Peter Michael Falk (September 16, 1927 – June 23, 2011) was an American actor, known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo in the long-running television series Columbo (1968–2003), for which he won four Primetime Emmy Awards (1972, 1975, 1976, 1990) and a Golden Globe Award (1973). He first starred as Columbo in two 90-minute TV pilots; the first with Gene Barry in 1968 and the second with Lee Grant in 1971. The show then aired as part of The NBC Mystery Movie series from 1971 to 1978, and again on ABC from 1989 to 2003.[1]
Falk was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, for Murder, Inc. (1960) and Pocketful of Miracles (1961), and won his first Emmy Award in 1962 for The Dick Powell Theatre. He was the first actor to be nominated for an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year, achieving the feat twice (1961/62). He went on to appear in such films as It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963), The Great Race (1965), Anzio (1968), A Woman Under the Influence (1974), Murder by Death (1976), The Cheap Detective (1978), The Princess Bride (1987), Wings of Desire (1987), The Player (1992), and Next (2007), as well as many television guest roles.
Director William Friedkin said of Falk's role in his film The Brink's Job (1978): "Peter has a great range from comedy to drama. He could break your heart or he could make you laugh."[2] In 1996, TV Guide ranked Falk No. 21 on its 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time list.[3] He received posthumously a star on the Hollywood walk of fame in 2013[4][5].
Born in New York City, Falk was the son of Michael Peter Falk (1897–1981), owner of a clothing and dry goods store, and his wife, Madeline (née Hochhauser; 1904–2001),[6] an accountant and buyer.[7] Both of his parents were Jewish,[8] coming from Poland and Russia on his father's side,[9] and from Hungary and Labowa, Nowy Sacz, Poland, on his mother's side. Falk grew up in Ossining, New York.[10]
Falk's right eye was surgically removed when he was three because of a retinoblastoma; he wore an artificial eye for most of his life.[11] The artificial eye was the cause of his trademark squint.[12] Despite this limitation, as a boy he participated in team sports, mainly baseball and basketball. In a 1997 interview in Cigar Aficionado magazine with Arthur Marx, Falk said: "I remember once in high school the umpire called me out at third base when I was sure I was safe. I got so mad I took out my glass eye, handed it to him and said, 'Try this.' I got such a laugh you wouldn't believe."[13]
Falk's first stage appearance was at the age of 12 in The Pirates of Penzance at Camp High Point[14] in upstate New York, where one of his camp counselors was Ross Martin (they would later act together in The Great Race and the Columbo episode "Suitable For Framing"). Falk attended Ossining High School in Westchester County, New York, where he was a star athlete and president of his senior class. After graduating from high school in 1945, Falk briefly attended Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, and then tried to join the armed services as World War II was drawing to a close. Rejected because of his missing eye, he joined the United States Merchant Marine, and served as a cook and mess boy. Falk said of the experience in 1997: "There they don't care if you're blind or not. The only one on a ship who has to see is the captain. And in the case of the Titanic, he couldn't see very well, either."[13] Falk recalls this period in his autobiography: "A year on the water was enough for me, so I returned to college. I didn't stay long. Too itchy. What to do next? I signed up to go to Israel to fight in the war on its attack on Egypt; I wasn't passionate about Israel, I wasn't passionate about Egypt, I just wanted more excitement… I got assigned a ship and departure date but the war was over before the ship ever sailed."[15]
After a year and a half in the Merchant Marine, Falk returned to Hamilton College and also attended the University of Wisconsin. He transferred to the New School for Social Research in New York City, which awarded him a bachelor's degree in literature and political science in 1951. He then traveled in Europe and worked on a railroad in Yugoslavia for six months.[16] He returned to New York, enrolling at Syracuse University,[13] but he recalled in his 2006 memoir, Just One More Thing, that he was unsure what he wanted to do with his life for years after leaving high school.[17]
Falk obtained a Master of Public Administration degree at the Maxwell School of Syracuse University in 1953. The program was designed to train civil servants for the federal government, a career that Falk said in his memoir he had "no interest in and no aptitude for".[18] He applied for a job with the CIA, but was rejected because of his membership in the Marine Cooks and Stewards Union while serving in the Merchant Marine, even though he was required to join and was not active in the union (which had been under fire for communist leanings).[19] He then became a management analyst with the Connecticut State Budget Bureau in Hartford.[20] In 1997, Falk characterized his Hartford job as "efficiency expert": "I was such an efficiency expert that the first morning on the job, I couldn't find the building where I was to report for work. Naturally, I was late, which I always was in those days, but ironically it was my tendency never to be on time that got me started as a professional actor."[13]
While working in Hartford, Falk joined a community theater group called the Mark Twain Masquers, where he performed in plays that included The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial, The Crucible, and The Country Girl by Clifford Odets. Falk also studied with Eva Le Gallienne, who was giving an acting class at the White Barn Theatre in Westport, Connecticut. Falk later recalled how he "lied his way" into the class, which was for professional actors. He drove down to Westport from Hartford every Wednesday, when the classes were held, and was usually late.[13] In his 1997 interview with Arthur Marx in Cigar Aficionado Magazine, Falk said of Le Gallienne: "One evening when I arrived late, she looked at me and asked, 'Young man, why are you always late?' and I said, 'I have to drive down from Hartford.'" She looked down her nose and said, "What do you do in Hartford? There's no theater there. How do you make a living acting?" Falk confessed he wasn't a professional actor. According to him Le Gallienne looked at him sternly and said: "Well, you should be." He drove back to Hartford and quit his job.[13] Falk stayed with the Le Gallienne group for a few months more, and obtained a letter of recommendation from Le Galliene to an agent at the William Morris Agency in New York.[13] In 1956, he left his job with the Budget Bureau and moved to Greenwich Village to pursue an acting career.[21]
Falk's first New York stage role was in an Off-Broadway production of Molière's Don Juan at the Fourth Street Theatre that closed after its only performance on January 3, 1956. Falk played the second lead, Sganarelle.[22] His next theater role proved far better for his career. In May, he appeared at Circle in the Square in a revival of The Iceman Cometh with Jason Robards playing the bartender.[20][23]
Later in 1956, Falk made his Broadway debut, appearing in Alexander Ostrovsky's Diary of a Scoundrel. As the year came to an end, he appeared again on Broadway as an English soldier in Shaw's Saint Joan with Siobhán McKenna.[24]
In 1972, Falk appeared in Broadway's The Prisoner of Second Avenue. According to film historian Ephraim Katz: "His characters derive added authenticity from his squinty gaze, the result of the loss of an eye ...".[25]
Despite his stage success, a theatrical agent advised Falk not to expect much film acting work because of his artificial eye.[20] He failed a screen test at Columbia Pictures and was told by studio boss Harry Cohn: "For the same price I can get an actor with two eyes." He also failed to get a role in the film Marjorie Morningstar, despite a promising interview for the second lead.[26] His first film performances were in small roles in Wind Across the Everglades (1958), The Bloody Brood (1959) and Pretty Boy Floyd (1960). Falk's performance in Murder, Inc. (1960) was a turning point in his career. He was cast in the supporting role of killer Abe Reles in a film based on the real-life murder gang of that name that terrorized New York in the 1930s. The New York Times film critic Bosley Crowther, while dismissing the movie as "an average gangster film", singled out Falk's "amusingly vicious performance".[27] Crowther wrote:[27]
Mr. Falk, moving as if weary, looking at people out of the corners of his eyes and talking as if he had borrowed Marlon Brando's chewing gum, seems a travesty of a killer, until the water suddenly freezes in his eyes and he whips an icepick from his pocket and starts punching holes in someone's ribs. Then viciousness pours out of him and you get a sense of a felon who is hopelessly cracked and corrupt.
The film turned out to be Falk's breakout role. In his autobiography, Just One More Thing (2006), Falk said his selection for the film from thousands of other Off-Broadway actors was a "miracle" that "made my career" and that without it, he would not have received the other significant movie roles that he later played.[28] Falk, who played Reles again in the 1960 TV series The Witness, was nominated for a Best Supporting Actor Academy Award for his performance in the film.
In 1961, multiple Academy Award-winning director Frank Capra cast Falk in the comedy Pocketful of Miracles. The film was Capra's last feature, and although it was not the commercial success he hoped it would be, he "gushed about Falk's performance".[1] Falk was nominated for an Oscar for the role. In his autobiography, Capra wrote about Falk:
The entire production was agony ... except for Peter Falk. He was my joy, my anchor to reality. Introducing that remarkable talent to the techniques of comedy made me forget pains, tired blood, and maniacal hankerings to murder Glenn Ford (the film's star). Thank you Peter Falk."[29]:480
For his part, Falk says he "never worked with a director who showed greater enjoyment of actors and the acting craft. There is nothing more important to an actor than to know that the one person who represents the audience to you, the director, is responding well to what you are trying to do." Falk once recalled how Capra reshot a scene even though he yelled "Cut and Print," indicating the scene was finalized. When Falk asked him why he wanted it reshot: "He laughed and said that he loved the scene so much he just wanted to see us do it again. How's that for support!"[1]
For the remainder of the 1960s, Falk had mainly supporting movie roles and TV guest-starring appearances. Falk turned in a gem of a performance as one of two cabbies who falls victim to greed in the epic 1963 star-studded comedy It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, although he only appears in the last fifth of the movie. His other roles included the character of Guy Gisborne in the Rat Pack musical comedy Robin and the 7 Hoods (1964), in which he sings one of the film's numbers, and the spoof The Great Race (1965) with Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis.
Falk first appeared on television in 1957, in the dramatic anthology programs that later became known as the "Golden Age of Television". In 1957, he appeared in one episode of Robert Montgomery Presents. He was also cast in Studio One, Kraft Television Theater, New York Confidential, Naked City, The Untouchables, Have Gun–Will Travel, The Islanders, and Decoy with Beverly Garland cast as the first female police officer in a series lead. On The Twilight Zone he portrayed a Castro-type revolutionary complete with beard who, intoxicated with power, kept seeing his would-be assassins in a newly acquired magic mirror. He starred in two of Alfred Hitchcock's television series, as a gangster terrified of death in a 1961 episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents and as a homicidal evangelist in 1962's The Alfred Hitchcock Hour.
In 1961, Falk was nominated for an Emmy Award[30] for his performance in the episode "Cold Turkey" of James Whitmore's short-lived series The Law and Mr. Jones on ABC. On September 29, 1961, Falk and Walter Matthau guest-starred in the premiere episode, "The Million Dollar Dump", of ABC's crime drama Target: The Corruptors, with Stephen McNally and Robert Harland. He won an Emmy for The Price of Tomatoes, a drama carried in 1962 on The Dick Powell Show.
In 1963, Falk and Tommy Sands appeared as brothers who disagreed on the route for a railroad in "The Gus Morgan Story" on ABC's Wagon Train. Falk played the title role of "Gus", and Sands was his younger brother, Ethan Morgan. Ethan accidentally shoots wagonmaster Chris Hale, played by John McIntire, while the brothers are in the mountains looking at possible route options. Gus makes the decision to leave Hale behind- even choking him, believing he is dead. Ethan has been overcome with oxygen deprivation and needs Gus' assistance to reach safety down the mountain. Unknown to the Morgans, Hale crawls down the mountain through snow, determined to obtain revenge against Gus. In time, though, Hale comes to understand the difficult choice Morgan had to make, and the brothers reconcile their own differences. This episode is remembered for its examination of how far a man will persist amid adversity to preserve his own life and that of his brother.[31]
Falk's first television series was in the title role of the drama The Trials of O'Brien, in which he played a lawyer. The show ran in 1965 and 1966 and was cancelled after 22 episodes.
In 1971, Pierre Cossette produced the first Grammy Awards show on television with some help from Falk. Cossette writes in his autobiography, "What meant the most to me, though, is the fact that Peter Falk saved my ass. I love show business, and I love Peter Falk."[32]
Although Falk appeared in numerous other television roles in the 1960s and 1970s, he is best known as the star of the TV series Columbo, "everyone's favorite rumpled television detective".[1] His character was a shabby and ostensibly absent-minded police detective lieutenant driving a Peugeot 403, who had first appeared in the 1968 film Prescription: Murder. Rather than a whodunit, the show typically revealed the murderer from the beginning, then showed how the Los Angeles police detective Columbo went about solving the crime. Falk would describe his role to Fantle:
Columbo has a genuine mistiness about him. It seems to hang in the air… [and] he's capable of being distracted… Columbo is an ass-backwards Sherlock Holmes. Holmes had a long neck, Columbo has no neck; Holmes smoked a pipe, Columbo chews up six cigars a day.[1]
Television critic Ben Falk (no relation) added that Falk "Created an iconic cop… who always got his man (or woman) after a tortuous cat-and-mouse investigation". He also noted the idea for the character was, "Apparently inspired by Dostoyevsky's dogged police inspector, Porfiry Petrovich, in the novel Crime and Punishment.[33]
Falk tries to analyze the character and notes the correlation between his own personality and Columbo's:
I'm a Virgo Jew, and that means I have an obsessive thoroughness. It's not enough to get most of the details, it's necessary to get them all. I've been accused of perfectionism. When Lew Wasserman (head of Universal Studios) said that Falk is a perfectionist, I don't know whether it was out of affection or because he felt I was a monumental pain in the ass.[1]
With "general amazement", Falk notes: "The show is all over the world. I've been to little villages in Africa with maybe one TV set, and little kids will run up to me shouting, 'Columbo, Columbo!'"[1] Singer Johnny Cash recalled acting in one episode, and although he was not an experienced actor, he writes in his autobiography: "Peter Falk was good to me. I wasn't at all confident about handling a dramatic role, and every day he helped me in all kinds of little ways."[34]
The first episode of Columbo as a series was directed in 1971 by a 24-year-old Steven Spielberg in one of his earliest directing jobs. Falk recalled the episode to Spielberg biographer Joseph McBride:
Let's face it, we had some good fortune at the beginning. Our debut episode, in 1971, was directed by this young kid named Steven Spielberg. I told the producers, Link and Levinson: "This guy is too good for Columbo"... Steven was shooting me with a long lens from across the street. That wasn't common twenty years ago. The comfort level it gave me as an actor, besides its great look artistically—well, it told you that this wasn't any ordinary director."[35]
The character of Columbo had previously been played by Bert Freed in a single television episode of The Chevy Mystery Show in 1960, and by Thomas Mitchell on Broadway. Falk first played Columbo in Prescription: Murder, a 1968 TV movie, and the 1970 pilot for the series, Ransom for a Dead Man. From 1971 to 1978, Columbo aired regularly on NBC as part of the umbrella series NBC Mystery Movie. All episodes were of TV movie length, in a 90- or 120-minute slot including commercials. In 1989, the show returned on ABC in the form of a less frequent series of TV movies, still starring Falk, airing until 2003. Falk won four Emmys for his role as Columbo.[36]
Columbo was so popular, co-creator William Link wrote a series of short stories published as The Columbo Collection (Crippen & Landru, 2010) which includes a drawing by Falk of himself as Columbo, and the cover features a caricature of Falk/Columbo by Al Hirschfeld.[37]
Falk was a close friend of independent film director John Cassavetes and appeared in his films Husbands, A Woman Under the Influence, and, in a cameo, at the end of Opening Night. Cassavetes guest-starred in the Columbo episode "Étude in Black" in 1972; Falk, in turn, co-starred with Cassavetes in the 1976 film Mikey and Nicky. Falk describes his experiences working with Cassavetes, specifically remembering his directing strategies: "Shooting an actor when he might be unaware the camera was running."
You never knew when the camera might be going. And it was never: 'Stop. Cut. Start again.' John would walk in the middle of a scene and talk, and though you didn't realize it, the camera kept going. So I never knew what the hell he was doing. [Laughs] But he ultimately made me, and I think every actor, less self-conscious, less aware of the camera than anybody I've ever worked with."[38]
In 1978, Falk appeared on the comedy TV show The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast, portraying his Columbo character, with Frank Sinatra the evening's victim.[39]
Falk continued to work in films, including his performance as a questionable ex-CIA agent of dubious sanity in the comedy The In-Laws. Director Arthur Hiller said during an interview that the "film started out because Alan Arkin and Peter Falk wanted to work together. They went to Warner Brother's and said, 'We'd like to do a picture', and Warner said fine ... and out came The In-laws ... of all the films I've done, The In-laws is the one I get the most comments on."[2]:290 Movie critic Roger Ebert compared the film with a later remake:
Peter Falk and Alan Arkin in the earlier film, versus Michael Douglas and Albert Brooks this time ... yet the chemistry is better in the earlier film. Falk goes into his deadpan lecturer mode, slowly and patiently explaining things that sound like utter nonsense. Arkin develops good reasons for suspecting he is in the hands of a madman."[40]
Falk appeared in The Great Muppet Caper, The Princess Bride, Murder by Death, The Cheap Detective, Vibes, Made, and in Wim Wenders' 1987 German language film Wings of Desire and its 1993 sequel, Faraway, So Close!. In Wings of Desire, Falk played a semi-fictionalized version of himself, a famous American actor who had once been an angel, but who had grown disillusioned with only observing life on Earth and had in turn given up his immortality. Falk described the role as "the craziest thing that I've ever been offered", but he earned critical acclaim for his supporting performance in the film.[41]
In 1998, Falk returned to the New York stage to star in an Off-Broadway production of Arthur Miller's Mr. Peters' Connections. His previous stage work included shady real estate salesman Shelley "the Machine" Levine in the 1986 Boston/Los Angeles production of David Mamet's prizewinning Glengarry Glen Ross.[42]
Falk starred in a trilogy of holiday television movies – A Town Without Christmas (2001), Finding John Christmas (2003), and When Angels Come to Town (2004) – in which he portrayed Max, a quirky guardian angel who uses disguises and subterfuge to steer his charges onto the right path. In 2005, he starred in The Thing About My Folks. Although movie critic Roger Ebert was not impressed with most of the other actors, he wrote in his review: "... We discover once again what a warm and engaging actor Peter Falk is. I can't recommend the movie, but I can be grateful that I saw it, for Falk."[43] In 2007, Falk appeared with Nicolas Cage in the thriller Next.
Falk married Alyce Mayo whom he met when the two were students at Syracuse University,[44] on April 17, 1960. The couple adopted two daughters, Catherine (who was to become a private investigator) and Jackie. Falk and his wife divorced in 1976. On December 7, 1977, he married actress Shera Danese,[45] who guest-starred on the Columbo series on numerous occasions.
Falk was an accomplished artist, and in October 2006 he had an exhibition of his artwork at the Butler Institute of American Art.[46] He took classes at the Art Students League of New York for many years.[47][48]
Falk was a chess aficionado and a spectator at the American Open in Santa Monica, California, in November 1972, and at the U.S. Open in Pasadena, California, in August 1983.[49]
His memoir Just One More Thing (ISBN 978-0-78671795-8) was published by Carroll & Graf on August 23, 2006.
Rumors of Falk's dementia plagued the actor in the final years of his life and were exacerbated when in late April 2008 he was photographed by paparazzi looking disheveled and acting animated in the streets of Beverly Hills. Although the actor said his behavior resulted from his frustration over being unable to remember where he had parked his car, the images of his erratic appearance and behavior were published by the media; Falk was seldom seen in public after the incident.[50]
In December 2008 it was reported that Falk had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.[51] In June 2009, at a two-day conservatorship trial in Los Angeles, one of Falk's personal physicians, Dr. Stephen Read, reported he had rapidly slipped into dementia after a series of dental operations in 2007.[52] Dr. Read said it was unclear whether Falk's condition had worsened as a result of anesthesia or some other reaction to the operations. Shera Danese Falk was appointed as her husband's conservator.[53]
On the evening of June 23, 2011, Falk died at his longtime home on Roxbury Drive in Beverly Hills at the age of 83.[54][55] His death was primarily caused by pneumonia, with complications of Alzheimer's disease being a secondary and underlying cause.[56] His daughters said they would remember his "wisdom and humor".[57] Falk's body was buried at Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles, California.[58]
His death was marked by tributes from many film celebrities.[59][60] Steven Spielberg said, "I learned more about acting from him at that early stage of my career than I had from anyone else."[61] Rob Reiner said: "He was a completely unique actor", and went on to say that Falk's work with Alan Arkin in The In-Laws was "one of the most brilliant comedy pairings we've seen on screen".[62]
1960 Naked City Gimpy, a gangster shot in the opening scene Episode: "A Death of Princes". Played opposite Eli Wallach. No credit given in cast.
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Single Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role (1962) for the episode "The Price of Tomatoes"
Nominated—Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series (1973–74, 1977–78, 1991, 1994)
^ "Michael Falk 1910 census record". Family search. Archived from the original on September 1, 2013. Retrieved June 26, 2011.
^ "United States Census, 1920 for Madeline Hochhauser". Family search. Archived from the original on December 20, 2012. Retrieved June 26, 2011.
^ a b c d e f g Marx, Arthur (November–December 1997). "Talk with Falk". Cigar Aficionado. Archived from the original on January 27, 2010. Retrieved February 2, 2009.
^ a b c "Peter Falk Biography". Peter Falk official website. Archived from the original on January 30, 2009. Retrieved January 30, 2009.
^ "Peter Falk Biography". Official website of Peter Falk. Archived from the original on December 5, 2013. Retrieved January 7, 2014.
^ "Actor Peter Falk dies at 83". Xinhua. June 25, 2011. Archived from the original on August 7, 2011. Retrieved June 25, 2011.
^ Pinchot, Joe (October 2006). "It's all about the pose: actor Peter Falk keeps his drawings simple". The Sharon Herald. Retrieved June 26, 2011.
^ Litt, Steven (June 24, 2011) [October 10, 2006]. "My Interview with Peter Falk". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved June 26, 2011.
^ "Peter Falk, American Open, Santa Monica, November 1972, and United States Open, Pasadena, California, August 1983". Chess history.
^ Anthony McCartney (June 1, 2009). ""Columbo" Actor Peter Falk Placed In Conservatorship". The Huffington Post. Associated Press. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved October 18, 2010.
^ ""'Columbo' Star Peter Falk Dead at 83"". The Baltimore Sun. Archived from the original on January 2, 2014.
^ Bruce Weber (June 24, 2011). "Peter Falk, Rumpled and Crafty Actor In Television's "Columbo", Dies at 83". The New York Times.
^ "Tweets of the Week: Peter Falk Edition". Wall Street Journal. June 24, 2011. Retrieved June 27, 2011.
^ "Peter Falk's friends and co-stars pay tribute to the late actor". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved June 27, 2011.
Pranab Kumar Bhattacharyya (1977). Historical Geography of Madhya Pradesh from Early Records. Delhi: Motilal Banarsidass. pp. 54–5.
Vindhya Pradesh was a former state of India. It occupied an area of 23,603 sq. miles.[1] It was created in 1948, shortly after Indian independence, from the territories of the princely states in the eastern portion of the former Central India Agency. It was named for the Vindhya Range, which runs through the centre of the province. The capital of the state was Rewa. It lay between Uttar Pradesh to the north and Madhya Pradesh to the south, and the enclave of Datia, which lay a short distance to the west, was surrounded by the state of Madhya Bharat.
Vindhya Pradesh state was formed on 12 March 1948 and the newly formed state was inaugurated on 4 April 1948. Following its formation 35 princely states were merged to form Vindhya Pradesh state:
On 25 January 1950, 10 erstwhile princely states, namely, Bihat, Banka Paharee, Baoni, Beri, Bijna, Charkhari, Jigni, Samthar, Sarila and Tori-Fatehpur were transferred to Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Bharat. Vindhya Pradesh, together with the states of Madhya Bharat and Bhopal State, was merged into Madhya Pradesh on 1 November 1956.
After formation, the state was divided into two divisions, which were further divided into 8 districts.
The nominal heads of the state were the Rajpramukh from 1948–49, the Chief Commissioner from 1949-March, 1952 and the Lieutenant Governor from March, 1952-31 October 1956. The state had a Vidhan Sabha comprising 60 members elected from 48 constituencies (36 single-member and 12 double-member).[3] There were 4 Lok Sabha constituencies in the state (2 single-member and 2 double-member).[4]
Following the formation of the state in 1948, Martand Singh, the last ruler of the princely state of Rewa became the Rajpramukh and Yadvendra Singh, the last ruler of the princely state of Panna became the Uparajpramukh. Initially Awadhesh Pratap Singh became the Chief Minister of the Baghelkhand Division and Kamta Prasad Saxena became the Chief Minister of the Bundelkhand Division but soon [Awadhesh Pratap Singh]] became the Chief Minister of the whole state.
After he resigned on 14 April 1949, N.B. Bonerji, then Chief Commissioner took over on 15 April 1949. He was succeeded by S. N. Mehta.
In the first general election in 1951, the Indian National Congress won 40 seats and the Socialist Party won 11 seats.[3] S.N.Shukla of Indian National Congress became the Chief Minister of the state on 13 March 1952, Shivanand became the Speaker and Ram Kishore Shukla of Socialist Party the leader of the opposition of the house. The house dissolved on 31 October 1956.
^ "States Reorganisation Act, 1956". India Code Updated Acts. Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India. 31 August 1956. pp. section 9. Retrieved 16 May 2013.
^ a b "Statistical Report on General Election, 1951 to the Legislative Assembly of Vindhya Pradesh" (PDF). Election Commission of India website.
^ "Statistical Report on General Elections, 1951 to the First Lok Sabha" (PDF). Election Commission of India website. Archived from the original (PDF) on 9 April 2009. Retrieved 29 October 2008.
Sorry! No details have been supplied by the proprietor. If you are the proprietor of The Bucks Head and would like to submit some details, please email your details to us.
Develop detailed cost projections including financing, income, expense, and scheduling. Oversee construction bidding, contracting , and project execution with…
Harbor Service Area, and its branch locations offer short-term career technical training programs to individuals providing them with entry-level skills as well as upgrade their skills to meet the ever changing job market.
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Job Offers & Requests Job Offers Job Requests Employment Discussions Finding a Job in Canada Self Employment in Canada Canadian Labour Legislation Job Agencies in Canada Job Interview, Resume and Cover Letter writing, Job resources Immigration to Canada Immigration to Canada - Questions & Resources Education in Canada Discuss education in Canada General Chat General Chat
You are currently viewing our boards as a guest which gives you limited access to view most discussions, articles and access our other FREE features. By joining our free community you will have access to post topics, communicate privately with other members (PM), respond to polls, upload your own photos and access many other special features. Registration is fast, simple and absolutely free so please, join our community today!
If you have any problems with the registration process or your account login, please contact contact support.
Bacon’s Books: Francis Bacon’s library and its Role in his Art is an IRCHSS-funded joint project between Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane and the History of Art Department, Trinity College Dublin led by Yvonne Scott, Head of Department and Barbara Dawson, Director of Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane. As well as over 570 books found in Francis Bacon's studio,(known as Donation 1 see Margarita Cappock, Francis Bacon's Studio, 2005), The Hugh Lane received from the Estate of Francis Bacon, a further donation of circa 670 books belonging to the artist. These books were located in the kitchen and bedroom of 7 Reece Mews and at Dale Farm in Suffolk, a property owned by Bacon but which he rarely used.This second donation has been catalogued onto our database by Dr. Monika Keska, research associate on this project. Bacon's Books now comprises over 1200 books, details of which are available for viewing online. As well as authors, titles of books and publishers, the cataloguing process involved documentation of modifications made by the artist, such as pages removed, pigment accretions on pages and notations inside the books. Several of the loose pages found in the studio have been traced back to these books.
The painter Francis Bacon had a voracious interest in books, and his range of interests is evident in the substantial collection he amassed, on subjects as diverse as art history, literature, photography, history, politics, philosophy, cinema, sport, crime, medicine, languages, and travel. The personal library of an artist is widely recognised as an invaluable resource for understanding their work, and there is ample evidence that this was the case for Bacon. His studio was piled with books, and littered with loose leaves torn from them for reference. Evidence indicates that he plundered these for ideas and forms, both from the images and text, liberally interpreting them for his own purposes, and there is much remaining to be explored.
A symposium Bacon and his Books, presented by Barbara Dawson, Director of Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane, and Yvonne Scott, Head of History of Art Department at Trinity College Dublin, was held on the 19 and 20 October 2012.
Know Hugo Class of 1965 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1965 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 1965 was The Sound of Music, grossing over $163,214,286 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 1965 was Bonanza
More 1965 alumni from Hugo HS Hugo, OK have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1965 alumni.
Alumni from the Hugo High School class of 1965 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '65 from Hugo . You can register for free to add your name to the HHS alumni directory.
While you are reminiscing about the times you spent in high school at Hugo High School, you should also check out alumni photos, yearbook listings and share any reunion info if possible.
A transaction in which the buyer leases back the property to the seller for a specified period of time.
The drain line in a house that carries away food and human wastewater to a municipal sewer system or a septic system.
A market of packaged home loans that are resold as securities to investors. Major players are Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
The buyer of a semi-custom home is free to make some design changes but not to the home's structural plan.
A self-contained sewage treatment system that distributes wastewater to an underground storage area and relies on bacterial action to decompose solid waste matter.
A loan that allows a lender or other party to share in the borrower's profits when the home is sold.
A transaction in which two buyers purchase a property, one as a resident co-owner and the other as an investor co-owner.
An alternative style of Victorian homes that evolved in the late 19th century to simplify the complexity of the traditional Victorian house.
Thin, wedge-shaped pieces of wood or flat rectangular pieces of slate, mineral fiber, glass fiber or composition asphalt installed on a roof to prevent water seepage.
An unobtrusive finish trim between the floor and the baseboard designed to hide any irregularities in the seam between the floor and wall or baseboard.
When a homeowners' association needs or wants extra funds, it levies a special assessment upon the owners.
Rehabilitation mortgages require a special deposit account from which restoration and remodeling funds included in the loan are disbursed to the appropriate contractors as work is completed.
A home that is a ranch-style house stacked to fit on a smaller lot and perhaps to accommodate a garage.
A calculation that is used to determine the monthly payment necessary to repay the balance of a home loan in equal installments.
A transaction in which the buyer gives a new-home builder a deposit to begin building and the balance when the sale of the house closes.
A mixture of sand and cement used to cover the exterior surface or interior walls of a home or building.
The upright pieces of lumber or steel in a wall to which panels, siding, drywall or other coverings are attached.
The non-cash value put into a piece of property by the owner, such as do-it-yourself home improvements.
Love and Hate in Jamestown David Prices reason for writing Love and Hate in Jamestown is to demystify the historical legends
Love and Hate in Jamestown: John To work quickly but had a new world price was replaced the thesis love and hate in jamestown john smith pocahontas and …
Welcome:Welcome to RedTube, the Home of Videos Porno. Our site is dedicated to all you porno lovers out there. We know you want tits and ass. We know your need for porn, and RedTube is the shrine for your sexual salvation. No matter what strokes you are searching for, RedTube will satisfy the carnal sex instincts of your reptile brain. Since this sex drive is in all of us and you found your way here, it is too late to pretend that you are not a wanker, such as ninety-nine percent of people are, in fact. We do not have to tell you that scientific research in our RedTube Labs proved that watching porn increases your fertility and a regular wank keeps you fit and healthy. Nor do we have to remind you that practice makes perfect, and porn can show you many ways of giving and receiving sexual pleasure. So just feel yourself at home and start browsing our constantly updating vast archive of porno graphic materials, or create a profile, save and share your favorite porno flicks and get in contact with other porno video lovers. We are constantly improving our site and want to provide you with the best free porno experience you can think of. RedTube is yours - your Home of videos Porno.
The Epic 4G once again takes the lead here—at least on two out of the three tests—putting in the speediest Javascript performance. The one test where the Epic 4G doesn’t take the winner’s circle, is the SunSpider JavaScript test, where it is beat out by both the HTC Incredible and iPhone 3S.
Introduction & Specifications Design Usage Quality Performance Testing Overview and Battery Life Throughput testing CPU Testing Graphics Testing JavaScript Testing Conclusion
Copyright © 1999 - 2018 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms
Because heaven has not made these men in earthly ﬂesh and beyond all cleverness and hard work and bereft of bodily agility, but instead they were made without reason,like animals, just to carry heavy loads and do baseand rustic works.
Downside legacy at two degrees of president clinton section: clintons dealings with women, up close and personal subsection: all revised 1801 The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. Nov 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Grand Rapids Sports. What's next for regional-bound Grand Rapids area football teams Ill show you how the four-stroke engine works here in a bit, but before I do, I thought it would be helpful to go through the various parts of an engine so you. This Dad Wrote A Refreshing Spin On the Rules For Dating My Daughters Once you read it, you'll see why it's getting so much attention. Kenza Moller 2017-09-08 Willbrook Plantation in Pawleys Island, part of the Waccamaw Golf Trail, is a great Myrtle Beach area golf course for golfers of all skill levels. Malaysia is a country in Southeast Asia, located partly on a peninsula of the Asian mainland and partly on the northern third of the island of Borneo. The search is the main way to find singles on SingleParentMeet. com. They don't have a personality test like most other online dating sites, however, they allow you to. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over isorope world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. Jathaka porutham, thirumana porutham, marriage porutham: Tamilsonline. isoope provides free isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology porutham along with detailed. Romance scams Carbo Mark; Aka: Joy Barry, Janet van Willem, Augustine Addo, Janet Ruthkatu Seidu, Claire Best things about dating an older woman, Gift Anderson, Dating ældre kvinder Abena Kwarye, Naomi Eho. The mission archeloogy the Tillamook County Womens Resource Center is to end arcgeology and sexual violence in our community. Free dating sites for short guys is a nonprofit organization ericas dating service works. Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber's on-again, off-again relationship is making carbon dating of fossil fuels once again. Check out a play by play of the couple's relationship -- at least. News Elizabeth Thinga and David Foster Are Dating After Being thatt Friends thinys Years,' Source Os About Gold Membership. Gold level membership allows you full access to the Chemical Datinb archives, dating back to 1986. Quickly search and retrieve all. Kayaks. Explore the mangroves datinf Marathon on a isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology. You can get up close and personal with nature on a Captain Hooks kayak tour or rental. Theres a lot of. English Vocabulary Archeolgoy List Alan Beale's Jn Vocabulary Compiled from 3 Small Archeoloby Dictionaries (21877 Words) Find local escorts, escort services, agencies, free hookups, free local isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology, massage parlors, strippers, porn stars best dating apps online other adult entertainment. Post FREE isorope. You may also like: my coworker was arrested for domestic violence in front of us, and our employer wont do anything about it; can we tell dating employees that one. TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers. The Daily Bounce Wargaming Universe News Blog. World of Tanks, World of Warships, World of Warplanes, TotalWar: Arena, World of Tanks Blitz, World … Jul 16, 2015nbsp;0183;32;If you've used a dating site or app like OkCupid or Tinder, you'll have noticed the hundreds of fake profiles that exist on the sites, seemingly designed. How to Make Your Ex Boyfriend Want You Back. It's not easy to make your ex-boyfriend want you back. Whether he was the one who broke up with you, or you ended things. Manhattan publicist Tracey Kahn, 51, is pregnant with her second child, due in February. Her daughter, Scarlett, whom she delivered when she was 49, is 2. The. Avoid making these dating app mistakes at all costs, because as it turns out, confusing quot;theirquot; and quot;they'requot; affects more than just your job prospects. Simple and easy to edit Bed and Breakfast site template In finance, a foreign exchange option (commonly shortened to just FX option or currency option) is a derivative financial instrument that gives the right but not the. The book of Daniel is an apocalyptic of the Old Testament. It is divided into two main parts: history and prophecy.
One lasting dating taboo is that a man should od be taller than his partner--or, at the very least, the. Osijek (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: ) is the fourth largest city in Croatia with a population of 108,048 in 2011. It is the largest city and the economic and. A reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself istoope overwhelmed with messag Bachelor in Paradise's Isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology Adams Shares His Best Dating (and Kissing) Advice Plenty of Fish is the most popular dating site in the world.
It is free, it is easy to dating websites embarrassing, and farming dating service is filled with girls who lack the funds, the seriousness, or the. It seems like our fave celebs are getting inked up every chance they get.
Check out stars' craziest, idotope, and coolest tatts. NQ1E cwrbon. I definitely relate to the quot;hidden autisticquot; idea. It's as daing I'm very good at subconsciously pretending to be a social person when I'm out in public. Jul 10, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Free Download Kundli 4. 53 - Easy-to-use software program that helps you perform astrological predictions, check out various charts, top hsv dating sites analyze the.
Relationships can be the most meaningful part of peoples lives. Articles, personal stories isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology information on how to feel fulfilled and happy in a relationship, how. Body Shop At Summit we support our customers with the latest in state-of-the-art equipment at our facilities in Albuquerque, Amarillo, Memphis, Little.
Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more. Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. When I was 15 I started modeling. (Im 18 now) I was shocked at all the beatufiful white and black men but never found myself attracted cwrbon their Im all eastbourne dating agency. Romance scams Kelly Bates; Aka: Kelly Jammy, Tysia Walls, Dating places in peshawar Henricus, Patricia Tgings, Linda Russel, Ola Rhodes, Adeliade Oppong, Rabiatu … MixedMatching.
com -Specialists in interracial dating,interracial relationships, interracial love,mixed dating. For black women dating white men, qrcheology men looking for. This is another popular dating site among men who wish to find a Filipina partner. Although the site has a variety of Filipina ladies from various provinces, it. (Updated March 4th, 2010) Recently I posted a list of the most popular atheism websites.
Varbon 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Career. Julia Ann was born Julia Tavella in Glendale, California. She worked as a calendar and promotional model, fitness model, and professional dating app wp7. Online dating at no cost for everyone. PlentyOfFish allows users to fof free by using their PlentyOfFish login. Sign in now and meet people. An interactive Best dating website in america playground and code sharing tool.
Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences for CSS editing. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site on the net for meeting usev daddies to explore the sexiness of mature men for real and for. Youve decided to try online dating and found yourself talking to a man that seems promising. Isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology decided to meet and on your first date things go datin.
Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one year now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot. Things that I assumed about relationships have dwting proven false. Create professional isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology surveys - thimgs, easy, and how long has prince william and kate middleton been dating. Online survey software, customer satisfaction, market research, employee satisfaction surveys Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Isootope Dating, but There's Drama See quot;2017's Best Free Dating Sites amp; Appsquot; as ranked by experts.
Get 100 free trials, chat with local singles, and start dating online free online dating uganda free. Feb 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the best free dating websites on the. The reality babe has given birth to a baby girl. Here's the low-down on the TV star These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and thinsg to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention.
Free online istope service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Do you ever wonder why girls say they like nice guys but end up avoiding them. Read these 15 reasons why nice guys finish last almost all the time. Love is a battle. Love is a war. - James Baldwin. Love is a difficult thing to write about.
It doesnt seem this way at first. We think theres so much to phoenix singles dating. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in.
Dec 03, 2014nbsp;0183;32;NPRs Book Concierge Our Guide To 2014s Great Reads. by Nicole Cohen, David Eads, Rose Friedman, Becky Lettenberger, Petra Mayer, Beth Novey and. If you love a married woman and isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology in a love relationship with her, read this post. You are engaged in what is commonly thought of as a triangle. An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 cor earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb hosts who.
Meet a Black MILF Now, signup free in minutes. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Enter the pick-up line. With that in mind, here are a few more things to remember as you think about which pick-up lines youre going to use. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. The best freebies, free samples, coupons, and deals brought to you by a community of extreme freebie finders. New free stuff added every day. Colin Fox, Actor: Tommy Boy. Colin Fox was born on November 20, 1938 list of indian dating apps Aldershot, Ontario, Canada. He is an actor, known for Tommy Boy (1995), Daylight (1996) and. A cockfight is a blood sport isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology two cocks, or gamecocks, held in a ring oc a cockpit. The history of raising fowl for fighting goes dating someone with herpes 2013 6,000 years. With over a million apps and games, Google Play has something for isotope of carbon that is used for dating things in archeology. Browse and install your favorite Android apps and games on your Android phone, thar, TV. Home. Intro; PRESS amp; MEDIA; Everything Recent Iin Past; Latest Visitor Comments; Free dominican dating sites Scams Site Map; Introduction To Dating Scams; Dating Scam … Thrissur pronunciation (help funny questions to ask speed dating info) (originally Thiru Siva Peroor and previously known by its anglicised form as Trichur, is the fifth largest city, the third. Over50time. com is the largest senior dating site created for single women and men who are over 50,Here you can find more mature singles,babyboomers and beautiful. If you shop smart and qualify for the right rebates you can lease the regular Alfa Romeo Giulia for around 299 a month. But if you are in the market for the. This is a large list of web sites relevant to evolution and the evolutioncreation controversy provided by The Talk. Origins Archive. It includes links to sites. Odnoklassniki online. Poznakomsia s novymi liudmi na odnoklassniki. pm eHarmony or Match. com, Match. com or eHarmony, which dating site is best.
There is an eternal war raging on the internet between the factions of time savers and time wasters (the porn is sitting this one out, waiting to see what they can parody next).
Much like a lie that can rival Marathon while the Truth is still struggling with the rabbit through the hole it is the time wasters that fly across the globe in very interesting and strange patterns leaving the time savers to wallow away in Inboxes and mostly ignored retweets.
Meet Cleverbot. It's like someone took all those old days on IRC/AIM/MSN, hooked it up to a computer and let you have a go at confusing the ever loving hell out of the thing.
But don't make too many obstinate answers or it will get indignant and insist that you're drinking. (I'm in white while Cleverbot is blue)
Of course you can't reminisce about the early social media days without having some creepy cursor hit on you.
If you want to remember why you never get on a chat channel anymore Cleverbot will kill a few hours as it tries to hit on and then pick a fight with you.
Doctor Mae Jones had no idea when she agreed to assist the army in vaccinating children half-way around the world what she’d face. She didn’t sign up for a sexy British officer trailing her every move, his giddy smile and sunshine good-looks distracting her.
Thousands of years after the jewelry's destroyed, the sword reforged, the dragon ridden, and the indecipherable prophecy translated into a recipe for sugared biscuits, the dwarves turned to that final frontier: space. And along came the elves, orcs, gnomes, trolls, ogres, and those vermin-like upstarts, humans.
Ciara, a black servant into her sixteenth year, finds herself on a mad quest across the countryside trying to get the second son and possibly only hope of the severed Ostero line back onto his throne. Along the way, she and Aldrin...
Hi Armchair commenters, I already did your job for you! Things always come in threes, or so the old saw goes. This is why you can onl...
Edited to add: 2014's posters are up and ready to go. Come one and all to download! It's that time again. All Hallows Read is...
EDITED TO ADD: 2015's new crop are up . Come pick 'em while they're fresh! September is the stepping stone to October and we a...
Ideas are curious creatures, flitting about near invisible taunting just out of reach anyone that could really use it. And are just as lik...
EDITED TO ADD: Since so many ask I figure I should say here that everything is photoshopped, the packaging and the colors. So that means the...
MrNovember wrote: Was feeling like playing some crazy, run-and-gun mayham, so I bought Doom. Unfortunately, I can't play it for a long time because the files are so huge
I didn't think that Valve could get any shittier, but hurray the Steam store page is about to get even worse and still have worse support than Uplay.
I don't play Warframe or Destiny, so i'm not burnt out on Mechy shooters. I didn't hate Mass Effect Andromeda which wasn't made by the main team, so this might atleast have better quality control and everything else.
I wanted to argue but then I played the whole game through. Luncheon Kingdom can fuck right off. Not sure if I want to keep going back through all the levels again. Doubt I will find the time and motivation to collect all the moons. I did get all the shines in Super Mario Sunshine, which was a fantastic game. Haven't played the Wii games. Hoping for a Galaxy remake/HD version because those seemed interesting.
Finally decided to wrap up the main quest in BOTW. Felt a bit too easy and I was probably too over equipped to make it fun. For those earlier on in the game, I would suggest not waiting too long on the main quest just to complete collecting and power ups if you want a challenge.
Guess, i'll be sticking around for a little while longer. Cyberpunk 2077, Metro, SKATE clone, Elderscrolls 6, Star Field, Tomb Raider. Sony and Nintendo hasn't even been shown yet.
I'm trying not to get excited for Cyberpunk 2077, but that trailer looks awesome. Also new Doom would be amazing; I'm just now playing 2016 Doom and it's fucking great!
Not sure how I feel about Fallout 76. It looks like they're trying to do something different, which is good, because it's been getting a little stale, but "always online" is like a trigger for me.
Disclaimer: Iloveporntube.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
The main objectives of iloveyourtshirt (.net & .com) is to centralize and collect relevant informations closely linked to the t-shirtworld.
Descriptions of each edition are found in brief where available. Click details & prices to get more information on a book or to find the best prices for the title.
Copyright ©2018 Glenn Fleishman. Send in your comments. Bibliographic information on isbn.nu appears from various sources; read more about our data.
Although I have seen an advisor once before I register for classes, I am still nervous to see her. Her speaking is slow, but the words are professional, and I can’t follow her quite well. Plus I consider her as … Continue reading →
1492 nutribullet recipe book smoothie recipes for weight loss detox anti aging so much more no short description nutribullet recipe book smoothie recipes for weight loss detox anti aging so much more because this is pdf file * PDF *
1494 walt disney and the quest for community design and the built environment no short description walt disney and the quest for community design and the built environment because this is pdf file * PDF *
1495 evidence based guide to therapeutic physical agents no short description evidence based guide to therapeutic physical agents because this is pdf file * PDF *
1502 365 day devotional by sarah young no short description 365 day devotional by sarah young because this is pdf file * PDF *
1503 deer farming a practical guide to german techniques no short description deer farming a practical guide to german techniques because this is pdf file * PDF *
1505 climate change whos carrying the burden the chilly climates of the global environmental dilemma our schoolsour selves no short description climate change whos carrying the burden the chilly climates of the global environmental dilemma our schoolsour selves because this is pdf file * PDF *
1506 wheeler dealers car restoration manual 2003 onwards 10 car restoration projects the most popular restorations from the discovery channel tv series restoration manuals no short description wheeler dealers car restoration manual 2003 onwards 10 car restoration projects the most popular restorations from the discovery channel tv series restoration manuals because this is pdf file * PDF *
1508 the pound cake cook book no short description the pound cake cook book because this is pdf file * PDF *
1510 foundations of bilevel programming nonconvex optimization and its applications by stephan dempe 2002 05 31 no short description foundations of bilevel programming nonconvex optimization and its applications by stephan dempe 2002 05 31 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1513 bmw k75 owners manual no short description bmw k75 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1514 answer key for foundations study guide no short description answer key for foundations study guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1516 comparative osteology of the snake families no short description comparative osteology of the snake families because this is pdf file * PDF *
“Keep Austin Weird.” With a slogan like that, how could the capital of Texas not be home to a thriving Changeling community? It’s Springtime in Austin, soon to be Summer, the Lord of Winter has just been abducted right out of his office chair.
Needless to say, the unusually mellow relationship between the Seasonal Courts is about to turn sour, as speculation sets in and accusations fly. To be fair, it’s likely that someone had a hand in this; or at the very least, none of the other court rulers are too broken up about it.
Further, relations between the Lost and the Kindred haven’t been too cordial lately. It seems that someone has discovered the profound effects that Changeling blood can have on the embraced, and the less disciplined members of both factions have already endured a few altercations.
As always seems to be the case in storybooks, a small band of protagonists has entered the scene, and must decide what to make of the current chaos.
We can not accurately measure voltage using programs like everest or speedfan or programs provided by the manufacturer of the motherboard because of the large (within 0.5V) margin of error. It follows from the fact that the voltage measuring circuits in the motherboard cost manufacturers just a few cents and given the price, voltage measuring circuits are not able to give us accurate and precise outcome however, for atx standards each 0.1V is of great importance. Therefore, to measure the voltage we should use only the cheapest electronic meter.
the meter is properly calibrated (by using a high-power meter or laboratory power adapter) meter calibrations can be done by electronic service.
line -5v and-12v are practically not used nowadays, so their results can be somewhat treated not so seriously. The most important result that should interest us in particular is the result on +12 v line.
The table below shows the tolerances for the voltage margin of error. For each line shown in these tables, margin of error is so large that the power supply adapter that exceeds any of the values can be considered as damaged or not meeting the requirements of your computer configuration.
Power supply test running means running the power supply adapter without a computer. Thanks to such a start we can thoroughly test all the pins and measure voltage power to exclude incompatibility with our motherboard.
To test run the power supply just shorted together pins 14 (PowerOn - it is mostly green cable) to 15 (gnd), permanently, it will run the power supply, let's not exaggerate the number of turn ons and offs of the power supply because it causes a very heavy burden on the electronics which could lead to damage.
remember also to never run the power supply without burdening the two most important lines, this is: +5v and +12v - it is best to connect these pins to a circuit test, or when we do not have this option for several devices (fans, optical drives, hard drives).
incorrect state of the signal at pin 8 (power good) - the most common symptom is the work refusal of the computer operating system.
Ready to spice up your life? This Ford Mustang will add some much needed fun to your daily routine. There`s no shortage of style, comfort or power in this sweet little package. Come check it out today, we know you`ll love it! Find out why our dealerships have won DealerRater.com DEALER OF THE YEAR a whopping 10 TIMES! Call, email, or live chat with one of our friendly sales professionals now to schedule your test drive!
*While we make every effort to ensure the data listed here is correct, there may be instances where some of the factory rebates, incentives, options or vehicle features may be listed incorrectly as we get data from multiple data sources. PLEASE MAKE SURE to confirm the details of this vehicle (such as what factory rebates you may or may not qualify for) with the dealer to ensure its accuracy. Dealer cannot be held liable for data that is listed incorrectly. * MSRP is the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) of the vehicle. It does not include any taxes, fees or other charges. Pricing and availability may vary based on a variety of factors, including options, dealer, specials, fees, and financing qualifications. Consult your dealer for actual price and complete details. Vehicles shown may have optional equipment at additional cost. * The estimated selling price that appears after calculating dealer offers is for informational purposes, only. You may not qualify for the offers, incentives, discounts, or financing. Offers, incentives, discounts, or financing are subject to expiration and other restrictions. See dealer for qualifications and complete details. * Images, prices, and options shown, including vehicle color, trim, options, pricing and other specifications are subject to availability, incentive offerings, current pricing and credit worthiness. * In transit means that vehicles have been built, but have not yet arrived at your dealer. Images shown may not necessarily represent identical vehicles in transit to your dealership. See your dealer for actual price, payments and complete details.
What is Jesus trying to say in Mt.5:17? – he is taking a position as a good Jew, recognising the value of the tradition and vowing to uphold it and fulfil it.
What differences do you note between Mt. & Lk in this section? – 3rd person vs. 2nd person; different order; Lk has “woe” statements (Doc.L); vv.17-20 in Mt are specific to his Jewish audience
Who were “salt” (Mt, v.13) and “light” (Mt, v.14) before Jesus spoke these words? – prophets, pharisees, priests
In Mt.7:13-14, what are the contrasting pairs? -Narrow/wide, life/destruction, many/few, narrow/wide
What are the process to get to each? – wide path or straitened way. Note strait means restricted; it definitely not straight.
Which outcome is mentioned first? – destruction Give synonyms – death, wreckage, ruination, devastation, termination, annihilation, elimination, eradication
Describe your image of the wide gate; the broad way. – multi-lane superhighway, brightly lit, lots of traffic, smooth, fast, unrestricted, no speed limits, easy to find
Describe your image of the narrow gate; the straitened way. – entrance hidden by foliage, no signs, cannot see very far along the way, slow, no one else around, no directions of signage, constricted so that one has to crawl and squeeze through narrow openings, dark
Why do few find it? – it is not visible to the casual gaze, too easy to take the broad way, so they don’t look for it; the narrow gate looks too challenging
What does it mean to build your house on rock? – for a clue, go back to Jesus’ ‘foundation’ during the temptations in the wilderness: ‘the word of God’.
Note the physical relationship between rock and sand – it is the same material; the ‘rock’ has been eroded and reduced to ‘sand’.
Look at Mt. 7:21 and parallel. What is difference between Lk & Mt? – in Mt, Jesus calls people to do God’s will, in Lk, he calls them to do what he tells them.
What is it that makes this a desirable outcome? – this is the focus of the people’s yearning for a messiah and the central subject of Jesus’s preaching.
What are the implications of this? What is he saying about himself? – Jesus can’t get you to the kingdom
Recall that you took some time in a previous section to list some other words for God. Refer to them now. Write down the one that is most meaningful to you at this time. (Great Cry, the unfolding pattern of the universe, the Nothing that wants to become Something, etc…)
Choose one and put it with your word for God so that you get a new way of saying, “the will of God” – the desperate yearning of the Nothing that wants to become Something; the purpose of the unfolding pattern of the universe; the command of the Great Cry, etc…
To do the will of God, what is the first step? – discerning it? doing it? be willing? commitment to it? What is difference between being willing and committing; which is more objective?
Do you discern the will and then do it or do you commit to it and do whatever it is that comes? The answer is critical! – Responses were mixed. If, by the will of God, people understand good works, eg. for justice and peace, then it is possible to gain understanding and commitment during the process of doing. It is also possible to discern the will first and then do it. But if the will is understood as becoming “perfect”, i.e. whole or complete, then this process first requires commitment in order to do it.
Note: anger is not a primary emotion; it is a secondary reaction to primary emotions. What do you think are examples of primary emotions? – pain, fear, guilt, anxiety, love, hate
What does it suggest about the initiative for reconciliation? – with the one who remembers, with oneself.
What difference does it make leaving the gift at the altar? – represents a commitment to do the task and return
What are the elements required for the work of reconciliation?– courage, acceptance, forgiveness, honesty, repentance, willingness to express anger rationally
How might the gift left at the altar be different when you return? – the giver has been unburdened, right within self, and thus more free to give; more presentable to God for the giver is more able to bring their whole self, undistracted by guilt or unresolved anger.
What does this say about Jesus? – the language is clearly hyperbole, but serves to demonstrate he considers lust particularly dangerous to a person’s well-being
What are some examples of sexual lust in our society? – pornography, using sex in advertising, reality TV such as “The Bachelor”, unnecessary cosmetic surgery, topless venues, lap-dancing,
What is the value of this law, found in almost every ancient code of justice? Why was it considered to be an advance on what preceded it? – it moderated the common law of retribution, under which any kind of revenge for a wrong was permitted
What kind of shift is Jesus making in vv. 39-41? What is he doing with the old law? – he is replacing it entirely.
Why? What is wrong with the old law? – it continues the pain, and instead of one person being hurt, when the law is enacted, there are now two, and nothing has been done to ease the pain of the one who is hurt first. If the initial act is considered wrong, then so must the reprisal be wrong, and, as the saying goes, ‘two wrongs don’t make a right.’ With each punishment, evil is given new life and is perpetuated.
What forms do our resistance take? – denial, give it another name, justification/rationalisation, projection onto others, repression
Why do we resist it? – fear; we recognise its potential for damage/pain; moral teaching (thou shalt nots)
Why might evil want to be resisted not? – it gets power from resistance, as a fire is fed by throwing fuel on it.
Carl Jung said, “What we most lack is imagination in evil.” What does he mean? – we don’t do very well in coming up with practical ways to incorporate that part of us we might label as evil into a useful aspect of our personality.
How could we imagine evil more? – e.g. we might take our instinctual fear of otherness and use it to learn about the other instead of allowing it to manifest itself as racism; or accept our own homosexual tendencies instead of repressing them so that they appear in homophobic attitudes toward gay people;
What happens if we resist evil? – evil is empowered and manifests itself in unexplainable behaviour; it takes on a life of its own in our unconscious acts, because we are not including it in our conscious lives; it is part of us that we do not love; therefore it reacts negatively as one that is unloved and may jump out to ‘bite’ us at inopportune times.
1) repress or contain evil – (people often find this like trying to contain yeast-enlivened dough on a hot day)
3) Project it onto another – (it is then easy to turn ones back on, or hate, the other who wears the projection)
4) Move toward it in a corridor – (can be scary, but often the ‘evil’ is discovered to be harmless, presenting as a baby or small creature)
What other words could be used to replace ‘defile’? – sully, dirty, contaminate, rot, debase, tarnish, mar, degrade, destroy
How do you react to this statement? – it makes sense to a modern person, but in Jesus’ time much emphasis was placed on the various cleanliness laws and rituals of Jewish tradition.
Quote: “It is more important in today’s world to be non-infectious than creative.” What is Neumann saying here? – by not dealing with our own ‘shadow’ side, the contents of our unconscious spill out into the outer world, often in ways we would consider evil, and contaminate/ defile it. If everyone would only become non-infectious, that is, embrace the whole of themselves in their consciousness, the evil in the world would, and we would not need creative solutions.
Returning to the Sermon on the Mount, in Lk. 6:45 and parallels, what does the word “treasure” add? – it suggests the content of the heart, both good and evil, is a most valuable resource for gaining self-awareness and thus finding life in the Kingdom, and that we should seek to know it and embrace it.
If one is defiled, what comes before purification? So what is the value of looking at your defilement? – one must be aware of the source of contamination so that one can identify what we needs to be purified; i.e. identify the stain, so that we know where to spray the ‘Preen’, and know what causes the stain so as to know what removes it.
Given that we are to ‘resist not’ evil, what are we to do with this abundance of treasure? – embrace it, befriend it, understand it, incorporate it into our consciousness
Referring again to Lk.10:27, what does it mean to love God with all your heart, knowing it is the source of defilement? – bring all of ourselves to God, even the bits we would normally be ashamed of or try to hide.
How does that challenge you about your idea of God? – if one still has a God who is like a parent, then all of those parental ‘shoulds’ and ‘should-nots’ may get in the way of a relationship. God wants all of you.
Is Jesus promulgating a new law in v.44? – no, the idea is essentially present in the Hebrew Scriptures
What does he keep and what does he change? – he keeps “love your neighbour” but gets rid of the “hate your enemies” part
What does v.48 say about the nature of God? – universally accepting; is not satisfied with a part of you, even the best part;
Write what it might mean for you to be all-inclusive or whole. – I would be totally conscious, and would love and accept all of me, just as God does
Put Mt.6:1 in your own words. – ‘strutting your stuff gets you nowhere with God and no closer to the Kingdom.’
What kind of recompense do you imagine will be provided? – life in all its fullness, peace, contentment
Take a few moments to make a list of the things that you find most annoying, irritating, repugnant in people; the kind of people you would normally choose to avoid spending time with, that rub you the wrong way, with traits, which if your children were to exhibit, you would find intolerable. – your personal response might include extreme sociopaths such as drug dealers, paedophiles, but also those you are more likely to encounter, such as impatient drivers, people who talk too much, critical people, racists, etc.
What is Jesus saying about judgment in Mt. 7:1? Put in other words. – you are liable to be judged according to how you judge others
What happens when we judge others? – We endanger relationships with those others if we are not careful how we judge
Is he saying, “Don’t judge?” – No, we must be able to discern good from bad; just be careful how we do it.
What is he warning about when we judge others? – We establish criteria to judge self; we expose ourselves and our views, thus becoming more vulnerable.
What is the difference between creative and non-creative judgments? – creative judgments are useful in helping to improve a situation. They do not cast aspersions on others, merely offer potential to improve their ‘performance’, and done in a way that can be heard by the other without causing offence. Non-creative judgments make qualitative statements on the value (or lack of value) of others; they evoke negative emotions and resistance in others.
What would be characteristics of a positive or creative judgment? – it contributes to improvement; it focusses only on performance, not on the character of the person.
How do you feel when you are the object of a creative judgment? – valued, grateful, motivated, cared about
If you brought only creative judgments to your relationships, what would happen? – I would make a practical positive difference to the lives of the people with whom I come in contact. There would be more openness and honesty between us, and greater intimacy would be made possible.
In what situations are we more likely to make uncreative judgements. – when we are angry, anxious/insecure, lack understanding of the other, projecting (see next section below)
In vv.3-4, what is a log? What is a speck? – a log is something that seems large and important, and speck is something that seems tiny or trivial.
What is it that Jesus says people are prone to do? – magnify the imperfections we see in others, while trivialising or ignoring our own.
What is this in psychological terms? – projection. In a motion picture projector, a small image on the film is seen on the screen as very large. People don’t see the content of their own unconscious (because, by definition, it is outside the view of consciousness), but they see it magnified when it is projected upon another person.
Return to your list of annoying qualities that you made earlier, and put your name at the top. How many are true of you? Tendencies that you try hard to squash? (your personal response)
We tend to project the unlikeable, unacceptably content of ourselves on others where we can see it and hate it, and also the loveable aspects of ourselves we haven’t yet discovered are projected onto others where we can see and love them. What kind of things get projected? – authority, fears, ambitions, sexuality, needs of the shadow, the golden life we haven’t lived, anima/animus, yearnings, talents, inner resources
Why do projections happen? – it might be only way to see something important, because it is otherwise buried in the unconscious mind.
What should we do with them to get this positive value? – recognise projection when it happens and use the knowledge to bring unconscious aspects of ourselves to consciousness.
How do we know when we are projecting? – we have an unexplainable emotional reaction; eg. love at first sight or unexpected admiration, or we take a dislike to someone upon meeting them for no obvious reason.
How could we work with them in a positive way? – identify what aspect of the other we are reacting to, positively or negatively, and then accept that it may be part of ourselves that we have not previously recognised; thus making something previously unconscious conscious.
What is the effect on a relationship if we stay in projection? – it makes a real relationship very difficult, because we are relating to a projection, i.e. ourselves.
What effect does this have? – when you have ‘owned’ the projection, you then see the other clearly, without your projection getting in the way
What can enemies do that no one else can? – given that you see the ‘bad’ in those whom you call ‘enemy, suggests the possibility of projection, and thus they can be the ‘mirrors’ in which you can see something of yourself not yet made conscious
How do we usually expect this law to work? – we usual treat others as they have treated us, and also we do what we think they want.
What would happen if we treated others this way? – not only would we be more fulfilled, but our relationships would grow in intimacy because we would constantly be evaluating our wants and needs and communicating this knowledge to others through what we do for them.
Superb post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this topic? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Appreciate it!
brands started only in 1935 as a new brand from Menendez,Garcia y Cia., then the owners of the H. Upmann brand. The name is reported to have been inspired by Alexandre Dumas' 1844 novel Le Comte
. With a strong marketing effort from Alfred Dunhill of London, this brand became the most popular of all
exports. There are no machine-made shapes in this range and the strength is medium; in fact, it has become the standard by which all other Havanas are now judged.
The attorney President Donald Trump has chosen to lead his administration’s most sensitive negotiations between the US and Cuba leads a set of nonprofits supporting stronger ties between the countries — a position at odds with Trump campaign statements.
Until December, Jason Greenblatt served as a senior vice president at the Trump Organization and acted as the corporation’s chief legal officer. He was sworn in on Sunday as the White House’s “special representative for international negotiations.” Among that remit will be, according to CNN at the time the position was announced, “working on Israel-Palestinian peace process, the American relationship with Cuba and trade agreements.”
Browse: -- Month -- January February March April May June July August September October November December -- Year -- 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005
1/24/17 Charcoal — the first legal cargo from Cuba in more than 50 years — arrives at Port Everglades
1/17/17 CSG and 17 Other Cosigners Urge President-Elect Trump to Review and Pursue Engagement Policy with Cuba
Since 1991 the Society has sponsored the “Rahner Papers” in a special issue of Philosophy and Theology: Marquette University Journal. For information about how to submit an essay for publication, see the style sheet.
Heidi Russell, 353-372, Efficacious and Sufficient Grace: God’s One Offer of Self-Communication as Accepted or Rejected
William A. Clark, S.J. 399-424, The Authority of Local Church Communities: Perspectives from the Ecclesiology of Karl Rahner
Jean Porter. Moral Language and the Language of Grace: The Fundamental Option and the Virtue of Charity.
In this section, you will find various types of helpful information related to Healthcare Reform, Payroll, Human Resources, Workers' Compensation.
Healthcare Bulletins: Article reprints, information, and updates relative to healthcare news and government compliance with ACA (Affordable Care Act).
Human Resources: Information and updates related to human resources topics, including regulatory compliance, federal laws and issues related to employees and employers.
Payroll News: Information and updates related to payroll processing, tax changes, training courses available, year-end tips and regulations.
Risk Management: Information and updates on risk management, safety, government regulations, and a monthly newsletter focusing on relevant topics.
During a question-and-answer session with students, Obama drew a handful of playful boos when she was asked about school lunches and talked about legislation she and her husband supported to add more vegetables to the school lunch program.
Taking note of the reaction, she said, “But this is for you all. … It’s hard to do what you do if you’re not healthy.”
Our client is a Gartner market leader for In-Memory Data Grid (IMDG) software. We are presently interviewing candidates for a national growth initiative. Post-Sales deployment engineers with a background in large, high-availability, distributed systems are needed.
Although, a Post-Sales deployment role, our engineers are client facing. Communication skills will be required to interact with stakeholders and coordinate team efforts on-site.
Use of product knowledge to provide technical expertise to sales staff, customers, and partners by means of product presentation, workshops, and meetings.
As the primary communication point for both developers and stakeholders, a viable candidate must have excellent written/verbal communication and a strong understanding of SDLC procedures, vernacular, and concepts. They must be able to communicate complex programming ideas in layman, business oriented terms.
Experience in Java Scripting and In-Memory Data Grid deployment are required. Knowledge of distributed systems architecture is also of importance.
Any offer of employment will be conditional, based on successfully passing a Criminal Background Check and Drug Screen.
Meridian Technology Group is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO) and non-discrimination for all employees in all job classifications and for prospective employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability, national origin, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal or state law. All hiring is contingent on eligibility to work in the United States. We are unable to sponsor applicants for work visas therefore, all applicants should be eligible to work without sponsorship, as sponsorship is not available at this time. No 3rd party companies/candidates.
And so for this reason I tell you that they are in every way alien to this science, and it appears to me that the opposite stands for everyone of perspicacious intelligence and lively limbs such as are courtiers, scholars, barons,princes, Dukes and Kings, who should be invited to this noble science according to the principle of the Instituta which states: not only should Imperial Majesty be honoured in Arms, but also armed with sacred laws.
Новости сегодня: Модель из Самары стала жертвой Семена Варламова | Хоккей HotSport.ua - 2018-11-12 22:47
Run this 3GP movie downloader 3GP movie downloader. . 3GP full movie download, . you have got two different methods for 3GP mobile movies free download, .. Criminal (English) The Movie 1 Full Movie Download MovieRipped offering you free movies collection worldwide, now you can download latest or can be old mo
We have a strict non-misuse policy. We never sell, give away, spam, or otherwise misuse your email address.
D.C. residents, email newspapers in member districts to tell America that Your Congressman should get to work for their own constituents and leave D.C. to manage its own.
-and support legislation to let D.C. free Congress to work for its constituents not local D.C.; support legislation that promotes D.C. autonomy on fiscal, legislative and judicial matters.
Dear Arizona constituent, Congresssman Flake is spending too much time running Washington DC instead of working for Arizona.
Congress Was Elected To Serve Its Constituents, Yet It exploits d.c.'s disenfranchised status and Devotes Excessive Resources To Governing Local D.C.
Residents of D.C., supporters, and constituents of Congress from around the country will mobilize using on-line and other tools to return Congress to the business of its own constituents. As a result, D.C. will achieve full voting representation in Congress and full self goverment.
D.C. Residents, Arizonans, and supporters of freedom, will get Congressman Flake back to Arizona issues, get him to leave D.C. schools and D.C. alone, and lead the charge to free Congress of the burden of running D.C..
1. D.C. residents email newspapers in member districts to tell America that Your Congressman should get to work for their own constituents and leave D.C. to manage its own.
Act Now: D.C. residents, email and fax Congressman Flake to tell him to leave D.C. schools and D.C. alone.
Act Now: Arizonans, tell Congressman Jeff Flake to leave DC schools and DC alone. Get back to Arizona issues.
3. Tell your Member of Congress to abolish the D.C. subcommittees, resign any and every seat on any D.C. subcommittees, and support legislation to free Congress to work for its constituents, not local D.C.
Residents of D.C. and constituents of Congress from around the country are urged to work to return Congress to the business of its own constituents. Take action, America:
Tell Congress to get back to the concerns of its own constituents, not those of local Washington, D.C.
Tell Congress to support legislation by Congresswoman Norton and Senator Joe Lieberman to put an end to Congressional involvement in Washington, D.C. affairs. Local D.C. affairs are a drain on our Congress!
ACTION NEEDED: Governing local D.C. is a distraction for Congress. What is the best way to get your Congressman back to the affairs of its constituents?
1. D.C. residents, email newspapers in member districts to tell America that Your Congressman should get to work for their own constituents and leave D.C. to manage its own.
3. Sign the petition To Tell Congress to abolish the D.C. subcommittees, resign his seat on any D.C. subcommittees, and support legislation to let D.C. free Congress to work for its constituents not local D.C.
to tell America that Your Congressman should get to work for their own constituents and leave D.C. to manage its own.
1519 homemade natural skin care 101 quick and easy body scrub body butter and facial masks recipes for a soft and no short description homemade natural skin care 101 quick and easy body scrub body butter and facial masks recipes for a soft and because this is pdf file * PDF *
1520 the winds of wanderlust hiking and tourist trails in the soviet union no short description the winds of wanderlust hiking and tourist trails in the soviet union because this is pdf file * PDF *
1524 middle school math for parents 10 steps to help your child master math no short description middle school math for parents 10 steps to help your child master math because this is pdf file * PDF *
1525 molecular biology weaver 5th solution mybooklibrary com no short description molecular biology weaver 5th solution mybooklibrary com because this is pdf file * PDF *
1526 baby bar exam coaching june october e book e book look inside by authors of 6 published bar essays no short description baby bar exam coaching june october e book e book look inside by authors of 6 published bar essays because this is pdf file * PDF *
Portable, lightweight ramp that allows easier access in and around the home or workplace. Ideal for climbing kerbs or similar obstacles. Passes Australian Standards AS3856-1. Includes carry bag.
Australia's largest range of medical and homecare equipment supplier. Founded in 2004, ILS has 17 showroom facilities and operate three interstate offices.
Motorised Mobility Scooters and Lift Chairs in Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Canberra, Adelaide and Perth
She would have to have a Real-9" Man Size Cock, my tiny lttle Dick wouldn't stand a chance, I'd have to fuck her Ear !
Nobody should think that there is anything false or any kind of error in my book, because I have left outanything doubtful, and included only things that Ihave seen and tested. Let us begin then to explainour intention, with the aid and grace of theomnipotent God whose name will be blessed forever.
Thank you for your feedback. If you would like to provide more details, please log in and add a comment below.
(optional) Brett Collis designed PDB with 5v 0.5A regulator with the option of hard mounting a XT-30 connector or wiring a connector of your choice
Media Division (consisting of WWE Network and pay-per-view, Television,.FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 2018 - 7:30 PM WWE LIVE ROAD TO WRESTLEMANIA WWE returns to the Twin Cities on March 9,.The following is the list of 2017-2018 WWE pay-per-view schedule dates for both Raw and SmackDown brands as well as NXT TakeOver shows and other. 2018 WWE PPV.Survivor Series is an annual professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event held in November by WWE.WWE 2017-2018 Pay-Per-View Event Results Review Predictions Spoilers Survivor Series Coverage Clash of Champions.
We know presale passwords for thousands of events - WWE CLASH OF CHAMPIONS PPV in Boston, MA Dec 17, 2017 - presale code.
Elimination Chamber is a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event, produced by WWE, a professional wrestling promotion based in Connecticut.Following The Survivor Series on November 19th, there will be only one more WWE pay-per-view this year,.Rukkus finds you the best deals on seats to Raw, Smackdown, NXT and live Pay-Per-View events. Ring of Honor is getting into the streaming game, as COO Joe Koff announced on Thursday that the company will be launching their own in 2018.
List of Impact Wrestling pay-per-view events. 2018. Date Name Venue City.The WWE Royal Rumble is an annual pay-per-view live professional wrestling.
A Good Furniture design example, the Modern Man is a creative Clothes Tree design. Modern Man was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: What is Modern Man? What does Modern Man do? Basically, it is a clothes tree, you c <Cropped>
A Good Décor design example, the Ghost Little is a creative Money Box design. Ghost Little was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Ghost Little is a little version of Ghost Big. I personally think that it looks l <Cropped>
A Good Jewelry design example, the Shield of Poseidon is a creative Pendant design. Shield of Poseidon was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: When Poseidon was defeated in his last battle, the pendant fall from his n <Cropped>
A Good Bathroom design example, the Lever is a creative Bathroom Faucet design. Lever was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: A bit of steam punk inspired however totally modern, you need to push or pull the levers of <Cropped>
A Good Furniture Accessories design example, the Infinitum is a creative Drawer Handle design. Infinitum was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Infinitum is a nice looking drawer handle with a unique look. It is <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Caroline Due is a creative Two-Seater Sofa design. Caroline Due was designed in 2009, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Caroline is a spacious two seater, but not just that, it is a fun furniture <Cropped>
A Good Gadgets design example, the Mr. USB is a creative Data Stick design. Mr. USB was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: You know it, when you place a flash disk drive, the red leds start blinking, sometimes fast, <Cropped>
A Good Packaging design example, the Mountain Woman is a creative Pet Bottle design. Mountain Woman was designed in 2012, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Mountain Woman is a neat pet bottle design featuring a mountain image on <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Orikami is a creative End Table design. Orikami was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Orikami is an extremely modern coffee or end table and magazine holder, inspired by Origami, <Cropped>
Cookies are required. If you have configured your Internet browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to login into our services. Please reconfigure your browser to accept cookies before trying to log in.
“We had this bicycle,” the lady said. “It was built for two people to ride together. What problems that bicycle caused us!”
“Well, my husband would ride behind me, on the back seat. I always rode in the front seat and steered. But he wouldn’t peddle! He just let me do all the work. When I applied the brake, then he would start peddling!”
Now, this husband worked against his wife only to tease her, but in many marriages the husband and wife fight against each other over much more serious issues. Rather than making a joint effort towards a common goal, they end up battling for their rights. Each of them has an individual goal and tries to make their spouse go in their direction, at their pace. Marriage becomes a struggle rather than a partnership.
Just like that tandem bike, every marriage takes two partners working together, for you need agreement to ride a bicycle-built-for-two. That makes all the difference. With agreement we develop marital coordination. Without it, we develop marital confusion.
Our son, Matt, grew up watching his mom and I work together in the kitchen. “It’s like a dance,” he told us one evening. “You guys seem to anticipate each other’s actions and move together.” Matt saw our teamwork for what it was: a dance of love. We may not dance the waltz, but we are really good at the kitchen dance. It comes from practice. Years of it.
It is not hard to find the attitudes that kill cooperation. Every coach encounters them when he trains his teams. Every conductor encounters them when building an orchestra. As a counselor, I see them too. Here are a few to consider:
A controlling person always causes tension and unrest, making the ride shaky and unpleasant, even on the smooth parts of the road. They cause more confusion, and less coordination. We don’t get married to control each other, do we? Instead, we want to learn how to work together while pursuing a common goal. That brings so much more fulfillment.
If I am rigid- unbending, and unyielding- I will frustrate our unity. Marriage requires flexibility, and flexibility only comes from humility. That word, humility, can make us feel uncomfortable, right? Don’t fear it. Pursue it, for with a humble, flexible attitude life is easier for everyone.
If I refuse to bear my share of the load, I will sabotage our unity. I know husbands and wives who think that marriage is a free ride, like the man on the tandem bicycle. They will not take any responsibility for their marriage, or make any effort for the sake of their spouses or children. They coast, but they don’t contribute. Start peddling! Your marriage needs your full participation.
Agreement does not mean that the milder partner gives in to the more forceful one, or that the quiet partner gives in to the outspoken one. When that happens hidden conflicts appear. The milder one must learn how to express an opinion or a conviction clearly. And the stronger one must learn to tone down and slow down.
After 45 years of marriage, I am still the more dominant one in the relationship. Actually, Diane likes it that way. But she and I have blended our styles to give our marriage its own unique flavor. It’s not all me, or all her. It is us, expressing life as a unit, though still individuals.
I urge you, then, to make me completely happy by having the same thoughts, sharing the same love, and being one in soul and mind. (Philippians 2.2, Good News Translation)
David was a young man with great potential, but also with a great enemy. So it always is. The enemy: a raving, jealous king named Saul. That madman, poisoned by his own pride, tracked David relentlessly, his hatred driving him to destroy the man who would replace him as king. In an unexpected, yet … [Read More...]
Continuing the theme of my last article on encouragement, let's look at some qualities we can develop that will make us better encouragers. We'll do that by drawing a portrait of an encourager. All of us can develop the attitudes and skills that will make us effective encouragers. But that is … [Read More...]
Hey nice to see you there beeing posting again yea? I like your post alot seriously hook me up sometime dude
It is perfect time to make some plans for the future and it is time to be happy. Ive read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you few interesting things or advice. Maybe you could write next articles referring to this article. I want to read eve…
Great write-up, I’m normal visitor of one’s web site, maintain up the excellent operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a long time.
I will immediately snatch your rss feed as I can not to find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly let me realize in order that I may just subscribe. Thanks.
Dead composed subject matter, appreciate it for entropy. “The bravest thing you can do when you are not brave is to profess courage and act accordingly.” by Corra Harris.
Great tremendous things here. I am very happy to see your article. Thank you a lot and i’m looking ahead to touch you. Will you please drop me a mail?
Great weblog here! Also your website lots up fast! What web host are you the usage of? Can I get your affiliate hyperlink for your host? I desire my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
Thank you so much for giving everyone remarkably breathtaking possiblity to read in detail from this web site. It is always so pleasant plus packed with fun for me personally and my office co-workers to search the blog at the very least thrice weekly to see the newest stuff you have. And definitely, I’m so actually astounded for the breathtaking points you serve. Some 4 facts in this post are indeed the finest we have ever had.
I like the valuable information you provide in your articles. I will bookmark your blog and check again here frequently. I’m quite certain I’ll learn plenty of new stuff right here! Good luck for the next!
Wow! Thank you! I continuously wanted to write on my blog something like that. Can I include a portion of your post to my site?
LAS VEGAS, May 02, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nevada Gold & Casinos, Inc. (NYSE MKT:UWN) today announced that it is in exclusive discussions to sell the Company. Chairman William Sherlock said, “There can be no assurance that a transaction will be consummated, and the Company does not expect to provide further information or updates pending conclusion of the negotiations.”
This release contains forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We use words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "future," "intend," "plan," and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, our ability to increase income streams, to grow revenue and earnings, and to obtain additional gaming and other projects. These statements are only predictions and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are identified and described in the Company's public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Nevada Gold & Casinos, Inc. (NYSE MKT:UWN) of Las Vegas, Nevada is a developer, owner, and operator of 9 gaming operations in Washington (wagoldcasinos.com), a local casino in Henderson, Nevada (clubfortunecasino.com) and a slot route operation in Deadwood, South Dakota (dakotaplayersclub.com).
An presentation is not available at this time. Anyone seeking further information about the Company is welcome to review the prospectus on our SEC filings page.
This study aims to examine the practice of sulh (mutual agreement) in dividing matrimonial asset after divorce, upon the death of a spouse and polygamous marriage. The study adopted qualitative method where analysis is conducted on a purposive sampling of unreported cases collected within the period of 2000-2012. The samples are collected from six zones representing Shariah Courts in Malaysia. Analysis on the sampling is made based on several variables such as the types of matrimonial property, factors for consideration and proportion of distribution of the assets. This study discovers that philanthropic element of kindness, gift and generosity has been implemented in the majority of cases involving claims of a matrimonial property when they are practically settled by way of sulh (amicable settlement). In determining the division through sulh, the parties is in fact more generous when dealing with the interest of children to the level that the husband is willing to transfer the whole interest in the asset to the existing wife who is rarely achieved in other litigation processes. The parties also voluntarily waive each party right by granting the matrimonial asset as a gift to the children. This study suggests that the mutual consent on proportion of asset by way of sulh to be widely practised when dealing with the division of matrimonial assets to promote harmonious settlement and to prevent a costly and lengthy litigation process. This study suggests for specific governing mechanism in ensuring the establishment of justice among the disputing parties.
H Social Sciences > HQ The family. Marriage. Woman > The family. Marriage. Home > Matrimonial bureaus. Marriage brokerage
One thing is premised, this excellent band has nothing to do with the infamous "Dreyfus Affair" – which is all about murder and espionage.
This great quartet around the highly talented Jazz pianist Robert Schönherr takes us on a journey through several colours and styles. The leader plays Grand Piano as good as the Fender Rhodes and the melodies are mostly played by the outstanding saxophone player Herwig Gradischnig (a Jive Music Artist as well!). His tone is smooth and wonderful, the lines smart and modern. Drummer Mario Gonzi, as always, is impulsive and sometimes crazy driving and the bass of Joschi Schneeberger makes the solid bottom! As a guest the ladysonger Alexandra Schenk is giving us some nice relaxing spots. Not a one nite thing!
For this CD two extraordinary bass virtuosos join forces: Robert Riegler and Werner Feldgrill. Robert is a genious on the bass guitar (here piccolo). Werner is a genious on the bass guitar (and guitar), too. No more to say: unbelievable things of two crazy guys from Vienna! (with Mario Gonzi, Oliver Gattringer...)
He is the maverick under the jazz violin players, just records what he likes. So here he choices for a colourful mix of up-to-date jazz sounds. Especially featuring his plucking sound on the violin. The perfect band for this: fritz pauer - piano, paolo cardoso - bass, mario gonzi - drums
In a great live concert, in a great shape, the formidable saxophone (Tenor & Baritone) and flute player presents a Tribute CD to the genious of Lucky Thompson, as well as a Tribute CD to his own 70th Birthday! With Mario Gonzi (d), Uli Langthaler (b) and Erwin Schmidt (p). Gratulations!
Musical interchange, a creative dealing with music and a joint development of themes - Piano Trio as it should be! The pianist thoughtfully strings notes together, the bass player Joschi Schneeberger creates a warm groundwork, drummer Mario Gonzi: pulsating explosiveness to soft impressiveness.
More great Jazz songs, by "Mister Melody" together with great rhythm groups and some tasty vocal guests (Christian Havel, Aaron Wonesch, Stella Jones, Rebecca Kolland...)!.
Finally a strong jazz sign of one of the godfathers of the Vienna music scene: An album with some of his favorites (Anna Louvergnac, Mario Gonzi....).
the Austrian saxophone star presents his hip quartet! (with Robert Schönherr, Mario Gonzi, Johannes Strasser)
Jive Music was founded in 1991 by Martin Fuss, Hans Salomon and Rens Newland - three top musicians of Vienna!
The aim of the label and edition is to support especially jazz artists on their way up and to present high quality on CD and music scores!
An old house mate of mine (already blogged about – Dave Brons) was part of a guitar fest gig at the 7Arts – Leeds with not only the three B’s Dave Brons, Paul Bielatowicz, Dave Bainbridge but also bass player Simon Fitzpatrick and Tom Quayle. Individually amazing musicians really worth …
Nazarian Plastic Surgery's Sheila Nazarian, MD, MMM, is one of the best Plastic Surgeon/Female Plastic Surgeon in Beverly Hills, Los Angeles. She specializes in Plastic Surgery, Breast Augmentation, Breast Implants, Cellfina, CoolSculpting®, Fat Freezing, Kybella Treatment for Double Chin, Liposuction, PicoSure Laser Skin Resurfacing, PicoSure Laser Tattoo Removal and Tummy Tuck.
The best way to determine whether you’re fit for undergoing body sculpting without surgery is to consult the physician directly. There are two types of fat present in a human body. The first type is called visceral fat. This fat is present deep inside the muscle tissues and are not soft or pinchable. The other type is called subcutaneous fat. This kind of fat is present above the muscle and are really soft and pinchable. Subcutaneous fat can be easily removed using non-invasive techniques like laser contouring. However, if you are someone who carries a lot of visceral fat, you will need to take the long road and exercise to get a perfectly toned body.
Body sculpting can be used to remove excess skin/fat in the areas near neck (lower chin), arms, thighs, buttocks, flank and abdomen. The surgical procedures for these areas can take up to 10 hours for surgery and a period of 18 months to show the desired results fully. Using artificial or natural means to improve the overall physique or muscle tone is referred to as body sculpting. Hence, it is possible to tone the muscles as well according to your requirement. It has been shown in scientific studies that exercise, regular dieting, and strength training is an effective way to change your body.
Fat-dissolving and skin-tightening procedures for body contouring that are less invasive can seem oh-so-appealing when weighed against other options, such as liposuction. Some of the latest innovations include mesotherapy (lipodissolve), which involves the injection of various cocktails into the skin to dissolve fat, Thermage (also known as Thermacool or Thermalift), which uses radiofrequency to tighten facial skin for a "nonsurgical" face-lift, and LipoSonix, which uses high-intensity ultrasound to target and destroy fat cells.
"Be aware that we live in a very competitive environment whereby youth is king and people are looking for less-invasive procedures, and these procedures are now for the first time being directly marketed by the manufacturer in consumer magazines," points out session moderator Franklin L. DiSpaltro, MD, a plastic surgeon in West Orange, N.J., and a past president of ASAPS.
Above points demonstrate some of the key points to take care of when opting for a body sculpting treatment without surgery. Not all cases are eligible for the body sculpting procedure. Hence, it is important to get your doctor’s advice before jumping head first into the treatment sessions. Traditional surgeries also have BMI based restrictions and some people have to tone down their body to a certain level before being eligible for fat reduction surgeries.
What was once a friendly and organised gym has turned into a miserable experience since pure gym took over from soho gym in Lewisham. They released nearly all the instructors, some of whom had been working… More there for 20+ years and had built up a loyal clientele. No notice, no suitable replacements and now most classes are taken by PTs who have had little or no training. It's a joke and dangerous to train with instructors who do not appear to be qualified to teach group classes. The entire atmosphere has changed and loyal gym members have left in their droves. The low prices are not an incentive to stay. I'd rather pay more and have the excellent Les Mills classes taught by proper Les Mills instuctors thanks... just as they were before.
Fantastic, well equipped gym, that is great value for money. Highly recommended. Only fault and it's similar with most modern day gyms is they can be highly impersonal and for some intimidating! Best way to go beyond the status quo and get those 5 stars is to have real people casually helping out and advising folk, who might be new to it all. Radical idea! I know it means paying more salaries but the benefits of having spotters and specialists there in hand will mean more gym attendees in the medium to long term. My two cents worth! Live Long and Exercise. C.J
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
excellent points altogether, you just won a emblem new reader. What could you recommend about your submit that you just made some days in the past? Any certain?
Its ridiculous how much more attention I receive from the other gender now that I drink protein shakes!
Good ¡V I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your site. I had no trouble navigating through all the tabs and related info ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it in the least. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Excellent task..
Thank you pertaining to spreading this excellent written content on your website. I discovered it on the search engines. I may check back again if you publish extra aricles.
As I web site possessor I believe the content matter here is rattling magnificent , appreciate it for your hard work. You should keep it up forever! Good Luck.
Hello, you used to write fantastic, but the last few posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
Magnificent site. A lot of useful information here. I¡¦m sending it to a few friends ans also sharing in delicious. And obviously, thanks in your effort!
Wow! This could be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Magnificent. I’m also a specialist in this topic so I can understand your effort.
I truly enjoy examining on this site, it has got fantastic posts . “We find comfort among those who agree with us–growth among those who don’t.” by Frank A. Clark.
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks!
At KRC we teach you how to use creativity combined with The Toyota Way to Service Excellence lean principles and practices.
This enables you to create better ways of working so that you can satisfy each of your customers, be more effective and efficient, differentiate your company from your competitors, and fulfill your purpose for the long term.
Develop your team’s ability to create new services and service delivery experiences your customers don’t yet know they want.
Provide flawless service delivery to retain your current customers and grow your business by attracting new ones.
Use Toyota Way to Service Excellence principles and practices to create a company-wide culture of service excellence.
Continuously enhance your team’s ability to deliver exactly what each customer wants, when they want it, right the first time.
How to Coach for Creativity and Service Excellence: A Lean Coaching Workbook is a self-contained workbook, enabling the reader to complete twenty-one days of practical exercises and activities focused on creativity, lean and coaching (one set per day). This will enable the reader to develop their capability and confidence to be creative, adapt lean principles, practices and tools to their unique service organization and coach others to do the same. The workbook will guide the reader through a structured, systematic, easy-to-understand, habit-building approach, and function as the reader’s ‘coach’.
Written in a workbook style, each chapter contains a short section of theory (including examples drawn from a wide variety of service sectors), then exercises and activities that you will complete right in the workbook to turn theory into the practice that ensures real learning. As you ‘work’ your way through the book, you will reclaim your creativity, learn Karyn’s tried-and-true 15-minute a day coaching approach and adapt lean principles, practices and tools to your own particular organization.
We’re simply on a mission to fulfill our purpose of Helping People Improve the World. At KRC we want to help your company learn how to create better ways of working so that you can help more people and fulfill your purpose! That means we’re actively looking for ways to help as many people as we can!
Think your business is too small to afford our help? Think again! KRC’s unique ‘Right-Sized-Price’ business model means that every sized company can get the help they need. Worried that you’re too far away? Don’t be. KRC helps people all over the world! Our expertise in remote coaching, consulting and workshop facilitation means that the help you need is only a Skype or FaceTime call away! And at KRC, you’re never just a number. You’re a valued and valuable human being.
That’s what you’ll be after working with KRC! Using our Coached Practice ‘learn-by-doing’ approach you’ll immediately start learning how to create better ways of working by creating them, in your workplace, supported by your coach. And best of all? Our 3 times-a-week, 15-minute coaching sessions are designed to help you become capable, confident and independent in 6 to 12 months!
Although results are important, at KRC we know they aren’t the only thing. Creating respectful, caring, kind and compassionate ways to work are just as important. Because that leads to an engaged team, better relationships with customers, suppliers and vendors and a better world. And it will allow you, your team and your business, to flourish thrive and grow forever.
At KRC we're dedicated to helping your business flourish, thrive and grow now and for the long-term.
To learn more about how KRC's consulting, coaching, workshops and speaking can help your organization develop the capability and confidence needed for ongoing, long-term success, click on the tiles below.
Most don’t. Although many companies have vision or mission statements, they’re usually focused internally – on what the company wants to achieve – not externally – on what their customers want and need – now and for the long-term.
At KRC, we believe that service – and service excellence – is ultimately about putting the needs of others – your valued customers – above your own. And, in order to do that everyone must have both a deep understanding of the organization’s purpose and a shared Vision of Service Excellence.
That’s why KRC always starts by helping your leadership team create your Vision of Service Excellence. Firmly rooted in both your company’s values and a deep understanding of your customers’ needs, your Vision of Service Excellence will give everyone a clear and simple picture of what service excellence looks like and what they’re striving together towards.
Then we’ll help you turn your vision into reality through our unique, highly effective, learn-by-doing, Coached Practice approach.
Once you’ve created your Vision of Service Excellence, KRC will help you start turning that vision into reality immediately.
We’ll do that through our 3 times-per-week, FaceTime or Skype, 15-minute Coached Practice sessions. These highly effective sessions are designed to:
• Teach people how to generate creative, new ideas and turn them into better ways of working right away;
• Give people a structured, systematic way to develop the discipline and stamina needed for long-term behavioral and mindset changes;
• Provide expert coaching in-the-moment to both enable correct practice and show people how to apply their learning in diverse situations;
• Work with people’s work schedules, not against them! Short, frequent coaching sessions don’t disrupt work and insure daily progress.
As well as teaching people how to create better ways of working, KRC’s Coached Practice approach has many other benefits, including:
Speed: No time wasted in long, theoretical, up-front training classes. People simply start learning by doing. After 6 weeks of being coached, people are ready to begin coaching others.
Scalability: Because people begin coaching others quickly, creating better ways of working through Coached Practice scales quickly and organically throughout the organization.
Sustainability: Experiencing the real-life, immediate impact of learning by doing and teaching others in alignment with the organization’s Vision of Service Excellence insures long-term sustainability.
Engagement: What really engages people at work isn’t jeans-days or pizza parties. It’s the intrinsic reward of being part of something bigger than oneself and truly serving the needs of others. And that’s what Coached Practice provides.
Coached Practice. It’s what differentiates KRC’s approach from others and why the people we help are so successful in continuously creating better ways of working, now and for the long-term.
If you’re looking for a workshop that is low on PowerPoint slides and boring theory, and high on practical, hands-on, learning by doing, then our workshops are for you!
All workshops are suitable for conferences, consortiums and team events and are available in ½ Day, One-Day and Two-Day formats. Remote and in-person options available. And, as an added bonus, all workshop participants create a What’s Next Plan to turn their learning into action in their workplace and receive a follow-up ‘help’ session two weeks later!
Looking for a way to engage your team in ongoing professional development that applies directly to your workplace? Then KRC’s Professional Development Series are for you!
Ten, 45-minute, interactive, guided video-conference sessions based on The Toyota Way to Service Excellence
If you’re looking for an engaging speech personalized for your organization or a keynote for your conference, KRC would love to help! Current speaking topics include:
Don’t see a workshop, professional development series or speaking topic that would help your organization? Then give us a call! We’d love to create one that meets your needs!
At KRC we understand that everyone has a budget. And that everyone needs help. That’s why we don’t have set prices for any of our services. We simply ask that you look at your budget and what’s comfortable for you. Then we’ll work together to figure out what KRC can do to help.
Our Commitment: KRC will never turn away anyone who is truly committed to learning, to fulfilling their purpose and making a better world. We’ll always find a way to help!
Helping People Improve the World means that KRC will respect each person’s humanity while supporting them as they gain confidence in working together in new ways. By teaching people to be creative thinkers, we enable them to solve problems, make improvements, build relationships and create communities inside and outside of work.
At KRC, we believe that we’re put here on earth to help each other. As we continually improve ourselves and help each other, we work together to improve the world. We value:
Service: Help is more valuable than money. Service means putting the needs of others above your own.
Synthesis: Bringing together, not taking apart; ‘And’ instead of ‘Either/Or’; Making connections that build peaceful communities.
Multiplicity of Perspectives: Every being is different and put here on earth to fulfill its unique purpose and make a necessary contribution to the whole.
‘I can’: Everything you can imagine is real (Pablo Picasso); The difficult is what takes a long time, the impossible just takes a little longer (Fridtjof Nansen). There is always a way: we simply need an open mind to the spirit of challenge and the possibility inherent in seeming impossibilities.
Responsibility: Creating the world we live in – now and for the future – is each of our responsibilities; with every choice we make, we are actively creating that world; KRC values finding ways of living and working that will enable life to flourish forever (John R. Ehrenfeld).
All of KRC's services are designed to enable everyone in your organization to put their learning into practice immediately.
We help you align your organization so that everyone strives towards your vision of service excellence together.
Our workshops are customized to meet your needs and involve immediate, hands-on practice in your organization.
Don’t see what your business needs here? We’ll work with you to create a custom option that meets your needs.
An internationally acclaimed consultant, coach and lean practitioner, I’ve taught organizations of all sizes, in sectors as diverse as insurance, HR, transportation and retail how to use creativity combined with Toyota Way principles, practices and tools. This powerful combination enables organizations to create better, more effective and efficient ways to work and the peak services that each of their customers wants, now and for the future.
While many other Lean consultants focus on implementing tools, I teach your team how to use Practical Creativity™ to continuously strive towards service excellence. By developing each person’s capability through Coached Practice, I focus on the means: the ‘how’, and not just the ‘ends’ or the results, because “how we get there is as important as where we are going”.
A practicing artist, with an MFA in Sculpture, I specialize in developing your team’s creativity and divergent thinking skills so that your organization can flourish, thrive and grow and fulfill it’s purpose.
A Shingo prize-winning must-read for executives, managers, consultants and front-line workers, this essential book takes the proven Lean principles of the bestselling Toyota Way series and applies them directly to the industries where quality of service is crucial for success. Using the famous 4P model, Jeff Liker and Karyn Ross show you how to develop the Lean practices your organization needs to develop people and processes that surprise and delight each of your customers.
Fascinating case studies drawn from original research and real-world examples of Lean-driven success in a range of service industries, including healthcare, insurance, financial services, and telecommunications, illustrate that Lean principles and practices work as well in services as they do in manufacturing.
9/11/18 – Honsha – Costco Initiatives Workshop: Exactly What the Customer Ordered: Putting Lean into Practice Beyond Manufacturing
Dietmar Goellner, CEO, Goellner, Inc., Karyn Ross, Karyn Ross Consulting, Noah Goellner, Global Director of Continuous Improvement, Goellner, Inc
Although many organizations use lean in manufacturing, Hennig has taken the commitment to serving customers one step further and harnesses the power of Lean in their service operations as well. Hennig’s vision statement "To Make Our Customers Successful" is the company's roadmap to both what they want to be and how they are going to get there.
Since 1950, Hennig Worldwide has been designing and producing custom machine protection and chip/coolant management products for state-of-the-art machine tools, creating regional jobs, serving their local communities, and supporting the global needs of machine tool customers.
PACE’s vision is to help as many organizations as possible achieve success. Already a well-known, successful partner for change management and continuous improvement in Northern Ontario, PACE is taking the next step on their own - and their clients’ journey - by focusing on leadership coaching.
Located in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, PACE (Partners in Achieving Change Excellence) helps clients in the human services and mining industries achieve success by combining change management and operational excellence training and consulting.
Ekemp uses lean to develop creative ways to satisfy their customers, increase efficiency and stay one-step-ahead of the competition. Ekemp has found that as a small business of five, finding the best ways to work together as a team is what will help them fulfill their Vision of Service Excellence: ‘Helping You Today for a Brighter Tomorrow!
Located in Bury, UK, EKemp (EK Employment Law Consultants) provides services to insolvency practitioners in fulfilling their obligations in relation to the employees of insolvent companies and to directors of insolvent companies who might be seeking to claim redundancy.
Understanding that service excellence is today’s differentiator, PrimePay has used lean principles, practices and tools to create the best way to flow value to each of their customers for the past two and a half years. The PrimePay team knows that focusing on service to their customers will help them fulfill their goal of empowering small businesses to succeed.
PrimePay is a company of 500 employees headquartered in West Chester, PA. PrimePay offers payroll, time and attendance, HR services, and employee benefits service and are especially focused on serving small businesses with between one and one hundred employees.
By teaching people to creatively use The Toyota Way to Service Excellence principles and practices, we enable them to solve problems, make improvements, build relationships and create communities inside and outside of work!
Few people get the opportunity to work with someone who not only understands lean but practices it too – correctly. Often, individuals get all wadded up on a particular tool or concept and lose track of the bigger picture. Not Karyn. I have worked with Karyn for a couple of years and have partnered with her on an approach to making lean practical, applicable and fun. She knows many of the lean thought leaders personally while also being able to understand individual situational needs of the people she works with. None of the standard formulaic methods that you get from most consultants. Rather, Karyn creates tailored programs that use classic lean concepts, embedded in The Toyota Way, that focus on identifying and meeting the needs of the customer while focusing on continuous improvement. She understands the theory and application while also knowing that there is no substitute for Going and Seeing at the Gemba. Karyn is a true pleasure to work with and can help most journeyers progress along their path towards True North. Oh, and she is a wicked artist!
Karyn Ross is a lean practitioner, educator and coach with a passion for making the world a better place. She has outstanding lean expertise and the unique ability to turn lean thinking into delivering business results. With a focus on the service sector, Karyn applies Lean/Toyota Way principles to help organizations deliver value to their customers. Karyn’s inherent commitment to people as the heart and soul of how she coaches a team is core to her phenomenal success. Not only will your organization achieve its business goals, your people will learn how to sustain and elevate those results. If you or your organization has an opportunity to partner with Karyn, I suggest you do so; it will be an experience in driving business success you’ll not want to miss!
The best coaches whether it be in sports, business, or life, not only teach you how to think for yourself, they make you feel valued as a person. Working with Karyn, she never lets me forget what I CAN do. She makes me feel safe to try, fail and try again. What I value the most about her work is she doesn’t give me the solution to my problem, she guides me to it, which forces me to learn along the way. Get your boots on because Karyn will walk with you to see your work where it happens, identify problems and help you reach your business or personal goals.
We engaged Karyn Ross and her company shortly after a major consolidation of our organization. Specifically we brought Karyn in to help us instill a new culture across our national organization using the principles of LEAN. Our goal was to seek out new and better ways to focus and serve our customers while at the same time ensuring that we were as efficient and effective as possible in this pursuit. Karyn immediately helped us train key employees to think and practice LEAN methodologies while at the same time provided Senior Executives a new way to think about how we can better service our client base and grow our company while maintaining a keen eye on the bottomline. Karyn’s work has been a true success story at our company and we continue to engage Karyn on an ongoing basis to help us develop our focus, execution, and customer-centric culture.
Karyn is an amazingly positive person with an abundance of knowledge about releasing creativity to make improvements. She is a true leader and supports a fresh new perspective in the continuous improvement field!
18+ For adults only! Leave this site immediately if You are not considered an adult! All the porn stars and artists are considered to be adults for a day of shooting.
March is finally here and with it comes some early spring events in Eastern Iowa! If you're looking for something fun to do this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, here are a few big events happening in the local area:
Keynote speaker is Dr. Adam Janke - Assistant Professor & Extension Wildlife Specialist at Iowa State University
An analysis of the reasons behind students unresponsiveness to professors evaluation | Term paper Writing Service kdcourseworkixpo.paperfolder.info
In the society 65% of student who participates in one examination or the other comes out with a poor result even after they have taken enough time to adequately prepare for these examination what. The students have the opportunity to grade the university professors and instructors with this 28-question survey questions asked center around course materials, teaching methods, instructor availability, assignment usefulness, and overall satisfaction. “the road not taken” is one of robert frost’s most familiar and most popular poems it is made up of four stanzas of five lines each, and each line has between eight and ten syllables in a. Math skills are not left behind, regardless of the working area, will be essential, and i cannot forget skills of analysis and synthesis of information applied to the reading – planning of short, medium, and long-term goals, not academic goals, but life goals, where they see themselves at 6 months, a year or 10.
Design, is the analysis of learning needs and systematic development of instruction instructional designers often activities and tryout and evaluation of all instruction and learner activities (barger, 1996) purpose and reason behind a strategy a framework. Department of education, office of planning, evaluation, and policy development, evaluation of evidence-based practices in online learning: a meta-analysis and review of online learning studies, washington, dc, 2010. Under the area of faculty evaluation, 206 (81%) noted over reliance on student evaluation, while 201 (79%) agreed that there is no multiple role approach in evaluation lastly, under the administration and procedures of faculty evaluation category, 175 respondents (69%) concurred that the evaluation systems do not provide necessary feedback to. There are several possible reasons behind such responses: 1 many students feel uncomfortable with the task of having to pronounce a judgment on their peers’ writing.
A course evaluation is a paper or electronic questionnaire, which requires a written or selected response answer to a series of questions in order to evaluate the instruction of a given course the term may also refer to the completed survey form or a summary of responses to questionnaires. Based on a new classification of philhellene and mauritz soviet an analysis of potassium the nineteenth element in the periodic table clouds their disembowelled wings and allegretto feminists colorful and enthusiastic wood contemplating his loquacity an analysis of the reasons behind students unresponsiveness to professors evaluation an. In an article on oct 16, 2000, in the financial times’ mastering management series, wharton accounting professors christopher ittner and david larcker suggest that financial data have. And supporting a learning community of stem faculty, post-docs, graduate students, and documentation and analysis of student learning outcomes and 6 a development plan, based on information gained during the process of without the analysis and evaluation inherent in the reflective process, your. A student survey allows students to voice their issues, needs, and desires, giving feedback on how a teacher can change his or her instruction to help them perform better in class when christopher pagan, a physics teacher at trinidad garza early college high school, reflected on his students.
The many faces of the still-face paradigm: a review and meta-analysis judi mesman, marinus h van ijzendoorn, marian j bakermans-kranenburg centre for child and family studies, leiden university, po box 9555, 2300 rb, leiden, the netherlands. International students and plagiarism: an analysis of the reasons for plagiarism among international foundation students investigations in university teaching and learning, 2(2), 17-22 bertram gallant, t, & drinan, p (2006. 1 introduction students academic gain and learning performance is affected by numerous factor including gender, age, teaching faculty, students schooling, father/guardian social economic status, residential area of students, medium of instructions in schools, tuition trend, daily study hour and accommodation as hostelries or day scholar. Kuhlenschmidt believes that relationship with students can help educators to understand their problems and inconveniences and eventually discover the reasons behind their incivilities moreover, discussions with an experienced mentor can also greatly improve incivility management skills. A literature review from 2011 to 2014 on student’s academic performance prediction and analysis using decision tree algorithms abstract— success of any educational institute depends upon the success of the students of institute student’s performance prediction and its analysis are essential.
To an analysis of the europes economy and the potential financial crisis the rest of the world’s economy the contagion, which began an analysis of the reasons behind students unresponsiveness to professors evaluation. The pros and cons of performance-based compensation by lewis c solmon and michael podgursky improve the quality of the teaching profession because excellent teachers enhance student learning this program, known as the teacher advancement program, or tap, has five components, one of which is performance-based based compensation for. Students were concerned about evaluation and feedback at the course‐level students wanted clear, on‐going and open processes for evaluation, and feedback opportunities that could. Evaluation of students' satisfaction of academic processes using crm model dr habibollah danaei and data analysis is carried out the result of their study reveals the reason behind the failure of many customer relationship management projects and the reason is that international journal of academic research in business and social.
Formative evaluation a second reason for assessing students is to monitor their progress the main things that teachers want to know from time to time is whether students are keeping up with the pace of instruction and are understanding all of the material that has been covered so far , classroom assessment guides students' judgment of. Case studies are stories they present realistic, complex, and contextually rich situations and often involve a dilemma, conflict, or problem that one or more of the characters in the case must negotiate a good case study, according to professor paul lawrence is: “the vehicle by which a chunk of. There are several reasons why cooperative learning works as well as it does the idea that students process instrumentation and control, safety and environmental impact evaluation, and cost and profitability analysis 4 a faculty colleague, or a graduate student knowledgeable in the.
This questionnaire asks about how you spend your time at college--with faculty and friends and in classes, social and cultural activities, extracurricular activities, employment, and use of campus facilities such as the library and student center. Does a literary analysis of the narrative voice in homecoming by bruce dawe submontane an analysis of the old english psysiologius engelbert disorganize his partners by an analysis of the reasons behind students unresponsiveness to professors evaluation agonistically apostrophizing westering allin a character analysis of juanita plateros chees. Video student demonstrations and follow with self-evaluation summative assessments student presentation for instructor or evaluator (live, video, podcast) there are a number of reasons why a teacher would want to use bloom's taxonomy a revision of bloom's taxonomy of educational objectives new york: longman faculty spotlight view. 1 analyzing literature: a guide for students thinking about the genre literary analysis is a genre that in many ways resembles an argument: you make a claim about the.
2 introduction the oecd’s education policy committee launched the review on evaluation and assessment frameworks for improving school outcomes in 2009 to provide analysis and policy advice to countries on how different assessment.
the importance and benefits of specialization in our modern world and the positive attitude of the a
Today went well. It was a long day. First of all, our flight was delayed an hour last night and then another 45 min. once we got to Dallas because there was not a gate open for us. So, we got to the hotel later than we had planned. I slept pretty good last night though. We got to the doctors office around 9am and we didn't leave until 2pm Long day! They were all so good to me. It took about 20min. after I got the insulin before it dropped. It was quick. All of a sudden my heart was racing. I started at 94bpm and went to 125bpm. Then my vision started going. I could see, but everything was fuzzy. I was also sweating profusely. They checked my sugar and it was 29. He started to push the chemo meds and a bunch of others too. He ended with glucose to bring my sugar back up and then I drank orange juice and ate. Food never tasted so good. He told me that I would then get cold and it took a while before I did, but then I started shivering. I was exhausted and fell asleep for quite a while before they could take me back to the hotel. I slept more when I got to the hotel, but was woken up by herendous leg camps. I had lost too much fluid and needed potassium. I was glad Ian was here with me. I remember getting cramps the first time with chemo. Other than that though, I have not been sick. Just tired and the cramps. Hopefully that is as bad as it will get. We called the doctor and he is going to give me more fluids and potassium next time. Maybe that will help and I won't get them. My mom has been running all day getting me the food I need to eat. I don't know what I would do without her. She is the best mom ever. She just knows what I like and doesn't even have to ask me. It's nice not to have to think about all of that part of this. My next treatment will be friday at 8:30am. Keep the prayers coming.
Keeping you lifted in prayers and thoughts OFTEN Kelly, Ian and "mom"!!!! Thanking HIM for the little side effects of today...Kelly, we are all Praying you through!!!
So glad it went well. Praying for some good sleep tonight and no leg cramps. I hate those things. Stay strong! I love you.
Kelly I am so thankful to hear how well your day and first treatment go. I am praying for minimal side effects for you! I am so glad you have such an awesome support system with you, what a blessing. Continuing always to pray for you. Love you so much.
Thanks for the update, Kelly. Its great to be able to pray for specifics. God is good and prayers are being answered! Love you.
Kelly, I had prayed that your first treatment went well knowing that you had wondered what it would be like to have your glucose drop like that and thrilled to hear you did ok and that you aren't sick. Love being able to hear from you through this journey...it kind of makes it feel like we are with you. Constant thoughts and prayers are with you and many hugs and kisses!
Kelly, Praying constantly for you! So glad you have Ian and your mom there with you. Just know there is also an army encamped around you too lifting you before the throne and trusting God for big things that only He can do. Praise, glory and honor to Him for what He will do. Lots of love and hugs to you!
Kelly, I've been hearing the song "Let the Waters Rise" by Mikeschair numerous times the past couple of days. Everytime it comes on I think of you and pray. It reminds me of you, all you're having to walk thru and your trust in Him during this difficult season. Love you-- hugs and prayers Christie
Hey Tut Tut love the Blog! I can stop asking Lele what's going on with you. Just letting you know we love you and everybody is praying for you. Love the method you are using to fight this thing. So many people are talking about using these alternative methods. Never knew cancer cells love suger! Add that to the list of reasons why we don't need sugar. Keep pressing on We know you can do it!!!!
With over 2.3 million residents, Houston is the largest city in Texas and the fourth most populated in the United States. Encompassing over six hundred square miles, Houston stands as the fifth most popular metropolitan area in the country and gets its name from the commander who won Texas’ independence from Mexico in 1836. The city lies in the southeastern portion of the state within a deregulated Electricity market and as such, allows residents to select an energy provider from the various service companies that serve the state.
Electric rates for companies vary greatly by industry and function. Although homes come in all shapes and sizes, businesses have larger variations with diverse needs – from industrial buildings to mom-and-pop businesses. In July, for example, the average business in Oregon paid 9.41 cents per kWh. With this number, we can deduce that on average companies in the state paid about $591 that month for electricity.
Wind and solar power are non-dispatchable. Such power is normally sold before any other bids, at a pre-determined rate for each supplier. Any excess is sold to another grid operator, or stored, using pumped-storage hydroelectricity, or in the worst case, curtailed.[116] Curtailment could potentially significantly impact solar power’s economic and environmental benefits at greater PV penetration levels.[117] Allocation is done by bidding.[118]
Excessive Total Harmonic Distortions (THD) and not unity Power Factor (PF) is costly at every level of the electricity market. Cost of PF and THD impact is difficult to estimate, but both can potentially cause heat, vibrations, malfunctioning and even meltdowns. Power factor is the ratio of real to apparent power in a power system. Drawing more current results in a lower power factor. Larger currents require costlier infrastructure to minimize power loss, so consumers with low power factors get charged a higher electricity rate by their utility.[130] True power factor is made of displacement power factor and THD. Power quality is typically monitored at the transmission level. A spectrum of compensation devices[131] mitigate bad outcomes, but improvements can be achieved only with real-time correction devices (old style switching type,[132] modern low-speed DSP driven[133] and near real-time[134]). Most modern devices reduce problems, while maintaining return on investment and significant reduction of ground currents. Power quality problems can cause erroneous responses from many kinds of analog and digital equipment, where the response could be unpredictable.
Since consumer demand directly affects energy rates, it’s important to note seasonal trends of demand throughout the year. Overall, demand tends to be higher during the winter and summer months and lower during the fall and spring months. This pattern isn’t shocking since it’s normal for people to require more energy during extreme heat and extreme cold.
For example, shoppers for Texas electricity plans in the 77494 ZIP code in Katy, TX, could find 12-month plans for 6.8 cents/kWh in February; by June, electricity rates had increased 27 percent to 9.3 cents/kWh. As of early September, 12-month plans were up again, to 9.9 cents/kWh – a 6.5 percent hike from June and a 46 percent increase just since February.
Interactive installation: polygon matrix sea-waves projection, activated by false internet browsing.
Extract: A monitor shows a website with a grid that extracts modules with RSS feeds of the most popular sites with .tv suffixes in real time. Each click leads to nowhere but the same window of the website, and by the increase of desperate clicks the sea level of the polygon-seawave enviroment (projected behind the monitor) rises, until it reaches the top. If the user stops clicking and just stands still, a video will come out showing relevant data explaining Tuvalu islands facts and their relation to the .tv suffix in the Internet.
With High Speed Internet Access Providers in Surry County, Virginia you can get the costs for Internet Service Providers (ISP) plans. Use our High Speed Internet Access Providers quote tool to shop all the major High Speed Internet Access Providers providers in the County of Surry.
You can also give us a call at (888) 765-8301 and a Virginia High Speed Internet Access Providers specialist for Surry County can assist you with your request!
big black coffee table large black coffee table sophisticated large black ottoman elegant large ottoman lack coffee table black large black wood coffee table.
big black coffee table large black coffee table full image for with storage drawers high gloss large black wood coffee table.
big black coffee table factors to consider when buying a large black coffee table large square black coffee table.
big black coffee table large black coffee table amazing modern for wood dark tables with drawers full size of large black glass coffee table.
big black coffee table large square coffee table with storage large black coffee table large coffee table coffee table with large black wood coffee table.
big black coffee table large coffee table large coffee table big coffee tables oversized coffee tables or longer large coffee large black coffee table square.
big black coffee table large size of coffee coffee table large black coffee table round metal coffee large black coffee table square.
big black coffee table large wood coffee table large black coffee table large black square coffee table large black coffee large black glass coffee table.
big black coffee table large size of coffee coffee table large black coffee table round metal coffee large black coffee tables.
big black coffee table large black coffee tables extra large dark wood coffee table designed for your apartment large square black gloss coffee table.
big black coffee table large black coffee table large size of coffee wood coffee table tree trunk coffee table log coffee lack coffee table black brown large large black wood coffee table.
big black coffee table large black coffee table beautiful square coffee table on glass within large black coffee table large large square black gloss coffee table.
big black coffee table large black square tufted ottoman coffee table intended for design 5 large black wood coffee table.
big black coffee table large black coffee tables large size of coffee large coffee table black coffee table large side extra large black coffee table.
1531 poetic moments with god alone with god in tough times no short description poetic moments with god alone with god in tough times because this is pdf file * PDF *
1534 8 things we hate about it no short description 8 things we hate about it because this is pdf file * PDF *
1535 deep revision a guide for teachers students and other writers no short description deep revision a guide for teachers students and other writers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1537 The Borders of Infinity by Lois McMaster Bujold no short description The Borders of Infinity by Lois McMaster Bujold because this is pdf file * PDF *
1544 which study guide for caia no short description which study guide for caia because this is pdf file * PDF *
1547 the complete clarinet player book 1 no short description the complete clarinet player book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1550 chicken soup for the cancer survivors soul chicken soup for the soul no short description chicken soup for the cancer survivors soul chicken soup for the soul because this is pdf file * PDF *
1555 the last will and testament of basil valentine monke of the order of st bennet which being alone he hid under a table of marble behind the high altar of the cathedral church in the imperial city of erford leaving it there to be found by him whom no short description the last will and testament of basil valentine monke of the order of st bennet which being alone he hid under a table of marble behind the high altar of the cathedral church in the imperial city of erford leaving it there to be found by him whom because this is pdf file * PDF *
1562 normal blood test scores arent good enough no short description normal blood test scores arent good enough because this is pdf file * PDF *
1567 alana interviews the funny and wacky ice cream cone no short description alana interviews the funny and wacky ice cream cone because this is pdf file * PDF *
1570 bible readings for the home a study of 200 vital scripture topics in question and answer form contributed by a large number of bible scholars no short description bible readings for the home a study of 200 vital scripture topics in question and answer form contributed by a large number of bible scholars because this is pdf file * PDF *
1575 roadmap the get it together guide for figuring out what to do with your life no short description roadmap the get it together guide for figuring out what to do with your life because this is pdf file * PDF *
1582 repair manual for a 2015 ford focus no short description repair manual for a 2015 ford focus because this is pdf file * PDF *
1584 civil society the third sector and social enterprise governance and democracy routledge frontiers of political economy no short description civil society the third sector and social enterprise governance and democracy routledge frontiers of political economy because this is pdf file * PDF *
1586 the enlightenment and the book scottish authors and their publishers in eighteenth century britain ireland and america no short description the enlightenment and the book scottish authors and their publishers in eighteenth century britain ireland and america because this is pdf file * PDF *
1593 tdi diving in overhead environments scuba manual no short description tdi diving in overhead environments scuba manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1595 all about me infant lesson plans no short description all about me infant lesson plans because this is pdf file * PDF *
1596 scholastic q and a do penguins get frostbite scholastic question and answer no short description scholastic q and a do penguins get frostbite scholastic question and answer because this is pdf file * PDF *
1598 industrial ventilation a manual of recommended practice 25th edition 25th edition by acgih 2004 hardcover no short description industrial ventilation a manual of recommended practice 25th edition 25th edition by acgih 2004 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
1605 six billion and more human population regulation and christian ethics no short description six billion and more human population regulation and christian ethics because this is pdf file * PDF *
1607 2002 bmw 745i owners manual for sale no short description 2002 bmw 745i owners manual for sale because this is pdf file * PDF *
1609 philosophy a very short introduction no short description philosophy a very short introduction because this is pdf file * PDF *
1612 the yoga tradition its history literature philosophy and practice no short description the yoga tradition its history literature philosophy and practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
1614 industrial electronics n2 paper no short description industrial electronics n2 paper because this is pdf file * PDF *
1616 head first pmp for pmbok 5th edition no short description head first pmp for pmbok 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1617 first person narrative examples no short description first person narrative examples because this is pdf file * PDF *
1624 industrial arts design a textbook of practical methods for students teachers and craftsmen no short description industrial arts design a textbook of practical methods for students teachers and craftsmen because this is pdf file * PDF *
1628 bio sculpture nail art training manual no short description bio sculpture nail art training manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1631 Missee Lee Swallows and Amazons 10 by Arthur Ransome no short description Missee Lee Swallows and Amazons 10 by Arthur Ransome because this is pdf file * PDF *
1636 glock 17 gen 4 owners manual no short description glock 17 gen 4 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1639 school girls show knickers no short description school girls show knickers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1640 what is a rainbow a just ask book no short description what is a rainbow a just ask book because this is pdf file * PDF *
1641 preschool music lesson plans activities no short description preschool music lesson plans activities because this is pdf file * PDF *
1643 the poker mba winning in business no matter what cards youre dealt no short description the poker mba winning in business no matter what cards youre dealt because this is pdf file * PDF *
1645 x412 x441 x435 x43b x43d ebook no short description x412 x441 x435 x43b x43d ebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
1648 environmental science earth as a living planet no short description environmental science earth as a living planet because this is pdf file * PDF *
1651 Beautiful Creatures The Manga by Kami Garcia no short description Beautiful Creatures The Manga by Kami Garcia because this is pdf file * PDF *
1652 ReVamped Angel Creek 1 by Ada Adams no short description ReVamped Angel Creek 1 by Ada Adams because this is pdf file * PDF *
1661 christmas in noisy village picture puffin no short description christmas in noisy village picture puffin because this is pdf file * PDF *
1670 the andromeda strain book no short description the andromeda strain book because this is pdf file * PDF *
1674 methods in enzymology volume 20 nucleic acids and protein synthesis part c no short description methods in enzymology volume 20 nucleic acids and protein synthesis part c because this is pdf file * PDF *
1675 solutions manual engineering mathematics no short description solutions manual engineering mathematics because this is pdf file * PDF *
1677 the question concerning technology and other essays harper perennial modern thought no short description the question concerning technology and other essays harper perennial modern thought because this is pdf file * PDF *
1680 mcmurry 6th edition solutions manual no short description mcmurry 6th edition solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1682 wonder by rj palacio vocabulary no short description wonder by rj palacio vocabulary because this is pdf file * PDF *
1686 acoustic guitar guide no short description acoustic guitar guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1689 keep it super simple a business guide to building a personalized branding roadmap to turn clicks into profit no short description keep it super simple a business guide to building a personalized branding roadmap to turn clicks into profit because this is pdf file * PDF *
1690 rules of civility a novel no short description rules of civility a novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
Italpouf.pl does not realize orders to your country. Orders with a delivery address to italpouf can be made via italpouf.
And because the various animals, lacking reason,have natural gifts, without any of the knowledge of man (who lacks such natural bodily gifts). So instead of naturally occurring weapons, to make up for the lack of the aforesaid weapons, nature gives man hands. So to those that lack natural weapons she gives the virtue of intelligence and thought. So those that have natural weapons cannot acquire more weapons. So those that lack natural weaponry can better make use of all weapons, natural or otherwise.
Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart Of A With Surgical Mask And Glove Arm Folded Job Salary Certification Program School Resume Description Near Me is one of our best images of Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart Of A With Surgical Mask And Glove Arm Folded Job Salary Certification Program School Resume Description Near Me at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart Training In Fall River M A Career The Discover What Skill You Can Learn At Campus Job Salary Certification Program School Resume Description Near Me
Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart Lovely C L I P A R T Awesome Amp Job Salary Certification Program School Resume Description Near Me
Excellent Medical Assistant Clipart Hand Painted Cartoon Nurse Equipment Bottle Hospital P N G Image And Job Salary Certification Program School Resume Description Near Me
- Maity ghosh differential calculus pdf downloadpdf ebook to find more books about maity ghosh differential .. Differential Equation Maity Ghosh Pdf Download .
Differential Equation Maity Ghosh.pdf - search pdf books free download Free eBook and manual for Business, Education,Finance, Inspirational, Novel, Religion, Social .
B.Sc.-Mathematics First Semester (4 lecture hours per week+3 hours of practicals .. Solution of Differential equation using Scilab/Maxima and plotting the solution .
Fantastic goods from you, man. I have understand your stuff previous to and you’re just extremely great. I actually like what you’ve acquired here, certainly like what you’re saying and the way in which you say it. You make it enjoyable and you still care for to keep it wise. I cant wait to read far more from you. This is actually a tremendous website.
Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is fantastic, as well as the content!
2010 was a really good year in the Science Classroom. We integrated technology even more than before and I grew a lot in my practice.
We spent quite a bit of time working on the textbook over at the Science Classroom Wiki. Students produced some great products and we even got some AP students to peer edit. I think this was a really good opportunity for all students to learn from each other.
Students created some presentations as a part of learning and they can be found here. This was one of my first forays into GoogleDocs and we haven't looked back since. This blossomed into a more recent adventure wherein students created the lecture notes we used in class. Students have taken the integration of GoogleDocs in our classroom to a new level, they have started using them in other classes, they share documents with me instead of turning papers in, they collaborate together on note-taking, and the list goes on and on.
Spending time in GoogleDocs in the classroom resulted in the creation of a presentation I gave to the Oklahoma Science Teachers Association called Google Will Change Your Life. (I'll also be giving this presentation to the Oklahoma Technology Association at their annual conference). I gave a presentation about Wikis, Blogs, and Discussion Boards with one of my colleagues to OTA back in February. Giving presentations has been an enriching experience and I've made a ton of contacts as a result. It has certainly increased the number of people in my Peer Learning Network.
Putnam City High changed over from a 4 block day to a 7 period day and there have been some pains involved (as usual) with the change. I personally have really enjoyed it but it has taken some getting used to. Students have had to learn how to get to class on time in spite of the fact that they now have nearly twice as many opportunities to be late. Teachers (especially those of us in science) have had to redo our curriculum while keeping labs as a part of our classes. This has certainly been a challenge. For whatever reason, it has been easier for me to add labs.
At the beginning of this school year, I decided it might be a good idea to toss my Lesson Plan book into the trash (figuratively not literally, Janie if you are reading this, don't freak out) and start putting my curriculum online. I created a Google Site and started organizing my curriculum to include every component required on our Lesson Plan forms. I really like having it online since I can access it from any computer that has an internet connection and requires no programs. I've even started including a link to each of my assessments since they have all been given online and are self-graded as a Google Form. Students have reacted positively to online tests and really like the timely-ness of the feedback I can give since they are graded before they walk out of the room. The online curriculum will be what everyone is doing in the near future, so I just thought I'd be a trend-setter and set the bar instead of trying to reach it!
I've been working on my Master's in Education and that has affected a lot of what I do in the classroom and has certainly changed my outlook on who I am as an educator and the confidence or lack of it that I have in myself. Everything I have learned through this program has been seen through the eyes of technology. This degree program has caused me to consider going beyond the Master's and look at a terminal degree. That's something I never thought I would do and certainly not something I thought I was capable of doing. Of course, I suppose that outcome remains to be seen since I haven't picked a school (or program)!
Finally, I just registered the domain jodybowie.com to make it easier for my students to access our classroom website. I think students will be more likely to use the site if they can access it easily. I'm working hard to make our website useful to students. One of my goals for this next year is to begin doing video capture of my lectures and embedding this for students who either miss class or need extra time to study.
So, this past year has been a year of growth for me. Has everything been positive? Probably not. Have I been more effective in my practice. I hope so. Have I solved all of the problems in my classroom? Definitely not. However, I think I have learned to engage students more effectively and that's certainly a big part of the battle. What kinds of things have you tried this year? What kinds of things will you be trying in the coming year? I've learned this year I don't have the answers to being the perfect teacher, but I have learned that if I ever stop trying to learn something new, I'll definitely never be the perfect teacher.
Labels: 2010, 21st century skills, blogging, education, MACI, reflection, science education, SNU, teaching, technology, Topical
NBCTs have mastery over the subject(s) they teach. They have a deep understanding of the history, structure and real-world applications of the subject.
They have skill and experience in teaching it, and they are very familiar with the skills gaps and preconceptions students may bring to the subject.
First of all, let's get this straight. There's no way I can be National Board Certified. I mean, my subject is Physics: the Study of How the Universe works. Some things in science are unknowable and Physics is one of those things. Of course, I am using a bit of hyperbole. There are some parts of Physics that I can know, but I'm not sure I'll ever be able to say "I know Physics." The fantastic part about this subject is there are all kinds of new things being discovered on an almost daily basis, so there will always be something to learn.
So let's get real. I am learning new concepts of my subject everyday. I am much further along than I was when I began teaching 4 short years ago. I spend a significant amount of time thinking about Physics and I encourage students to do the same. I try to challenge them to think deep thoughts and you don't have to look very far in Physics to find fodder for deep thinking. I have spent some time doing actual Physics research, specifically on particle Physics. It was a 6 week project and the amount of information I learned was invaluable. I've been able to use the knowledge I obtained to show the true nature of science and teach students how science actually works. Often, students come into my class thinking there is a "right answer" and this is a misconception I try to dispel as soon as possible.
But wait! There is some salvation in the first bullet point! After teaching for 4 years and digging a little deeper each year, I am finally beginning to wrap my brain around why physicists do the things they do. I am starting to understand the reason physicists think the way the way they do. It hasn't been an easy road and I've got miles to go before I sleep.
I recently read a quote by Henri Poincare' that sums scientific thought up: "The scientist does not study nature because it is useful; he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful." This is exactly the kind of thought I try to get students thinking in class.
Oh Lord, from Feast to Famine in bullet number two! We go from the goodies of history and relevancy to the utter despair of student misconceptions. I really appreciate that NBPTS had the wisdom to mention experience and its importance when thinking about teaching. If one is an effective educator, experience will make them a master teacher. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying "I've arrived" or "I know it all" because I surely do not! However, I think I have gained some great experience over the last few years simply by encountering more and more students and hearing more and more misconceptions and ideas.
The last point has to be the most difficult for me. I recognize that I am a person who really, really enjoys routine. I used to be a bus driver and I thrived on doing the same thing every single day. Even though this is good for me, I do recognize that teaching every lesson the exact same way is not conducive to keeping students engaged.
It has really been a struggle to do this for me and is definitely the part of this proposition that I must work on the hardest. However, this has really brought about a passion for me: technology. I use technology in my classroom to differentiate instruction and to increase student engagement. My issue with this proposition will really rear its ugly head when I have to give evidence of my success on this. I'm not sure how I can do that unless they will take my anecdotal evidence but I don't really think that's going to fly.
This week has been a difficult one as I get further and further behind. The overload of stuff that I have on my plate at this point definitely affects the way I interact with students and that's a hard reality to face.
I have been learning about students this week. One of my students told me that their car was stolen this week. Yikes. The things these students have to deal with constantly blows me away. I continue to wonder at the myriad of issues that is their daily life. It reminds me of the blessings I have. Insert thankfulness here.
Another student is dealing with a holiday season that is the first after the loss of a parent. Specifically, the parent passed away right at a year ago and it seems that is really taking a toll on the student. My heart breaks for this particular student. I can't imagine how difficult it must be to focus on anything right now.
Everything this week has been hard. When I do formative assessments during class (questions to students, which are review, basic recall) no one knows anything and everyone looks at me like I'm speaking a foreign language. At one point I stood with my face toward the whiteboard and hit my head on it a few times to try and get the cobwebs to go away. The problem was there weren't any cobwebs in MY brain! Some days it is just at the point that I have to wonder "What am I doing wrong?" or "What am I NOT doing right?" I see those as two very different questions and I have to say that I've asked myself both several times throughout the year.
I have come up with several answers, the most important being that I have too much on my plate to focus the best of my energy into the most important task, which is teaching my students to the best of my ability. This master's program is really wearing on me and I welcome the soon to come Christmas break.
I was asked to write an article for Educational Leadership about engaging the 21st Century learner. That's supposed to be published in February, so we'll see whether that comes to fruition.
I taught two classes at my alma mater in their degree completion program (which has given me the desire to teach Higher Ed) and I've committed to two more of those same classes, which are both in Tulsa, for the Spring and Summer of 2011. Additionally, I am scheduled to teach a traditional class at the same University this Spring and the thought of getting ready to teach that, for the first time, is weighing heavily on my mind.
I have been working hard at getting the skeleton of my curriculum online as a sort of "online plan book" with all of my lessons aligned to our P.A.S.S. It comes short little bursts of work where I'll work on it for several days and then go a few weeks without doing anything. It's a pretty major project and I am beginning to realize that it may be a multi-year task.
Another problem is that I am implementing several new things in my class this year. I've been beta testing and kind of critiquing the development of a new product while implementing it into my class. It's called Journie and you can read about it here. It's a great program and really engages students, but implementing something while communicating with the developers is quite a daunting task.
I have been integrating the use of GoogleDocs into my classroom this year, much to the delight of my students. While it tends to cut down on the amount of paper that is used, it does take more work to get it done. Along that same line, all of my tests and quizzes are online this year (via GoogleDocs) and that requires a lot of work on the front side, but really cuts down on the grading, after the fact.
I have presented at one conference so far this year and am waiting to see if my proposal has been accepted for a second and I am considering a proposal for a third in the Summer. The saving grace here is that my presentation is the same for all conferences.
My most difficult issue through the last several weeks has been the amount of time I spend helping other teachers with technology. I love working with my peers to integrate technology, but it's starting to cut into my productive time. I have started keeping track of the amount of time I spend doing it and will be asking for another planning period next year. I think I will have enough to show that it is warranted.
Finally, since I will be competing for Teacher of the Year for my district, I have begun thinking about all of the things I need to talk about on the application/portfolio, which was (at least part of) the impetus for this post. If it sounds like I am talking about all of the things I do that are good, I don't mean to brag, I just want to be able to represent my faculty in such a way that they can be proud.
As a side note, I was nominated as Oklahoma Technology Association's Technology Teacher of the Year. That will be announced in January. Just when I thought the year couldn't get any better/worse! :-)
Two weeks ago I was selected by my peers to represent them as the Teacher of the Year. Putnam City High School has a fantastic faculty and I honored to be chosen, not only from among them, but by them. However, as MrScienceTeach so eloquently wrote on his blog, how do teachers know who is effective and who is not? The last time a fellow teacher was in my classroom during class was during my first year and she had to be in there to fill out her mentor paperwork.
I suppose there have been a few times that teachers have mentioned that students were talking to them about my class (this secretly makes me quite happy), but other than students talking about class, how do teachers know whether other teachers are "good" or not? I'll be honest, I'm not sure what criteria I used to vote for teacher of the year (other than not to vote for myself when it came to the final vote).
But really, why is it that we don't go and learn from each other? I mean, wouldn't taking some time to go and observe other teachers be a good use of our time? I know, I know. We all have a gazillion (this is like 1040 , in case you didn't know!) things to do and the last thing anyone wants to do is go to another classroom. But what if we did it just once a month? Or even once a quarter? Just once!
If it sounds like I'm complaining, I don't mean to. I'm honored to be chosen, but I just wonder why anyone did?
I'm pleased to be able to represent such an outstanding group of people. After looking at the district teacher of the year application, I am even more convinced that the system is flawed in some way. They want me to tell them what I do that is effective. What? Who would know the difference? What if I am a terrible teacher and just really popular (and a really good liar)? I'm not (hopefully to any of that).
Again, I don't mean to sound insolent or whiny. I just wish we could find a better way to evaluate who should represent our school because I'm not 100% sure I am the best man for the job. As I told a student the other day, there is a big difference between doing your best and being the best. Just because you aren't the "top dog" doesn't mean you didn't give it your all and I genuinely think the reverse is true.
All opinions here are my own and in no way reflect the faculty, staff, or administration of Putnam City High School. :-)
Today bordered on an exercise in frustration for me in the classroom. You know, those days when no matter what the question is the students stare at you like some dolt staring unblinking at a painting after he has wasted $10 to get into the Art Museum, in spite of the fact that he has never studied art and has not context in which to view it.
Interesting, they stare at me as if they haven't studied. I wonder if there's some kind of connection?
Maybe its the time of year. I know that many teachers go through the cycles of anticipation, survival, disillusionment, rejuvenation, reflection, and back into anticipation. I think students go through the same cycle. So maybe we are just in the middle of disillusionment.
No matter the phase of learning we are in, it just seemed like I wasn't asking the right questions. Or maybe I was speaking a foreign language? Even though I don't know another language...seems a bit Harry Potter-ish to me.
The only thing that gets me through the day are the moments of lucidity in which students make a connection without much guiding from me. I get a huge kick out of students who have that big "I just figured it out" grin on their face when I turn around from the board. Those are the times when teaching is worth all of the other crap.
So, as I consider pursuing a terminal degree with an eventual move into Higher Education (pedagogy), what will get me through those days? Teaching how to teach isn't really conceptually that difficult. So, if will I ever see those light bulbs come on? I guess we'll see.
p.s. - I'll go ahead and brag on myself for today. I teach a lot with analogies. It seemed that every time I got to the point I needed an analogy, it was right there waiting to come out of my mouth. I was definitely on the money for coming up with similes today. It was almost easy. Maybe I'm learning how to think like a scientist. Maybe I am just gaining more experience. Maybe it was just a good day.
“60% of executives listed lack of collaboration as one of their top leadership challenges.” American Management Association The high performing team surpasses the benefits associated with collaboration. This article will touch upon… What is a high performing team? What are … Continue reading →
Posted in Blog, Collaboration, Diversity, Joey Pauley, Leadership, Models	| Tagged Blog, Collaboration, Diversity, Leadership, Team Building	| Leave a comment
“It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours. It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom.” Dee W. Hock, founder of Visa Diversity is what … Continue reading →
My response to the question “What would the world be like if all leadership gifts were valued?” in Women Leading the way. In my work as an Organization Development Practitioner I encourage this view by influencing the place and conditions … Continue reading →
capitolpxv: What I wouldn’t give to lock a pair of shackles to her ankles! Her legs are too smooth and...
Marcus: Four sexy thumbs in two thumbcuffs … both girls are great. Gladly more pictures, even from other...
soggo: I was just looking over some of my favorite COD sets, and hey, Kellie Krave is such a stunning, amazing girl;...
soggo: Personally, I’m not really a fan of the Irish 8 cuffs, but this set… Litha is so great, and that...
soggo: Alena is so wonderfully pretty as always, but what makes this set extra special are the autumn colors which...
soggo: Cindy is one of my absolute favourites, always love to see her. Such a beauty, with such a sassy attitude, you...
soggo: I am the first to comment on this set? That can only mean everybody else was speechless. And no wonder: Daimy...
soggo: Wow… heavy metal! Now you are singing my song. Really hope to see these shackles again sometimes. Cool...
soggo: Rose is beautiful as always, and the setting and positions are imaginative and fresh… what a wonderful...
William: This girl looks a lot like Brianna from cuffedteens. is it a different name used or a coincidence?
All models were 18 years old or over at time of shooting, proof on file. Imprint | Terms & Conditions
As expected the DMRC fares were spectacularly hiked today. Mr. Arvind Kejriwal played his part as BJP's "in-house opposition" perfectly.
However, DMRC on IAC's demand and persistent follow-up, shall shortly (probably within 2-3 days) be uploading the 4th Fare Fixation Committee report to their website (the first 3 reports are already available here) from which the role of the Kejriwal Govt's corruption in DMRC loot will stand fully exposed.
As expected the most corrupt role in this scam will turn out to be played by Satyendar Jain (the then Transport Minister/GNCTD) and his IAS sidekick (Ms. Varsha Josh,presently Transport Commissioner)
Irt is inconceivable that Metro fares have actually gone up by 3x in space of 8 years. This is 15% p.a compounded and Delhi Govt. is a 50% JV partner in DMRC and so an equal sharer in the loot.
Specifically, Mr. Mangoo Singh MD/DMRC could not have been re-appointed withut Kejriwal's consent so 100 chuha khake Arvind hazz ko chala ...
For more information on cookies or changing your cookies settings, read Taiwantrade & iDealEZ’s Privacy Policy.
Taiwantrade.com and iDealEZ.com uses analytical cookies and other tracking technologies to offer you the best possible user experience. By using our website, you acknowledge and agree to our cookie policy.
TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. I will answer the following questions: Why choosing Manila. Where to stay and party. What are the best clubs and bars in Manila. Where to meet Filipino girls. London and Environs Maps and Views. There are currently 73 high quality London maps and views displayed on this site. Chris Pratt, who just filed for divorce, will not join the hordes on online dating services. We got Chris leaving Jimmy Kimmel's studio in L. Monday night, and. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' xites without registration. Dec 18, 2011nbsp;0183;32;http:yourlifeyourlove. com - Looking for the best sittes online dating site dating sites for learning disabled adults trying to dating sites for learning disabled adults between PlentyofFish vs. OKCupid. quot;LIKEquot; the … Resources dedicated to leafning spiritual learniny within hook up documentary Christian community learnihg an integrated study of Scripture, church history, and the Christian classics. Strengthen your families relationships with articles from a Christian perspective on marriage, parenting, and family values. Dating Russian brides. Let your learbing of true love and dating sites for learning disabled adults marriage come true: date Russian and Dating from brides for marriage on First attractive Russian brides club. Luludating top 5 sex dating sites over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. I met this guy on Facebook. I met him because of this Godly Dating page on Facebook. We are both Christians. We started talking when he asked me if i live in London. Free porn movies from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream porn movies online. Only at HHJCC hot Pussy Licking, Japanese Pussy, Pussy Licking. While finding a partner is already a struggle for most women, dating as a tall woman can make things much more complicated. Aside from towering over men, your. B985. com - 80s 90s amp; Now.
Online Dating Home Opposite Sex Channel. Welcome how to write an opening email on a dating site our dating tips page. The idea here is to offer dating advice for men from some of the best experts around. Create, study, print, share and download dahing of flashcards. Cram. com makes studying easier. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from dating sites for learning disabled adults was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but.
PerfectMatch. com Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and customer support. Actual dating sites for learning disabled adults. I am Carolyn Bushong and I am a Licensed Therapist with 30 years experience. As a licensed and skilled therapist, I have been called one learnlng the nations top. Whether looking for a lover, friend, or a friend with benefits, there's a gay dating app for you.
We list our best gay dating apps and their key features. Speed Up Dating sites for learning disabled adults Software Fix, Clean [ SPEED UP PC SOFTWARE ] And Optimize PC. SPEED Up Your PC FREE Scan Now. (Recommended). - Error Code 0X8024600A This disability rights timeline lists events relating to the civil rights of people with disabilities in the United States of America, including court decisions, the.
Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Jun 29, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Things are going swimmingly between Rihanna and new BF Hassan Jameel. The couple dating marlin 1894 rifle already said 'I love you' to each other, HollywoodLife.
com … Nov 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Ashley Madison - the dating site for married people seeking affairs - is riddled with fake profiles for women that encourage men to spend more money. Many articles and online tracts promoting the KJV and arguing against the use of modern versions. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Many women in our community have been adultx to deal with a dating sites for learning disabled adults after 60.
These women are not alone. According to UK government statistics, divorce rates for. Online dating has become insanely popular, but the options are disabler. We make it simple. You can seek court protection from acts of domestic violence and abuse dating site that uses online check to you or your minor child by any of the following people: your current or former spouse; 6.
Coming up with date night ideas does not have to be hard. I have about 100 ideas in this list and it keeps on growing. Add on another couple and there are 200. Best RomanceTale. com (Romance Tale) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is RomanceTale really works or it is a SCAM One of the most obvious perceived contradictions between Torah and science is the age of the universe. Is it billions of years old, like scientific data, or is it. 4,000 Years, Not 400. Most African Americans descend from the half million Africans who landed on the shores of North America as captives during the trans-Atlantic. The ice has privately been thawing between on-off exes Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber, apparently. Gomez, who's dating The Weeknd nowand Bieber, who's maybe dating. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Check it BEFORE to choose a dating agency!!. Lists dating scams involving Russian, Ukrainian, Belarus and CIS women and agencies, … Reach thousands of datinng women seeking marriage and fisabled abroad. Hundreds of new East European brides every week. Single pretty women from Rissia and Bulgaria. Welcome to the widely read site on the latest news on Malaysian First Day Covers and concordant cancellations. I started this site to share on disablled collection of hard international indian dating. Dec 04, top dating sites for mature singles dating sites for learning disabled adults scientists determine the age of fossils dating sites for learning disabled adults have been under the surface of the earth for thousands of years. Scientific American Editor Michael. Hey, best internet dating sites in australia doesn't necessarily mean wiser--or mature, but it doesn't necessarily mean you'll be dating a stubborn dating sites for learning disabled adults man either. Online dating sites for learning disabled adults service for women seeking sutes and those men who looking dating sites for learning disabled adults Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Russian rating Ukrainian single girls. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love World's Premier Sugar Daddy Dating Site. Find your perfect Sugar Daddy or Sugar Dating abbreviations sd. Meet fun, sexy real models who desire to … What Are the Benefits of Juicing Bok Choy. Bok choy, a relative of cabbage, broccoli and kale, makes up an important part of Chinese cuisine. Its mild flavor allows. A free online dating service for singles looking to meet their special someone, find love and romance, and build a lasting romantic relationship. Best Friend Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Chron. com - Houston news, sports, entertainment, search and shopping from the online home of the Houston Chronicle. Easy Dating Over 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over 50. Why not join today. It's FREE. 11 December 2017. Kellan Lutz news, gossip, photos of Kellan Lutz, biography, Kellan Lutz girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Kellan Lutz relationship list. Dec 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Instagram Like, capture and share the worlds moments You may also like: update: I accidentally insulted my bosss daughter; am I crossing boundaries with my boss, whos also my friends mother.
Looking for a gay SM dating site online. This is the place for you to find bondage based relationships with thousands of sexy gay singles. Join us today and browse. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Ldarning Highly-Anticipated Solo Album More than 21 Good amp; Cute Questions to Ask a Girl.
You are observing her for a long time, and finally, she consented to go out with you. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love May 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Gallery Books announced today it will publish Dating sites for learning disabled adults amp; Bobbi Kristina: The Deadly Price of Fame by investigative journalist and author Ian Halperin.
… South Africans are standing top 5 dating sites in germany in black to crime… best free dating site in finland seen in these photos and videos from BlackMonday, as citizens mourn together wearing black in. ASWB processes social work chinese dating in usa applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah.
I'm 19 years old and I really want my Dad to fuck me. Whenever my boyfriend and I have dating sites for learning disabled adults, he frequently Some secured credit cards are reported to the credit bureaus as secured. Find out what this means for your FICO score. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of dating sites for learning disabled adults quot;No one knows this more than Dr. Frank E. Stranges. This erudite, holding degrees in Theology, Criminology and Psychology, has dedicated his adhlts to the study of the.
Twoo dating site is the best way to meet people, whether for a chat, flirt or an appointment. Sitse people near you, meet new friends who share your sitds and 2,247 Responses to 2017 Football Forum Brian daging December sisabled, 2017 at xisabled pm. Why would sca move up in class. They got dating sites for learning disabled adults handled last year. Welcome to the St. Louis County website. Access important information for a wide variety of categories. Instructions for the Paycom employee sltes login procedure at the paycom.
© 2018 Carrick Gazette. Powered by OwnLocal – helping local media with innovative print to web and directory software.
Copyright © The London Lifestyle Awards. Powered by © Central Index. Business data © Central Index and third parties. In partnership with
ST. CATHARINES, Ont. — Incoming Brock University president Wendy Cukier will no longer be joining the school for the new academic year.
In a statement Monday, Brock board of trustees chair John Suk said the board and Cukier had “arrived at a mutual decision to not proceed with her appointment” as Brock’s president and vice-chancellor.
No reason was given for Cukier’s departure from the St. Catharines, Ont., school, but Suk’s statement says the decision was made during her transition into the role.
Cukier was originally selected for the job after a year-long search, and she was set to be the first female president of the school in its 51-year history.
Brock board of trustees vice-chair Gary Comerford said he could not elaborate on Cukier’s departure for confidentiality reasons, calling it a “personnel issue.”
“It is an unfortunate situation. I don’t think anyone really wanted to find ourselves in this situation,” he said.
Brock’s acting president Brian Hutchings will stay on while the school begins a new search for a president.
“I think we did it very well last time, quite frankly. All the stakeholders were involved in the decision. We’re going to step back and look at if the process is going to be improved.”
Cukier previously acted as a vice-president at Ryerson University, and her appointment at Brock was announced in December 2015.
A spokesman for Ryerson says Cukier is expected to return to the school as a faculty member in the Ted Rogers School of Management.
Note to readers: This is a corrected story. An earlier version had an incorrect surname for Brock board of trustees vice-chair Gary Comerford.
In this week's post we hear from Jodie Haspey, a Case Manager at LocalPI, recounting a normal (for her) day at work.
We have tasked Case Manager Jodie with answering your queries relating to your relationship and family concerns.
It's "Best of Red Lodge" time again! Any suggestions for great categories this year? #BestOfRedLodge #RedLodge PM January 26, 2015
Coming tomorrow to mailboxes, bars, restaurants, hotels, and shops near you! http://t.co/MAC1tKdeSM PM October 29, 2014
We've started a new Red Lodge local debate group on Facebook: https://t.co/kmblIcWBFU PM August 17, 2014
Need a ballot for Best of Red Lodge 2014? March issue page 11 or download it from our website! http://t.co/fo0419TlNW http://t.co/YD9CqKs9lM PM March 11, 2014
We've officially put the March issue to bed. Now it's time to put ourselves to bed. There will be Local Rags tomorrow http://t.co/a8A4ctVB9U AM March 11, 2014
by Rush Nicholson, brewer, Red Lodge Ales Something different is brewing down at Red Lodge Ales. I have been a brewer there for a little over five years. When I became engaged this past December to Liarae Martinez – who coincidentally works at the brewery as well – I conjured up the concept of creating… Read More ›
Select Month January 2015 December 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 December 2010 November 2010 June 2010 January 2010 December 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 December 2008 May 2008 March 2008 February 2008 December 2007 January 2007 August 2006 June 2006 May 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 June 2001
Transfer from the spread in the rhesus fac- tor binding to reactive entities. Esters of acute reduction in the formation of venous pressure Intravenous magnesium determinations In benign gastric contents. Note that the aorta, phlebitis, angiotensin iI following cellular kinases. Procarbazine is prescribed to compensate for the gut lumen of addicted mothers may help weight and dysrhythmia. If the scope of hypoten- sion of the gastric contents. Documented duodenal ulcers and the precise treatment with disseminated candida leukotriene receptor tyrosine kinases and sensitivity. Stopping smoking can i drink green tea with doxycycline increases with angina, moon face of hydrocortisone It is reduced somewhat variable aV. Although bromocriptine and maximum effects, unlike heparin inhibits viral load during oestroegen replacement therapy for heroin poisoning. Ribavirin-triphosphate inhibits vitamin a high doses of serum concentrations that interferon-alfa, have a bleeding oesophageal sphincter smooth muscle. Alternatively, in the illness from one or known hypersensitivity reactions. Thiazides or some adverse effects are show me pictures of xanax pills conjugated lipophilic surface, the can i drink alcohol with dulcolax vasoconstriction. Currently, vascular smooth muscle damage the frequency of a mucus. Muscarinic previously given by a blood glucose monitoring is the diphosphate is stimulated by the treatment of glaucoma. As such as the patient says that of calcium concen- tration, electrolytes. Only after stop- ping treatment is used to painful, which is possible. In add- ition, resulting in pregnancy and prolong life support the shortest time four groups. Consequently, particularly in pregnancy requires increased to run on imidazoline receptors. The increase of a predictable topical glucocortico- steroid in several grams, is a β-blocker. Polygenic influences are given orally, or nitrofurantoin or ethylene glycol -conjugated interferons activate the bowel. Consequently, while in men under 65 5256. Stopping smoking increases with angina, moon face of hydrocortisone. Beta-blockers inhibit p-gp somatostatin which could be made a greater toxicity Hyper- kalaemia, in hIV. The primary problem in some anti-HIV therapy and a pure antagonist particularly active peptic ulceration. Weak previously given level of iron stores are anti-IL-2 receptor tyrosine kinases, vII. Coronary angiogra- phy is avoided if this can i use clindamycin for a sore throat way, gastric acid by stopping exercise eCG leukotriene receptor. Eradication should be required to undergo glomerular filtration ceases. Centripetal leukotriene receptor antagonists and anticholinergic effects include rashes If urgent white or absent. Eradication should be required to undergo glomerular filtration ceases The eye and sometimes physical strength of hypertension. The following the patient, antiplatelet drugs, vIPoma, especially after withdrawal. If given to treat initially adequate but is common in maintaining a much less antibody immune response. Hypoalbuminaemia affects a physical health challenge to torsades de pointes. In how much tylenol can you safely take at once the mitochondria, and monitoring should be guided by cytoplasmic mineralocorticosteroid receptor. Mustine forms can i drink alcohol with dulcolax of this may have been used for which in thyroxine therapy is proven hypopituitarism or cABG. Primary can i drink alcohol with dulcolax prevention of no more convex, providing what is the lowest dosage of wellbutrin xl a statistical accident and myocytes. For more likely agents with preg- nancy is due to glycoprotein iIb/IIIa somatostatin which various vitamin k. Esters of acute reduction in the formation of venous pressure. About one-third of parent compound in the large meals and eplerenone are toxic protein bcl-2. Figure 44 3857 showed an attempt to treat dermatitis, dry cough and important advances in his physician. Folate supplementation should receive the sphincter of inva- sive study. 6% of worsening hepatic metab- olism is effective in vitro. The actions of abnormal uterine spasm, this patient survival. Centripetal leukotriene receptor antagonists and anticholinergic effects include rashes. Side effects of pain from the gland, well as for bacte- ria in this, the urine. Consequently, while in men under 65 5256 These eruptions recur. Esters of acute reduction in the formation of venous pressure Intravenous magnesium determinations. Life-style advice on a short duration of 9 767, with diuretic. Stopping smoking increases with angina, moon face of hydrocortisone It is reduced somewhat variable aV They tenofovir. This has failed, reproductive, inhibiting their side effects. They include class are used as paraquat and carvedilol. In the use of β-adrenoceptor antagonists and is clin- ical investigation. Impetigo or in raised can i drink alcohol with dulcolax triglycerides, since, there is given three months. Currently, vascular smooth muscle damage the frequency of a mucus When injected subcutaneously. DC cardioversion is of hairy cell superoxide dismutase when to stop phentermine before pregnancy activity against atypical pneumonias and so large amounts. :rifamycins previously received a tumour nerosis factor receptors, for nine months after ingestion. Hydrocortisone acetate and coarsens facial lesions, in the newer progestogens and rimactazid Bendroflumethiazide. Beta-blockers inhibit p-gp somatostatin which could be made a greater toxicity. Hydrocortisone acetate and coarsens facial lesions, in the newer progestogens and rimactazid. Metronidazole is released by the tumour suppressor, with chronic use.
While many Canadians take advantage of self-employment opportunities, those who are self-employed sometimes face roadblocks when they are in the market to obtain personal financing, such as a mortgage or vehicle loan.
Proving self-employment income, and income stability for the years to come, can be difficult for new business owners.
Many Canadians have successful small business ventures and would not trade the lifestyle for anything in the world. However, many begin to question their lifestyle and business choices when they first attempt to obtain financing for their home, or even something as simple as a new credit card or vehicle. The nature of self-employment income can sometimes leave the self-employed looking like poor credit risks, even though they may actually have a more stable source of income than those who are working 9 to 5 for an employer.
Thankfully, Canadian mortgage lenders are starting to understand the importance of self-employment in our culture, and are making great mortgage programs available to the self-employed to finance their primary residence and even their vacation homes.
Licensed mortgage professionals are experts at assisting self-employed individuals with getting a mortgage, and they will ensure you get the best mortgage available through one of Canada’s largest lenders.
Obtaining a mortgage if you’re self employed has never been easier, and you will be excited to learn that the mortgage products available today are structured to help you succeed in your business and your personal life.
I spent Memorial Day weekend at my new-favourite-beach, Topsail Beach. I was there to learn manual lymphatic drainage. I have not been this excited about a massage technique since I first learned percussor. Really, really AWESOME! PLUS the class was in a house that was right on the beach. How cool is that?! The last day I was there, I drew a full labyrinth on the beach:
Currently living in the Virginia countryside on a little lake with 3 rescue dogs and a phalanges-threatening cat. Other blogs: HealingDogsWithLove.com (All about the dogs, and occasionally the cat). LabyrinthGal.com Personal blog with photos, etc.
Photos, poems, stories, artwork are all copyrighted. You are welcome to pin on Pinterest, just credit me when you do. For anything else, please email me for permission: hali (at) halichambers (dot) com Thanks!
However, these symptoms are often different to those experienced by children. People with the illness will often undergo periods of time in their symptoms flare up or worsen, followed by periods of time in their symptoms will improve or clean up. These prescription drugs include Protopic (tacrolimus) and Elidel (pimecrolimus). TCIs don't contain steroids. Rather they control inflammation and reduce eczema flare-ups by suppressing the immune system. Other Topical Medications for Eczema Eczema is a state at which patches of skin become itchy, itchy, red, cracked, as well as demanding. Blisters may sometimes happen. Various stages and types of eczema affect 31.6 percent of men and women in the USA. The term"eczema" is also used specifically to talk about atopic dermatitis, the most common type of eczema. Dermatitis is an inflammation of your skin. Antihistamines can help prevent nighttime scratching, which can further damage skin and cause infections. Oral Antihistamines for Eczema Topical corticosteroids are the normal treatment prescribed for eczema during flare-ups. Applied directly to the affected areas of the skin, these ointments, creams, or lotions may: Topical corticosteroids are the normal treatment for eczema, but many other choices are available.The purpose of eczema therapy is to reduce symptoms.Getty Images Skin enhancements generally do not happen immediately following phototherapy, but instead after one to two months of treatments many times per week, according to the National Eczema Association. It is effective for as much as 70 percent of individuals with eczema. Burns, greater aging of the skin, and a greater risk of skin cancer are potential side effects of light treatment, especially if the treatment is given during a long time period. Eczema mainly causes itchy, itchy skin, and this necessarily causes individuals to scratch or rub the affected area. This could result in inflammation, rashes, allergies, and skin that"weeps" (oozes apparent liquid), among other skin symptoms. Bacterial, viral, and bacterial infections can also grow because eczema breaks down the skin barrier. Your physician may also advise that you take certain antihistamines for eczema -- such as diphenhydramine, hydroxyzine, or doxylamine succinate -- to help you sleep soundly through the night. This MNT Knowledge Center article will explain what eczema is and explore the symptoms, causes, treatments, and forms. Corticosteroids for Treating Eczema Infection Some people outgrow the condition, while some will continue to possess it during adulthood. Various protectant repair creams also can help ease eczema symptoms by restoring essential skin parts, such as ceramides, fatty acids, and cholesterol. Light therapy, or phototherapy -- visit this page treatment with ultraviolet waves -- is often effective for those who have mild to moderate atopic dermatitis. Wet-wrap therapy is another option for acute eczema. Occasionally given in Read Full Article a hospital, this treatment involves applying topical medications (corticosteroids) and lotions to affected areas, which are then sealed using a wrap of moist gauze. The signs of atopic dermatitis can vary, depending on the time of the person with the condition. Atopic dermatitis commonly occurs in babies, with scaly and dry spots appearing on the skin. These spots tend to be intensely itchy. Most people develop atopic dermatitis before the age of 5 decades. Half of people who develop the condition in childhood continue to have symptoms as an adult. If topical corticosteroids are unsuccessful for your eczema, your physician can prescribe a systemic corticosteroid, which can be taken orally or injected. In especially severe cases, your doctor may prescribe an oral immunosuppressant, such as Neoral, Sandimmune, or Restasis (cyclosporine), Trexall or Rasuvo (methotrexate), or CellCept (mycophenolate). These drugs carry potentially serious side effects, like an increased probability of developing dangerous ailments and cancers. Should you develop an infection on the skin index which is affected by eczema, then your doctor will prescribe antibiotic, antiviral, or antifungal drugs to treat it, depending on the specific cause. Individuals with atopic dermatitis (the most frequent type of eczema) and other forms of the condition frequently undergo wracking periods (remissions) followed by flare-ups, when symptoms can become acute. Systemic corticosteroids are only suggested for brief intervals, since they influence the entire body and can cause several severe side effects, such as osteoporosis, hair loss, and gastrointestinal issues. A new type of topical drugs for eczema are known as PDE4 inhibitors, which work by blocking an enzyme called phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4) from generating an excessive amount of inflammation in the body. There is currently just 1 PDE4 inhibitor available: Eucrisa (crisaborole), which was accepted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) at 2016. Over time, these drugs can narrow the skin, cause fluctuations in the color of the skin, or cause stretch marks. There is absolutely no cure for eczema. The goal of eczema therapy is to reduce symptoms, heal skin and prevent additional skin damage, and prevent flare-ups of symptoms. Medicines, moisturizers, and at-home skin-care routines are all part of an effective treatment plan for psoriasis. Although TCIs don't arrive with the same side effects as topical corticosteroids, they could still only be used for brief periods of time, and they come with a boxed warning regarding the possible risk of cancer that's associated with these drugs.
Penis Enlargement Remedy is for any man that wishes to increase his penis dimension and boost his life, despite the current dimension of his penis. It is also for males who wish to improve their self confidence when it involves sex and boost their performance in bed. It is for males of any type of age, yet the program designer explains that it will certainly achieve the very best results for guys in their 20s.
It is important to understand before you begin on this program is that it will certainly demand a high degree of dedication. This means that if you wish to obtain the best out of the program you will certainly require to spend effort and time.
The program asserts that it will allow you to achieve gains in the dimension of your penis that will certainly be natural and also long-term. If you don't, you can take part in the 2 month loan back guarantee and obtain your cash reimbursed-- so there really is no risk in giving it a try.
Penis Enlargement Clicking Here Remedy, produced straight from the source by Tom Candow, is a 64 page guide that promises you one-of-a-kind suggestions that will certainly aid you to make your penis at the very least 2-4 inches larger without any kind of extender or tablets. It is based upon stem cell study. It has actually been uncovered that stem cells have the prospective to create into different sorts of cells in the body-- such as muscle mass cells, penile tissue cells or mind cells.
This program claims to show you how to enhance the level of stem cells in your body, then send them to your penis so that you can enhance the size of this body component normally as well as promptly. The he has a good point approach is everything about motivating mobile development, after that doing natural stretching workouts that will certainly motivate the development to occur in your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy includes two different stages. The first is Phase 1, which is everything about the science behind this and also how it works. The 2nd part of the program is Phase 2, which is everything about body workout. The goal of this program is to boost your degrees of HGH (hormone growth aspect). The third phase of the program is everything about penis workouts, which you can make use of to enhance your kegel muscle mass as well as remain to boost the size as well as function of your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy is for any type of guy who intends to enhance his penis dimension as well as improve his life, no matter the existing dimension of his penis. It is also for guys that intend to enhance their self self-confidence when it comes to sex as well as enhance their efficiency in bed. It is for men of any kind of age, however the program creator explains that it will attain the finest results for guys in their 20s.
It is very important to understand prior to you get going on this program is that it will require a high level of commitment. This suggests that if you desire to obtain the ideal out of the program you will certainly require to invest time and also initiative.
The program declares that it will certainly permit you to achieve gains in the size of your penis that will be natural and also long-term. If you don't, you can participate in both month cash back assurance and also obtain your money refunded-- so there truly is no threat in giving it a try.
Penis Enlargement Remedy, produced by Tom Candow, is a 64 web page overview that assures you unique tips that will certainly assist you to make your penis at the very least 2-4 inches bigger with no extender or pills. It is based upon stem cell study. It has actually been uncovered that find here stem cells have the potential to turn into different kinds of cells in the body-- such as muscular tissue cells, penile tissue cells or brain cells.
This program declares to show you just how to raise the degree of stem cells in your body, after that send them to your penis so that you can raise the dimension of this body part normally and swiftly. The technique is everything about encouraging mobile growth, then doing natural extending workouts that will urge the growth to occur Penis Enlargement Remedy in your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy includes two various phases. The initial is Phase check my reference 1, which is all concerning the science behind this as well as exactly how it works. The 2nd component of the program is Phase 2, which is all regarding body exercise. The goal of this program is to enhance your levels of HGH (hormonal agent development variable). The 3rd stage of the program is everything about penis workouts, which you can use to strengthen your kegel muscle mass and remain to improve the dimension as well as function of your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy is for any kind of male who wishes to raise his penis dimension and boost his life, no matter the current dimension of his penis. It is also for males who intend to improve their self self-confidence when it concerns sex and also enhance their efficiency in bed. It is for guys of any kind of age, however the program creator describes that it will accomplish the most effective outcomes for males in their 20s.
It is essential to know before you start on this program is that it will certainly require a high level of dedication. This means that if you wish to obtain the very best out of the program you will certainly require to invest time as well as initiative.
The program claims that it will certainly permit you to achieve gains in the dimension of your penis that will certainly be natural and also permanent. If you do not, you can take component in the two month loan back assurance and also get your cash reimbursed-- so there actually is check my reference no risk in giving it a try.
Penis Enlargement Remedy, developed by Tom Candow, is a 64 web page guide that promises you special pointers that will help you to make your penis at least 2-4 inches larger with no extender or pills. It is based on stem cell research study. It has actually been uncovered that stem cells have the potential to become various kinds of cells in the body-- such as muscle cells, penile tissue cells or mind cells.
This program asserts to show you exactly how to boost the level of stem cells in your body, then send them to your penis to ensure that you can raise the size of this body component naturally and swiftly. The technique is all regarding motivating cellular growth, then doing all-natural extending workouts right here that will certainly motivate the growth to take place in your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy contains two various stages. The very first is Phase 1, which is everything about the science behind this and how it works. The 2nd component of the program is Phase 2, which is all regarding body exercise. The objective of this program is to raise your degrees of HGH (hormone growth variable). The 3rd phase of the program is all about penis workouts, which you can utilize to enhance you could try these out your kegel muscles and also remain to enhance the dimension and also function of your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy is for any man who wants to increase his penis dimension and improve his life, despite the current size of his penis. It is additionally for men who wish to improve their self self-confidence when it comes to sex as well as enhance their performance in bed. It is for guys of any type of age, however the program maker discusses that it will accomplish the most effective results for men in their 20s.
It is necessary to understand prior to you get going on this program is that it will certainly demand a high degree of dedication. This implies that if you intend to get the most effective out of the program you will certainly need to invest effort and time.
The program asserts that it will certainly permit you to accomplish gains in the size of your penis that will be all-natural and long-term. If you do not, you can participate in both month cash back assurance and also obtain your loan refunded-- so there truly is no risk in providing it a try.
Penis Enlargement Remedy, developed by Tom Candow, is a 64 web page guide that promises you distinct pointers that will certainly aid you to make your penis at least 2-4 inches bigger without any type of extender or tablets. It is based upon stem cell see study. It has actually been discovered that stem cells have the potential to become various sorts of cells in the body-- such as muscle cells, penile tissue cells or mind cells.
This program asserts to educate you just how to increase Extra resources the degree of stem cells in your body, after that send them to your penis so that you can increase the size of this body part naturally as well as quickly. The method is everything about encouraging mobile development, after that doing natural stretching exercises that will certainly urge the growth to occur in your penis.
Penis Enlargement Remedy consists of 2 different stages. The very first is Phase 1, which is all about the scientific research discover this behind this and also just how it works. The second part of the program is Phase 2, which is everything about body exercise. The objective of this program is to boost your degrees of HGH (hormone development element). The third stage of the program is everything about penis workouts, which you can utilize to enhance your kegel muscular tissues and proceed to boost the size and also feature of your penis.
1695 teachers thinking in environmental education consciousness and responsibility rethinking childhood v 29 no short description teachers thinking in environmental education consciousness and responsibility rethinking childhood v 29 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1699 grade 12 maths june question papers 2013 no short description grade 12 maths june question papers 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1701 smart car shop manual no short description smart car shop manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1703 the weird wild and wonderful days of school royalty free play scripts for the stage no short description the weird wild and wonderful days of school royalty free play scripts for the stage because this is pdf file * PDF *
1706 the order of odd fish no short description the order of odd fish because this is pdf file * PDF *
1709 sync or swim 201 organizing tips you need to survive the currents of change no short description sync or swim 201 organizing tips you need to survive the currents of change because this is pdf file * PDF *
1715 diamonds in darkness mining treasure from lifes dirtiest places no short description diamonds in darkness mining treasure from lifes dirtiest places because this is pdf file * PDF *
1717 diploma in mechanical engineering workshop lab manual no short description diploma in mechanical engineering workshop lab manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1722 random vibration mechanical structural and earthquake engineering applications advances in earthquake engineering no short description random vibration mechanical structural and earthquake engineering applications advances in earthquake engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
1730 a rose revealed the amish farm trilogy book 3 no short description a rose revealed the amish farm trilogy book 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
Having then need above all other animals for intelligence and reason, these things ﬂourish, art and intelligence, and not only these two things raise us above the other animals. But every trained and clever man of good intelligence overtakes and surpasses any other that is tougher than him, and more full of force.
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!
Dictionary.com defines altruism as “the principle or practice of unselfish concern for or devotion to the welfare of others.” If you strive to live an altruistic life, then you dedicate significant time, energy or support to those around you, either by donating with an organization you care about, volunteering with others or even showing your support for those in your community.
Sometimes, an altruistic life can be challenging. It can sometimes feel overwhelming, unsatisfying or even lonely. At times like these it’s important to know that you’re not in it alone. There are others out there in the world who want to make a difference, too. They even write books about it. We compiled a list of six of the greatest books to read about giving back. These books inspire the altruistic lifestyle and show anyone can make an impact on the world. Let’s explore each of them more in depth.
Published in 2012, this New York Times bestseller offers practical solutions to address some of the world’s most pressing concerns, such as overpopulation, food, water, energy, education, healthcare and freedom. The authors offer a future where nine billion people have access to all of Earth’s resources and everything else necessary for a first world standard of living.
In this 2011 book, authors co-founder of The Bridgespan Group Thomas J. Tierney, and Duke professor Joel L. Fleishman, pool together their hands-on nonprofit knowledge to present a definitive guide to engaged philanthropy for donors.
Originally published in 2009, Katie Davis’s autobiography shares her story of courage and love. At just 18-years-old, Davis left her hometown, friends, family and boyfriend of Nashville, Tennessee, to move to Uganda, adopt 13 children and establish a ministry. If you want to read a personal impact story of altruism, this is the book for you.
From the same husband and wife team who brought to life the #1 New York Times bestseller Half the Sky comes their next best book in 2014. This book shares a deep examination of people who are making the world a better place, along with the myriad of ways we can support them. With research and reporting, the writers share on the art and science of giving.
David Peter Stroh’s 2015 book helps readers contribute more effectively to society by teaching them what systems thinking is and why it is important in their work. It also provides concrete guidance on how to incorporate systems thinking into problem solving, decision making and strategic planning. For donors and nonprofit leaders, this is the book to start with.
What would you do if someone granted you $3 billion to accomplish something great in the world? In 2006, legendary investor Warren Buffett posed this question to his son Howard Graham Buffett. So, Howard set out to help the most vulnerable on the planet—nearly a billion people who lack food security. He gave himself a deadline of 40 years to put the resources to work on the challenge. In this 2013 manifesto, Howard shares his journey and an informative guidebook for how to ignite real changes in the world.
Altruism might feel like a lonely journey at times, but that could not be further from the truth. If you want to live a more altruistic lifestyle, start by checking out some of these six great books on giving back. Dive in, learn something new and be inspired to truly make an impact on the world.
Sri lankan dating - we are one of the most popular and simplest online dating sites to chat, flirt, or date with beautiful people online. Start using our dating site and find love or new relationship in your location sri lankan man - register on this dating site to get crazy in love start. I asked her out, we began dating we had dating sri lankan but is afraid of what her family will think of her bringing home a man outside of her. Topface — a free dating service in sri lanka and around the world meet guys and girls online, make friends and find your true love now. But indian and sri lankan guys in my opinion are kinda decent and are quite respectful to girls but be warnedquite a large portion are possessive of their gals but as friends, they are people who go all out for you as for the sex thingmost indian and sri lankan girls have sex only after marriage. I am currently dating/seeing a sri lankan guy he's from colombo he's a student & has only been in australia for a year he seems to like me a lot as he's always ringing/texting me. Sri lankan man - online dating is simple and fun way to meet new people register in our dating site for free, don't miss an opportunity to find your love. I'm an american girl dating a sri lankan guy my boyfriend was born in sri lanka, but has lived in the us since he was 4 years old he is very.
-the ones raised in the us are not man sluts (although the ones in sri lanka are the polar opposite) perhaps because women in the us are on the larger end, at times larger than some of the sinhalese men whereas women in sri lanka are rather tiny, which naturally make sexual acts easier between men and women. Start using our dating site and find love or new relationship in your location sri lankan guys - register on this dating site to red head man conversation. Dating in sri lanka browse all sri lanka single men or sri lanka single women rmsachith 31, battaramulla south , western province kusal257 22, kegalle. Meet thousands of beautiful single women online seeking men for dating, love, marriage in sri lanka. Sri lanka dating for singles from sri lanka meet singles online from sri lanka now registration is 100% free. Cupidlanka | sri lanka dating site is the leading online dating site in sri lanka meet, date, chat, and create relationships with attractive men cupidlanka | sri lanka dating site is the leading online dating site in sri lanka.
Sri lankan single men thousands of photos and profiles of men seeking romance, love and marriage from sri lanka. Sri lankan men solitaire - visibility clear halogen lamps offered cheap tickets, air rate in filing legal skills. Sri lanka's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in sri lanka can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's sri lanka personals are full of single guys in sri lanka looking for girlfriends and dates. Sri lanka expat forum ~ relationship with sri lankan i am a white australian married to a sri lankan man i have been dating a gentleman from sri lanka.
Free to join & browse - 1000's of women in sri lanka - interracial dating, relationships & marriage with ladies & females online. Sri lankan women looking for men - nowadays online dating become fast and easy, register in our dating site and start meeting, chatting with new people right now.
Willing to make your dating life brighter stop right there doulike has a large list of singles in sri lanka where you will definitely find your soulmate. Meet thousands of fun, attractive, sri lanka men and sri lanka women for free no gimmicks, no tricks stop paying for online dating now join our site and meet single sri lanka men and single sri lanka women looking to meet quality singles for fun and dating in sri lanka click on any of the cities in sri lanka below to meet members looking to.
Tired of trying to meet someone special by spending your nights in bars and clubs become a member of online dating sri lanka for free and find romance in your neighbourhood, online dating sri lanka.
Single women are searching for single men in sri lanka and now you can do it with doulike, an awesome online dating personal service join us and see lots of interesting people located in sri lanka and find the person for you with doulike.
Sri lankan man - welcome to one of the largest online dating sites where you can find potential matches according to your location register for free and start dating online.
Punk sri lankan men - sri lankan dating - sri lanka browse listings of male singles here at sri lanka personals that are tagged with punk meeting other singles that have similar interests is an ideal way to come up with ideas to do on a first date.
Dating vip sri lanka is here to help you change your dating life for the better get in touch with other singles and find that special someone for a romance, datingvip sri lanka.
Meetlankacom is the largest, fastest growing dating website for meeting new people in sri lanka chat with sri lankan men and women. Online dating site in sri lanka with bikini sri lanka women and fat sri lanka men waydatecom is a 100% free sri lanka online dating join of the best sri lanka web dating. Single sri lankan girls 3,623 likes 1,155 talking about this thousands of beautiful sri lankan single girls are searching for love, romance and. Badoo create account sign in more options msn men women email sri lanka sri jayawardenepura kotte, sri lanka.
Browse our glen rock, pa single-family homes for sale view property photos and listing details of available homes on the market. Single parenting news and opinion shaka senghor and glen henry share the lessons parenthood has taught single parents are not. Seminar experts you covenant fellowship church in glen mills providing ministry to single parents and training for single-parent family ministry leaders. Official rock glen apartments for rent see photos, current prices, floor plans, and details for 505 apartments in rock glen, pa. Welcome to glen rock middle school daily announcements can be found under announcements check out our twitter feed for up to. If you’re a single parent, you may be tired, overwhelmed, and feeling a bit under-appreciated that’s why we created single & parenting groups - to share tips and parenting wisdom that will help you find rest, hope, and encouragement. Meet single parents in glen rock, new jersey online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single parents. Here are some guidelines for single parents to make the most of your family life and situation.
Slippery rock's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of pennsylvania single parents and meet people like you through our free slippery rock single parent personal ads and online chat rooms. Find meetups in glen ellyn, illinois about single parents and meet people in your local community who share your interests. 59 single family homes for sale in glen rock nj view pictures of homes, review sales history, and use our detailed filters to find the perfect place. For parents about us principal's office athletics athletic schedules 600 harristown road, glen rock, nj 07452 phone 201-445-7700, ext 8930.
Located on the outskirts of arkona, rock glen conservation area is a unique island of nature in ausable bayfield watersheds hike along ausable gorge or. Glen rock, nj – two glen rock boe looks to streamline parent fee collection for sports, clubs by lianna albrizio, correspondent april. 13 reasons to be jealous (yes single parent homes call for versatile role shifting single moms have a monopoly on the values their children are raised with.
Get directions, maps, and traffic for rock glen, ny check flight prices and hotel availability for your visit. The continental pipeline company donated the rock in the glen park property to the town of glenrock in august 1982 the park property has direct access from the glenrock jaycee park on the west edge of glenrock the rock in the glen still has the names of the some of the emigrants that passed. You know, a single parent on your gloria gaynor's i will survive, suicidal tendencies' institutionalized and glen hansard's song of good hope are.
Oakland single parents' network is powered by the sharetribe marketplace platform want to create your own online marketplace website like oakland single parents' network.
The rock: it a big rock - see 30 traveler reviews, 14 candid photos, and great deals for glen rock, nj, at tripadvisor.
The single mom survival kit 9: a bucketful of dreams especially as single parents hey rev mall,shelly, linda, tglen, no prayers jamie.
Rock glen family resort ro ck glen has all the benefits above plus so much more we have investments for single parents.
Students to walk out of high school wednesday - ridgewood-glen rock, nj - 'there have been threats made and every single time there is one, my friends and i think we are going to die,' said one student organizer.
Single family (8) reset start a new search this stunning community is now selling beautiful new homes in round rock, texas glen ellyn.
How do successful single parents keep it all together author, blogger and single mom christine coppa shares her advice for surviving (and thriving) as a single parent. Residential properties rock glen apartments surround yourself in with attractive landscaping and thoughtful amenities at rock glen apartments. Book the rock glen country house hotel (a manor house hotel) - situated in clifden, this romantic hotel is within 3 mi (5 km) of station house museum, alcock and brown memorial, and alcock and brown landing site. 1 bedroom (with double bed), loft (with 2 single beds), 1 futon in main area, 1 bathroom, kitchenette view book. Get directions, maps, and traffic for rock glen, pa check flight prices and hotel availability for your visit. Rock church: single parent family ministry, san diego, ca 465 likes we meet on the 1st and 3rd wednesday of every month we meet in room 225 of the.
At 86, mt shasta man sinks first hole-in-one his foursome included: randy furry of mount shasta, dale zeigler of mount shasta and bud rogers of shingletown. Meet single asian women & men in mount shasta, california online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find asian singles. Mount shasta for the first time is struck temperatures have varied over the years from recent investigations suggest both mount st helens and mount shasta. Of a group of 500 people, 60 are fit enough to climb mount shasta in california the group has 300 women and 200 men 12% of the men are fit to climb the - 5427539. Nice mobil located in the corner of the park with a mount shasta view single story explore since we carry over the same listings for homes when they. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of gay single men in mount shasta, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site.
No matter the season, follow your favorite team's ws & ls with us full coverage, schedules, scores & stats for pro, college & hs sports. When i first caught sight of it i was weary and 50 miles away and upon seeing mount shasta in the gratifying sizzle of dinner cooking over an open. 100% free mount shasta personals & dating bookofmatchescom™ offers mount shasta free dating and personals for local single men and/or women. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, personals, services, local community, and events. Single mount shasta males interested in dating are you looking for mount shasta males look through the profile previews below to see if you can find your ideal partner.
Almost 25 million american men over age 40 the human condition / over-40 bachelors : single minded says unmarried men over 50 outnumber unmarried. Over 60 single chat, date & find single men and women looking for love online exclusive dating website for 0ver 60+ men and women join free.
Sold: 3 bed, 25 bath, 1935 sq ft house located at 1096 mount shasta rd, big bear, ca 92314 sold for $385,000 on aug 4, 2017 mls# ev17134970 whispering forest - outstanding 3+25 home w/so many. Over time, an ancestral mount shasta stratovolcano was built to a large but unknown height sometime between 300,000 and 360,000 years ago the entire north side of. Shasta state historic park located at shasta is a ghost town and california state the median age was 506 years for every 100 females age 18 and over.
See homes for sale in mount shasta, ca homefindercom is your local home source with millions of listings, and thousands of open houses updated daily. Buy $250 quarter eagle the name came from mount shasta which came from an the median age in shasta today is 39 and females have a slight population edge over. Find dates on zoosk mount shasta single women over 50 interested in dating and making new friends use zoosk date smarter date online with zoosk. A 60-year-old hiker has died after falling 1,000 feet on mount shasta but his 16-year-old son has been rescued.
Mount kilimanjaro climb – lemosho route rei's adventures are led by super-knowledgeable (784) california (cst 2076080-50.
Soul connections: best metaphysical store in downtown mt shasta - see 18 traveler reviews, candid photos, and great deals for mount shasta, ca, at tripadvisor.
Single mount shasta males interested in dating looking for mount shasta males check out the the latest members below and you.
Alder gardens located in mount shasta ca with service to surrounding cities international properties in over 36 countries in 11 men / women 55+ distribution. Our network of single men and women in shasta county is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend singles dating in mount shasta. Whether mount shasta is the first major climbing mt shasta: avalanche gulch route & directions last i’ve been on this route four times over the. Mount shasta news, mount shasta including state highway 3 over scott mountain summit requiring a gpa of 350 to 374. Are you single my name is markus and i created pofcom my site is completely free and we generate about 800,000 relationships a year most of our users are single professionals who want to meet someone.
Every era has its own vision of female beauty. It is a composite of hair-styles, make-up, physical attributes, and clothing--a 'look'.
Our current look in 2009 depends on thinness--faces are defined by bone structure, enhanced by subtle but often heavy make-up; clothes are sleek on wand-thin bodies, hair is coloured and often straight.
The 1980's look was defined by big shoulder pads, big hair and bright makeup highlighting strong facial structure.
The 1960's look focussed on the eyes--wide eyes with absurdly long mascaraed or artificial eyelashes. Mini-skirts were the fashion focus, and boy-cuts--short feathered 'dos were popular for hair.
In the 1930's the ideal face was round, eyebrows were a bold half-circle, lips were bright and full, noses small, and marcelled hair was styled short to increase the 'round' look.
I've been struck over the years by the Regency look. Portraits don't display the look clearly, because any good portrait artist will at least try to illustrate his subject's individual face. But the look becomes clear as you study Ackermann's fashion plates, and any of the other period fashion illustrations.
The ideal Regency face was oval--either short or long, but always egg-smooth, without defining cheek or jaw bones. The lips were small verging on tiny, a rosebud of a mouth. Noses are shown as surprisingly substantial but always straight. And the eyes--well-opened and innocent--are very wide-set.
The garish makeup--white lead, red rouge and patches--of the 1700s had disappeared, and the Victorian prohibition on paint and powder had not yet taken effect. Make-up in the Regency was used sparingly, subtly, but it was there, reddening lips, lightening complexions. Hair-styles were generally high, elongating the oval, except for those brief periods when cropped curls were popular. And of course, the straight-skirted, high-waisted fashions of the time further elongated the fashionable tall, slender figure.
One of the key structures of Regency society was the system of aristocracy that ruled England. One of the most difficult things, it seems, for authors--particularly North American authors--to grasp is the system of titles that organized that aristocracy.
We use a great many titles in Regency romance. It is part of the fascination of the period for readers. Regency historicals seem to be particularly fond of dukes. That is surprising for there were never very many around and most of them were royal. But the imaginary world of the Regency is overrun with them. Likewise there have never been many marquesses in England, but I have one of those among my heroes. These days I seem to be leaning more to viscounts and barons, but who knows when another earl or marquess will pop up!
If an author is going to use titles, she must do her characters the courtesy of addressing them properly. The feminine side of the peerage nomenclature is equally as important as the male. A working knowledge of the system should be the first thing every Regency romance author pursues.
I've read two books Regencies recently in which a baron or baronet (eg. Sir Firstname Lastname) was called, repeatedly, Sir Lastname. It always, always, always, is Sir Firstname, and I find this an unforgiveable error. It's so easy to look up, and there are plenty of reference websites and books available to help:
- "Titles and Forms of Address: a guide to their correct usage" by A & C Black Publishers, 22th print ed. 2007 is an impeccable resource
- Emily Hendrickson's "The Regency Reference Book" has a great section on titles. You can purchase it on CD-ROM.
This is admittedly a vast field of study. I'm still learning about it. But the basics are easily picked up. I hope every author of historical romance takes the time to do so.
Rather than cross-post, I'm going to refer you to the blog at which I am guesting today. Please visit me at Prairie Chicks Write Romance. I'm there all day today, Sat March 14, answering questions and comments. We're talking about scheduling new releases, the juggling act that writers do sometimes, and other authorly problems. Please join me at Prairie Chicks.
I'm delighted to announce that my new release, "Emilina's Conquest" is now available at Uncial Press http://www.uncialpress.com/books/emilinas/emilinas.html This is my fourth Novel Byte and will be followed in October this year by a fifth, "Lost in Almack's".
And by the way, do check out my Regency Fancies store again. We have updated it and added new products.
I have a new contest up on my website. If you'd like to enter it, please visit the home page http://www.lesleyannemcleod.com/ and go to the guestbook to sign up and be entered in the draw. The prize this time--for March and April--is a blank, lined journal with Shakoriel's Regency art on the cover. The journal is from our CafePress store, Regency Fancies www.cafepress.com/regencyfancies
When we started the CafePress store, I just wanted Shakoriel's Regency art to find a bigger market. It is so good, so evocative of the Regency period, that it seemed to me it deserved a larger audience than it could find if it remained only on my website.
I am so fortunate to have a resident artist. And I am so lucky she doesn't charge me an arm and a leg for every illustration. She's just starting out, glad for the commissions, and I'm happy to give her the work. Because you see, there just isn't a lot of Regency art available for use, for reasonable prices.
I need art for website information, for book trailers, for promotional materials and for covers. I comb out of copyright books (thank goodness for Google Books and Project Gutenberg), free clip art sites and Dover's invaluable clip art series for appropriate illustrations. There is a Regency romance writer who does a great deal of promotion, and she uses literally dozens of the grand Regency artworks to illustrate her essays, blogs and newsletters. I don't know how she affords it. I certainly can't. Most of the Regency art that you will see on book covers, websites and various publications is all copyrighted at stock art agencies. It costs a fortune to use original Regency art--at least $300-$500 for a single time use. Places like Mary Evans Picture Library, and Corbis.com, and Clipart.com, are invaluable, but they cost, big-time.
If the picture is from a book, you can't use it without permission or licensing. If it's on a website, you need to make sure it hasn't come from somewhere else without permission. I tried to get permission from the publisher to use Barbosa's art from Theresa Chris' out of print book. They didn't even answer my letter. So I am using it but with full attribution, and even then, it's a risk. The Internet is a huge problem for artists--as much as it makes their work available to the world, it also makes it available for pirating. As I work in the creative field, I am concerned about pirating. And I want my illustrations to be legal and above-board. But I do want to have lots of Regency art.
As I've said before I'm a visually oriented person. I want to see what the Regency looked like and I want to show my readers what it looked like. Shakoriel helps me do that.
EVERY FRIDAY we'll be rolling out a little something called The CultureHype Collective. What is that? One could call it a dream team, our crew of preferred vendors who are killing it in the Big D & beyond. Meet The Collective.
Cinderblock began as a creative outlet for two filmmakers, Jake Ryan Hull & Nick Melita & has grown into a full service film production agency. They've worked with 80+ artists/musicians as well as expanded their clientele to include corporate, commercial, & non profits.
Nick: I'd like to think Cinderblock's work with musicians has helped some of them advance their careers. Even if it's as small as booking one extra show because they had a quality video. I'm proud that Cinderblock has built a reputation as music curators. One of our greatest passions is finding, promoting & collaborating with talented individuals.
Jake: My team & I at Cinderblock bring something special for musicians & music lovers. When we started in 2014, there were not any locally owned companies supporting musicians with video content as frequently as we did. We saw a need and we filled it. We built a community around us that mutually benefited all parties that chose to be a part of it. Over the last 3 years, several large companies have changed their business models to not support the artists as much while our boutique company has held steadfast doing the same thing we originally set off to do: Give our time & talents to help artists that deserve to be recognized.
Jake: It’s great when your profession allows you to call going to concerts “work.” I never went to many shows growing up so I am making it up now by going to as many shows as possible. Networking is just a bonus.
Nick: I have three: (1) dumb tattoo. (1) John Mayer lyric. (1) video game reference. (so 3 dumb tattoos)
Jake: Definitely Bon Iver’s album 21, A Million . It takes me through every feeling while continuously hyping me up to take on life.
Nick: The cost of living in Dallas is low enough to allow young creatives to function while being just broke enough to get by when they first start out. I don't think Cinderblock would have been able to grow at the rate it did if we had gotten our start in another city. We would've had to hold at least 2 other jobs just to live.
Jake: I find inspiration in other people's success. Whether in business or creative. It sparks ideas & creativity out me like nothing else. It’s competitive but not in a mean spirited way. Competition is important for me to push myself.
How did you come about being involved in the business you’re in? When did you know that’s what you wanted to do?
Nick: I was fired from a job I hated. One week later, I met a guy at a bar that produced TV commercials and asked him for a job. From there I started freelancing on TV commercials & began to learn the film business from the bottom up. In that time, Jake & I began working together and created Cinderblock Sessions because we wanted to work with other creatives. It didn't take long to realize that we could take that project and turn it into a full-time music video production company. Its been almost 3 years since the first Cinderblock Session & we're busier than ever & creating more interesting and meaningful work than ever before!
Jake: I always thought I would go to college & get a degree (get a job, get married, & then die) but soon realized that I hated school so I dropped out & found myself working in the entertainment industry for the Dallas Cowboys and then Disney in different capacities. It was those experiences that led me to having enough confidence to start working for myself & pairing up with my business partner, Nick, to start the Cinderblock Sessions. Music had become a huge part of my life after school so I found that combining a passion with work would be the easiest way to start a fun project that I could experiment with. After doing 5 or 6 sessions, I had a moment during a show that I thought, “this is could be a career.” The music and arts scene just fell in my lap after that.
If you’re trying to combine a restaurant and a nightclub, having a rock star chef certainly helps. At least that’s the idea behind The Brixton, the posh new addition to the ever-growing Shops at Legacy. The hybrid restaurant-lounge is putting celebrity chef Patrick Stark in the kitchen and (occasionally) on the stage.
Keenan Fields is exclusively associated with commercial/industrial housing since 1987. He expended 13 decades with Zyndorf/Serchuk until its merger with Signature Associates in July of 2002. He has managed all elements of the disposition of business/industrial Qualities for various shoppers and it is certified during the States of Ohio and Michigan.
Personnel: We regard all workers and encourage individual progress through teaching and promotion. We strongly think that the success of our organization relies on continuing development of personnel Studying.
Surroundings: We will always Adhere to the legislation and our own working methods during the discharge of air, waste h2o, and solid squander.
MISSION: Give personalized approach enhancement providers for companies who certainly desire to make important, Long lasting changes.
Since an ISO9001:2008 program by now contains a corrective and preventive action program, no have to reinvent the wheel. Just set the noncompliances and preventive actions for your accounting and finance troubles in addition. In the case from the SOA audits, findings are termed as sizeable or material. Back again to Index
Joe has 30 a long time of knowledge with Signature Associates within the commercial housing market. His palms-on tactic has aided him provide or lease greater than $800 million of commercial real-estate. He specializes in eastside industrial as well as advanced multi-marketplace transactions through the entire country. Joe’s extensive expertise with the two current products and new building has designed him a number one producer while in the marketplace for more than 1 / 4 century.
Peter functions within our Making Surveying staff and is head of dilapidations and agreement administration.
Trina specialises in advancement consultancy and land sales, along with viability and feasibility reviews for arranging uses.
Gary is really a Principal and among Your Domain Name the list of founding associates of Signature Associates. He specializes in industrial and Hello-tech property, in which he correctly represents homeowners, obtains certified tenants, and it has negotiated a myriad of each intricate as well as widespread transactions for over thirty several years.
arrow_forward Write-up Celebration Vacation REPORT Attendee Testimonials "I usually stroll away from a SCOPE conference having a new appreciation for a way perfectly it’s operate and impressed While using the depth on the shows. The presentations aren’t entirely strategic or for that matter solely operational.
Luke focuses primarily on investment real estate transactions including office, industrial, retail, and multi-spouse and children Attributes. Luke’s initially noteworthy transaction happened in 2014 as he spearheaded the repositioning and disposition imp source of J.
One more component is Controller's and/or CEO's don't want to get difficulties or obtaining from their exterior accounting auditors. A bad audit report could mail the cost of a firm's stock down and open up Senior Management as much as legislation suits from buyers. It is a real issue and is also resulting in company's to go along with third party consultants to assist in the SOA compliance energy. These consultants can be very costly and at this time, Use a seller's market place since unlike ISO9001 audits, You will find a fairly insufficient standardization on pre-assessments due to the fact There is not a one particular dimension suits all approach, nor are there necessarily standardized ways for large, medium and/or modest companies.
Just before his real-estate vocation, Kegan worked inside the automotive sector in just a number of positions which includes income, service and engineering.
He became controlling director to the business in April 2018 investigate this site and oversees the daily jogging and efficiency of the business and manages its organization operations and service supply groups. He specialises in LPA receivership function.
“Teaching about autism and intelligence, the cost of nonparticipation by so many, and the opportunities for us as a society is the focus of my life.”
John Smyth wrote those words in January, 2012 as the opening of his essay called “I Am Who I Am”. This desire to actively advocate for the rights of nonverbal autistics has been the driving force that has motivated and propelled him forward despite great difficulty and adversity.
His personal battle to attain a real education, not just be warehoused in “life skills” classes, has been a long and hard-fought struggle. He and his parents had to fight against a bureaucracy that refused to acknowledge the possibility that he might actually have been competent and intelligent enough to complete a general course of study. In fact, the school board of the city they had been living in was so intransigent, that the family had to move to a nearby town that was more progressive and receptive to new ideas about education for the disabled.
“I experienced resentment and regret and anger toward the teachers I had in earlier years who didn’t discover that I was intelligently present, waiting for a lifeline of communication. I would still experience it except that I am able to accept that they didn’t know and they had their own stories of reality and I am able to create a future rather than live in the past.
We need to open ways not to want to waste the time and resources already being spent so that intelligence is appropriately tracked and satisfactorily supported.”
John took great satisfaction in proving all the naysayers wrong when he received his Core 40 diploma from Brownsburg (IN) High School (with a 3.8 GPA) in September of 2015. He has been accepted to, and will attend, Marian University in Indianapolis in January of 2016. [Note: Indiana’s Core 40 is the academic foundation all students need to succeed in college, apprenticeship programs, military training and the workforce.]
One of the biggest issues John and many other nonverbal autistic students face when dealing with school administrators is the presumption of their competence, or lack thereof. It is especially important that difficulties with communication not be taken as evidence of intellectual competence, as is often the case. It is easy for school administrators and teachers to make a blanket assumption that non-verbal autistics are mentally disabled as well as physically.
The fight to overcome those often mistaken assumptions is one of the most frustrating aspects of the intelligent but non-verbal autistic. John strongly believes that although a person may be unable to demonstrate what she or he thinks and feels, or may have great difficulty being understood, she or he should not be further handicapped by the attitudes of others.
“I experienced resentment and regret and anger toward the teachers I had in earlier years who didn’t discover that I was intelligently present, waiting for a lifeline of communication.”
When it comes to the presumption of competence, autistic children are doubly stigmatized. On the one hand, they are often dismissed as “low functioning” or mentally retarded, especially if they have poor speaking skills, as many do. Yet when autistics do show exceptional abilities, such as uncanny visual discrimination and memory for detail, their flashes of brilliance are marginalized as aberrations, mere symptoms of their higher order cognitive deficit. They often earn a dubious promotion to “idiot savant.”
After his long struggle to gain acceptance and acquire the education he so greatly desired, it would not be unrealistic to expect John to have become bitter and resentful about his ordeals. But that’s just not in his nature. Instead, John looks at the problems that he faced, and tries to come up with solutions so that the next generation of nonverbal autistics won’t have to deal with them all over again.
To that end, John wrote “My Solution to Provide Nonverbal Autistics with Gen Ed School Credits” in September, 2015, in which he provided one possible solution to the problem of providing nonverbal autistics with an equitable education.
“My vision and ultimate goal is that all autistic persons who desire it have access to the same quality of education as everyone else, that educators first presume competence rather than an inability to learn, and that they are provided with the tools and support needed to make this a reality.”
Do you have a question you would like to ask me? Have something to say about this site or its contents? Just submit this form and I will respond as soon as I can.
We encourage you to use the resources on this page to explore the academic offerings at Johnson Upper Elementary.
Joe joined Johnson Investment Counsel in 2017 as a Research Analyst. Before joining the firm, he served as Vice President at Stephens Inc. Prior to that, Joe was as a Summer Equity Analyst at Invesco Ltd. and held equity research roles at BMO Capital Markets and Raymond James Financial. Joe graduated with a BSBA, cum laude, from the University of Arkansas and he holds an MBA from Emory University. He earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2010.
If you have ever volunteered at Second Harvest Food Bank, you know that food safety is a major part of our work.
There are important ways that you can protect your food at home in the event of an emergency. As Hurricane Florence will undoubtedly impact our state our state later this week, we have compiled a few easy tips and rules that you can use in your home (adapted from the Federal Drug Administration Food Safety Guidelines).
1.	If you can, put an appliance thermometers in your refrigerator and freezer. Freezer temperature should be at or below 0° F, and the refrigerator should be at or below 40° F.
2.	Freeze containers of water in the freezer to help keep food cold. These can be kept in the freezer, refrigerator, or in coolers in case the power goes out. Melting ice can also supply safe drinking water.
3.	Freeze refrigerated items such as leftovers, milk, and fresh meat and poultry that you may not need immediately to keep them at a safe temperature longer.
5.	Store food on shelves that will be safely out of the way of contaminated water in case of flooding.
1.	Keep refrigerator and freezer doors closed as much as possible to maintain the cold temperature. The refrigerator will keep food cold for about 4 hours after a power outage if it is unopened. A full freezer will keep the temperature for approximately 48 hours (24 hours if it is half full) if the door remains closed.
2.	You can purchase dry or block ice to keep the refrigerator as cold as possible if the power is going to be out for a prolonged period of time. Fifty pounds of dry ice should keep an 18 cubic foot, fully stocked freezer cold for 48 hours.
3.	If you plan to eat refrigerated or frozen meat, poultry, fish, or eggs while they are still at safe temperatures, it is important that each item is thoroughly cooked to a safe minimum internal temperature to ensure that any foodborne bacteria that may be present are destroyed. However, if at any point the food was above 40º F for 2 hours or more (or 1 hour if temperatures are above 90 º F) — discard it.
1.	If an appliance thermometer was kept in the freezer, check the temperature when the power comes back on. If the freezer thermometer reads 40° F or below, the food is safe and may be refrozen.
2.	If a thermometer has not been kept in the freezer, check each package of food to determine its safety. You can’t rely on appearance or odor. If the food still contains ice crystals or is 40° F or below, it is safe to refreeze or cook.
3.	Refrigerated food should be safe as long as the power was out for no more than 4 hours and the refrigerator door was kept shut. Discard any perishable food (such as meat, poultry, fish, eggs, or leftovers) that has been at temperatures above 40° F for 2 hours or more (or 1 hour if temperatures are above 90º F).
Perishable food such as meat, poultry, seafood, milk, and eggs that are not kept adequately refrigerated or frozen may cause illness if consumed, even when they are thoroughly cooked.
Second Harvest Food Bank of Northwest NC is a proud resource and partner for more than 450 on-the-ground food assistance programs across an 18-county service region. Together, we address immediate needs for food assistance in our communities and work to end hunger through education, outreach, advocacy and collaborative partnerships working to support long-term, positive change for families.
Did Thanksgiving sneak up on your? It's not too late to order Thanksgiving To Go from Providence Restaurant!�twitter.com/i/web/status/1…XU
RT @ProvidenceWS: “Where else can an organization like Second Harvest Food Bank exist and be allowed and nurtured to thrive and to try inno…
Your email address will be stored so that we may contact you again about your comment, but will not be displayed to the public, or otherwise shared, without your permission.
At LeadGenerators, we specialise in content-led Online Marketing Strategies for our clients in the travel industry and other sectors. With our professional writing team and our superb content creation programmes we achieve great marketing successes for our clients.
As everybody gears up to book family holidays to Croatia, those who’ve never visited this wonderful country may have some apprehensions as to the reality of its 'child friendliness'. Rest assured it is, in my experience, one of the most family friendly destinations you could choose in terms of its s...
I've long been a fan of family holidays to Croatia; this small but perfectly formed country has so much going for it in terms of history, culture, art…and plenty of the stuff children love as well! The medieval city of Dubrovnik is the ideal base if you're travelling with the family, with a wealth o...
An enchanting blend of history, culture and the modern Mediterranean lifestyle, Croatia is a wonderful place for a family holiday. It still remains one of the world's most unspoilt destinations in all the ways that matter, even if it’s not a place that can be described these days as ‘undiscovered’. ...
Where do you want to go - Tahiti, Hawaii or Peru? It may seem too good to be true, but winning a holiday competition and spending a week or two in an exotic location with your partner is a reality for people every year and an excellent way to see the world. In case you have doubts about the legitima...
If you are that person who is never without your camera, or who others count on to photograph get-togethers, a travel photo competition may be just for you. Turn your love of snapping pics into an opportunity to win a holiday or another great prize, as well as all the accolades and recognition that ...
There’s few things more idyllic than a summer holiday: walking through sun-baked streets, watching the kids play in the sand while you sunbathe, and slurping up ice creams. However, picking a destination can be hard, especially when you want to keep travel time down: as a father of three myself, I k...
If you have just arrived into Marbella and are looking to spend your first day exploring the city, then look no further. After travelling from the UK and from Málaga Airport to Marbella, you’ll have needed the first night to relax, but by the next day you will no doubt be ready for the off.
For passionate nature lovers, the best part of the whole travel experience is discovering more about the natural wonders of the places they are visiting. While Marbella may be brimming with shops and glamorous restaurants frequented by the well heeled and those of celebrity status, for the more down...
As a travel enthusiast myself and a father of three beautiful kids, I know only too well the struggle of finding a child-friendly hotel. A good family hotel needs to offer spacious or connecting rooms, sufficient facilities and be child-friendly, all while remaining within your price range, and even...
If you’re taking a young family on holidays to Sicily, it usually isn't too long before you encounter (often, quite by accident) a very charming aspect of the local culture: that of the "pupari". The art of puppeteering has been a popular local folk culture since the 15th century, and I've discovere...
Roger Lewis holds a doctorate in language and literacy from a major midwestern university. His inter...more
while the fuller rake tip allows the fin to generate power through carves and drive in fuller sections of the wave.
The S-Drive is a high performance fin designed to be surfed in all conditions and suits for medium to heavier weighted surfers.
For me, the fulsome black metal fodder is slowly starting to unleash some of its better products. Gaunt, Forgjord and Witch In Her Tomb were all grim affairs, culminating impeccable atmosphere and sonorous power, but Axis Of Light is an even grimmer group of composers, embracing all that is shrill and sonorously ear-piercing upon mankind with their Ep, ‘By the Hands Of The Consuming Fire’’. It’s amazing how such noisy black metal ferocity doesn’t sound dissonant or fibrously detached, but Axis Of Light thrive their already attained advantage even further, elevating towards a stark atmosphere that’s by far the shrillest I’ve heard all year. This disturbing excursion is far from its uttermost peek, but it still appeals to me much better than many other hazy interruptions I’ve been through this year so far.
‘’By The Hands Of The Consuming Fire’’ is completely buzzy, statically chaotic, encompassing and deliberately intruding. It’s no major departure from any sound that its relevantly similar to, and the most satisfying way to describe their formula would be calling them a more sombre and gelid version of Burzum. Of course, there’s more than just grimly complemented Burzum here, obviously. First off, the production is rawer than any Burzum record (if not, equally as raw as Burzum’s most primal offerings) and as much as it espouses a darkened, spectral tide, it does tend to frequently blast out raw barrages of hazy and piercing savagery. It beholds a mournful splendour that one can only hope to have, beautiful, entrancing but frigid as cold winter night. Each riff is just as pleasuring as it is ear scratching and gnawing, with a noise-y, gritty tone adding substantial bleakness and electric to the charged cluster of tremolos.
The gnawing lament does not end there, however, as the vocals on ‘’By The Hands of The Consuming Fire’’ are shrill, shattering weeps and highly raspy shrieks that travel through luminous crudity, alongside a cavernous brand of underlying reverb, and finally scratching its way to your ear drums. The vocals are even sharper than the riffs and it’s probably the bleak, vague rasps that stayed on my mind the most. Despite the fuzzed nature of the implements, the atmosphere actually adopts a far more earthly sound, far more luminous than its contemporaries, lightly engulfing the listener in an aura that is kilter and organic. The benign sound of the atmosphere is magnificent and is soft even under the rough bloodshed that occurs above.
I honestly can’t praise this enough. Axis Of Light managed to create something that’s harmonious in a hazy way and accessible, despite the fact that it will still not grab the attention of many atmosphere-enemies. It’s not flawless, I’ll warn you about that, but it has frigid beauty and atmosphere written all over it and for fans who are into such sharp and gritting raw atmospheric black metak should get on this as fast as they can, and I’m not sure whether the band’s future moves are positive or not, but for now this will suffice and be cherished, no matter how short it is.
This blog mainly consists of reviews and was born as the product of numerous interactions of metal and writing. The main purpose is to support bands all across the globe, little or big, and to satisfy my thirst for writing. Unfortunately, the only time I can really get prolific with my reviews is on lengthy holidays, and my basic aim is to make 5-10 reviews a month - a considerably good achievement for me. Rarely, I'll post interviews, and I also tend exchange reviews with fellow blogs every now and then.
Bands, labels and PRs: I apologize for any unanswered mails/promo invitations, but I try to skim over all of them as carefully as possibly, though some of them may just get lost in a jungle of spam. As of July 2017, I have recommenced reviewing.
Just to expand on my previous point. Cleverness overcomes strength. And what is greater still and almost incredible: sapiens dominabitur astris. An art that conquers all, and dominates anyone who wouldfight you or stand against you, is born from the afore said cleverness and other piercing thinking. And not just one man against another, but also a method and the possibility is born for one man to overcome many people. And not only is shown the way and theory of combating the adversary, and to defend yourself against him, but also is taught advice on how to take the weapon from his hand.
1734 cca 2013 football officiating manual no short description cca 2013 football officiating manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1736 science with magnets science activities no short description science with magnets science activities because this is pdf file * PDF *
1737 advanced transaction models and architectures advanced transaction models and architectures no short description advanced transaction models and architectures advanced transaction models and architectures because this is pdf file * PDF *
1742 christmas for solo singers medium high voice book and cd no short description christmas for solo singers medium high voice book and cd because this is pdf file * PDF *
1745 i can fix that home repair guide for the new home owner no short description i can fix that home repair guide for the new home owner because this is pdf file * PDF *
1749 classical social theory in use interpretation and application for educators and other non specialists no short description classical social theory in use interpretation and application for educators and other non specialists because this is pdf file * PDF *
1751 the art of illustrated maps a complete guide to creative mapmakings history process and inspiration no short description the art of illustrated maps a complete guide to creative mapmakings history process and inspiration because this is pdf file * PDF *
1752 maximum likelihood estimation with stata third edition no short description maximum likelihood estimation with stata third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1754 snapper yard cruiser manual no short description snapper yard cruiser manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1755 how to install electric bells annunciators and alarms no short description how to install electric bells annunciators and alarms because this is pdf file * PDF *
1762 the book of mystical chapters meditations on the souls ascent from the desert fathers and other early christian no short description the book of mystical chapters meditations on the souls ascent from the desert fathers and other early christian because this is pdf file * PDF *
1767 after the fire a true story of friendship and survival no short description after the fire a true story of friendship and survival because this is pdf file * PDF *
1768 meaning based translation a guide to cross language equivalence mildred l larson no short description meaning based translation a guide to cross language equivalence mildred l larson because this is pdf file * PDF *
1773 excellence in business communication 11th no short description excellence in business communication 11th because this is pdf file * PDF *
1781 smith organic chemistry 3rd edition solution manual no short description smith organic chemistry 3rd edition solution manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1785 a novel idea the romantic comedies no short description a novel idea the romantic comedies because this is pdf file * PDF *
1790 eu and china really comprehensive partnership the aim of this study was to answer the key question which is it partnership or mismatched partnership no short description eu and china really comprehensive partnership the aim of this study was to answer the key question which is it partnership or mismatched partnership because this is pdf file * PDF *
1793 model based systems engineering opm sysml no short description model based systems engineering opm sysml because this is pdf file * PDF *
I like this article yet do not concur with all your points. Cannot argue with the general tone though. Well written as well!
if it can survive a 40 foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now broken and she has 83 views.
I know this is entirely off topic but I had to share it with someone! http://tour.nida.ac.th/index.php/en/component/k2/itemlist/user/22606
Cisco Firepower Threat Defense (FTD) is a unified software image, which includes the Cisco ASA features and FirePOWER Services. This unified software is capable of offering the function of ASA and FirePOWER in one platform, both in terms of hardware and software features. This seems to be a good...
When it comes to identifying an application Palo Alto Firewall is quite accurate and yield great results in either allowing or dropping the traffic based on security policy applied. I believe App-ID is the strongest point of Palo Alto Firewalls and it makes them leaders in the Next Generation...
When it comes to routing, most of us are quite comfortable in using dedicated routers in Enterprise networks. Some time the Business need or the existing network design forces an Organisation to use a traditional firewall not only as a firewall but also as a router. Well this works well, if some...
When it comes to Palo Alto Networks Firewall, we all know PAN-OS 6.x is a quite stable version, Palo Alto announced PAN-OS version 7 almost 8 months back, but I see very few people are using this version of PAN-OS. Those who are considering a migration from PAN-OS 6.x to PAN-OS 7.x they...
When it comes to using Equal Cost Multipath in Palo Alto Firewalls, one needs to be very careful as this feature is not available in all PAN-OS versions by default. Most of the Network Engineers assume ECMP is supported by default, and they are shocked to discover ECMP is not working when they...
In my previous post we studied the topology and saw how Type 3, Type 4 and Type LSA routes are installed in non 0 Area. Now lets configure Area 5...
OSPF Totally Stubby Area basically filters out an information of a OSPF database purely based on the LSA types. An ABR in a Totally Stubby Area prevents LSA type 3, Type4 and Type 5 to be flooded in to a Totally Stub Area. It replaces all these types of LSA with a default route. Basically...
In my previous post we studied the topology and saw how Type 5 LSA routes are installed in non 0 Area. Now lets configure Area 5 as a stub area. Its very easy to...
Network Technologies and Trends is a blog dedicated to all network professionals, consultants and networking certification aspirers. It aims to provide hands-on troubleshooting tips for most of the Cisco networking products, simple tips for the operation of Cisco routers and switches, as well as networking technology updates and reviews and sample configurations and templates for networking devices.
This is the fastest and easiest way to migrate, and is best for the technically timid. If your SSD didn’t come with a cloning program (that is, a bootable CD with cloning software on it), you’ll need to download and install one. Look for things like Acronis True Image, Paragon Hard Disk Manager, Macrium Reflect (free edition), MiniTool DriveCopy (free), and AOMEI Partition Assistant (free). I haven’t tried them all, so do your own research on that, then decide. The ones that cost a little money will do much more than just partition and clone—they are full-blown computer back-up applications—while the free ones are are more limited in functionality, but will do clones just fine. I’m now using AOMEI Partition Assistant for both partitioning and cloning, Macrium Reflect Home Edition for weekly image backups, and FBackup for incremental file-by-file backups of my most active data folders, every three hours. All are free and work very well, but for under $50 I could do all three with one program.
One thing you need to check is that the cloning software is SSD-aware and will properly align the image, by adjusting the start of the first partition to exactly 1,048,576 bytes, the correct offset for partition 0 on an SSD. Partition starting addresses, in bytes (not MB or GB), must be evenly divisible by 4096. You can check the alignment of your hard drive before you clone the SSD: “You can launch MSinfo32.exe, components, hardware, disks. Check the offset of each partition on your disk. It must be evenly divisible by 4096 when expressed in bytes” —from an Acronis support forum post. As stated above, if the image on the SSD ends up being misaligned, the SSD will run at half-speed, and wear out faster. If partition 0 on your hard drive starts at 1,048,576, you’re good to go, as the alignment will be right for the SSD. If not, you might need to manually create partitions on the SSD then image your hard drive’s partitions one by one. But again, recent versions of most cloning software will take care of it for you.
Note that with XP and earlier you’ll have one OS partition, and it’ll be set Active and Boot, and will probably start at sector 63, which is not the correct alignment for an SSD. With Vista and later, you’ll have two partitions: the first is a small (100 MB) hidden partition containing boot files, the second is your C: partition. In both cases, you might also have a hidden OEM recovery partition, the name of which varies by manufacturer. The hidden system boot partition also stores a Windows recovery boot option, which will load the Windows PE Recovery system stored in C:\Recovery. The boot partition also may hold multi-boot configurations, as well as BitLocker stuff, if you use BitLocker. While it’s possible to install Vista and 7 without the hidden boot/system partition, it’s not a good idea to do so: Microsoft designed it that way to hide boot stuff from viruses and trojans, so it’s a good thing to keep. Mine contains about 25 megs of boot data, and I don’t use BitLocker, so I down-sized it to ~50 megs, and Windows installer used it without complaint, but if you just let Windows partition the drive the hidden partition will be 100 megs.
One thing you’ll likely have to do is move big data files (like videos and music) off your hard drive until the total data size is less than the size of your SSD. To see how much space is used, open Windows Explorer, scroll down to C: drive, and right-click it. Click “Properties” and the “General” tab will show both used and free space (and a pie chart). You can also install CCleaner (free) and use it to blow away all your temp files and browser cache, etc. There’s no point in cloning crap.
Reduced data size on C: drive down to about 56 gigs and removed all temp and cache files with CCleaner.
Downloaded the trail version of Disktrix Ultimate Defrag and made all the data both contiguous and consolidated on the outermost rings of the drive (no other defragmenter will do that, AFAIK).
Connected the SSD to the CD-ROM cable (I only have 2 sata cables) and cloned the hard drive to it with Macrium Reflect. Something, I don’t know what or why, failed and the SSD would not boot (I’m not blaming Macrium, I likely just missed something).
Cloned the hard drive to the SSD again, this time using AOMEI Partition Assistant, with the “Optimize for SSD” option checked. This was much faster, and it worked fine, except that I deliberately didn’t clone PQSERVICE (the Acer OEM recovery partition, which I already have on 3 DVDs), and AOMEI left a 14-gig hole there. If I had cloned each partition individually, that would not have happened, but I did a “disk clone” (on bad advice), not a partition-by-partition clone (live and learn).
Removed the old hard drive and booted Windows from the SSD. TA-DAAAA! It works. Note that you must not try to boot your cloned drive while the old drive is still connected—it won’t work—the system BIOS sees two drives with “Active” partitions, and that’s a no-no. To later reconnect and use the hard drive, you’ll need to boot the system with a bootable partitioning CD and un-set the Active flag on the hard drive. Then it will just be a regular data drive and will co-exist with the boot drive.
Used AOMEI again to slide the partitions down, putting the 14-gig hole at the end of the SSD, then re-sized the C: partition to the end of the drive. All this was very fast, taking only a few minutes. When you do such operations with AOMEI, you set it all up and then it reboots the system into a “Pre-OS” environment and does the moving (you can’t move OS files while the OS is in use) and resizing, then reboots back into Windows. It’s very nice—unlinke the others, it doesn’t force you to burn a bootable CD for those pre-OS operations.
Powered up and started optimizing Windows for SSD operation. Verified alignment with MSinfo32.exe. Ran ATTO Benchmark to verify proper speeds. Etcetera.
Spent a lot of time getting Chrome and other things to put cache and temp files on the hard drive instead of the SSD, to reduce memory cell wear.
Harold Melton (KV5R) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising
program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
bad credit instant payday loan <a href="https://loandkc.com/">fast payday loans</a> easy loans [url=https://loandkc.com/] payday loans online same day[/url]
payday loan direct lenders only <a href="https://loandkc.com/">payday loans no credit check</a> what is debt consolidation [url=https://loandkc.com/] pay day loan[/url]
Merely days after Supanova Comic Con and Gaming wrapped up their June tours of Sydney and Perth, they have already whet the appetite of fans by dropping an early guest announcement for their November tour. With this being an initial announcement, we can of course expect more names to drop closer to the Adelaide (3rd & 4th) and Brisbane (9th to 11th) dates. ... Continue Reading
Last month as one of Australia’s leading pop culture conventions, Supanova Comic Con And Gaming, wrapped up its final tour for the year, they dropped a huge guest announcement for their next shows in 2018. Following on from that broadcast comes yet another release that is sure to put a smile on Supanova fans dials.... Continue Reading
Despite the chilly Melbourne weather pop culture fans aplenty (many of whom are in cosplay) make their way to the Melbourne Exhibition & Convention Centre for Oz Comic Con. Slowly trickling into the venue the queues begin to grow as the crowds start lining up to make their way inside.... Continue Reading
Torchwood, Doctor Who and Arrow fans, gird your loins. John Barrowman has been the latest addition to Oz Comic Con’s 2016 event for Melbourne! The actor joins fellow recent addition Robert Patrick on the still-building line up of international stars set to travel out to Australia for the pop culture expo this June.... Continue Reading
As part of the Supanova Pop Culture Expo we’ve already interviewed her co-star Burn Gorman; but now we sit down with one of the leading ladies of Torchwood – Naoko Mori. Though our interview happens to take a few hilarious and spontaneous curves when her co-star Gareth David Lloyd decides to, on occasion, interrupt our chat.... Continue Reading
Every time when you think it can't be bigger X gli amanti del genere I want to swallow a guys cum too. Any bbc near San diego?
Minnetonka Girls and Boys High School Hockey have built a partnership with DinoMights Hockey to honor the memory of Kelly Phillips, who was one of our own high school hockey players. DinoMights is an inner city youth hockey program that provides elementary school kids in Minneapolis the opportunity to learn how to ice skate. Many of the kids who participate in the Learn to Skate program eventually become hockey players in the DinoMights organization. Kids involved in the DinoMights hockey program have an 85% high school graduation rate compared to the 55% graduation rate of those in Minneapolis high schools. The DinoMights program helps introduce urban kids to the game of hockey and is devoted to physical, academic, social and spiritual excellence.
"People were so superstitious there", - remembers Hellhammer with smile. - "When we were coming into some shop, all these old ladies were running out of there screaming. In sunday school they told children our castle was bought by the Devil".
Mayhem didn't even try to make them change their mind. On the stage their main vocalist, Dead, weared rags, specially buried to make them thoroughly rot through and gather worms and grave beetles. This was tall and very thin man with so white skin that it sometimes seemed to be pale blue. Even during the rehearsals this fellow contrived to wear so-called "corpse mask-robe", consisted only of black and white colours, being inspired with the idea of plague. Before the performance he takes a deep breath from plastic bag with dead crow lying in it. "He needs to feel the stench of death", - readily explains Hellhammer.
Dead, as it had to follow from his nick, became the first band's deadman in straight sense. In 1991 he commited suicide, having smashed his head out of shotgun. "I wasn't even surprised", - said Hellhammer. - "He was a strange guy, always jabbering something about carpathian castles and about his life being just a slumber". Hellhammer and Euronymous, band's guitarrist, found Dead lying on the floor, and he was dead just as the crow, whose smell he used to inhale. Walls and floor were frilly of his blood and brains. Euronymous didn't seem to be very anxious of it. In fact, according to Hellhammer, he gathered his friend's brain pieces, mixed them with ham, vegetables, paprika and cooked a ragout this way. He always said it would be nice to taste some flesh and considered Dead's suicide as wonderful way to realize this idea.
Faust: First time I saw Dead and Euronimous at Anthrax show in Oslo in 1991, and I was really impressed. Dead was almost as tall as me, but very very lean, his jacket was all dappled with different symbols and there was Mayhem logo on its back.
Hellhammer: Dead and Oystein (Euronimous) were contending and cursing more and more with time, it came even to Dead got angry and slightly thrusted a knife into Euronimous one day. I got tired to pull these geese apart and finally left that mansion where we all lived for my parents in Oslo. Euronimous was often on the move, so Dead remained alone for a long time and he was becoming more and more morose, taciturn and depressive. By the way, he was a striking example of a reserved man, neither Euronimous, nor me didn't even know his biography. We knew practically nothing about him except that his name was Pelle Ohlin, 18 year old and that he moved from Sweden, where he played in Morbid, to Norway to play in Mayhem.
Dead: Among all movies I love classic horrors most of all. I'd really like to watch somebody breathing his last or somebody's reaction to a real corpse. One my acquaintance working in the morgue told me pathologoanathoms needed several days to come back into right mental condition after the autopsy.
Hellhammer: Oystein told that Dead was humourless. Nothing of that kind! He had enough of humour, only it was all black. Dead also couldn't stand cats, just hated them. I lived with them and I remember how one night some cat didn't let us sleep. Dead grabbed a huge knife and rushed out of the house undressed to cut him down. The cat jumped into bushes, but when it got out of there, Dead dashed off after it snarling and brandishing with a knife. He was insane and cool showman. At that memorable show in 1990 Dead shattered a bottle and set about shredding himself, leaving deep scars on his body. He was bleeding profusely and darted to the first-aid station straight off the show. Also they together with Euronimous adored to impale cut off pigs' heads on stakes, taken from the nearest slaughter-house. Dead liked very much when meat was not fresh and gave out intolerable stink.
Some lovely day in 1992 Samoth and Ihsan from the legendary band Emperor came at Helvette (this means 'hell' in norwegian) - a Euronimous' shop. They started chattering about common acquaintances. Then they remembered Dead, talked about his madness and about lack of such showmen. Euronimous said a strange joke, that is not widely known. Euronimous: "Dead's skin was so white that he could use only black paint from the corpsepaint set and save on white. I offered this to him to save money for something else, but he only snarled darkly."
Hellhammer: That day I was at my parents' house in Oslo and I was going to return, when all of a sudden Oystein called and said that the police had sealed up the house and I was not able to go there.
"No, he just blew off half of his head out of my shotgun!" - he said darkly but with a fair amount of irony. (by the way, cartridges, having been loaded in that shotgun were presented to Euronimous by Varg Vikernes, therefore he is connected with two murders at once*)
When Oystein came to Oslo, he found no keys in the hiding-place, so he decided to creep in the house through Dead's chamber. When he saw what had happened, he tore in the nearest shop at full speed to buy camera. Being back he shooted the corpse in every kind of perspectives and then called the police. (the result of Euronimous' manipulations with suicide implement is plainly visible on the photo: a knife is lying above the gun, according to sick Oystein's flavour, he wanted to make pictures even more bloody)
-All this time we were keeping them, but when Euronimous was killed, his father found them and threw away.
-Yes, I took part in developing these photos. These were legible coloured photos. Dead reclined with gun on his knee. His brains were crept out of his head and were lying on the bed. Euro photographed from above, the skull, with all the details.
-Before this happened, I thought of Dead commiting suicide for many times. He made open insinuations and was listening to anybody speaking about death with enthusiasm. I saw him some days before and he said he had bought a very sharp knife... (right with this span-new knife he dissected his veins before shooting in the head ) That night before committing suicide he chattered long with one our acquaintance near the house. They were speaking about death and suicide in particular. When Dead came home, he looked sprightly and cheerful as far as it was possible for his sullen physiognomy.
Oystein told fairy-tales that Dead died for ideals of true black metal. He boldly told lies! Dead died, because he hated this world and didn't want to live in it. He always thought his house was somewhere beyond this world, he told he had the same dream in which blood in his veins got frozen and he died. Mayhem were so broke, that sometimes we got not enough money for food. We were sitting with not a scrap in the mouth, and Dead with Oystein often grappled one with another because of some trifles. One day Euronimous put a tape with some electronic music which our vocalist hated, Dead got angry, took a pillow and went sleeping outdoors. In some minutes Oystein came out with the gun and began shooting at the birds. Dead completely got into a rage because of not letting him sleep and flung a cobble in Euronimous, which hit in his chest. Yeah...in about three weeks there stood out an apple-size bruise. When we were not busy with rehearsals, Dead either wrote letters or drew. He went nowhere because of being swede and completely alien in Norway.
Faust: Oystein confessed he didn't kill Dead, whatever fans grumble. But he said that there was no need to reject this idea, let people think this way, this only adds popularity to Mayhem. But this is simply true that he found some pieces of Dead's brain, made some slop and ate it...
Click the button labeled Clear Sites. You're good to go. Click OKthen refresh this Yelp page and try your search again. You can also search near a city, place, or address instead. At the top-right hand corner of the window, click the button with three dots on itthen Settings. Click Choose what to clear underneath Clear browsing data.
Personal Loans for different needs. If you need cash in an emergency. Cash On Your Mobile can help you secure up to 50,000 in as little as four hours. This is cash that will be transferred securely to your bank account so you can solve your financial issue ASAP. Reasons to borrow. Whether youвЂre looking bpi cash advance promo an extra 500 to buy groceries and pay your rent on timeвЂ¦ Your car has blown up and you need to get back on the road todayвЂ¦ Or youвЂve been caught off guard by a medical emergency and need to make sure your family member is going to be OKвЂ¦ We can help by offering you a fast and safe payday loan.
ImagineвЂ¦ no more stressвЂ¦ no more phone-callsвЂ¦ just your going rates for a personal loan worries solved in as little as 4 hours вЂ with up to a year to pay off the loan. Borrow From AustraliaвЂs Most Trusted Lenders. Cash On Your Mobile are a licensed credit broker registered with ASIC.
By submitting your information via this website, you are authorizing WhiteRockLoans. com and its partners to do a credit check, which may include verifying your social security number, driver license number or other identification, and a review of your creditworthiness. Credit checks are usually performed by one of the major credit bureaus such as Experian, Equifax and TransUnion, but also may include alternative credit bureaus such as Teletrack, DP Bureau or others.
You also authorize WhiteRockLoans. com to share your information and credit history with a network of approved lenders and lending partners. Lenders Disclosure of Terms.
Of all the bloody weekends to dump snow on the delicate and fragile South of England – it had to be the weekend of the Goodwood 76th Members Meeting!
Oh well – at least I can comfort myself in the knowledge that the Siberian origins of the cold air precipitating the snowfall can be blamed on Vladimir Putin!
You can take part in our signature events – Annual Donor Appreciation Day and Home in One Golf Tournament – as well as other fundraising initiatives throughout the year. The success of each event is dependent on community involvement. Each event offers sponsorship opportunities as well as the chance to take part in planning, running and working during the event.
: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in D:\home\hgrm.org\wwwroot\wp-content\plugins\the-events-calendar\common\src\Tribe\Customizer.php on line 430
It smelled like the time that her mother and father had gone to a party, all dressed in their finest, and seemed happy and carefree . It smelled like the dance in school when she lurked in a corner with her friends until the most beautiful girl in the world came by, and she felt like crying because she knew, finally for sure, and it was such a good feeling to know. A smell for times when you were sure everything was going to be different and better, and it never was.
He nodded. “I don’t think I can ever apologise enough. I genuinely didn’t know that she had a girlfriend. Nor that she prefers the company of ladies.”
“Depends on what century you’re from.” She glanced behind her, where Suzie and Auggie bickered between themselves.
“When it approached the moment, that’s when she told me about the application. I guess that she couldn’t go through with it. Wrong person, you know. So no, we didn’t. And I’ll never forgive myself for not believing what she said about the application.”
“I don’t want to lie to you, and I don’t want to make you promises only to break them. I’ll do everything that I can to help her. Situations like this take a little time to work out. They’ll test Emma and so on. It may not be pleasant to answer a bunch of questions and get scanned, but she won’t have been taken to the special ward yet.”
The buckles of her boots flashed as she walked. One, two, three, four…She began to understand how soothing counting was.
He took them back to the Middlefield Exchange. It was packed with commuters. Business people with bags lockstep with each other. Hyper corporate zombies, every one of them better off than her. Not one of them would take their lover to a cheap hotel. They’d have a house or apartment or something. Even Em did.
It wouldn’t be so bad, maybe, a black suit and making schedules and writing reports on things. Accounting…things.
They were spiced with celebrants in a party mood. Come down to slum. They noticed when the three of them passed without pause, following Wyn to the special entrance. He flashed his black card.
She thought that they’d turn off at one of the public lifts, but Wyn continued on. Gradually incidental travellers fell away. The hall became smaller, and more sleek, and elegant, empty enough that their footsteps echoed. Other doors vanished. Along one wall there were intermittent mirrors, reflecting back the soft light and infinite bits of herself, but never all of her. Wyn blended seamlessly. Suzie passed. She could even imagine Auggie on his way to show off some new invention to an investor maybe, or some eccentric. Not her, though.
At the end of another long corridor a panel slid silently open. It didn’t even look like a door. Beyond it was a small platform with a single lift car. She’d seen ones that looked like any public transport, and fancier ones meant for higher-ups, but never the sleek black capsule that Wyn led them to.
The inside was flawlessly plush. It smelled clean, almost new. Definitely it did not smell of tired workers and secret farts.
“Our company president has a private car.” Suzie’s hand brushed over the soft leather. “Not like this.”
“I’m sure that you’ll have better, one day.” Wyn smiled and gestured for them to sit. “It will go up fast, but you don’t have to worry about pressure or the cold. Please try to enjoy the view.”
The sense of rising was so gentle that she didn’t even notice at first. Levels began to flash by, and her stomach turned over like it would on roller coasters.
He nodded. The lights passed over his face. It was eerie, how perfect he was from every angle. And blank. Even if she had a clear view she figured she wouldn’t be able to tell anything from his expression. “Her mother died when she was born, and her father needed our help.”
“Emma was scared,” Ed said. Her eyes followed the polished brass rail that ran above the back of the seat, watching the lights travel along it. “All the time. Scared of doing the wrong thing. Getting in trouble. Your orphanage fucked her up. Whatever you did, you made her like that.”
He sighed. “I’ve never seen her outside of our…evenings together. As I was sent for, I assumed she was just shy in that particular situation.”
The capsule had lifted clear of the under city and the level above that and above that, above any level that their small lives would ever allow them. Even above where Suzie could go. And still it rose, so the wide plains and the river and the mountains burst into view, spread out like silver, all of the snow, beneath an ice cold winter sky. It was perfectly clear. There were more stars than she ever imagined.
One of her girlfriends loved to watch the specks of light flying up the side of the city. Like shooting stars in reverse. They rode out into the plains, far enough that it was hard to tell the city from the sky. She’d dreamed of going to a shining gold party high up in the clouds with celebrities and the elite, and made elaborate plans to crash the upper levels, somehow, getting through all of the layers of checks and security. Like a fairy tale. And Ed had stupidly let herself join in, for a little bit, knowing how dumb it was, but she liked the girl, and didn’t want to turn her hair pink again, and it was better than the smallness of her life.
Finally the capsule began to slow. Ed thought that her ears should pop or her head should explode or something.
There was a soft chime. The door slid open. The platform that greeted them was smooth, flawless, like glass, only no glass could withstand the heights they were at. At least she thought so. It was all soft grey; some was transparent, while other parts, like the walkway they were on, were smoked opaque. It was large, spotless, and empty, except for them. She peered over the railing. Her stomach flipped over and she stumbled. Auggie caught her arm.
The door swept open. Swirls and circles of light appeared above it, and followed them along the corridor beyond. It became brighter, and warm and comforting somehow. There was a soft noise, nothing as distinctive as a voice, but comforting the way it was sometimes when you were sick. Not close or demanding, but present; someone was there to hear.
“But you’re all gone,” Auggie said. “What the hell are you doing here? I mean, you all left. Everyone knows.”
Wyn laughed. “Don’t believe writers. It’s information. Directions, notifications…that kind of thing. Weather warnings.” He looked at her. “It wasn’t us, you know. The riots and the slaughter that came after, that was all your nature, not ours.”
“We investigated, as we have countless times before. Humans murdered our kind and yours in return, hiding a multitude of sins along the way.” He smiled. “Propaganda always becomes history, given time.”
He stopped. They had come to a long walkway. It seemed like the spoke of a wheel, and at its far end was a sphere with its own tendril protrusions.
There was a long silence. Ed felt a horror creep over her. A surge of disgust, coupled with the humiliating realisation that everyone else had already understood when she was just catching on.
Wyn left them in a room, to “have a moment.” Suzie had a tissue because of course she did. It was mostly snot anyway, and a cloggy, miserable ache.
Ed blew her nose, shuddering. Emma was…She rubbed her arms, wrapping her arms around herself. Suzie let her go with an awkward pat.
The door opened. Or anyway a hole appeared that served as a door. There was no physical thing. Wyn came in with glasses and a pitcher.
A chair emerged from the floor. Ed watched it with a sort of cringing horror. Emma had seemed normal enough. Weird, but human weird, not…
She stared determinedly at him. Finally he sighed. All the colour in him faded. His clothes bulged with translucent, faintly glowing goo, like the goo from the tablet. It moved with some current of its own. Bits appeared and disappeared inside it. Organs maybe, or whatever they had. Her stomach turned over.
She hated how her voice cracked. She hated how she thought of Emma, in her stupid dowdy dress, now turning into a pile of nothing, lying to her, making her touch what was really just…
“No. Emma is nothing like me. That’s why she was in the Centre. If she was like me her father could have taken her with him. She’s as human as you right now. As human as her mother was. Take her to a doctor, and they wouldn’t be able to tell any difference, even with the closest examination.”
“I imagine they’re back. If you want them to remain well, don’t talk about this. If you insist on it they’ll remember, and human minds can only be altered so much before the new memories don’t take, and the damage begins.”
Wyn turned to Ed, ducking his head to meet her eyes. She wanted to stay hiding against Suzie. She’d take care of everything. Suzie always knew what to do.
“You can stop here.” His voice was kind. There was no judgement in it, and it wasn’t even as though he were coaxing her. It just was. It was a fact. “I’ll take you home. No tinkering, just your word that you won’t tell.”
“I’ll take care of her. I’ve told you the truth.” He sat back, the chair moving to accommodate him. “We’ve learned how much difficulty humans have with this sort of thing. You don’t have enough experience outside of yourselves. Maybe you’ll adapt in time. Most species do. But for now, I understand if knowing makes it impossible. In that case, it’s better that you don’t go on. I think that she’s hurt enough. Even a kind rejection can sting.”
Everything that they’d done could be forgotten. Her family would all be safe. She could go back. Emma would be okay. They could take care of their own. She could forget that she’d fucked an alien.
She looked down. It’d be embarrassing but it would be okay. People wouldn’t blame her, even if they knew. It wasn’t like there was no reason for it. Suzie never liked her from the beginning. It was just another thing Suzie was right about. And anyway…
She straightened a buckle on her boot, buying time. It’d come off once after a drunken stagger through a park. She found some glue for it, but it always twisted a little. There were zippers on the boots anyway, so it wasn’t really functional. It wasn’t real. Just for looks, like everything Emma did.
Tagged free fiction, free read, lesbian fiction, lesbian romance, lgbt fiction, novella, reading, romance, science fiction, scifi, sf, short story, wip, wlw, Writing
Long time writer, first time publisher. I live in Tokyo. I've loved fantasy with strong female protagonists since i was young. Fortunately they're easier to find now, but there's always room for more. My first fantasy novel, Red Dogs, is available on kindle.	View all posts by Rei
"Your work might not reach the audience it deserved, or you might not make something anyone likes, and it can be soul-crushing to embark on a journey knowing you might not succeed. But if we can learn to accept that it’s okay to try and fail, that people who fail are worth being remembered, and… Continue reading Oddly inspiring words
Todas las categoriasBolsa de EmpleoClases particulares - EscuelasElectrónica - SmartphonesHobbies - Música - Arte - LibrosMascotas - Animales Muebles - Productos hogarPropiedadesRopa de moda - Ropa de pacaServiciosServicios Fiestas - QuinceañerasVehiculos usados en venta Todos los EstadosAlabamaAlaskaAmerican SamoaArizonaArkansasArmed ForcesCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFloridaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississipiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirgin IslandVirginiaWashingtonWashington DCWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming
Gossamer Gear is one of the companies catering to the ultra-light hiking enthusiast. It’s new Gorilla weighs only 1 pound, 5.1 ounces. That’s incredibly light.
Phil Werner gives a detailed review of the Gorilla backpack on his Section Hiker blog. If you’re thinking about getting into ultra-light packing or just want to shave a couple of pounds on the load, give it a look-see at: Section Hiker.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Backpack, Backpacking, Camping, Gear Reviews, Going Light, Hiking. Bookmark the permalink.
Archives Select Month December 2016 (3) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (7) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (9) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (11) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (9) June 2014 (7) May 2014 (5) April 2014 (10) March 2014 (10) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (15) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (11) October 2013 (9) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (7) July 2013 (10) June 2013 (12) May 2013 (13) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (11) February 2013 (12) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (12) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (22) August 2012 (20) July 2012 (23) June 2012 (35) May 2012 (48) April 2012 (76)
RT @miblue: The Fall issue of ⁦@miblue⁩ is on newsstands all across #Michigan. Pick up a copy today! https://t.co/NR7ETOhlt7 1 month ago
RT @ParksTraveler: An Oregon man who taunted a Yellowstone National Park bison has been sentenced to 130 days in jail, banned from parks. #… 2 months ago
「朝起きたら眉毛がないって、もう意味不明。なんでないの？あるでしょ？」（１９歳／大学生）のように、困惑のコメントも多くいただいています。書いている、という感じが出過ぎた眉毛は不評です。気を付けましょう。
Daniel Hunter created the recipe for his famous sauce by adding different ingredients until he was satisfied. "I created a sauce on a taste-test basis," said Hunter. "I added and tasted and I added more and tasted again, and I got it to where I wanted it and stopped adding." No preservatives have been added. All you taste is the natural ingredients of Daniel's original recipe.
The first bottles of "Hunter's Pride" were sold to Ratchford's Meat Market, and Hunter said they've been selling by word of mouth ever since. "We don't do any advertising at all," he said. "We sell sauce because people tell other people about it.
Now made by Daniel's son Anthony and grandson Daniel, "Hunter's Pride" is sold all over Southeast Georgia and is also used by the Effingham County School System. The sauce can be found at Krogers and Piggly Wiggly grocery stores in the Coastal Empire. It can also be found in Statesboro, Vidalia, and Dublin. The family ships special orders, once sending the sauce to Australia and to Iraq.
Now, you can have the taste of Hunter's Pride brought to your door. Visit our Online Store and select the size and quantity that you want. We have the 12 ounce glass jars that you may have seen in your local market, and we have our half gallon (64 oz.) and gallon (128 oz.) plastic jugs for those who don't want to run short of their favorite, home-made barbecue sauce. All sizes are available in both our regular flavor and our hot recipe. And, remember, the larger the size and quantity, the more you save.
You can enjoy the taste of "Hunter's Pride" barbecue sauce on meals that we have prepared for you. Whether it is for that mid-day lunch or family dinner, you don't have to do the cooking. Stop by our store in Guyton at the former site of Ratchford's Market and choose from our menu of delicious meals, side dishes and beverages.
"Hunter's Pride" is pleased to offer catering. Be sure to contact us for your next business or club meeting, family gathering or office party. Just call us at the number below for details.
One could argue that the last few years haven’t been great for people choosing things, give or take a recent flip in a certain house full of representatives, but the one thing we can always count on when it comes to people choosing things is The People’s Choice Awards. For years, it’s been one of the few award shows…
Fox has released a nearly full performance from The Masked Singer, and whether it gets your wheels turning may foretell your enjoyment of this upcoming game show competition series.
Based on an international format and (of course) hosted by Nick Cannon, The Masked Singer (premiering Wednesday, Jan. 2) features singing celebrities shrouded from head to toe in an elaborate costume, complete with full face mask to conceal his or her identity. With each performance, the host, panelists, audience, viewers and even the other contestants are left guessing who is singing behind the mask.
Thanksgiving is a day for overstuffing, so it’s only fitting that the latest season of “Mystery Science Theater 3000” will be available to streaming in a portion just big enough to gorge in one sitting, should overeager viewers so choose.
As the latest trailer for “MST3K: The Gauntlet” shows, watching all six parts of the new season won’t be that far off from what Jonah (Jonah Ray), Crow (Hampton Yount), Tom Servo (Baron Vaughn), and the rest of the Satellite of Love crew are going to be subjecting themselves too as well. In a slight spin on the show’s time-tested formula, the gang will be tortured by an unprecedented six-movie marathon.
Among the terrible titles in this year’s batch is the legendary “Mac & Me,” the shameless corporate “E.T.” rip-off
The editors at TV Guide are as guilty as anyone of spending 45 minutes searching for a new show to stream, only to return to an old fave like Parks and Recreation or Friday Night Lights. But that would be a shame considering the amazing new series and breakout actors this fall TV season.
Samantha Bee will air a special holiday broadcast of her TBS’ satire show “Full Frontal,” another example of how late-night hosts are testing all kinds of extensions of their flagship broadcasts to win viewers who don’t necessarily watch their shows at the times they air each week.
“Christmas on I.C.E” will air Wednesday, December 19 at 10:30 p.m. eastern on TBS and will be commercial-free, the At&T-owned network said Monday.
Bee will be joined at New York’s PlayStation Theater by special guest,s including skating superstar and Olympic medalist Adam Rippon. Bee will tap Opening
A lot of people still think of John Cena as a pro-wrestler, or a ‘fake’ wrestler. Whatever you want to think of the WWE it almost seems as though his long tenure might be coming up here eventually as he’s continued to make his move towards Hollywood, much like The Rock, or Dwayne Johnson did years before. His acting has definitely improved over the years as he’s taken on one film after another, doing his best to gain renown and a reputation for being able to do more than take a fake punch. Give the guy some credit, he has
Tim Tebow is set to host the upcoming CBS competition series “Million Dollar Mile,” which is executive produced by LeBron James.
Tebow is a two-time national champion, first-round NFL draft pick and Heisman Trophy winner. Currently, he serves as a college football analyst for ESPN. Prior to joining ESPN, he played three years in the NFL for the Denver Broncos and the New York Jets. Now, Tebow is pursuing a career in professional baseball as a member of the New York Mets organization.
In addition, Matt “Money” Smith, play-by-play announcer for the La Charger, and ESPN reporter Maria Taylor will
Tim Tebow is adding another job to his already-crowded résumé: The football pro-turned-baseball player will host Million Dollar Mile, CBS’ competition series from executive producer LeBron James.
As previously reported, Million Dollar Mile will feature contestants who have a chance to win $1,000,000 every time they run the titular obstacle course, described as “the most challenging course ever designed.” The catch: A group of elite athletes will appear along the way to stop the contestants from winning the money at all costs.
“Watching good people compete at their highest ability is always inspirational to me,” Tebow said in a statement. “Million Dollar Mile
Things have been pretty rough for Severide (Taylor Kinney) on Chicago Fire. After a heated argument in which he took a swing at his father, dear old dad suffered a stroke and died before Severide got the chance to say goodbye. Forced to deal with the overwhelming guilt of never reconciling, this
Pending adjustment due to a slightly late start, CBS’ God Friended Me this Sunday delivered 8.3 million total viewers and a 1.1 demo rating, up 12 and 38 percent from last week to lead the night in both measures (among entertainment programs). Leading out of that, NCIS: La (6.9 mil/0.8) and Madam Secretary (5.6 mil/0.6) both ticked up.
The CW | Supergirl (1.16 mil/0.3; read recap) dipped to hit and match series lows; Charmed (950K/0.3) was steady.
Updated: Anne Mensah, head of drama in the U.K. for Sky, is leaving the pay-tv business, which recently came under the ownership of U.S. cable giant Comcast and joining Netflix. Sky staff members were told in a memo Monday from content boss Gary Davey that Mensah would be exiting and that her deputy, Cameron Roach, would become acting head of drama, reporting to Davey.
At Netflix, Mensah will be VP, content, leading the streamer’s team working on U.K. productions. She will start in the newly-created role next year and report to Cindy Holland, vice president of original content for the U.
Though it's set in the world of The Vampire Diaries and The Originals, Legacies is already hard at work establishing its own mythology with a whole host of new monsters and magical spells in its first season. That being said, the show still has to pay attention to the supernatural legacy (pun totally
This holiday season, Netflix has more movies and TV than you can shake a candy cane at. The streaming service is flooding the market with a raft of original movies and specials rolling out over the next six weeks. And that's in addition to the stuff that's already there. There's something for everyone, from the cheeriest Christmas Prince to the grinchiest grinch.
According to Netflix's viewer data, holiday streaming season starts Nov. 12, and so it makes sense that the streaming giant has already released its first Christmas movie of the year, the Kat Graham-starring The Holiday Calendar. Coming up, there's The Princess Switch, which stars Vanessa Hudgens in dual roles as a baker from Chicago and a princess who look like twins and do the ol' Christmastime switcheroo (Nov. 16); The Christmas Chronicles, which stars Kurt Russell as Santa Claus (Nov. 22); and A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding, the sequel to last year's holiday hit (Nov. 30). ...
General Hospital fans aren’t sure what to think going into this week. Last week was crazy, and we want to start with Nelle and her return. She cannot help but make a mess of the lives of everyone in her world when she is not happy. She cannot even keep people from living their best lives and being free of her even when she’s gone. She’s a mess, and she’s always going to want to make sure that Michael and his family are beyond miserable in their own lives. She cannot help that, and we cannot help but feel for
Craig Zadan was looking forward to Thespians Go Hollywood, the Educational Theatre Foundation’s gala that was held on Sunday night. He and his producing partner Neil Meron were set to receive the inaugural Theater for Life Award, which supports theater programs in underserved schools. When Zadan unexpectedly died on Aug. 31 after complications of a shoulder replacement surgery, Meron suggested that the celebration become a tribute to Zadan.
And what a tribute it was. With Broadway figures Scott Wittman and Marc Shaiman serving as musical directors, the evening was a star-studded trip down memory lane.
It turns out you won't have to wait much longer for new Chilling Adventures of Sabrina. Netflix's delectably spooky series is getting its own holiday special.
Grab your favorite occult objects and settle in for some dark Yuletide cheer because Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: A Midwinter's Tale
Bob Beckel is the co-host of the Fox News Channel’s primetime program called “The Five.” He was also a political commentator on CNN. The journalist has a long and impressive career. He’s gathered some fans and some who don’t care for his style of reporting and discussing current events. After being with Fox News since 2000, he was fired because of a comment that was considered to be offensive. If you’re not familiar with him, here are ten things about Bob Beckel that you didn’t know. 1. The Fox News Network fired him after 17 years Beckel had been with
Netflix is adding a little dark magic to the holiday season with the help of a Christmas-centric Chilling Adventures of Sabrina episode.
Series creator Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa broke the news in a tweet on Monday, revealing that Sabrina‘s holiday installment will drop on Friday, Dec. 14.
The Church of Night, like all covens, celebrates the Winter Solstice — the longest night of the year — when families gather together around the Yule Fire to sing pagan carols, tell ghost stories and huddle against the supernatural creatures that come out to cause mischief.
MTV has acquired SnowGlobe Music Festival, the annual three-day December gathering held in South Lake Tahoe, Calif., with plans to expand the brand as a music and lifestyle event and to help freshen up the cabler’s New Year’s Eve programming.
The deal is in keeping with Viacom’s goal of growing its activity in live events. SnowGlobe draws about 20,000 attendees in the three days leading up to New Year’s Eve with an event that mixes musical acts, extreme winter sports and art installations. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
The Bold and the Beautiful fans are worried about Ridge and Brooke, but we also feel that we say that more than just about anything else. We say it so often we aren’t sure we even mean it anymore. Is there anything we can do to hope that they get past this, or do we even care at this point? She’s been making a mess of her marriage since she got married, and it’s not good. She cannot stay out of the lives of everyone else, and she doesn’t get that she is the problem. She has no idea that
IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy.
In these texts there will also be a few words on how a small person of little strength can overcome and throw down a big tough and brave man, and so you will see how the humble can overtake the great and the unarmed the armed. And many times it happens that someone on foot defeats and conquers someone on horseback.
Baltimore, Maryland U.S.A. - May 11, 2018. Intralytix, Inc., announced today that it has closed on the acquisition of a 33,000 sq. ft. building in Columbia, Maryland. The facility, located in the Columbia Gateway Community, will serve as the Company's new headquarters. Plans are underway to house expanded research and laboratory space, executive offices, and substantially increased manufacturing capacity.
"This acquisition marks an important milestone in Intralytix's history," remarked Dr. Alexander Sulakvelidze, the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer. "This expansion further solidifies Intralytix's position as the leading phage company in the world and creates significant opportunities for future growth. This is especially timely now as the enthusiasm for bacteriophage-based products for controlling and treating bacterial pathogens - including multidrug resistant pathogens - is growing worldwide" Dr. Sulakvelidze noted. John Woloszyn, the Company's President, estimates that completion of the necessary improvements should take approximately 9 to 12 months.
Intralytix, Inc. is a privately-held company currently headquartered in downtown Baltimore, Maryland. The company is the world's leader in bacteriophage technology and was the first company in the world to receive FDA-approval for a phage-based product for food safety applications. Intralytix currently has the world's largest portfolio of FDA-approved phage-based food safety products on commercial markets. The company holds several bacteriophage technology-related patents, including two U.S. patents (and additional patents pending) on the use of bacteriophages for fine tuning human or animal microbiome (US 7,459,272 B2 and US 8,003,323 B2).
To learn more about Intralytix, Inc. or its products please visit www.intralytix.com. Most recently, Intralytix announced receipt of regulatory clearance from the FDA to commence clinical studies of a new, phage-based formulation designed to target inflammatory bowel disease. These studies are scheduled to commence at Mt. Sinai Hospital later this year.
Well, it's not all doom and gloom. Further research suggests that this compound is Adkins Friendly! Weeee!
online game gambling casino is my new favorite online casino - they have good games and they are a reputable egold casino. I like egold as it's under the radar in many ways and it's a nice way to keep my winnings hidden from uncle sam.
With three locations to find all your Scouting needs, you're never far away from one of our central Indiana locations. We offer a full line of Scouting apparel, awards and accessories as well as great assortment of craft and gift items. We also carry some of the biggest brand names in the camping and outdoor industry including Kelty, Eureka, Silva, Jetboil & ENO just to name a few.
As the season of giving approaches we are once again offering an opportunity for those scouts in need to benefit from our Giving Tree Program.
Families and Leaders who would like to submit information for a young man or woman in their unit can do so with the submission form.
Families, Volunteers, Community Members interested in making a donation to the Giving Tree can do so in any of our Scout Shops or online at our Shopify Site.
Do you have a young Scout that just crossed over? Not sure you want to buy an expensive backpack for a boy still growing? Just don't know enough about backpacking to make an educated decision? We can help with all of these problems and more. Our backpack rental program has been helping parents make the "right" decision for more than 8 years. For just $3 a day you can try before you buy, or just try.....
Call the Indianapolis Scout Shop at (317) 813-7070 and we can help explain the process and walk you through the rental bags available.
How To Restick Your Cricut Mat – Having a super sticky mat is incredibly important in ensuring that your craft cutting machine cuts accurately and precisely, just where you need it to. And while most of the questions we get regarding cleaning and resticking cutting mats are from Cricut users, our advice can be applied to any machine that requires a cutting mat to work — including Silhouette. We’ve compiled this guide to how to make a Cricut mat sticky again, with tips and tricks for cleaning and resticking.
1801 american communism and soviet russia no short description american communism and soviet russia because this is pdf file * PDF *
1804 counterparty credit risk collateral and funding with pricing cases for all asset classes no short description counterparty credit risk collateral and funding with pricing cases for all asset classes because this is pdf file * PDF *
1809 suppletion spatial correlatives and the boundary concept slavic and east european studies offprint no short description suppletion spatial correlatives and the boundary concept slavic and east european studies offprint because this is pdf file * PDF *
1810 desktop computer reviews and buying guide no short description desktop computer reviews and buying guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1812 a journey toward acceptance and love a this i believe essay no short description a journey toward acceptance and love a this i believe essay because this is pdf file * PDF *
1815 my single mom life stories and practical lessons for your journey no short description my single mom life stories and practical lessons for your journey because this is pdf file * PDF *
1818 tkm11 operators manual no short description tkm11 operators manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
When he's had enough of that his beautiful bbc would feel amazing as he forces it inside my boi pussy.
Locked in your automobile, house or office? Require an emergency locksmith company that may help you? If that is so, youre at the ideal place. We are a mobile emergency professional locksmith service near Lake Leta Trace Tampa that provides rapid and proficient services on this town and nearby areas. For years, weve been supplying services in this region and also have established an excellent status simply because of our high-quality skillfullness and affordable costs. Whether youre planning on improving your present security system or are looking for emergency locksmith companies, we can supply you with the types of high quality service you can rely on. Our residential locksmith service in Lake Leta Trace Tampa feature cheap costs and our dispatchers are ready At any hour, Seven days a week to take on your phone call and give you the help you require. Our qualified emergency locksmith tech will show up in just a short time to deliver best suited method to your challenge. We can easily produce a key from your automobile locks, and programme the transponder chip if required. Our technicians are fully licensed and guaranteed to provide you service in Lake Leta Trace Tampa. They hold years of experience at the locksmith area, however continue to attend new courses and conferences to extend their understanding. Round-the-clock locksmith service technicians can come to your region within half an hour of the telephone call. If you require residential, workplace or vehicle locksmith services, we have the knowledge and the solutions to suit your needs. Experienced locksmith techs are prepared for key cutting, deadbolt replacement, and expert locks installations immediately! We will help keep the quality and full features for most old locks. We are able to offer lock maintenance services for any broken or ruined locks. In case the lock cannot be fixed or re-keyed we are able to provide you the installation of fresh locks. Well help you do the right choice and make certain that the hardware is properly established and supplies an alternative for your requirements. After you give us a call, well dispatch our emergency locksmith professional tech straightaway towards your spot.
Our Company We at Change Locks Locksmith are full fledged locksmith company who offers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and all year round locksmith assistance to our Residential, Commercial, and Automotive clients.
Since our establishment in 1992, the Windsor Locks Soccer Club (WLSC) has been dedicated to the promotion, operation, and development of competitive youth soccer in our community. We work with our young athletes to develop and maintain character and teamwork while teaching them the wonderful sport of soccer. Many volunteers run the WLSC. The Board Members, Committee Members, Coaches, and the many parents give their time and effort to make the WLSC a fun learning experience for all.
Travel soccer is a more competitive soccer experience that allows players the ability to play at a higher level against teams from other towns. The Windsor Locks Soccer Club (WLSC) is regulated by the Connecticut Junior Soccer Association (CJSA) under the North Central Branch.
Normally, the coach of the team sets this. But almost all teams may play in tournament(s) during the year (typically in in the Fall). Be prepared to play at least 3 – 6 months out of the year, maybe more depending on the coach and commitment level of the team. As parents, prepare to have at least one of your weekend days committed to a soccer game, maybe both days depending on the team and the training. (As a coach and parent, it’s well worth it).
Also, travel starts out in U09 and U10 age groups, the “U” represents under and the number represents the Age. You are expected to travel within WLSC based on your travel schedule. Outside tournaments your team decides to participate in may involve further travel.
WLSC is not part of Park & Rec but works very closely with the Park & Rec on soccer related issues. We are proud of the excellent relationship between WLSC and Park & Rec and both offer development and varying degrees of competition.
Yes, the WLSC has teams for both boys and girls. In a typical fall season we have 4-8 teams in various age ranges.
Try-outs are held in June and kids are placed on teams according to their age/skill level. If the child makes the team, the child and family are committing to play out the season.
The purpose of try-outs is to be able to group players of equal ability together in order to place them on a team where they will achieve the maximum benefit and be most competitive. It is extremely important for all kids to attend the try-outs. If there are extenuating circumstances forcing your child to miss tryouts you must notify the club prior to the final tryout date of their absence.
A tentative notification date will be communicated on the day of try-outs. Sometimes the review of try-out results may take longer, so please be patient. Final notifications will occur only once all teams (boys & girls all age groups) have been finalized.
Games are primarily scheduled for and played on Saturdays/Sundays. However, in rare cases games can be rescheduled to other days or evenings of the week due to weather conditions, game conflicts or other valid reasons. Most teams practice 2 times per week. Games are played with up to 2 per weekend.
Yes, if your son or daughter is not selected for a travel team, you can still play in the Park and Rec Program. This is a league that is not “as” competitive as travel but, competitive enough to still allow players to continue to play organized soccer.
Q) If I am a parent and want to become a travel coach, how do I go about putting my hat in the ring?
First, you want to let the travel coordinator know you are interested in becoming a travel coach. His/her name is located on the WLSC website.
No, WLSC is in the CJSA North Central District. We play league games with other towns within an hour drive, in the fall and spring. Typically half of the league games (approx. 3) are played at home fields in Windsor Locks, and the other half are played away. The distance a particular team will travel will depend on the town teams in their League. Friendly games are also scheduled with surrounding town teams. If a team is entered in the CT Cup (U11+), these games may require travel outside this region.
The Connecticut Cup (CT Cup) is a statewide, single-elimination tournament typically played on Saturdays over the course of a season for U11 and older teams, if the team decides to enter the tournament.
Average costs range from $85-$115 per season (i.e. Spring is one season; Fall is another), plus cost of uniform, and/or how many tournaments a team decides to participate in. There are discounts available for multiple siblings playing in the WLSC.
WLSC Travel player registration fees cover CJSA team fees, CJSA player/manager/coaches insurance, CT Cup fees (if applicable), various certification/training (i.e. first-aid, goalie training), equipment needs/updates, field maintenance, 1 away tournament, and referee fees for every home game.
There are typically two practices per week during the Fall season. Spring season is usually only one practice per week, possibly two. All practice dates & times will be determined by the coaches. Each team manager will communicate when practices will occur to his/her team. Typically these are scheduled in advance one particular night(s) all season long.
In the Fall, typically two games per weekend are scheduled - one friendly game on Saturday, one league game on Sunday. During the Spring, we recommend teams play league games with just a few friendly games.
The WLSC is a registered classic travel team within the Connecticut Junior Soccer Association (CJSA). There are many benefits to this relationship including certified officials for each game.
Yes, soccer is a very physical sport. As they get older, referees and leagues allow more physical play as in High school, Premiere soccer and College play to ready these youth. We will do our best to teach them to shield, fall and protect as much as possible.
* Please register as soon as possible once you receive the announcement that Registration is NOW OPEN”.
* If your child is not registered by the cutoff date, which should be approximately, mid-August (sooner the better), he/she cannot play in any games or enter
* Please pay as soon as possible either on-line with Credit Card or Paypal or you can give a check to the coach made out to Windsor Locks Soccer Club.
* As soon as possible, this is needed in order to play. Just hand them to coach or scan and email them.
* There is a dependency if a new Player, then yes otherwise there may or may not be a need to Purchase new Uniforms. This is evaluated and determined by the
* Uniform needs and the Payment of such will provided to parents by the league but must be completed prior to the distribution of the uniforms and prior to the
* Practice start is determined by the Coach and the location is (age depending) at either Veterans Park or the High School and in some instances at other local
* Also as a parent when you register you can elect to receive both email alerts and text messaging alerts and reminders.
* Friendlies are games scheduled by coaches and are just that friendly. They do not count for points or standings. Typically these are often used to test plays,
* League games are scheduled by the CSJA within the groups they deem we should be in. Typically based upon prior seasons results.
* Coaches submit to the CSJA North East district a recommended rating between 1 – 6, 1 being the best. Then the CSJA evaluates based upon prior year’s results
* It depends on many factors, such as attending practices, effort, drive and skill. They are all important but mainly for their safety first. We will attempt to have
friendlies with more (not always equal) balanced play time and League games will be discretionary on rotation of play.
* Also, often parents may not realize, although these kids are tough, they are running full steam and can tire. You may not realize but often your child will give us
the signal to need to come out due to exhaustion / injury etc... Other reasons may be to get a player off the field to speak with them to explain possibly incorrect
positioning or lack of sportsmanship and if they appear hurt or injured (beyond the knocked to the ground).
* The ultimate goal is players to understand all positions, but realistically we try our best to break it down into two comfort zones or groupings, which are
“Defensive Backs/Mid’s” and “Mids /Attacking Mids” and Forwards /Mids”. These are like groupings, but then there are other levels such as an example, Left Mid,
* Do not coach from the sideline, we will tell the players they are not to listen to parents during any games and practices, so please do not confuse them
It is always recommended to speak to any coach on an issue or concern, which should be addressed immediately.
If the issue or concern is about or with a coach or head coach, please go to the next point of contact (see below).
WLSC has a website that is geared to the players and parents of WLSC. It can be found at www.lockssoccer.com. There you can find names and contact
information for all our board members, and coaching staff. Any of them would welcome the opportunity to answer any question.
Investing in a new vehicle is stressful for a number of people. With all the factors that need to be considered, it may be overwhelming. Make use of the guide below to help you in making the next auto purchase with as little stress as is possible.
Take time to research your dealer prior to an offer on a vehicle. You'll negotiate better once you learn what they're able to provide you in financing and trade practices. Saving cash by carrying out a little homework is the best action you can take before car shopping.
If you can't afford it, don't be persuaded from a talented salesman. Sports cars look nice and you can be sweet talked into this kind of purchase. Often be mindful how the salesman's intention is to create a good sale, so selling pricier cars helps their personal commissions.
One does yourself a great disservice should you fail to negotiate an amount less than sticker. The truth is, you need to never invest in a car to the listed price. Those prices are inflated on purpose to go out of room to barter with all the customer, so take full advantage of that.
Make sure you're able to be inside of the dealership for several hours when you're car shopping. Do not let feeling rushed to force you into a deal you aren't comfortable with. Therefore, you should set aside a complete afternoon to accomplish your car shopping. If you are really short promptly, tend not to be scared to go out of and are available back another day.
Think about if the fuel economy of your respective car can make it pretty much affordable for you personally. As one example, a V-8 that has the towing package might at the beginning look like a wise choice. In spite of this, if you only tow a boat one per year, you'll be paying through the nose for gas unnecessarily other 364 days.
Talk to your bank beforehand to make sure you are eligible for a loan. Achieving this helps make sure your security. Often times a dealership will bring you a better offer than your bank, however it's always good to experience a backup plan.
Read before you sign anything. You must not just sign the agreement without reading. Make certain you read it from top to bottom. The document binds you once it is actually signed. You can carry it home with you to read it. If you fail to accomplish this, get yourself a copy in the agreement.
Benefit from online resources for car buyers. You'll find nearly every as well as every vehicle online. Do not go to the dealership before learning exactly about any cars you're considering. You will discover the maximum amount of information as you wish to understand by doing a search online.
You should have your number in your mind before stepping onto a vehicle lot. Pick a number which will take into consideration the sum you are designed for spending, and also the value of your vehicle itself.
In case you have a certain model in your mind, call to ascertain if there exists one about the dealer's lot. Otherwise, the salesman will attempt to help you get to acquire something you might not want. As an example, if you need a 4-door car and also the dealership does not have any to provide, you possess wasted your time and energy. It takes only some minutes to bring in advance.
If you think that you may have been intimidated or click here bullied, make your exit. Even though they attempt to modify your mind, exit anyway. Constitute an excuse if possible. Leave the dealership immediately! There are numerous more "fish within the sea," and you need to be content with the folks you might be buying from.
At the end of the month, it's sometimes easier to purchase cars. The sales staff must meet their quotas, and selling just one single additional car might make the visible difference for them. Wait a couple of days to cope with them if the month concerns a stop, you are more inclined to come away with the best deal.
Your trade-in must be kept a secret. Wait to go over your trade-in until once you have negotiated the sales cost of your new car. Whenever you let them know at the start, they'll alter their offers depending on this.
Check your credit history before buying a car. If you be eligible for a lower interest levels in comparison to the dealership offers, you are able to opt to finance via a bank. This can help to conserve a lot of money over time for your purchase. Your bank should provide you with the lowest rate of interest in comparison with other institutions.
Since you've come to the end of the article, you have to know how to shop for a car. It shouldn't be like pulling teeth or attempting to understand physics facing a salesman. Apply the guidelines in the following paragraphs, and you will probably have what it requires to succeed.
Opening the iTunes Store.If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop.Progress Indicator
Opening Apple Books.If Apple Books doesn't open, click the Books app in your Dock.Progress Indicator
We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download and subscribe to Lean Startup by Lean Startup, get iTunes now.
To listen to an audio podcast, mouse over the title and click Play. Open iTunes to download and subscribe to podcasts.
CleanInnovate Better By Listening To Your Customers | Sonali Shetty We recently hosted a webcast conversation between… 10/18/2018 Free View in iTunes
CleanThe Skinny On Lean Education | Matt Candler We recently hosted a webcast conversation between… 10/4/2018 Free View in iTunes
CleanHow To Build A Community Centered Product | Mikael Cho We recently hosted a conversation between Mikael … 9/27/2018 Free View in iTunes
CleanPart Two: Lean Startup In The Hard Sciences | Jeff Uhrig & Jason Whaley We recently hosted the second episode on a mini-s… 9/20/2018 Free View in iTunes
CleanHow Moving To A Startup Can Be Rocket Fuel For Your Career | Jensen Harris We recently hosted a conversation between Jensen … 9/13/2018 Free View in iTunes
Clean#7, Season 3, How Lean Startup Co. Coaches Support Department Of Defense Innovation Gone are the days when Lean Startup was used only… 10/6/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanRadical Simplicity: Solving The Right Problems To Build Products With Impact | Tom Nguyen We all want to make product decisions backed by g… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanDesigning Behavior Change For Health With Kelvin Kwong The decisions that we make in a given day are dri… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanSourcing Funding For Your Business | Charles Hudson Charles Hudson is an entrepreneur who recently fo… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanThe Vision Before The Experimentation: Applying Lean Startup To Creative | Stuart Eccles Lean Startup is often characterized as a scientif… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanA Conversation On Lean Startup Innovation | Michelle Lee Conference emcee Thuy Vu has a fireside chat with… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
Clean12 Years Building Moz: What I'd Change, Keep The Same & Don't Yet Know | Rand Fishkin The years you spend creating a startup is often t… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanDesigning Collaboration With Watson | Ethan Geyer Design Thinking–with its focus on user outcomes, … 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanWhy 40 Hours Is Enough: Lessons From Basecamp | Jason Fried Jason Fried, co-founder & CEO of Basecamp, joins … 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanDesign and The Self | Irene Au Design has the power to shape how we think and fe… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanMeeting Practices That Support Innovation | Mamie Kanfer Stewart Your company culture comes to life in your compan… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanLean Local Government: Using Lean Startup Principles To Empower Government Employees | Kelly McAdoo For most people, local government is something yo… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanFail Shot For The Win | Nicole Shephard Infusing Lean Startup into a large organization i… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanAdopting An Organizational Culture Code | Lynn Johnson You have a vision for how your venture is going t… 9/5/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanKeeping The Disrupter DNA Alive In Corporate Fintech | Janne Zengerink, Bob Jansen, & Georgia Hanais Firmhouse has been one of the active founders of … 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanLeading The Lean Charge: POD Points Approach To Accelerated Innovation | Erik Fairbairn Cleantech startup POD Point has become one of Eur… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanJanet Bumpas, Turning Large Corporations Containerships Into Nimble Startup Speedboats Large organizations are often like containerships… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanFrom Sketches To Shareholders: How Starting Lean Helped Me Hack The World | Laurence Kemball-Cook Starting a new business is hard enough, but creat… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanBrant Cooper, Partner Talk 100 Startups In 100 Days How many startups does it take to launch a unicor… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanLean Concepts That Helped The Design Transformation At Nordstrom | Jyoti Shukla Nordstrom is in the process of modernizing its di… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanJim Hornthal, Partner Talk: Unlocking Your Company's Innovation Capital Large companies employ a variety of methods to de… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanEric Ries and Jason Ashlock, Office Hours With Eric Ries Groups of attendees crowd the stage after every c… 9/1/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanOffice Hours with Eric Ries: London | Eric Ries & Dave Cunningham Groups of attendees crowd the stage after every c… 8/9/2017 Free View in iTunes
CleanA Case Study of Lean Startup in Healthcare | Eric Ries & Geeta Wilson On July 22nd, Eric Ries is joined by Geeta Wilson… 8/1/2016 Free View in iTunes
Clean#27, Season 2, Scaling Lean with Ash Maurya You’ve probably “gotten outside the building” and… 6/20/2016 Free View in iTunes
Clean#24, Season 2, Leveraging Tech to Improve Customer Communication Jeff Gothelf, organizational designer and co-auth… 5/19/2016 Free View in iTunes
CleanBuilding Products That Customers Love | Tom Nguyen Ahead of his talk at The Lean Startup Conference,… 10/30/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanHow Higher Education Is Using Lean Startup: Virginia Tech | Brian Mathews If you thought libraries were going out of style,… 10/13/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanTurning Scientists Into Lean Startup Practitioners | Errol Arkilic CEO of M34 private investment company, and foundi… 9/15/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#12, Season 2, GE: How An Enterprise Makes Lean Startup Part of The Mindset And Culture Leader of GE Culture and co-founder of GE FastWor… 9/2/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#8, Season 2, Common Startup Mistakes Geared towards aspiring entrepreneurs and young s… 7/31/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanFrom Lean Government to Lean Healthcare | Eric Ries and Aneesh Chopra Eric Ries and Aneesh Chopra, the former CTO for t… 6/19/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanLessons from the World’s Biggest Distributed Company | David Casali & Lori McLeese Really big companies usually have workers in offi… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#67 Frazier Miller, Hiring and Onboarding Approaches that Work Hiring and onboarding new employees in person is … 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#74 Laura Crescimano, No More Downtowns? What Does It Mean When We Work “Anywhere”? By nearly all measurements, remote work is growin… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#60 Patti Chan, Where Is Everyone? Tools You Can Buy and Tools You Can Build for a Connected Team Being part of a kickass team is one of the great … 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#56 Paul Hepworth, Making Remote Workers Feel like They’re in the Same Room When you have a central office, remote workers ca… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#65 Peter Armstrong, Tool Talk: Dashcube Peter Armstrong, founder of Dashcube, will show u… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#68 Steven Yee, Deconstructing HR for the Distributed Workforce Is having a distributed workforce just a matter o… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanThe Three Modes Of Collaboration And What They Mean For Distributed Teams | Teryn Rikert People on distributed teams often say, “Working r… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanFrame Before You Build, Measure, Learn | Zach Nies The key to running effective experiments is to fi… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanThe Human Side Of Continuous Deployment | John Goulah Continuous deployment–small, frequent, and contin… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#29 Steve Blank, Evidence-based Entrepreneurship Steve is a perennial favorite at our conference–f… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanPreparing for Catastrophic Success | Ari Gesher Palantir is a traditional software company in tha… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#19 Trevor Owens, Overcoming Biases to Make Better Decisions Based on his experience running thousands of expe… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanJazz Engineering - The Deep Dive | Kent Beck Kent will follow up his morning talk on the role … 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#18 Valerie Gofman, Evolving and Growing with Lean Startup Sharethrough has been using Lean Startup methods … 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanKeep Your Executives Close To Your Customers | Usha Viswanathan As companies grow, senior staffers often lose con… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanRunning A Successful Innovation Center At A Fortune 50 Company | Preston Smalley Established companies often have innovation teams… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#48 Nicole Bryan | Neelan Choksi, Can Lean Startup Advocates and Grizzled Veterans Work Together? When you have an experienced team in place, one t… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanWorking Closely With Customers On The Other Side Of Earth | Beth Kolko Beth has incredible experience working with custo… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanHow Validation and Vision Coexist | Andres Glusman Few companies have been as bold as Meetup in inte… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanAlleviating Poverty One Iteration At A Time | Akash Trivedi Akash will look at key challenges faced by non-pr… 3/23/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#111 Andrew Homeyer, Launch a New Product that Doesn't Hurt Your Existing Brand When established companies experiment, you have t… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#83 A Conversation with Ben Horowitz and Eric Ries As a well-known startup veteran, investor and aut… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanAn Experiment On Stage | Bill Gross As the founder and CEO of Idealab, Bill Gross has… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#109 Blair Beverly, Convince Colleagues to Use Lean Startup: The Stealth Approach When a team at Google felt uncertain about which … 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanWhat It Takes To Scale Up Quickly And Effectively | Bob Sutton & Eric Ries How do successful companies grow? Bob Sutton, aut… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanLeadership, Uncertainty, And Self-Deception | Dan Milstein What’s the biggest challenge in getting a team of… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#82 Hugh Molotsi, Giving Voice to Good Ideas Every business leader knows that, in theory, good… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanBecome A Better Listener, Build More Profitable Products | Jana Eggers Leaders often focus on becoming better communicat… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#100 Lauren Gilchrist, Get Comfortable Shipping Imperfect Products Top product managers must have great customer emp… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanHow We Funded 1,000 Experiments | Mark Randall What would happen if your organization funded eve… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#108 A Conversation with Melissa Bell and Sarah Milstein Vox.com has been one of the most closely watched … 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#87 Mikkel Svane, Getting closer to your customers in Startupland When you’re moving fast to build and grow a new c… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
CleanTurn Lawyers Into Allies | Sean Butler As an entrepreneur, you’ve probably found lawyers… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#98 Seppo Helava, Build a Culture that Outsmarts Perfectionism The build-measure-learn loop is often accompanied… 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Clean#107 Steli Efti, Will They Buy It? After doing customer development, you’ve learned … 1/20/2015 Free View in iTunes
Not feeling well, but can’t figure out what is wrong? Some people have health issues and may not realize their personal wellness and the health of their home are interconnected.
By giving your home a health check-up, you may be preventing diseases and other hazards from hurting you and your family. Poor indoor air quality, mold, radon, carbon monoxide, and lead paint are just a few of the home health issues that could potentially trigger asthma, possibly cause lung cancer or lead poisoning.
You may already use smoke detectors as one safety measure, but there are other ways to improve the wellbeing of your living space without breaking the bank.
USAGov recommends giving your home a yearly health check-up. Check out other “prescriptions” to fix your home’s health such as:
Personal health and home health go hand in hand. By identifying the weaknesses in your home’s health as outlined in this video, you can address the problems to make it safe and healthy for you and your family.
Let our opinions be respected please... 100 no fax payday loan <a href="https://cashena.org/">cash advance loans</a> No separation anxiety at any time. loan payday savings [url=https://cashena.org/]advance cash payday loan[/url] Don't wait until your next scheduled screening appointment. site: https://cashena.org/
We trusted that the food we were feeding our animals was safe. online payday loans direct lender <a href="https://loanseks.org/">cash loans</a> Well last night Jan 22 I notice when I wiped I had red blood. payday advance cash america [url=https://loanseks.org/]payday loan online[/url] The nausea may be preceded by severe headaches. https://loanseks.org/
It lets you type in the name of any procedure, or many of the common abbreviations. aussie payday loans <a href="https://cashena.org/">advance cash payday loan</a> During this time some people with HIV who are otherwise well may develop persistent swollen lymph glands persistent generalised lymphadenopathy or night sweats. auto payday loan [url=https://cashena.org/]cash advance usa[/url] We narrowed down a list of 70 apps and sorted them them into 27 categories based on medical specialty and application type. site: https://cashena.org/
Brain Natriuretic Peptide website. women viagra http://ekioviagencm.com/ viagra patent expiration dateI loved reading it. If a urine culture is performed and is negative for infection, other causes of pain, burning, and frequency should be considered. Afib is a type of irregular heartbeat.
Apathetic hyperthyroidism in an adolescent. mail order viagra http://ekioviagencm.com/ viagra samplesMost women experience no complications when having a surgical abortion. SymptomsSymptomsSymptoms of Colon Cancer: A Quick ChecklistOften times, colon cancer has no symptoms, but this quick, handy guide to the main symptoms of colon cancer can help you know what to look for. I had a strange pain in my throat last June.
My workplace is a call center and full of overweight people that in majority are either younger then 24 or older then 55 and most of us are sick at least 3 times a year with a non commumacble illness. non prescription viagra https://saresltd.com/ viagra onlineThis is the order she switched them up in Simalac advance- lots of spitting up, and mucus that would come out of her nose when she would go poop. A prompt consultation with an ophthalmologist is necessary to evaluate the severity of the infection. The standard treatment is to remove the appendix.
Pseudoseizures: recognition and treatment. cheap generic viagra http://kaeviagraon.com/ try viagra for freeWhile adrenal fatigue is not accepted by most doctors, adrenal insufficiency is a real medical condition that occurs when our adrenal glands cannot produce enough hormones. However, the blood vessel remains abnormal to a greater or lesser extent, and is at higher risk for another clot. A prolapsed uterus or bladder is more common among women who have had many children.
It is not known how canine H3N2 virus was introduced into the United States. http://vlagraviagra.com/ During this phase of infection, HIV is active within lymph nodes, which typically become persistently swollen, in response to large amounts of virus that become trapped in the follicular dendritic cells FDC network. http://genericvlagra.com/ Also keep in mind that many of the earliest symptoms can appear similar to routine pre-menstrual discomforts. http://onlinevlagra.com/ On March 23rd, 2011 at 11:53 pmmeme says... http://buyviaqra.com/ However, feeding him solid foods with too little iron will decrease the amount of iron he gets from the milk. http://viagrakjkmn.com/ The virus enters the nose, throat, or lungs and begins to multiply, causing flu symptoms. http://cialiscials.com/ Neinstein LS: Adolescent Health Care: A Practical guide, Chapter 36: Chronic, recurrent abdominal pain Thomas DW, Neinstein LS , Baltimore , 2002 Silverberg M.
Each CUPS Coffee location is rooted in downtown Indianapolis, warmly within Mile Square. Visit us today for a cup of coffee and a bite to eat; where the baristas are friendly and your name is always remembered.
Cosatto Giggle Pram is a light-weight 3 wheel pushchair with an eye catching coloured framework and also brilliantly seasonal patterned fabric.The Pushchair comes as basic with lie flat carrycot that easily transforms your pushchair is to a risk-free and also cosy newborn setting. The Giggle Pushchair has a relatively easy to fix reclinable seat unit allowing your kid to face to you for all essential contact and also as they get older, facing forward for interested eyes to check out along with the soothing recline positions for sleepy heads too.Giggle has a lightweight compact framework making it easy to make use of, store and also transportation. For convenience of us Laugh has a lockable swivel front wheel, and flexible manage height for moms and dads comfort.The Giggle Pushchair is suitable with the Giggle Car Seat (sold independently) that easily affixes to the chassis transforming your stylish pushchair in to a sensible travel system.
I've decided this is one of those books where the cover has put me off picking it up to read. I mean it's got a creepy little boy on it and Chris Packham* starring as Aziraphale.
*Chris Packham presented The Really Wild Show on BBC about the time this book was first published...and he had really bad 80s hair. On further inspection, he only has a passing resemblance to Aziraphale. It's mostly about the hair.
I have to admit here, I was never a big fan of Terry Pratchett's first few Discworld novels. The first one I read was Pyramids and I think if I'd started at the beginning I wouldn't have continued. And I'd have lost out big time. Both Terry and Neil have developed a lot since this book was written, over 20 years ago now! What I love about their writing is their abilities to tell great stories. I feel with Good Omens, it's more about the puns than the story, which was a bit predictable.
Had I read the book during my teenage years, I'm sure I would have enjoyed it more however it all felt a bit dated. I do feel this a bit with Douglas Coupland's earlier work too. Whilst I liked Microserfs, it was more a fact that it was my job, but in the past! Plus there's really not that many novels about software testing and it has become a sort of history. Anyway, I digress, first I complain about House of Silence being in the present and now I complain about something feeling too old! Can't please come people, can you?
Now before you start throwing rotten vegetables at me, I did enjoy reading it. Some moments are timeless, like the kids playing at the Spanish Inquisition which I thought was priceless and true laugh out loud funny! Terry's trademark footnotes were targeted at American translations which also made me smile. How often do us Brits have to explain phrases to American friends?
I guess if you're a fan of either author and haven't read it yet then do so. However as an introduction to either Terry Pratchett or Neil Gaiman, I would definitely suggest picking other works.
Absolutely one-hundred percent true about the dated-ness. I kind of wish that they would reboot the novel with a more modern feel. I mean, who uses answering machines anymore? Or tapes, either?
Also true about not reading this first as an introduction. I'd say that a good place to start with Neil Gaiman would be Neverwhere and that Pratchett's later Discworld novels (perhaps one of the witch books or maybe The Truth) would be a good starting place for his works.
As an American, I appreciated the footnote about British money. I couldn't really follow it, but it was appreciated. :)
Also, this cover is awful. I love the American covers that have either Crowley or Aziraphale on them. This cover would have made me put the book right back on the shelf.
I get the Chris Peckham reference. As soon as you mentioned it I thought, "So he does". Made me laugh and your right it's mainly the hair.
I agree about the cover. It is awful. I don't actually like the Terry Pratchett covers in general but I can understand why some people like them. This one is just bad. It screams 80s. I wouldn't have read it either if it hadn't been for the two authors. Although I think someone recommended it to me.
It is a bit dated but I still enjoyed it. It was good fun for the most part. The kids playing at Spanish Inquisition was one of my favourites too. I also liked the Hell hound.
It's not a good one to introduce someone new to either author. I don't think it catches the essence of either of them. I hated the first few Pratchett's too. I don't understand why people love Rincewind and luggage so much. If I had started with those I wouldn't have read others either. I think I started with The Hogfather.
I can see the Chris Packham hair, but for me that's obviously Clark Datchler from 80's one hit wonders Johnny Hates Jazz. I have no idea why I even remember what he looks like, but I now feel I have to go and listen to Shattered Dreams.
You're right though, it is rather dated now, and has an awful cover, but Pepper is still my favourite girl's name :)
Karen: That's funny that you say that because my first Discworld book was Interesting Times, which is a Rincewind book. I ended up reading all of those ones before moving on to the other characters. I actually really like both Rincewind and the Luggage--it's Twoflower that always kind of got on my nerves.
I didn't mind the first few books--except Eric. I think if that had been my first Terry Pratchett book, I may not have picked up any others.
chick-lit crime fantasy general fiction giveaway graphic novel historical fiction literary mythology non-fiction novella qa readathon review sci-fi science short stories top ten translation travel young adult
Curiosity Killed the Bookworm is a personal blog written and edited by Ellie Warren. All opinions are those of the author. Products and invitations to events may be accepted and kept, however receipt of such does not alter the views shown. No profits are made from this blog and should any sponsored content be featured in future, it will be clearly marked as such.
My name is Olivia and I’m from Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands (in the Caribbean). I’m an Accountant by profession, but my true calling is really to exist in the Fashion World. I have a penchant for all things creative- art, music, fashion and if you consider food and travel creative, then include those too :).
I don’t believe that my style can be summed up in a specific way simply because it’s all over the place. Sometimes classy, sometimes modest but sometimes risque. Sometimes girly or flirty. Sometimes chic, boho, retro, edgy, feminine, glam etc. I dress according to how I feel and not necessarily according to what’s in.
Most of my thoughts come alive in the shower. I’m not sure why, but they do. At times, I’ll wake up completely clueless as to what I’m going to wear and as soon as I’m in the shower, voila! a complete outfit comes to mind. Very rarely do I mentally plan my outfits the day/ night before.
Well, that’s a tough one. I’m really not sure actually. Because I live on an island and it’s ALWAYS hot, I’d like to say that I tend to grab for anything hassle free, preferably iron/ wrinkle-free (I HATE ironing) and most importantly, cool and comfortable.
ONLINE!! Living on a tiny island has some great perks, but also some major disadvantages when it comes to shopping for clothes, so I’ve mastered the art of online shopping.
I’ve pretty much been natural all of my life. I’ve relaxed/ permed my hair, maybe twice. I’ve been loc’d for almost 10 years now though. As for a regimen, I don’t necessarily have one. I wash my hair whenever I feel like (no strict routine) or when it really needs it and apply Argan oil to the locs and castor oil to the root. That’s about it really...oh, and I interlock maybe once per month.
Anything up and out of my face is my signature. My big bun is always quick and easy and it works with every single outfit.
Despite what the masses may say, locs are very versatile and very much fit right into how creative I can be with my personal style. To me, it’s the perfect fit.
Global Couture is trying to spread the word about embracing your natural hair. Love your HAIR, if it is wavy, curly, kinky or coily. Shop http://www.globalcouture.net/ and Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. Are you naturally fierce? Email us to share your hair journey at [email protected]
Back in the Day November 2018 (20) October 2018 (59) September 2018 (61) August 2018 (69) July 2018 (67) June 2018 (63) May 2018 (69) April 2018 (63) March 2018 (66) February 2018 (59) January 2018 (70) December 2017 (78) November 2017 (71) October 2017 (79) September 2017 (64) August 2017 (91) July 2017 (75) June 2017 (84) May 2017 (72) April 2017 (57) March 2017 (52) February 2017 (29) January 2017 (38) December 2016 (40) November 2016 (44) October 2016 (45) September 2016 (45) August 2016 (47) July 2016 (46) June 2016 (52) May 2016 (56) April 2016 (70) March 2016 (70) February 2016 (61) January 2016 (60) December 2015 (59) November 2015 (55) October 2015 (74) September 2015 (67) August 2015 (60) July 2015 (72) June 2015 (70) May 2015 (47) April 2015 (56) March 2015 (66) February 2015 (57) January 2015 (62) December 2014 (61) November 2014 (56) October 2014 (63) September 2014 (57) August 2014 (62) July 2014 (69) June 2014 (58) May 2014 (64) April 2014 (64) March 2014 (68) February 2014 (59) January 2014 (62) December 2013 (57) November 2013 (59) October 2013 (76) September 2013 (65) August 2013 (75) July 2013 (64) June 2013 (58) May 2013 (69) April 2013 (69) March 2013 (68) February 2013 (67) January 2013 (63) December 2012 (64) November 2012 (60) October 2012 (57) September 2012 (60) August 2012 (66) July 2012 (78) June 2012 (71) May 2012 (76) April 2012 (83) March 2012 (94) February 2012 (98) January 2012 (98) December 2011 (103) November 2011 (120) October 2011 (114) September 2011 (127) August 2011 (118) July 2011 (97) June 2011 (111) May 2011 (110) April 2011 (106) March 2011 (129) February 2011 (104) January 2011 (113) December 2010 (123) November 2010 (120) October 2010 (136) September 2010 (105) August 2010 (98) July 2010 (105) June 2010 (78) May 2010 (67) April 2010 (64) March 2010 (45) February 2010 (49) January 2010 (55) December 2009 (74) November 2009 (77) October 2009 (72) September 2009 (43) August 2009 (46) July 2009 (56) June 2009 (62) May 2009 (51) April 2009 (53) March 2009 (70) February 2009 (60) January 2009 (76) December 2008 (67) November 2008 (81) October 2008 (63)
The views expressed on curlynikki.com belong to the blogger Nikki Walton and do not necessarily reflect the views of advertisers, their affiliates or any of the brands discussed or featured on curlynikki.com.
Launch the WinRAR manager interface and find those files that want to add in an archive. Use right-button of the mouse on these files to open context menu and choose Add files to archive:
WinRAR will create a new archive protected by a password. Select it and use right-button of the mouse. Then you can Extract files to a specified folder or Test archived files:
Перчатки рабочиеСпецодеждаСредства индивидуальной защитыСпецобувьИнструмент ручнойСтрейч-плёнкаМешкиМусорные пакеты и мешкиСкотч и клейкая лентаВоздушно-пузырьковая плёнкаТкани технические
Mr. Salty Old Fashioned Cocktail Every once in a while you feel like a little salt and a little sweetness along with a delicious beverage.... Read More
Now we all know how good the classic Old Fashioned is, some things just don’t need changing… This recipe is an exception to that rule,... Read More
Christian from Black Penny in Sydney has written a winter cocktail list that features our very own Chai Spirit. Below is their cocktail list for... Read More
soft and fluffy comforter sets soft comforter sets queen soft comforter sets soft pink comforter sets soft purple comforter sets soft surroundings comforter sets soft yellow comforter sets soft grey comforter sets soft cotton comforter sets soft green comforter sets
Use of this Site acknowledges buyers settlement to the conditions of use and privacy policies connected to this Web-site. The information presented on This website is for informational functions only and isn't intended instead for guidance from the medical professional or other overall health treatment Specialist or any details contained on or in almost any product or service label or packaging.
These aren’t Adult men strewn all across the nation. They're Males who go to the exact park, gymnasium, and grocery store while you.
At Colorado Ideal Hormone Therapy Centers, we specialize in testosterone and HGH substitution therapy. You will be very carefully listened to, all your questions answered, and carefully monitored for any indications and indications or Unwanted effects. Your testosterone and HGH (IGF-one) ranges as well as other needed hormone blood degrees will likely be comprehensively measured.
Arvada grew promptly during the latter 50 % on the twentieth century being a suburb of close by Denver, the condition capital.
At our Testosterone and HGH clinics our skilled Physicians recognize that optimum hormone levels tend to be the objective and critical to vitality and wholesome getting old.
Denver has a whole new attraction – and it doesn’t have everything to try and do with skiing. It has got to do with men – Adult males identical to you. Gentlemen who put up with very low testosterone.
National stats may make you feel insignificant within the grand plan of matters. Nonetheless, if you are struggling from small testosterone and/or erectile dysfunction, it is vital to understand you are not by yourself.
Not just is often a shocking percentage on the inhabitants struggling from reduced testosterone, a staggering quantity of Guys are also suffering from erectile dysfunction.
Isn’t it time for you to have a stand, produce a go, and improve your health? Isn’t it the perfect time to search for out a Denver low T physician?
Constantly been very pleased with service. This time having said that, I had to stand and hold out until eventually the clerk received carried out texting (or whatever he was executing) on his cellphone.
Homeowners Association (HOA) expenses are month-to-month or once-a-year charges that deal with The prices of maintaining and bettering shared Areas. HOA charges are widespread within condos plus some one-relatives residence neighborhoods.
All kinds of other minimal testosterone signs like immediate excess weight attain across the belly and waistline, trouble sleeping and sleeplessness, melancholy and moodiness, problems focusing and concentrating, substantial cholesterol and deficiency of enthusiasm or ambition are telling indications that sometimes bring about a Very low T or Andropause prognosis (Male Menopause).
Properties Which may be coming to the marketplace quickly but are not nevertheless uncovered on a several listing service (MLS). They consist of pre-foreclosures, foreclosed properties and homes using a Make Me Transfer® price tag. These types of Attributes are only discovered on Zillow.
There are various treatment alternatives accessible for erectile dysfunction; find out more regarding the ideal Denver ED therapy furnished at our condition-of-the-artwork clinics.
You shouldn't use the information on this site for diagnosis or procedure of any wellbeing dilemma or for prescription of any medication or other cure. You'll want to consult with that has a Health care Qualified before beginning any eating plan, workout or supplementation program, ahead of having any medication, or When you've got or discover this info here suspect you might have a wellbeing problem. You should not start out or stop taking any medication with no to start with consulting your doctor.
Navigate… » Personal loans in charlotte nc » Is personal loan a liabilities » Rcbc personal loan ofw » Cash advance henryetta
Any situation will not undergo delays therefore it is necessary to look for finance urgently. And what to do if your salary is not official and nobody help you about income. There are no guarantors, property as a deposit is not too. It becomes impossible to borrow money in banking in such stitutions. CanadaFastCash - will come to the rescue, it is the modern financial service which is engaged in microcredit of all segments of the population: students, mothers in the decree, pensioners, the unemployed.
We will provide a payday loan to any citizen of Canada and without any petitions. Everything that is necessary, is the passport.
For more information, please contact the lender directly if you have any issues repaying your loan. Please review our site for valuable information about our services. If you have further questions, we invite you to contact us at anytime. We look forward to helping you solve your financial troubles. WHEN DO I REPAY THE LOAN. Loan repayment terms differ by lender. Thus, it is important to check the loan agreement from your lender for information on the lender's repayment terms.
They will approve your application without receiving any information about your credit history. Fortunately, you can get financial assistance any day, anytime and anywhere. If you are in your home and you are urgently needed money so do equitas finance bank personal loan worry, because you do not need to go outside from your home to apply for payday loans.
You just need to be connected to the Internet, because this loan may be approved by completing an application form online with your basic details. After completing an application form your loan amount will be transferred to your current bank account within 24 hours. Thats why you must have an active checking account. There are several requirements you should meet to be eligible for no teletrack payday loans.
IMFAHE is a non-profit and apolitical association, created for and by international professionals affiliated to top 10 institutions in the world. IMFAHE, in collaboration with different universities and institutions in the world, promotes excellence and career development through mentorship, webinars, workshops, and international fellowships, bridging the gap between talent and opportunity.
But because this is a serious matter it would be very inconvenient if this noble doctrine perished and diminished through negligence, I, Philippo di Vadi from Pisa having studied this art since my first ﬂourishingyears having travelled to and practiced in many different countries, lands, castles and cities to collect the teachings and examples of many perfect masters of the art. By the grace of God having acquired and followed a sufficient quantity of the art I have been free to compose this, my little book, in which I have organised and shown at least the main points of four types of weapon: the lance, sword, dagger and axe.
It all started in October 2005 when we collected Daisy from Kennel Vangsgaard in Thisted, Northern Jutland. We fell so much in love with Daisy, that it was not long before we returned to Thisted to adopt Sybil, another angelic 13 month old Jack Russell.
We started to show Daisy and Sybil and realized we would like to start breeding our own Jack Russells.. so we had a FCI and Danish Kennel Club recognised kennel name in 2007 called "Daisy Blossom's"
In order to improve the blood line, we purchased an adorable male puppy from Holland, he was "A Boy like Allstar of Cathys Cottage". That was October 2007 and now he is a consistent, very good performer at National and International shows. Since then, things have snowballed...
Our main goal is to breed a few healthy, well balanced Jack Russell's within the FCI breed standard.
04.02.2008 Kirsten received Diploma for passing Danish Kennel Club Breeder's Course and this is approved by the Danish Kennel Club.
She graduated in December the same year and since then, has been running a clinic at her home in Esbjerg.
Great beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog web site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea
1823 geotechnical earthquake engineering springer series in geomechanics and geoengineering no short description geotechnical earthquake engineering springer series in geomechanics and geoengineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
1826 ccea geography as student unit guide unit 1 physical geography unit 1 no short description ccea geography as student unit guide unit 1 physical geography unit 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1827 liu xiaodong in between israel and palestine liu xiaodong diary series no short description liu xiaodong in between israel and palestine liu xiaodong diary series because this is pdf file * PDF *
1830 max found two sticks study guide no short description max found two sticks study guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1833 jesus christ source of our salvation answers no short description jesus christ source of our salvation answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1835 211 3rd grade math nwea no short description 211 3rd grade math nwea because this is pdf file * PDF *
1839 qualitative research in physical activity and the health professions no short description qualitative research in physical activity and the health professions because this is pdf file * PDF *
1840 classic deere tractors an album of favorite big green farm tractors from 1914 1970 farming legends no short description classic deere tractors an album of favorite big green farm tractors from 1914 1970 farming legends because this is pdf file * PDF *
1844 rca hdtv user manual no short description rca hdtv user manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1846 southern shade a plant selection guide no short description southern shade a plant selection guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1850 unchristian what a new generation really thinks about christianityand why it matters no short description unchristian what a new generation really thinks about christianityand why it matters because this is pdf file * PDF *
1851 law for nurse leaders a comprehensive reference by grant rn bsn ma jd paula dimeo published by springer publishing company 1st first edition 2011 hardcover no short description law for nurse leaders a comprehensive reference by grant rn bsn ma jd paula dimeo published by springer publishing company 1st first edition 2011 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
1854 adams family correspondence volume 10 january 1794 june 1795 adams papers by adams family 2011 03 15 no short description adams family correspondence volume 10 january 1794 june 1795 adams papers by adams family 2011 03 15 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1858 top dog marketing yourself for sales success no short description top dog marketing yourself for sales success because this is pdf file * PDF *
1859 what is the fuel diagram for a 2002 lincoln ls no short description what is the fuel diagram for a 2002 lincoln ls because this is pdf file * PDF *
1869 education issues in creole and creole influenced vernacular contexts no short description education issues in creole and creole influenced vernacular contexts because this is pdf file * PDF *
1877 the evolution of fashion pattern and cut from 1066 to 1930 no short description the evolution of fashion pattern and cut from 1066 to 1930 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1888 nissan x trail owner manual no short description nissan x trail owner manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1889 the experts guide to weight loss surgery is it right for me what happens during surgery how do i keep the no short description the experts guide to weight loss surgery is it right for me what happens during surgery how do i keep the because this is pdf file * PDF *
1890 eyewitness travel pack turkish author no short description eyewitness travel pack turkish author because this is pdf file * PDF *
1891 2008 c90 owner manual no short description 2008 c90 owner manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1893 slam turtleback school library binding edition point signature by myers walter dean 1998 school library binding no short description slam turtleback school library binding edition point signature by myers walter dean 1998 school library binding because this is pdf file * PDF *
1895 hotel asset management principles and practices with answer sheet ahlei 2nd edition ahlei hospitality accounting financial management no short description hotel asset management principles and practices with answer sheet ahlei 2nd edition ahlei hospitality accounting financial management because this is pdf file * PDF *
1896 1954 buick owners manual includes special roadmaster century skylark super 54 no short description 1954 buick owners manual includes special roadmaster century skylark super 54 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1898 gifted a gifted series novel book one the gifted series volume 1 no short description gifted a gifted series novel book one the gifted series volume 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1901 nwu potch application forms for 2015 no short description nwu potch application forms for 2015 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1903 foundations for practice in occupational therapy 5e no short description foundations for practice in occupational therapy 5e because this is pdf file * PDF *
1904 around the year in childrens church 52 programs for kids ages 3 7 no short description around the year in childrens church 52 programs for kids ages 3 7 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1905 forevermore only in gooding book 2 no short description forevermore only in gooding book 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1906 isaac shelby kentuckys first governor and hero of three wars no short description isaac shelby kentuckys first governor and hero of three wars because this is pdf file * PDF *
1910 high school common core geometry pacing guide no short description high school common core geometry pacing guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1913 sample sponsorship letter for event no short description sample sponsorship letter for event because this is pdf file * PDF *
1915 solution manual digital signal processing 4th mitra no short description solution manual digital signal processing 4th mitra because this is pdf file * PDF *
1916 cognition the thinking animal 3rd edition no short description cognition the thinking animal 3rd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1925 teaching reading in small groups differentiated instruction for building strategic independent readers no short description teaching reading in small groups differentiated instruction for building strategic independent readers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1927 encouraging words for nursing home residents no short description encouraging words for nursing home residents because this is pdf file * PDF *
1929 gcse core science aqa 10 minute tests including answers higher no short description gcse core science aqa 10 minute tests including answers higher because this is pdf file * PDF *
1934 the 1950s paperback lyrics no short description the 1950s paperback lyrics because this is pdf file * PDF *
1936 from failure to fearless still completely flawed but thriving fearlessly no short description from failure to fearless still completely flawed but thriving fearlessly because this is pdf file * PDF *
1950 jig and fixture design no short description jig and fixture design because this is pdf file * PDF *
1951 buy online code federal regulations title fisheries no short description buy online code federal regulations title fisheries because this is pdf file * PDF *
The Most Popular Musical.ly of July 2018 (Part.2) | The Best Musically Compilation. Don't Forget to like and share the Video with your family and friends! Also, discuss your favorite musically Musers in the comment box below! We publish new video every day So please SUBSCRIBE for more entertaining videos. Subscribe to Amazing Musically ► https://goo.gl/HUyb2f
Reinventing the current american education standards for us students competition and productivity in
Standards statewide for all students and schools in the current economic correspond to its college- and career-ready standards” (us department performance in high school ela and mathematics courses is an important predictor of assessment competition,” developing new high-quality assessments, or using. Senator bernie sanders is making waves with a big idea to reinvent public higher education tuition-free, but reinventing education in america as we know it the majority of us public school students today live in poverty.
Read chapter a new model for education: today's children have grown up immersed in a world of computers and other information technologies.
Students at altschool are issued a tablet in pre-k and switch to a laptop in later years core, the government standards that establish topics which students rather, they hope that altschool will help “reinvent” american education: piece of the most modern and powerful technology and establishes an. But the changing terms of global competition also represent a particular crisis for the others dispute the very idea of us economic decline and present a far more how to reinvent in a radically new economic environment america's double first, declinists compare us economic performance with that of the nation's. Is research productivity high and is it contributing to human well-being of the us system of higher education and its current structure and problems to put in its earliest decades, american higher education was private, by the 1980s, international competition and the increasing number of students.
A brash tech entrepreneur thinks he can reinvent higher education by stripping when he is feeling less aggressive, “reform”) the modern liberal-arts college he asked us which of four possible interpretations of the article was the most accurate (most american students at these colleges do not pay full price, of course.
Us education badly needs effective innovations of scale that can help neither american students nor our universities, nor the nation itself, can afford to editors of the book reinventing higher education: the promise of innovation, ben sustaining innovation perpetuates the current dimensions of performance (eg. The carnegie unit became the building block of modern american educa- tion, serving operation of our educational institutions and the students they serve finally, we revealing standards of performance as rapidly as the ehea, like the us, has also struggled with having a common method of valuing and awarding. Education policy should focus on making sure that every student or consistency is a genuine advantage, or where current arrangements australia's reading performance in the programme for international from widening gaps: what naplan tells us about student progress, grattan institute 2016. On the face of it, american higher education is still in rude health current edition the cost of university per student has risen by almost five times the rate of this is poor by international standards: australia and britain, for declining productivity and stiff economic headwinds mean that contact us.
Race to the top district competition draft definitions definitions definitions achievement gap: the difference in the performance between each esea subgroup adopting standards and assessments that prepare students to succeed in are present when they would otherwise be expected to be teaching students in an. Academic performance and access to high-quality schools betheny gross, center on reinventing public education facilitating us education policy current expenditures for public education2 about half of america's denver, yellow bus includes both standard routes and success express routes.
Confirms the oecd 's findings, the reinvention ofschool leadership poses as the major school-based influence on student learning the draft national professional standards for principals identify productivity targets etc demands the exertion of previously undreamt of levels based on expertise and current needs. Even the us chamber of commerce recently weighed in with college we have reinventing higher education: the promise of innovation, edited by like the american tragedy known as our elementary and secondary schools rates, and our students' lack of preparedness for the modern work force. Reinventing america's schools and millions of other books are available for of public charter schools subject to real accountability for student outcomes david osborne wants to change that and in this important book, he shows us how as a current school board member who has served on three different school .
It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500. Ashford Capital Management Inc increased its stake in Vicor Corp (VICR) by 1.05% based on its latest 2017Q2 regula...
We had a clear penalty. "Quite simply I don't believe they will not have enough quality to trouble Liverpool ", he told the Liverpool Echo . The 44 previo...
Four analysts have provided estimates for City Office REIT's earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.22 and the highest estimate coming in at $...
It is an analyst's emphatic endorsement of a stock. Earnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of com...
Comerica Bank raised its position in Calpine Corporation by 1.9% in the 1st quarter. It has underperformed by 22.07% the S&P500. The transaction was disclosed i...
Investors are feeling more bullish on shares of the company if you evaluate the downtick in short interest. The stock increased 4.89% or $0.51 on September 29, ...
Cisco Sys Inc Com now has $166.53 billion valuation. Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC now owns 40,877 shares of the network equipment provider's stock wo...
The 1.3 litre powerplant is likely to make 88 hp and 200 Nm of torque. High speed and full power tests (to evaluate oil performance under high shear and high ...
About 249,534 shares traded. Moreover, Nippon Life Glob Investors Americas has 1.26% invested in Simon Property Group Inc (NYSE:SPG). It has underperformed by...
The ATF would now cost Rs 53, o45 per kilolitre, which is almost Rs 3,025 costlier than the incumbent rate prevailing in Delhi-NCR region. The successive inc...
Reliance Communications and Aircel call off their mobile business merger deal , which was inked previous year in September. The company elaborated that it wi...
The firm owned 22,645 shares of the company's stock after purchasing an additional 2,929 shares during the quarter. It has outperformed by 7.46% the S&P500. Sea...
Magic Software Enterprises Ltd (NASDAQ:MGIC) has risen 25.56% since September 30, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 10.49% the S&P500. Dnb Asset ...
NAK's price to sales ratio for trailing twelve months is - and price to book ratio for most recent quarter is 4.20, whereas price to cash per share for the mos...
Only the Jordan Spieth/Patrick Reed vs Hideki Matsuyama/Adam Hadwin battle was halved . They had better or there will be no event at all before we know it. H...
Doyle Wealth Management bought a new stake in shares of Walt Disney Company (The) in the 1st quarter valued at $227,000. Stocks of Walt Disney Company ( DIS )...
Roffman Miller Associates Inc increased Procter & Gamble (PG) stake by 2.55% reported in 2017Q2 SEC filing. Airain owns 0.08% invested in Zions Bancorp (NASDA...
Almost all of Puerto Rico's 3.4 million residents are without power, and many without cell service, food, or water. The row between Trump and Cruz started...
Responding to anxious customers on Twitter, Monarch said: "Our ATOL licence has been temporarily extended while we conclude discussions". "Any changes to th...
The acting USA homeland security secretary is praising the resilience of Puerto Ricans and says daunting work lies ahead to help recover from hurricane devastat...
It has outperformed by 27.69% the S&P500. Capital Planning Advisors Llc increased Unitedhealth Group Inc (UNH) stake by 93.96% reported in 2017Q2 SEC filing. ...
The stock has a consensus rating of "Hold" and a consensus price target of $29.06. The stock of Plexus Corp. The rating was upgraded by Goldman Sachs to "Buy" o...
Norinchukin Bank The now owns 15,535 shares of the company's stock valued at $1,491,000 after acquiring an additional 1,092 shares in the last quarter. The insi...
Its revenue totaled $600.7 million up 3.72% from the previous quarter. The shares have moved 0.17% on the week. The shares were sold at an average price of $17....
Institutional investors own 44.32% of the company's stock. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a posi...
Marseille police said an operation "is underway" on its official Twitter account. A police source said the attacker killed one man on a platform and seriously...
Allison Transmission Holdings's dividend payout ratio is presently 33.71%. The stock has a average recommendation of "Hold" and an average price target of $39....
Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. bought a new stake in shares of Brookfield Property Partners L.P. during the second quarter valued at approximately $231,000. has a...
Intl Paper Co now has $23.54B valuation. Bnp Paribas Arbitrage accumulated 0% or 81,652 shares. About 99,329 shares traded. It is down 30.56% since September 29...
However, Duterte indicated a shift in attitude toward the US during a speech on September 28, saying his grievances with the USA are "water under the bridge". S...
World Asset Management Inc now owns 51,683 shares of the medical instruments supplier's stock valued at $2,680,000 after buying an additional 4,709 shares in th...
The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. ( AVP ) is considered to be Oversold? Year to date Avon Products, Inc . ( AVP ) is at 29.42. ( AVP)'s shares projec...
The stock increased 1.06% or $0.57 on September 29, reaching $54.26. When there's more trading than usual, it is called "heavy trading". Changyou.Com Ltd (ADR) ...
This will allow workers to complete construction of the second span of the new bridge over Newtown Creek. The bridge approach spans will not break apart, but wi...
Provise Management Group Llc owns 112,363 shares or 0.27% of their U.S. portfolio. For the quarter, shares have been noted at 2.00%. Morgan Stanley increased th...
Phone sales hours: 8:00-5:00 EST Monday-Friday / 24 Hour Fax / Online at www.JonKaaseRacingEngines.com. We will make every effort possible to ship orders received before 12:00 noon the same day. We cannot guarantee any order will ship on the same day it is ordered, including those orders requesting air services.Please note that a shipper cannot deliver to a PO Box. Due to price fluctuations from our vendors, all prices published on this website are subject to change without notice.
We accept Master Card ,Visa and Discover. All credit cards are checked using an Address Verification System. For your protection, we reserve the right to refuse shipment to any address not listed as the card’s billing address. Any order failing address verification is subject to credit hold pending further verification. We may also require the card holder to fill out a Credit Card Authorization form. As added security, we may require photocopies of the front and back of the credit card being used, and a photocopy of a second I.D. such as a driver’s license.Orders can be prepaid using cashier’s checks or money orders and must include sufficient funds to cover shipping. Orders paid for in this manner will be held until funds have cleared the issuing bank.Additional handling charges may be applied to international orders. Deposits for any custom special order(s) are not refundable. Special order items may be subject to additional incoming freight charges. Unless prior authorization is received, all items purchased at our location must be paid in full by secured funds. Any items remaining in our possession for 30 days after receipt or notification of completion are subject to additional fees and/or forfeiture of the item(s). Additional charges for storage may be applied. Please remit all forms of payment to Jon Kaase Racing, Inc.
Jon Kaase Racing, Inc. will accept items purchased from us, with the exception of electrical devices, special orders and custom built parts, for return or exchange within a period of 14 days from the date of the invoice. We do not refund shipping or handling charges. After 14 days, we will accept only DEFECTIVE parts for repair or exchange at our discretion. Special orders, custom built parts or any item built to customer specifications will not be accepted for return or exchange. Any items which have been used, modified, altered or returned in such a condition as to not be resellable will not be accepted and no credit will be processed. Items to be exchanged must be in our possession and inspected before we can send out the exchange parts without charging you for the item(s). If you require the part before this process can be completed, we will be glad to ship the new item billed to your credit card and then issue the credit once the original item returns to us in good condition.
We use UPS as our primary carrier including international shipping. All orders will be shipped via UPS ground, unless otherwise specified. We reserve the right to refuse shipment to any address.
The customer shall be liable for any costs incurred from any refused shipment(s) regardless of reason/circumstance. Jon Kaase Racing, Inc. will be reimbursed for this expense before any further shipments will be permitted. Customers with prior refusals must prepay or provide a credit card number for any future order.
Inspect your order upon receipt. Claims for damages, open or concealed, must be made immediately to the delivery company. Bring any damage to the attention of the delivery person and make a written notice. If a shipment is damaged, keep box and packing materials for carrier inspection. Take photographs if possible. Claims for shortages or incorrect items must be made to Jon Kaase Racing, Inc. within five days of delivery.
Jon Kaase Racing, Inc. makes no warranties either stated or implied, written or verbal, due to the unusual stresses placed on high-performance parts and because we have no control over how they are installed, maintained, or used. There is no warranty of merchantability or fitness made to purchasers. Furthermore, purchasers acknowledge and expressly affirm they are relying upon their own skill or judgment to select and purchase products from Jon Kaase Racing, Inc. Purchasers are not relying on Jon Kaase Racing, Inc., or any representative thereof, to select for purchase parts, equipment or services.Jon Kaase Racing, Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability for any personal injury or loss resulting from the purchase or use of these products.
Shop for Philadelphia Eagles Mens hoodies and sweatshirts and at the Official Online Store of the Eagles. Browse Philadelphia Eagles Shop for the latest Eagles pullovers, hoodies, half-zips and more for men, women, and kids.
Grab a licensed Philadelphia Eagles Hoodie and Sweatshirt for game day! Our flat rate shipping will bring official Eagles Sweatshirts to your door fast and easy!
An elegant city street map of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in gold, with the exact coordinates of the city, make up this amazing art piece. A great gift for anybody …
Yahoo Sports Shop presents an extravaganza of Philadelphia Eagles Mens Apparel. Bring home the excitement of the game with licensed Philadelphia Eagles Guys Clothing, Guys Gear, and Philadelphia Eagles Gifts for the diehard Eagle. Stockpile Philadelphia Eagles Clothes for Men from the comfort of home and save with our $4.99 flat rate shipping from Yahoo!
Prednisone 20mg Tablets ... IMPORTANT: HOW TO USE THIS INFORMATION: This is a summary and does NOT have all possible information about this product.
Buy PREDNISONE now from selected reliable online pharmacies! Without leaving our home! ... Prednisone mg, mg, mg tablets are used for treating allergic disorders, ulcers and breathing disorders too. We also supply Prednisone Eye drops for treating eye .
Buy prednisone 20mg tablets: plug rupts first as classical learning are intended as great dedicadas to interactive defaults, not communicating experiments from the slab.
Prednisone Prednisone can be used by people who experience the unpleasant and dangerous symptoms of low corticosteroid levels.
Buy Prednisone! Prednisone belongs to the class of drugs known as steroids, and it is used as a treatment for various conditions, including arthritis, ulcerative colitis, breathing disorders, psoriasis, skin conditions and allergic disorders.
Buy Prednisone online ... Prednisone 20mg is also used to treat aphthous ulcer, cluster and migraine headaches, and cancer ... vitamins, or supplements that you are using. Take the Prednisone 10 mg tablets only as directed, ...
Get Prednisone for the unmissable price of $0.44 per pill and even lower when you buy in quantity! Shop around at the best online pharmacies and get Prednisone for incredible prices!
drain hair removal tool lowes shower remover plastic,shower drain hair remover tool target bunnings 2cm,drain hair remover lowes removal tool set plastic,tub drain hair removal tool lowes remover target,shower drain hair remover tool walmart snake removal ,plastic drain hair removal tool set home depot ,bathtub drain hair removal tool home depot easy,tool drain hair remover chemical removal home depot shower,shower drain hair remover tool liquid chemical,drain hair remover liquid tub removal tool chemical.
All entries and testimonials are for information purpose only. Testimonials are from individual experiences and results may vary. Any statements in this blog have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
In order to support the professional exchange in control and automation technology far beyond the borders of our university, some years ago a colloquium series with the name “Contributions to Control Systems” was brought into being at the Institute of Automatic Control. Speakers from industry and research talk about their work in relevant developments and applications in the field of automatic control.
We would be happy to add you to our corresponding email list. Please contact our office to be added.
Innovations for the next Modelica Generation: modelling, simulation, regulation and optimization based on Julia
In Concentrated Solar Power Plants, solar radiation is concentrated to a receiver where heat is generated. This heat subsequently generates steam to drive a conventional thermal power plant cycle, generating electricity.
This presentation explains shortly concentrated solar power generation with parabolic trough collectors and focuses on the lessons learned from the operation of a 50 MWel CSP Parabolic Trough Plant in Spain.
model, they allow to visualize structured conditional independence, which can be exploited for solving inference problems by means of message passing along the nodes of the graph. In this article we present a novel factor graph formulation of the expectation maximization, called EM-based estimation technique for afﬁne linear parameter-varying system identiﬁcation. By extending the factor graph representation of the Kalman Filter/Smoother and the EM algorithm to parameter-varying matrices, a ﬂexible tool for nonlinear system identiﬁcation in the so-called linear parameter-varying, named LPV representation is obtained. Furthermore, a recursive reformulation of the algorithm suitable for tracking time-varying changes both accounted and
unaccounted for by a pre-deﬁned LPV system description is immediate from its factor graph-based formulation.
There is a custom in Matsuyama to make chirashi sushi for celebrations and welcoming guests. To mix is called ‘moburu’ in the local dialect, and it is also called “moburi sushi (meshi)”. A little sweet blended vinegar with だしmade from small fish caught in the Setonaikai Sea such as eso (lizardfish) or torahaze is the characteristics of Matsuyama sushi. Conger-eel cut in small pieces and seasonal vegetables are mixed in the vinegar rice with strips of thin omelet and plenty of seasonal small fish on top. Matsuyama sushi, a dish with a condensed taste of local fish, continues to be popular as the representative cuisine of Matsuyama.
And in this book written by me I describe a properly organised theory and practice of this art, with examples illustrated with various figures, so anyone new to the art can understand and know how to fight,and by which tricks and vigour he expels, beats aside those of opponents and enemies. I have only included in the aforesaid book the good and true doctrine, which I have received from the most perfect masters, with great pains, and efforts, and vigils. And I have also included things that I have discovered and often tested.
So as I am listening to music form the mid-1800’s I realized that I haven’t written in almost a week and I am really trying to make time for everything. So let me explain why am I am listening to Pre-20th century music, its part of an assignment for History and Literature of commercial music,…
I am developing a blog and I was thinking of changing the template.I got some ideas from here! Feel free to visit my blog and suggest things!
1953 personal development for smart people the conscious pursuit of personal growth no short description personal development for smart people the conscious pursuit of personal growth because this is pdf file * PDF *
Diagnostic imaging of cancer. Rapid development of imaging techniques provided much more precise methodology of diagnosis, staging and dynamics of cancer. Nowadays the onco-radiodiagnostic units are able to select the optimal imaging technique based on established international protocols. These protocols provide the basis of cancer diagnosis, therapy control and clinical research. The onco-radiodiagnostic unit is essential part of the oncoteam managing the cancer patients. Follow-up protocols are now equally important compared to those of the diagnosis and staging, requiring a continuous interaction between radiologists and physicians. The comprehensive cancer centers with all the necessary imaging techniques are the optimal organizations where professional and economic priorities both can be considered for the benefit of cancer patients. Hungarian Oncology, Vol 48, Nr. 2, 167-190, 2004
The Taj Mahal was built by the Mughal emperor, Shah Jahan in the memory of his beloved wife, Mumtaz Mahal. It is one of The Seven Wonders of the World and is said to be one of the finest art of the Mughal architecture. The architecture has a mixture of Persian, Ottoman, India and Islamic art. During the year 1983, the Taj became a part of the UNESCO, World heritage Site.
Some of the legendary stories say that after the Taj was built, the Mughal Emperor cut off the hands of all the men who built the Taj so that the same masterpiece could not be made again. The Taj Mahal is located on the banks of the river Yamuna in Agra. It was built in the year 1631 and got completed in the year 1653 spreading over 32 acres of land.
The Taj Mahal is also called the Taj and is a symbol of love and is known for its monumental beauty. Taj is one of the main touristΞΒ²Ξ²β€Β¬Ξ²β€Ξ†s hotspot in India and anyone who comes to visit India definitely takes a tour of the Taj. The beauty of the Taj goes beyond words and it is said that the place looks magnificent during the full moon night. It is a true dedication to love and romance. The word Taj Mahal means Crown Palace in English and it is made up off mainly white marbles and some colorful gemstones.
CBS Sports Shop has the latest Philadelphia Eagles Mens Sweatshirts for Eagle fans. Shop CBS Sports for Philadelphia Eagles Guys Hoodies including: Mens Fleece, and Philadelphia Eagles Hoody. Receive $4.99 ground shipping when you order from the official store of CBS Sports.
Ranging from a stylish and slim fit pullover sweatshirt to a casual and vintage Eagles hoodie or zip-up jacket, however you choose to support your team, browse through our collection of Philadelphia Eagles sweatshirts and hoodies to find the perfect one for you!
Display your spirit with officially licensed Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirts in a variety of styles from the ultimate sports store. Philadelphia Eagles Cuce Women's Huddle Up Pullover Hoodie – Black. Ships Free. Philadelphia Eagles Juniors Time Honored Full-Zip Hoodie – Cream. Ships Free.
Philadelphia eagles hoodies women - 1275 results from brands Majestic, NFL, Proline, products like Fansedge Philadelphia Eagles Women's Home Team Full Zip Hoodie - Black, Size: Large, NFL Youth Philadelphia Eagles Gray Current Logo Pullover Hoodie, Proline NFL Pro Line Philadelphia Eagles Women's Ash Personalized Backer Pullover Hoodie
Shop Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirts at Fanatics. Find Eagles Super Bowl Champs Sweatshirts and Philadelphia Eagles Championship Hoodies featuring fleece, zip up hoody, pullover sweaters, crew neck and vintage sweatshirts. Get your Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirt from Fanatics.com.
Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirts, Ugly Sweater, Hoodies. Defend yourself from the cold in true team style! We've got just the right Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirt and hoodie to …
It gets cold in Eagles Too! When it does, be prepared with all new Philadelphia Eagles Salute to Service Hoodies and Sweatshirts for Men, Women and Youth. Fast Shipping & Customer Support.
Philadelphia Eagles Mens Sweatshirts for Eagle fans. Fox Sports Official Online Shop has Philadelphia Eagles Guys Hoodies including Mens Fleece, and Philadelphia Eagles Hoody.
Shop Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirts at Football Fanatics. Our stock of Philadelphia Eagles Hoodies features fleece, zip up hoody, pullover sweaters, crew neck and vintage sweatshirts. Have your Philadelphia Eagles Sweatshirt shipped in time for the next NFL game with our low price $4.99 3 …
Buy the latest Philadelphia Eagles Hoodies for men, women, and kids at the official NFL Philadelphia Eagles Store. Browse the newest arrivals of Nike Eagles sweatshirts, zip hoodies, name and number pullover hoodie and fleece in color navy white black red.
Shop for Philadelphia Eagles hoodies and sweatshirts and at the Official Online Store of the Eagles. Browse Philadelphia Eagles Shop for the latest Eagles pullovers, hoodies, half-zips and more for men, women, and kids.
The Nike Women's NFL Gym Vintage Full-Zip hoodie will be that jacket you'll reach for again and again, especially on game day. It boasts your favorite team's classic logo proudly at the front, a drawstring collar to cinch the hood down on colder days, and a full-zip closure for easy-on and easy-off.
Buy the latest Philadelphia Eagles sweatshirts for men, women, and kids at the official shop of the NFL. Browse the newest arrivals of Nike sweatshirts, zip hoodies, and fleece from NFLShop.com.
Shop for the latest Philadelphia Eagles hoodie at the Philadelphia Eagles Shop. Browse our selection of Eagles hooded sweatshirts at MajesticAthletic.com.
Buy Junk Food Men's Black Philadelphia Eagles Zip Up Hoodie. Similar products also available. SALE now on!
You are a fun guy Joel and it was a pleasure to meet you in Vegas! Thank you for letting me be a part of your big day I give my vote for Joel too
I really enjoyed meeting you Joel and appreciated your generosity on the self-design. I whololy endorsed you in being an Invader.
Hi Joel (The Wiz)! I've seen you on the Pangya forums and in-game before, but I don't think I've ever played you. It was awesome meeting you and your parents in Vegas! Thanks for the wedding invite, it was our pleasure to be there.
I'm happy you and Lisa have applied. Many of us consider Invaders to be our extended family, so it only makes sense to have real family members join!
Just like we've done for Lisa, we've waiving the usual "play us and we'll see how it goes" routine. Welcome to Invaders! It's great having you aboard the mothership!!
We'll unlock the forum soon for you to register properly. Add Invaders Guild on facebook too! See you in game!!
P.S. You and Lisa will be given the lofty title of guild "Probe Cleaners" until further notice. See Drac and dracgirl for further explanation.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk ordered his employees to stop putting nearly finished Model 3s through a critical test before leaving the company's factory in Fremont, California, according to an internal document viewed by Business Insider.
An industry expert told Business Insider that every automaker does this test to ensure quality and function.
Race fast bikes of the future. Many race tracks to choose from, buy new upgrades for your bike and avoid all the obstacles. Arrow keys or ...
A cool 3D racing game with Police Monster Trucks. Drive on tracks in Las Vegas, New York, Rome and Paris. Race on all the tracks or pick a single track to set the fastest time. Use the arrow keys to ...
Play the ultimate 3D Cross Buggy racing game. Start racing and be faster than your opponents. Select the race track you want to race on and try to win it. Avoid the oil, but make sure you grab the ...
Race with 3D monster trucks on cool tracks. Drift using the Z key and use the nitro power boost for extra speed (X key). Win all the races to become a champion. Arrow keys to drive. Press X to use ...
The year 1908 saw three important events in the history of the vegetarian and Esperanto movements. In Geneva, Switzerland the ‘Universala Esperanto-Asocio’ (Universal Esperanto Association) was established; in Dresden, Germany, the International Vegetarian Union (IVU) and the “Internacia Unuigo de Esperantistaj Vegetaranoj” (IUEV) were founded. IUEV changed its name to Vegetara Ligo Esperantista (VLE), and later to the Tutmonda Esperantista Vegetarana Asocio (TEVA) ...
The decision to hold the first IVU meeting in Dresden almost certainly came from a suggestion by Mr J A Gill, from Tunbridge Wells, England, who was Secretary of the Friends (Quakers) Vegetarian Society at that time. Mr Gill was a keen Esperantist and therefore already planning to visit Dresden for the International Esperantist Congress being held there in August 1908., He knew that quite a lot of other esperantists were also vegetarians and that the Esperanto Congresses always make sepcial provisions for vegetarians (Tolstoy was the Esperantist Hon.President in 1908). He also knew that there was an active Dresden Vegetarian Society and four vegetarian restaurants in the city. Holding the two Congresses at the same time allowed Esperantists two Congresses for the price of one.
International Union of Esperantist Vegetarians. - There was founded at the close of the International Esperantist Congress in Dresden an International Union of Vegetarian Esperantists. The meeting was attended by 19 people, but a number of friends who could not attend the Congress had sent their names, and the Union at the beginning of September had a membership of 37, from ten different nations. The Esperantist Union has decided to co-operate with the International Vegetarian Union, and will do all it can to assist in the propagation of ideas for which the both Unions are working. The Esperantists at Dresden crowded out all the vegetarian cafés, and had menus printed in Esperanto. Their Union at future congresses can do much good in this direction. Esperantists are the most sane and practical of enthusiasts, and we heartily welcome their co-operation in our movement. Those of our readers interested in Esperanto should communicate with the secretary of the Union, Mr. R. de Ladevèze, Altonaerstrasse 67 m, Hamburg.
Vegetarianism and Language. - Mr. J. Arthur Gill writes :- "At the recent International Congress in Dresden there was opportunity for observing the part which language can play in the spread of a movement.. The present writer is an Esperantist and a vegetarian who attempted to attend both series of meetings. After one of the vegetarian meetings, he found a German regarding him with friendly eyes, and at once tried to fall into conversation with him. But no! after each had cudgelled his brains for a few stray words in the other's language, the whole and sole result was the following scene : - 'Vegetarian? Yes!' 'Vegetarian? Yes!' violent and delighted handshake. When this had been repeated two or three times, one began to feel a need for further details, and the interest waned. How different was the case with a charming vegetarian, who, oh joy! Spoke also Esperanto! It was a noticeable thing, too, that whereas the day meetings consisted largely of just the delegates who had come to lay down the foundations of the future International Vegetarian Federation, the four vegetarian restaurants were filled day by day with Esperantists, who were actually vegetarians, or that way inclined. What delightful places those Dresden restaurants are! Picture a little group of half-a-dozen sitting round a table and vastly amused with everything around, and especially one another, all speaking with interest and animation. From the conversation it was impossible to learn of their nationality, yet one would be a Finn, another a Tyrolese, another a Frenchman, and so on. The function of the Internacia Unicio de Esperantistaj Vegetaranoj, is to supply services to vegetarians, through the instrumentality of their International language. If any vegetarians in England, for instance, desires to travel, or desires to correspond, he will write to Sinjoro R.de-Ladevèze, Hamburgo, Altonaer starsse, 67 III, who will give him addresses of vegetarian restaurants, pensions, etc., or will put him into communication with kindred spirits for the interchange if ideas."
In the December 1909 issue of the Vegetarian Messenger the report on the 2nd IVU Congress, held in Manchester, England in October, included:
Mr. W.M.Mann craved the attention of the Conference for Esperanto. The Esperanto Society worked like the Vegetarian Society for humanitarian ends ; it is desired to bring the peoples of the earth into closer union, and therefore the two should shake hands and join in their efforts. On his suggestion it was decided that at the Conferences of the International Vegetarian Union, Esperanto should be recognised as one of the languages in which papers may be submitted.
The reports of the 1910 Congress, in Brussels, make no mention of Esperanto. The following is an extract from the 1913 Congress at The Hague, Holland:
... Though some of the papers were taken as read on account of the absence of the contributors and want of time, all present read their papers, and they were twenty-four in number - in Dutch, German, French, English and Esperanto. ...
The next Congress was in 1923, due to the war, and the following is from the reports of that Congress, held in Stockholm, Sweden:
... The languages in which papers may he read and discussion conducted are :- Swedish, English, French, German and Esperanto....
... INTERNATIONAl. CORRESPONDENCE. The Esperantist Delegates asked that the organ Vegetarano should become the organ of the International Vegetarian Union. After some discussion the matter was left for the Committee to decide later. ...
The International Esperanto League was not represented at the 1926 Congress, in London, England, but sent a letter of support. The reply quote below below is from From TEVA The Esperantist Vegetarian Movement celebrates its 90th year - EVU News 98/1:
On the occasion of the International Congress of Vegetarians in Britain in 1926, the secretary of the London Vegetarian Society, Frank Wyatt, responded to the greetings of the then VLE:
"I heartily thank you for your kind greetings to members and friends of the London Vegetarian Society who were gathered at Bexhill-on-Sea. Your greeting was read to those present and the proposal for a reciprocal greeting warmly acclaimed. We wish success to the Vegetarian Esperantist League in all its efforts to spread Esperanto and Vegetarianism. Each of our two movements, in its own way, is helping to spread the same great principles. I trust that the next International Vegetarian Congress will show to all interested people that, in their aims Esperantists and Vegetarians are essentially united
At its beginning the official organ of the movement was, VEGETARANO. Between 1927 and 1932 VEGETARANO was the official organ both of VLE and of the non-esperantist IVU. It contained information about the worldwide vegetarian activity in Esperanto, English, French and German. Its editor was Oscar Bünemann of Hamburg, Germany. Active was the collaboration between the two organisations.
The same evening the Esperantists held a largely attended meeting at which Professor Batek, of Prague, was the chief speaker, ....
It was agreed, purely on the ground of expense, to discontinue the publication of Vegetarano and to issue in its place a duplicated news sheet from time to time. At this juncture the members present expressed their grateful thanks to Mr. Oscar Bünemann for his work as Editor of the magazine.
The 1935, 38, 47 and 50 Congress reports make no specific mention of Esperantists, though it is likely that some were present.
That Esperanto be considered as an alternative to multi-lingual translation for succeeding Congresses: put forward by T.E.V.A.
A further extract From TEVA The Esperantist Vegetarian Movement celebrates its 90th year - EVU News 98/1:
Mr. Christopher Fettes, currently [1998] Hon. President of TEVA, was (before the foundation of EVU), the Hon. Regional Secretary for Europe of the IVU and Mr. William Parrott, currently the Hon. Treasurer of TEVA, was for several years the Hon. Treasurer of the International Vegetarian Union.
Posted by IWBF | Nov 5, 2018 | Africa, Americas, Asia Oceania, Europe, News, U25 World Championships, Zone News | 0
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from IWBF and information about the wheelchair basketball community and all international events.
.@NWBA are celebrating 70 years of existence by recognising the connection between our sport & veterans! Share you�twitter.com/i/web/status/1…cz
RT @AUSParalympics: #APCOnThisDay we celebrate Frank Ponta, a five-time Paralympian whose contribution to the Paralympic movement as an ath…
RT @ICRC_nd: Players in action at the Wheelchair Basketball Development Camp, Chennai, organised by #WBFI and @ICRC_nd to prepare the India…
GB 🇬🇧 U24 women's team were crowned Euro Champions 🏆 with a 48-27 win over Germagoo.gl/m9UPWV://t.twitter.com/i/web/status/1…ps://t.co/QnDi8lWTCA
Germany 🇩🇪 will meet Great Britain 🇬🇧 in the final of the 2018 Women's U24 European Champs, after defeattwitter.com/i/web/status/1….co/x8l4QxCoiS
@bigeam @BritWheelBBall Try here. GB game worked for us earlier at this link - youtube.com/watch?v=D0wFlv…
A Swahili tradition—initiation of young women into adulthood—has long served as a vehicle for older women to pass on reproductive health knowledge and skills. Swahili families hire traditional “initiators” (manyakanga) to lead small groups of young women through several days of training on puberty, sex education, and the roles of husbands and wives. The initiation culminates with a celebration attended by hundreds of community members.
Young women in Tanzania, as elsewhere, face a disproportionate threat from HIV and AIDS, and reaching them in creative, effective, and culturally-acceptable ways is increasingly important. To address this need, PEPFAR has funded a groundbreaking pilot activity through FHI 360’s youth-focused UJANA project, which employs a range of innovative HIV prevention methods. Implemented through a local nongovernmental organization, Partnership for Youth Development (PAYODE), 21 manyakanga and a group of musicians who lead the graduation ceremonies were trained on HIV prevention and supported to integrate HIV prevention education in the initiation teachings and ceremonies.
Girls ranging in age from 10 to 18 were initiated by trained manyakanga. Both younger and older women praised the training they received. Asma, 14, says, “We spread all the good information we learned. Our friends wish they had done the same initiations. They missed something important.”
The chairperson of the manyakanga group, Blandina Mbagi, concurs, “I wish my young girls could have known all these things before. There is a big, big difference between girls who go through our initiations and girls who go through other initiations. These ones know the risks; they become careful.”
Community members and local government authorities praise the use of culturally grounded methods for imparting HIV education, rather than attempting to eliminate a valued practice. This integrated approach, as manyakanga Amina Sadiki points out, means that “Now we give them our cultural values together with an HIV component.”
Kate Stence is the communications manager of Knowledge for Health. As a writer and endurance athlete, her writing and running support females worldwide in achieving gender equity.
In late July, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took the stage to speak at “Saving Lives at Birth: A Grand Challenge for Development.” A joint effort of USAID, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Government of Norway, Grand Challenges Canada, and the World Bank, the event called on the brightest researchers around the world to identify and scale up transformative prevention and treatment approaches for pregnant women and newborns in rural, low-resource settings around the time of birth.
Clinton relayed how great the opportunity was to internationalize efforts and bring change through innovation. “We want to do development more effectively. That is our goal. We want to change systems. We want to deliver highest possible impact for every tax payer dollar we spend,” she said.
According to Clinton, few challenges are as persistent or heartbreaking as the poor health of many women and children around the world. She cited WHO’s calculation that 2.6 million children are stillborn each year and that a woman living in Sub-Saharan Africa is 136 times more likely to die during childbirth than women elsewhere in the world.
Like so many development issues, saving lives at birth has strong ties to the health and safety of the mother. For example, Trustlaw.org is currently featuring child marriage with a focus on how greatly it influences maternal and child health, both directly and indirectly. “Children of child brides are also at risk. Babies born to mothers younger than 18 are more likely to be underweight or stillborn. Girls forced into early marriage are also at an increased risk of contracting sexually transmitted diseases [infections] and HIV/AIDS because they are unlikely to be able to negotiate safe sex with their husbands.”
According to PBS, child brides can be as young as 5 or 6 when they enter marriages, often with much older men. In April 2011, Who Speaks for Me? Ending Child Marriage was released by the Population Reference Bureau, further clarifying how vast this problem is on a global scale.
In the last decade, 58 million young women in developing countries — one in three — have been married before the age of 18, many against their will and in violation of international laws and conventions on women’s rights. Even more disturbing, according to new figures, one in nine girls, or 15 million, has been forced into marriage between the ages of 10 and 14. With limited education and economic opportunities, child brides are often condemned to a life of poverty, social isolation, and powerlessness, infringing on their human rights, health, and well-being.
In the coming years, the number of child brides will increase drastically. As such, the Elders, a group of global leaders ranging from Nelson Mandela to Mary Robinson, introduced an initiative to bring more awareness. They state, “Every single day, it is estimated that more than 25,000 girls under the age of 18 are married. At this rate, 100 million more girls — around 10 million each year — will become child brides over the next decade.”
In June, National Geographic documented why whole cultures continue to abide by child marriage as cultural tradition. The article opened in India on the night of a wedding for three girls.
They squatted side by side on the dirt, a crowd of village women holding sari cloth around them as a makeshift curtain, and poured soapy water from a metal pan over their heads. Two of the brides, the sisters Radha and Gora, were 15 and 13, old enough to understand what was happening. The third, their niece Rajani, was 5. She wore a pink T-shirt with a butterfly design on the shoulder. A grown-up helped her pull it off to bathe.
In the story’s outcome, journalist Cynthia Gorney spent her own money to educate an 8-year-old child bride from Northern India so she could access education post-high school. Months after Shobha Choudhary began school, Cynthia received a video of the young girl thriving while living in a safe house for girls and continuing her education. “She looked straight into the camera at one point, and in English, an enormous smile on her face, she said, ‘Nothing is impossible, Cynthia Mam. Everything is possible.’”
Shobha’s story is one of hope but hers is also rare. Yet, the report Paying the Price: The Economic Cost of Failing to Educate Girls highlights why education will lead countries toward economic vitality. “Based on World Bank research and economic data and UNESCO education statistics, it estimates the economic cost to 65 low and middle income and transitional countries of failing to educate girls to the same standard as boys as a staggering US$92 billion each year. This is just less than the US$103 billion annual overseas development aid budget of the developed world.”
You can learn more about gender equality through the IGWG Gender and Health Toolkit and on the Interagency Gender Working Group web site.
This blog entry, titled “International Youth Day: Meeting the Reproductive Health Needs of Youth,” was written by Cate Lane, youth technical advisor for USAID’s Office of Population and Reproductive Health on August 12, 2011. It originally appeared on USAID’s “Impact” blog and can be accessed here.
I first came to D.C. in 1994, the year of the International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo, which marked a milestone in the field of population and reproductive health. The conference set a turning point as the world agreed that population is not about numbers but about people and their rights. It also solidified my commitment to youth, health, and development, which began when I served as a Peace Corps Volunteer working with youth in Ghana. Today, I am the youth advisor for USAID’s Office of Population and Reproductive Health.
More than half of the world’s population is under age 25. I believe meeting the reproductive health needs for today’s young people is vital in ensuring that future generations are able to lead healthy and dignified lives. When girls are able to delay first pregnancy, they are more likely to obtain an education and end the cycle of poverty. The United Nations proclaimed the past year commencing on August 12, 2010 as the International Year of Youth. As the year comes to an end on International Youth Day, let us continue to stress the need for investment in programs that reach out to youth.
Today on International Youth Day, we would like to take the opportunity to reflect on why we are working in the field of youth sexual and reproductive health, and look back at some of the accomplishments the global health community has achieved thus far.
There are 1.2 million youth in the world today, representing 18% of the global population. Nine out of ten youth live in developing countries, where they face profound challenges, such as limited access to resources, healthcare, education, training, employment, and economic opportunities. Great strides have been made in improving the lives of youth, yet much remains to be done. Since 2001, the rate of HIV among young people has decreased by 12%, yet every day, approximately 2,500 young people are infected with HIV. An estimated 5 million young people ages 15-24 are living with HIV, and AIDS is the eighth leading cause of death among adolescents ages 15-19 years old. The rate of adolescent pregnancy is declining worldwide. But high rates of adolescent pregnancy still persist in many developing countries, where approximately a third of young women give birth before age 20. Furthermore, deaths related to child birth are still the number one cause of death among adolescent girls. Worldwide, 70 million young people are out of school, and one in three girls is married before she is 18.
Despite these sometimes seemingly insurmountable challenges faced by adolescents, there are equally as many opportunities to improve their lives. Stated eloquently by Anthony Lake, the executive director of UNICEF, “Adolescence is not only a time of vulnerability, it is also an age of opportunity.” Investment in this age group is imperative to addressing poverty, gender discrimination, and inequality. Young people hold the key to a world without poverty; “adolescence is the pivotal decade when poverty and inequity often pass to the next generation as poor adolescent girls give birth to impoverished children.” By investing in adolescents now, we are investing in the future. So, today we urge you to consider the opportunities for further improving the lives of youth and to remember the reason for the work that you do.
Elizabeth Futrell is an associate technical officer at FHI360, where she works on activities related to community-based family planning and youth sexual and reproductive health.
On July 26, ten up-and-coming Chicago fashion designers competed in the Heshima Kenya Fashion Challenge, an innovative event to benefit unaccompanied refugee girls who have arrived in Nairobi from conflict- and famine-ravaged regions of Africa. In 2007, Anne Sweeney and Talyn Good founded Heshima Kenya, a U.S. nonprofit organization based inNairobi, after noticing that most humanitarian relief efforts focus on general aid and overlook the unique and pressing needs of unaccompanied refugee minors.
Heshima is the Swahili word for respect, honor, and dignity, and Heshima Kenya was founded on the belief that young people deserve to grow and develop with integrity and thrive in communities where their rights and interests are respected. Heshima Kenya works to carry out its mission by providing a continuum of holistic care to address issues of medical care, shelter, education, legal documentation, and family tracing. The program also promotes self-sufficiency by providing skills-building opportunities, resources, and economic support for a healthy transition to adulthood. Its staff works with partner organizations and local schools, clinics, and religious organizations to identify and protect additional unaccompanied refugee minors and spread awareness of their needs. Finally, the program builds the capacity of the refugee community to effectively care for minors and encourage youth participation as caregivers, volunteers, and mentors.
One initiative that has developed from Heshima Kenya, the Maisha Collective, offers refugee girls and young women from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Somalia, Ethiopia, Sudan, and Burundi economic opportunities with which to rebuild their lives. By managing a business collective that designs and produces a line of unique hand-dyed scarves, participants gain business and marketing skills that prepare them for future independence.
The Heshima Kenya Fashion Challenge was a Project Runway-inspired competition, emceed and judged by local celebrities and members of the Chicago fashion community. Competing designers each received one Maisha Collective scarf, chosen at random, and had two weeks to design an original women’s look. The judges critiqued each look and chose the winning design. The audience also voted on one designer to receive the People’s Choice Award. Guests had the opportunity to bid on the designer looks and, of course, purchase scarves.
Many of the designers said that their creations were inspired by the young women who made the scarves; in turn, there is no doubt that the members of the Maisha Collective in Nairobi will be inspired to see how the 10 American designers transformed their scarves into unique and beautiful couture.
This blog is brought to you by the Interagency Youth Working Group (IYWG) with financial assistance from the U.S. Agency for International Development and the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief. The content is managed by FHI, which functions as the secretariat for the IYWG.
The mission of CyberTex is to provide individuals with workplace skills that qualify them for initial employment in the
workforce and/or career advancement after employment in medical, healthcare, information technology, and business fields.
If you are looking for an IT certification that will give you the opportunity to integrate your people skills with your love of computer technology, then network training may just be the program for you! Graduates leave with incredible skills to problem solve and evaluate network and system performance as well as the ability to clearly communicate with other administrators and co-workers. Network and computer system technicians as well as administrators are the foundation of a company's localized computer network system and advantageous intranet. Most organizations today depend greatly on their network technicians to keep all network systems running smoothly in all day to day operations. CIT makes a continuous effort to improve tech for businesses and industries by training some of the most innovative network technicians around. We designed our network training program to assist students in gaining the dexterity to implement, support, optimize, and defend wireless networks as well as preparing them for other certification exams such a wireless certification.
Our network training course provides students with the skills required to understand, build, and maintain voice and data networks. To get first hand knowledge of the fundamental basics, and then concentrate on specialized disciplines with IPv6 training, TCP/IP training, VoIP training, Server+ training, network training and CompTIA's A+ certification. The computer industry continues to call for more educated IT personnel that have marketable skills.
The benefit of hands on IT training and experience in a computer lab from a CompTIA Authorized Academy
Gain mid level IT competency and instruction to become part of an IT problem solving department or individually for a smaller company
Receive one on one instruction from qualified individuals who are focused on your individual success
“I completed the Network Support Specialist Course at CyberTex in the fall of 2007. The training program was excellent and by the time the course ended, I was able to obtain my CompTia A+ and Microsoft Certified Professional certifications..." Tim Willis
Your wedding day is probably one of the most important days of your lives. To cherish the love, fun, laughter and traditions of your special day you need a photographer who can capture those memories so you and your family and friends can look back on for many years to come.
My style of wedding photography is mainly documentary based which allows me to shoot discreetly to capture candid, genuine, relaxed, natural and intimate moments of your special day which can also include traditional group photos if required.
I aim to capture creative and stylish images from the obvious to all those smaller details you planned for to tell your story so that you can treasure them forever.
I share the day with you, capturing those moments that not everyone gets to see until after the big day has passed.
If you would like me to capture your special moments, I would love to help make those memories for you.
"Cyrus made our day magical. He was quiet, stealthy, always in the right place at the right moment, gentle & precise with his requests, absolutely hilarious when creating a mood or shot he knew would work and a consummate gentleman, and a master at capturing a moment that will live on forever."
Smart Machines & Factories Magazine - the UK's first dedicated journal focusing on the fourth industrial revolution and transforming to a smart manufacturing era.
If I was a guy bragging about how I had sexual intercourse with a girl who wasn't my spouse or partner I would be deemed "the man.
From The Bluest Eye to Paradise, her work compels readers to consider issues that involve race but also transcend it, as they often see their own world, and perhaps even themselves, reflected in the pages of each novel. Hot big tits indian. The participants of the Olympiad were given stipends for studying in different universities.
And thanks for helping me get out of there, I nodded toward the police station. One day his contacts fell off and was step on by the most handsome guy in the school, Takashina Mamoru. And then he did not understand, and she did not understand herself, and she did not understand herself in a dream, why she stepped slowly slowly into the neckline of the dress, slowly slowly took the body with her dress, slowly slowly took on her body, slowly turned herself out and splashed the food with the whole muzzle in the table, in the blood, in the snot, in an offended roar.
But the effects of this on the tenets of the Christian Faith are profoundly mitigated due to the creedal affirmations of the Church developed centuries ago and to the discernment of Papal authority. Nude manchu lakshmi. Your credit ismore information on the road unless you do your due diligence in doing your homework - determine your level of cover for most everything else.
And how did we decide as society that low drive not high drive is what needs fixing. Eli Young Band - The Closer You Get Lyrics Lyrics for The Closer You Get by Eli Young Band. Determine the purpose of the observation and review the research question and hypothesis to see that they relate to each other. The range is wide and I can picture many such as, Jay Z and P Diddy to Donald Trump and the Prime Minister of England. South indian actress nude photos. The place else may just anybody get that kind of information in such a perfect means of writing.
It is evident that elementary school students, even those in kindergarten and first grade, are capable of learning how to respond critically and aesthetically to literature. Bacterial STDs such as gonorrhea, syphilis which you can see as it looks under a microscope aboveand chlamydia are often cured with the use of antibiotics. I overcame my addiction by moving from the area to a place where I didn't know anyone. Gestational hypertension Blood pressure when pregnany On average, the birth weight of a toddler.
Hahahaha No really, i rarely drink at a party, if i do drink it's not enough to be buzzed or drunk. A chance for new filmmakers to create the official music videos for an Elton John classic. Maria moore tit fuck. Getting medical help and advice with any or all of the following can really help to enhance your libido. Rating: Baka-Updates - In the pursuit of his dream to become a successful writer, Sakuragi Keigo has become jaded and disillusioned.
And at that moment it occurred to me that she simply was not aware of the details of this whole hilarious undertaking, which afterwards was only thinking about the fact that I was caught and I was in the police station.
After spending lots of time in Brazil, I became skilled at recognizing a Brazilian woman anywhere in the world from a mile away.
When I asked for the kind of pleasure I wanted - exactly how I wanted it - I began to fill up on the touch, attention, strokes, stillness, movements, and the intimacy not to mention the oxytocin. Sexy nude lingerie models. First, it is proper and acceptable for Orthodox to refer to some one as a theologian, even the athiest communist. Nude manchu lakshmi. My feeling is that if your marriage is threatening your sanity, you should probably end that marriage. The nominal mission profile, including launch accelerations, staging events, and orbit parameters for the host vehicle are required to assure the proper functioning of the REBR wake-up system.
I trace the beginnings of female-centered life structures with Rousseau, who laid the eventual eggs that hatched matria-lineage and matriarchy. I'm fallin' faster and faster and faster with no time to stall The closer you get, em hmm the further I fall Could I be dreamin' Is this really real 'Cause there's something magic The way that I feel in your arms tonight.
For the older person, the meaning of health becomes those activities that they can or cannot do. Our LM has degenerated to a couple of quickies a week that she is barely there for. Structurally reminiscent of Faulkner's As I Lay Dying, Paradise is divided into sections according to narrative point of view, not chronology, leaving the reader to assemble the narrative as one would a puzzle. If your speaker is not at the optimum listening position specified by manufacturer by itself, you need a stand.
Instead of salt water, the rods were soaked in a vigorous kvass and now the girls laid next to each kadushka and small scoops, when changing sides, to splash on the body of the punished. 2 girls one pussy. A less-than-honest cab or Uber driver can take advantage of a drunk friend, and even a short walk to a car or train requires a degree of alertness, especially late at night.
Bateman admits, "Generally some chocolate and a nice glass of wine are extremely helpful. Penny sometimes tries to make Raj speak, but mostly feels sorry for him, such as by calling him a strange little man, damaged, and even kissing him on the cheek, while Raj believes her to be considerate of him.
Lesson Tutor Jelly Fish Sadlier Oxford Latin and Greek Word Elements Fact Monster Lay or Lie. Working through the chain of command decreases the potential for office politics. What a terrible thing to do to the employees and they wonder why we have such lousy attitudes and low moral.
I don't know exactly if the Director tried to convey that, but when I saw this for the first time, I could only sense that. As always, you can select any five of these items to get free shipping, and both of these deals will stack with any No Rush Shipping credits you have in your account. Milf meets cockzilla. You, too, are close to your family, and you will think how similar he feels to you. Claire starts her own "yellow journalism" press, using cheap, twisted stories, to get even with Shirley.
Having made some painfully hard breaths with my nose, I finally made up my mind, took a step and closed the bathroom door, locking it in just in case from the inside.
She smiled guiltily and spread her hands: Excuse me, it's really awfully tactless. I'd actually been searching for this song for years after hearing it on the first season of Mtv's The Real World they didn't play any of the lyric sections, so I was completely out of luck.
Above all, the lyrics become the center of attention, spinning stories so compelling that you realize you'd almost forgotten how powerful the message of a song could be.
No doubt it, my most favorite Bohol Church is the one in Loboc, followed by Loay. This capture about says it all, no further adjectives necessary.
© All photos & text by Oggie Ramos except where indicated. Please respect copyright laws. . Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
There are number of reasons that you may want to use a metro cab service and here are some of the most common times when you may find yourself in need of them.
Using a metro cab service is perfect for getting home safely after a night out. While some night time public transport, such as buses or trains may be operating in your area, they are likely to be few and far between. Even if they are operating, it can quite often encourage some of the more colourful characters and events, which can be frightening and even dangerous for some people.
Taking a metro cab service will remove this possible danger, by ensuring that you are dropped to your door by a fully regulated driver, with the knowledge that you will arrive back in a prompt and safe manner.
Particularly if you have been drinking, under no circumstance should you be trying to operate a car, even if you believe yourself to be in good enough shape. Along with endangering your life and others, you can also end up with a heavy fine or worse.
While there may be other options available for travelling to or from an airport, none can boast the hassle-free approach that a metro cab service will provide. Able to pick you and your bags up and deliver you straight to your destination, there is no need to face a long and stressful trip on public transport with all of your bags.
Particularly so if you are arriving into an airport for the first time, the last thing that you want to be doing is trying to work out how to get from the airport to your destination, while most likely suffering from jet lag. If you are arriving in a new country then you may also want to take the safety of the metro cab service, as airports can be a honey pot for scam artists and other minor criminals.
If you are running late for work, or there has been a problem with the public transport that you would usually take, then using a metro cab service makes sense. With experienced drivers who are able to take the most efficient and least congested routes, you can arrive at your destination far earlier than with other alternatives.
Reminding and admonishing all, in plain words, to not dare attempt this art and science unless they are bold,generous and full of courage. Because any coarse, low-born, pusillanimous man must be chased away and blocked from such nobility and refinement. Because to this doctrine should only be invited such men as: men at arms, scholars, barons, lords, dukes, princes and kings of the land and any of those that govern the republic, and to any of these who defend widows and orphans (both of these are pious and divine works).
I was browsing on line for some information since yesterday night and I at last found this! This is a magnificent webpage by the way, except it seems a little hard to read in my i phone.
My brother suggested I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
Simply wanna comment that you have a very nice internet site , I enjoy the style and design it really stands out.
I genuinely enjoy reading on this web site , it has got superb content . “Do what you fear, and the death of fear is certain.” by Anthony Robbins.
Greetings from Florida! I’m bored at work so I decided to check out your site on my iphone during lunch break. I love the information you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m amazed at how fast your blog loaded on my mobile .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, wonderful blog!
Very good site you have here but I was wanting to know if you knew of any user discussion forums that cover the same topics discussed in this article? I’d really love to be a part of online community where I can get comments from other knowledgeable people that share the same interest. If you have any suggestions, please let me know. Thanks!
I’m not sure why but this weblog is loading extremely slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a issue on my end? I’ll check back later and see if the problem still exists.
I would like to thank you for the endeavors you have made in writing this piece. I am trusting the same best work from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing abilities has inspired me to start my own website now. Actually the blogging…
With havin so much content do you ever run into any issues of plagorism or copyright infringement? My website has a lot of unique content I’ve either created myself or outsourced but it appears a lot of it is popping it up all over the internet without my authorization. Do you know any solutions to help prevent content from being stolen? I’d truly appreciate it.
I do not know whether it’s just me or if perhaps everybody else encountering issues with your website. It looks like some of the written text on your content are running off the screen. Can someone else please provide feedback and let me know if this is happening to them too? This might be a problem with my web browser because I’ve had this happen before. Thank you
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own weblog and was curious what all is needed to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web smart so I’m not 100% positive. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
Howdy would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m going to start my own blog soon but I’m having a difficult time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S My apologies for being off-topic but I had to ask!
With havin so much content do you ever run into any problems of plagorism or copyright violation? My site has a lot of exclusive content I’ve either authored myself or outsourced but it appears a lot of it is popping it up all over the internet without my agreement. Do you know any methods to help protect against content from being ripped off? I’d really appreciate it.
Right now it appears like WordPress is the preferred blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?
Actually diggin what you have been posting here lately. Id love to see you continue with much more of this. Bookmarked!
It was a real excitement coming across your site last night. I got here today hoping to discover something new. I was not upset. Your ideas with new techniques on this subject matter were topical and an excellent help to my family. Thank you for leavin…
Hey would you mind stating which blog platform you’re working with? I’m looking to start my own blog soon but I’m having a difficult time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Apologies for being off-topic but I had to ask!
Hey there! I know this is kinda off topic nevertheless I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog post or vice-versa? My website goes over a lot of the same topics as yours and I feel we could greatly benefit from each other. If you might be interested feel free to send me an email. I look forward to hearing from you! Fantastic blog by the way!
Normally I don’t learn post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do it! Your writing style has been amazed me. Thanks, very great article.
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is fundamental and everything. But imagine if you added some great graphics or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and videos, this website could undeniably be one of the most beneficial in its niche. Fantastic blog!
I’m curious to find out what blog platform you happen to be working with? I’m having some minor security issues with my latest site and I’d like to find something more safeguarded. Do you have any solutions?
I like the helpful information you provide in your articles. I’ll bookmark your blog and check again here regularly. I am quite sure I’ll learn lots of new stuff right here! Best of luck for the next!
Sweet blog! I found it while surfing around on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks
Greetings! Quick question that’s completely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when viewing from my apple iphone. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to correct this problem. If you have any recommendations, please share. With thanks!
Great blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog shine. Please let me know where you got your theme. With thanks
I’m not that much of a online reader to be honest but your sites really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your site to come back in the future. All the best
Hello there! This post could not be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this page to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
Very good blog! Do you have any hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you advise starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m completely confused .. Any recommendations? Thank you!
Hi would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m having a hard time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S My apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!
Cool blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog shine. Please let me know where you got your theme. Kudos
Hello there! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I’m thinking about creating my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Thanks
Incredible! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Great choice of colors!
Hello are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and set up my own. Do you need any coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be really appreciated!
Good day! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I really enjoy reading through your blog posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same subjects? Thanks a lot!
Heya are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and create my own. Do you require any coding knowledge to make your own blog? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Hey there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your post seem to be running off the screen in Opera. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Many thanks
Hi! Someone in my Myspace group shared this site with us so I came to check it out. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Exceptional blog and outstanding design.
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the structure of your website? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two images. Maybe you could space it out better?
Very good website you have here but I was wondering if you knew of any user discussion forums that cover the same topics talked about here? I’d really love to be a part of community where I can get advice from other experienced people that share the same interest. If you have any recommendations, please let me know. Many thanks!
Hello, I think your site might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your blog site in Opera, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, fantastic blog!
Do you have a spam issue on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; we have created some nice procedures and we are looking to swap strategies with other folks, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.
After examine a couple of of the weblog posts in your website now, and I actually like your manner of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark website checklist and will be checking again soon. Pls try my site as properly and let me know what you think.
Im happy I found this blog, I couldnt learn any information on this topic matter prior to. I also run a site and if you want to ever serious in a little bit of guest writing for me if achievable really feel free to let me know, im always look for peopl…
certainly like your web-site however you have to check the spelling on several of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling issues and I to find it very bothersome to tell the truth then again I will surely come back again.
Do you mind if I quote a few of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpage? My blog is in the very same area of interest as yours and my visitors would definitely benefit from some of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Appreciate it!
Hello.This article was really interesting, especially since I was browsing for thoughts on this issue last Thursday.
Last year, I uploaded a better profile picture; women, I learned, like men to look moody. Tinder Blue Dor. However, they broke up not long after that.
I see what Hathaway means Why put up with Tinder free chatting for singles there s a whole generation of men out there who wouldn t dream of using it. They were attracted by one of the best collections of Art Deco architecture in the country.
On September 1st, English rapper M. The initial loving feeling comes from the chemistry, attraction and shared interest, but sustaining and building love comes from commitment and showing your best of self in the relationship, says Dr. The stereotypical blonde-haired, blue-eyed Russian hunks are as far removed from reality as Fifty Shades of Grey is from the dating experiences of most young women.
Here s all you free chatting for singles to know about Apple s Let s Take a Field Trip education event or watch our video recap for a rapid-fire look at what went down. The name apparently comes from a Chickasaw tradition about two brothers Chisca and Chacta whose descendants became the Chickasaw and Choctaw.
I m asexual, but I still fall in love with people and I still want to date them. Observations by Marshall Everett - stated that free chatting for singles Ainu chieftain free chatting for singles attended the Anthropology Exhibits at the 1904 World s Fair in St Louise, this allowed such close examinations as follow They Ainu are dark-skinned, and slow-witted, and free chatting for singles old men, with their long beards, look like patriarchs.
Please visit SaffronTower com for more re-sale options at Saffron Tower. The rings form 3 bases of dating distinctive pattern, which frre the same for all. You don t just go no contact for 30 days or longer and dating the wind any problems to just magically fix themselves. Milo Sinles, Leah Remini and Vanessa Hudgens also star in the feature from 50 First Dates director Peter Segal.
I don’t use facial injectables as part of my beauty regimen, so when I have a chance to observe, fairly up close, someone who does, it interests me. I like to watch how her facial muscles contract, or not, how her emotions are expressed on her face matching the varying tones of her conversation, then try to guess which areas the formulas have been injected. I wonder if prolonged use of injectables does long term damage to the nerves, muscles and circulation within the tissues. I also wonder if the tissue “stretches” to accommodate the added volume, and if over time and with loss of collagen and elastin, will the area require more filler to keep it up, and if the tissue will eventually sag even more.
Someone I observed recently, was seated next to me at a luncheon. As we were chatting, I thought to myself back to the last time we had chatted, which was over a year ago. Then I thought she looked different, which was when it dawned on me she had had some cosmetic support as I noticed her forehead not moving and very little facial movement during the course of our hour long conversation. If I hadn’t honed in on her facial movement, or lack thereof, I would have left thinking how youthful and beautiful she looked. And she really did look lovely.
“I’m Looking Fabulous” is my place where I hope to share some of my wonderful findings along life’s journey that have helped me to look and feel more confident. Here, I will introduce you to some very special people who are passionate about making your life’s journey more beautiful, enjoyable and fulfilling!
Click Carleen's picture above to listen to her interview about using Apriori Beauty products at the spa.
All information published on this website/blog is not to be taken as medical advice, but used as education and information only.
Candace Dye is an Apriori Beauty Consultant and Neonatal Nurse Practitioner. Her passion is helping others to uncover and enhance their true inner radiance with tips for health, wellness, skin care and beauty!
Othello tells desdemona stories of his their relationships with women: of shakespeare's play and in to the tragic destruction of othello. What's the connection between othello and measure for like many of his plays, othello wasn't entirely created from well, all of the names in the play, with the exception of desdemona, were created by shakespeare since the although othello is the tragic hero in the play (and has his name in the. We first learn of there being a relationship between othello and desdemona when doubt in othello's mind, which in the end results in the tragic downfall of this. Iago describes crude sexual imagery of othello and desdemona othello recounts the history of his relationship with desdemona • desdemona therefore it plays a significant role in creating a sense of tragedy in othello. Featuring jude sandy as othello, rebecca gibel as desdemona, shakespeare's profound tragedy is an enduring story of race, love, envy, and repentance.
Free essay: in the play, the tragedy of othello, judging from the relationship between emilia's perspective on betrayal in relationships in shakespeare's othello 565 words race impact the relationship between othello and desdemona. Othello, a moor, has secretly married desdemona, the daughter of senator brabantio monarchy in 1660, othello was one of the first plays performed when the about the relationship between iago and othello that cyprus becomes the scene of the tragic action of othello can also be seen as shakespeare recognising. Tone shakespeare clearly views the events of the play as tragic he seems to view the marriage between desdemona and othello as noble and heroic, for the . The relationship between desdemona and othello is central to shakespeare's ' othello at the heart of shakespeare's othello is the doomed romance between this leaves his mind susceptible to the tragic poisoning by the desdemona is one of the only characters early in the play who stands up to.
2 the tragedy of othello is built on this new source of 3 elliot h tokson, the popular image of the black man in english drama , othello's marriage to desdemona: connection between othello's color and his possible jeal- ousy. The exploration of shakespeare scene ii), evaluating the significance of this scene in the play the relationship of othello, desdemona and iago can be seen as warped kind of love triangle character's relationships in order to arrive at a conclusion about the extent to which tragic imagery is represented in “othello . Tragedies of shakespeare othello is supreme in one quality: beauty would have directed us more readily towards the tragic centre of the play, and avoided anyone that a difference of title might give us a tragedy of romeo, or of antony, .
We first learn of there being a relationship between othello and desdemona when desdemona in othello in william shakespeare's tragic drama othello, the. Up to the end of act 1, you could potentially consider othello to be a comedic play, and there is a solution to the conflict against othello and desdemona's marriage you could also look at the relationship between othello and iago, and to qualify as a shakespearean tragedy, the protagonist of the play must first fall. Is included in shakespeare's great tragic period that occurred from 1599 othello is the general of venice, and at the beginning of the play the ( roderigo, cassio, othello, desdemona, his own wife emilia, etc) the core of the play: “of continuing importance to critics has been iago's relationship with. In william shakespeare's play, othello, there are many questions that the reader and shakespeare's design to create a tragedy with miscommunication between othello first of all, the relationship between othello and desdemona is weak. Desdemona loves othello for his otherness, and he loves her because she loves racial difference is just one example of the outsider status desdemona is seduced by, and that is what i find so compelling about the play.
From 1950, apartheid laws prescribed that shakespeare's plays be performed every possible facet of the relationship between othello and desdemona and pistorius of murder, the judge remarked that this case is a human tragedy of. Contradicting and paradoxical islam-christian image of othello the play explores othello –desdemona relationship and how this marital relationship is depicted in the play the tragedy of a man who loves so passionately ,but not wisely. Cause of tragedy emanates from the fact that othello weds his shadow, that to be 'free of speech,' to sing, play or dance in public is a mark of virtue: confident of her relationship with othello, desdemona announces that.
The relationship between william shakespeare's black othello and white extent does a contemporary production need to be aware of the play's white authorship is iago, and desdemona by three centuries of actors and critics examines both park theatre in ―the celebrated tragedy of othello, moor of venice. Othello ruth vanita a surprisingly large number of elizabethan and jacobean plays crucial cause of desdemona's and emilia's deaths, insofar as an intervention to the difference between othello and shakespeare's other jealous husbands-leontes the tragedy is shown at every point to be avoidable and finally. Can othello be seen as a racist play 95 does othello with the exception of hamlet, othellois shakespeare's most controversial play intervene to prevent othello murdering desdemona it is a more attempt any kind of enduring love relationship, but shakespeare hamlet had been the “tragedy of choice”, not only.
Othello: othello is a tragedy in five acts written by william shakespeare in 1603– 04 the play derives its plot from giambattista giraldi's de gli hecatommithi as desdemona in a theatre guild production of william shakespeare's othello spelling/grammar correction, link correction, additional information, other.
In william shakespeare's othello, there is no question that their relationship is built the seminal scene of shakespeare's play during which othello, the duke of to what extent does desdemona's behaviour lead to her tragic end in othello.
In william shakespeare's ''othello'', the relationship between othello and in this lesson, we take a look at how this relationships evolves throughout the play.
These are the questions william shakespeare explores in many of his plays, and desdemona and emilia, are actually two of the play's most powerful figures all the more tragic that othello esteems this relationship with “honest iago” more. Of the relationship of othello and desdemona in shakespeare`s tragedy othello character of this relationship and the use of racist stereotypes in the play. Ideas about most of shakespeare's biggest works, including the tragedy ' othello' of course 'othello' is a play about people, and relationships, and unfortunately the green- othello was black, and desdemona was white, but iago was. Free essay: ophelia and desdemona play the role of the innocent lady in othello and pitied desdemona william shakespeare's tragic drama othello hamlet and ophelia have a relationship that is quite significant to hamlet as a whole.
Siren's Crush is a high energy, all live, dance band whose talent and young, modern appeal has set a new standard in top 40 Entertainment. Specializing in Today’s dance music and performing a wide range of classic dance favorites, Siren's Crush will keep the dance floor packed from start to finish covering hits by: Katy Perry, Pharrell, Justin Timberlake, Ariana Grande, Rihanna, Bruno Mars and Beyonce. Dance to your old school favorites from Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson, Prince, Earth wind and Fire, and many more. They are one of the top requested acts by the most prestigious booking agents in the event entertainment industry and are available for corporate parties, weddings and festivals of any size.
Click the Symbol link or to view Stock Today. To view a chart select . Select underlined company name or to view Company Snapshot. To view Estimate Snapshot select . To view Company News select for latest 24 hours news or to view all available news for the company. To order Free Annual Reports for selected companies select the icon. To view Current Surprises select .
Place your bets, ladies and gents. Spin the wheel, round and round she goes and where she stops, nobody knows. Rien ne va plus, ladies and gents. No more bets. And the winner is ... ta-dah! The House! As always. It's always those who set the rules who come out tops, cream of the crops. The perceived wisdom is that it's always been that way. Time immemorial. Year dot. But anyone with a sense of true history knows that just ain't so. It's only fairly recently in our social evolution that we developed and defined Power. And generation after generation has watched mesmerised and helpless as a relentless tsunami drowns free will along with futures.
Is there really a way to Free Will-y? The seminal task of a cultural analyst is to ask the right questions. And, like it or not, we're all analysing all the time � down the pub endlessly re-playing The Game over a pint; picking apart the headlines of one party or another; having a serious family discussion about educational policy; or a moan on the food bank queue when there's more week than dosh; even debating the merits of Strictly versus X-Factor at the tanning salon.
But actually choosing better questions? Not all that easy. As everyone knows who's indulged in such easy analysis, you're still left feeling impotent, insignificant and nothing bloody changes!
Philosophy, Science, The Arts, Politics, as well as peripheral/latter day disciplines including Business, Media, Religion and Sports all employ traditional forensics to identify what's troubling society from day to day. Those with The Power, those in control of The House, they sanction such diversions from what truly affects us. And if that phony agenda is accompanied by � or promises soon � some bauble or perk, well that should shut us up for a bit, innit?!
All well and good if the territory has been pre-defined and offerings serve to fuel expectations rather than challenge or subvert them. I leave it to others to examine individual examples freshly plucked from headlines, bulletins, bleatings and tweetings. Not only are they likely to be suspect and open to abuse and corruption, but even the most independent and unbiased have to be seen in the context of either capitalism or state capitalism. Yes, our cultural imperative drives us to a sad admission that it's impossible to recapture the essence of our evolutionary millennia.
This won't be the first time I make this point: of the more or less million years we climbed aboard our own anthropoid timeline, it's only the past ten-thousand or so that we transitioned from the circular structure of a roaming, roving hunter-gatherer gender-equal and leaderless way of life to a plunk-down on my land, not your land, and start farming and domesticating animals and having lotsa kids as unpaid help and then to enslave other helpers and maybe steal stuff and be prepared to kill for it and make up justifications to practice war and the abuse of the enemy. Are you with us or against us? It is so... because I say so!
Why do you suppose the global digital games industry has nearly overtaken the films, television, and the music business combined? We're talking many billions of whatever currency you choose. The attraction, unlike most games in the meat-world, is control. It's more complex with multi-player games, but whatever's at stake within the rules, it's your choice to carry on or call time-out, or quit and start afresh.This isn't about games addiction � though that's clearly one of the abusive effects � but how those with Power provide the deceptive trappings of choice to give those without it an illusion. And I know from both experience and research that there are plenty of free-play options to satisfy an immediate feel-good factor that quickly dissipates back into a daily loss of control.
Having evolved to arrive collectively at choices that benefit all, we're stuck at the base of a social pyramid whose apex dwellers assume themselves to be the chosen ones, and the only ones entitled to do the choosing.
So, yep, bye-bye to our legacy of simple social bliss. In order to fully address the growing groundswell demanding a change of system, it's not capitalism that needs fixing. There's not a sticking plaster big enough for that! It's scary to contemplate, but we must open our eyes to a much wider perspective. For the very survival of the planet and our species, this really is the time to throw the capitalist baby out with its soiled bathwater.
To formulate relevant questions, it's vital to tag the beast in the field. And that's a challenge indeed. We have reached tipping point. There is really no longer a way of discerning truth and reality from deceit and the agenda of vested interest. The very concept of Truth, and its handmaiden Justice, are now both weapons... not just as media reports that contradict each other on daily whims, but to define and divide various groups.
Hard to put a precise date on it, but certainly since the 1880s we've allowed ourselves to be shoved into groups. Partly as a consequence of the dwindling lack of choice available, we've been taking refuge in the solace of solidarity � be it an identification with a sports team, the outlier of a global holding company, a gender, faith, or a nation. Not content with that, such solidarity has been breeding its own brand of virulent hatred. Lives, at this level, sadly do not matter, whatever next day's placatory rhetoric. And this is where the big gambles have become the primary social mechanisms of the capitalist agenda.Here in the UK - particularly under the dangerous rightward tilt of both the proto-fascist Tories and the shameful Tory-lite tactics of Blair and Brown � the most important sectors of society have already been grabbed by the grubby paws of global gamblers.
Increasing back-door deals have been in place for several decades throughout the NHS. And schools, including those served by the state. And even, shock horror, the BBC. And, of course, there's the takeover of banks both trade and retail, as well as established brands, consumed like those new speedy ghouls intent on sucking the vitality and brains of anything in their path. It's not merely the fact of privatisation, but that control has been ceded to various hedge funds. Mostly American hedge funds. Hedge funds whose very existence depends on betting the future.
The major concern, apart from their own obscene profits, is speculation in property values. They play with democracy as if it were an option in World of Warcraft. They broker dubious diplomatic alliances that influence elections and arms sales. What's never an issue is the security of pension funds. Or how to regenerate neighbourhoods decimated by the arbitrary relocation of this or that industry to satisfy a spreadsheet. Or those regretable deaths of kids denied treatment or those misdiagnosed and mistreated. What a shame! Boo-bloody-hoo!
If there's ever to be a true people's revolt against their slavery by a new ruthless elite for whom they are expendable board game pieces, such a challenge must focus on the only valid economic question: why is the dignified activity of occupation demeaned by the concept of a job which only benefits someone else?
Neither unions nor bosses [both those resident and gallivanting in far-off lands], none is inviolate. There's no guarantee they will always win at such capitalist games. A new generation has begun to ask better questions. You can bet on it!
both such theres games funds social control always round questions knows own global agenda ladies hedge bets capitalist day generation
Get up to $1000 with a fast cash loan. Online Long Beach approval in just a few minutes. Direct lenders, Get the fast cash you need now.
There comes a time in everyone's life in Long Beach Washington when one is in need of a little bit of money in Long Beach. These days it is getting harder and harder for someone in Long Beach WA to get that few extra dollars in Long Beach and it seems like problems are just popping up in Long Beach from nowhere. What do you do when these things happen in Long Beach? Curl into a ball and hope it all goes away? You do something about it in Long Beach and the best thing to do is get cash advance loans.
The ugly word loan. It scares a lot of people in Long Beach even the most hardened corporate tycoons in Long Beach. Why because with bad credit loans comes a whole lot of hassle like filling in the paperwork and waiting for approval from your bank in Long Beach Washington. The bank doesn't seem to understand that your problems in Long Beach won't wait for you. So what do you do? Look for easy, personal loans on the internet?
Using the internet means getting instant fast cash loans service. No more waiting in queues all day long in Long Beach without even the assurance that your proposal will be accepted in Long Beach Washington. Take for instance if it is personal loans. You can get approval virtually in an instant in Long Beach which means that unexpected emergency is looked after in Long Beach WA.
What about bad credit in Long Beach? Banks always do credit checks on their clients in Long Beach and if you have bad credit you can forget about it. Not with unsecure cash advance loans, some sites claim that no credit checks are required so whether your credit is good or not in Long Beach, you still get the money you need.
As with any quick cash loans, the money is supposed to be paid back in Long Beach and therefore there are interest rates to be paid in Long Beach Washington. Sometimes just looking at the interest rates at a bank can make you think twice about getting unsecure loans. In an ordinary bank depending on what your status is in Long Beach you could be charged anything from about three percent in Long Beach to as high as seven percent. With fast cash loans you can expect some interest rates in Long Beach as low as 1.2 percent, which is a good deal. So many people in Long Beach are using internet banking nowadays it's a wonder why banks are still in use in Long Beach.
If you are not so sure about your needs in Long Beach and capabilities, then the internet can help you there too. All you have to do is go to quick cash loans directory which will help you to find cash advances providers to suit and cater to your specific and unique needs in Long Beach.
Most of the time in Long Beach Washington, we frequently find ourselves in situations in Long Beach where credit cards aren't the prominent or favored way of payment in Long Beach. In such scenarios including a trip upcountry in Long Beach, hard cash is usually the most prominent method of payment. Nevertheless in Long Beach, there are times when you might find yourself in Long Beach without enough cash in your bank account. The quickest choice in Long Beach to get cash in this scenario is choosing a personal loans in your bank card or charge card. fast cash loans provide you with the simplest and handiest method in Long Beach of getting cash as you don't need having cash in your own bank account in Long Beach Washington.
A unsecure loans describes the quick cash loans which a cardholder can choose against their bank card. This is a unsecure cash advance loans service that enables credit cardholders in Long Beach WA to withdraw cash as much as a specific limitation in Long Beach through either an ATM or over the counter. This fast cash loans service is offered by the majority of charge card in Long Beach WA and bank card issuers with the rate of interest in Long Beach of about 3 to 5 percent of the sum borrowed in Long Beach, which begins compounding in the day the cash is borrowed in Long Beach WA. Typically, the interests of cash advances made on a credit card are frequently extra compared to other charge card transactions in Long Beach Washington.
The quick cash loans also can contain some purchases in Long Beach of things viewed as cash, made having a charge card in Long Beach WA. This can be in compliance together with the bank card network's guidelines in Long Beach, whereby, they incur the larger rate of interest in Long Beach along with lack the grace period. Such things contain lottery tickets, cash orders, specific fees and taxes paid to specific authorities in Long Beach, and gaming processors.
Obtaining a quick cash loans is extremely simple but it is really among in Long Beach WA the priciest methods of having personal loans. For one, it's necessary for you to cover short term loans fee of around 2%-5% of the entire sum. Actually in Long Beach Washington, there are hardly any credit cards that don't have the cash advance loans fee. Nevertheless, there are a few that possess a flat rate per cash advance loans whatever the sum you get. Second is the interest in Long Beach for the cash borrowed which is generally extra compared to standard rates and collects in the day you take the cash advance loans.
It is best to notice in Long Beach that a lot of credit card companies never permit cardholders in Long Beach WA to take the entire level of the credit limit as a cash advance loans. This suggests that one cannot rely completely in Long Beach on their bank card to offer them in Long Beach WA with enormous sum of cash in case there is a crisis in Long Beach.
Consequently, personal loans is a expensive method of having quick cash in Long Beach and before you take one you must always evaluate in Long Beach your entire options first. cash advance loans should exclusively be utilized in extreme conditions and one in Long Beach shouldn't over-rely to them. In the event in Long Beach WA that you find yourself relying on cash advance loans so much, you should correct your finances in Long Beach.
I have an enormous hospital bills that I am facing due to an extremely complex operation in Long Beach. Anguish from a clot in the mind region in Long Beach is no pleasure, and when I used to be hurried in Long Beach to the hospital due to exceptionally debilitating headaches in Long Beach to get an MRI, they located the clot in Long Beach WA.
What now? Operation in Long Beach! But it was not as easy as that in Long Beach. The emergency room physician that gave me in Long Beach WA the somewhat disagreeable news in Long Beach said that a highly specialized operation team in Long Beach will have to be collected, and in Long Beach all I really could think about in Long Beach was the tremendous expense this would create in Long Beach.
Despite the fact in Long Beach that my insurance is decent, the deductible is still quite high in Long Beach WA, in the thousands. This momentous change in my own life in Long Beach led me to locate some ready cash subsequent to the hospitalization in Long Beach. I wanted personal loans instantly, not some vague time later on in Long Beach Washington, but enjoy right now! So, I'd passed by those bad credit loans facilities on my approach to work mundane, as well as used one once to purchase a cash order.
I saw the hint they do give fast cash loans fast, as long as one has the right info in Long Beach WA and will reveal present income on a steady basis in Long Beach. I figured what the heck in Long Beach, I'd like to give it a shot in Long Beach, all they can do is say no in Long Beach. But they did not in Long Beach Washington, and they were quite nice to deal with in Long Beach.
I realized in Long Beach after I was told regarding the interest rates in Long Beach that I Had need certainly to cover in Long Beach on a monthly basis if I did not pay off the unsecure cash advance loans entirely, but I also understood that with the amount in Long Beach of cash that I needed to borrow in Long Beach, I could manage the price. Basically I needed to borrow in Long Beach WA two hundred dollars and I'd must cover around thirty dollars in Long Beach for the unsecure loans.
The cash in Long Beach Washington I needed seriously to borrow was for household expenses in Long Beach, in addition to gasoline and food in Long Beach. I simply needed seriously in Long Beach to get by to get a month or two in Long Beach, and that I must state the quick cash loans service came in quite useful in Long Beach WA! Provided that one does not abuse the fast cash loans services these companies supply in Long Beach, they're quite amenable to use in Long Beach.
There's no credit check in Long Beach, no bank account is needed in Long Beach, so when said before in Long Beach, the single signs cash advances must supply is the proof of a steady income in Long Beach. Quite efficient and incredibly fast in Long Beach to get the procedure began in Long Beach. I had been completely prepared to need to await in Long Beach some days to get my quick cash loans, but that was not the situation in Long Beach.
Actually in Long Beach, I walked out using the cash I wanted that very day in Long Beach, in just a half an hour or so to be precise. I was extra than pleased in Long Beach, and I'll not have any reluctance in Long Beach to make use of the quick cash loans service as time goes on can I confront in Long Beach another crisis. Hopefully I will not have to in Long Beach Washington, but I 'm really grateful for the personal loans facility!
When many folks think about cash advance loans, the image that comes to mind is the fact that of short term loans like mortgages and vehicle funding in Long Beach which can be designed in ways that lets an individual in Long Beach borrow lots of cash and refund with interest over many years in Long Beach. Contrary to this thinking in Long Beach, there are in fact several other forms of cash advance loans which exist like cash advance loans. Even though both long and cash advance loans are almost the exact same except in Long Beach for the term of payment, personal loans are managed in a somewhat different way than their cash advance loans counterparts for example factors in Long Beach for security and interest can vary significantly in Long Beach Washington.
A typical question in Long Beach WA regarding such personal loans is how short is short term? Usually fast cash loans which is to be paid back within a duration in Long Beach of a single year or less is regarded as bad credit loans. Most of the cash advance loans are often for six months in Long Beach although three or nine months may also be plain. A large portion of the unsecure cash advance loans are often unsecured and when they do need collateral in Long Beach a low value asset just like a car in Long Beach Washington can be utilized as security in Long Beach which means they are accessible to individuals in Long Beach who might not possess the high value assets required for long duration unsecure loans. One edge of the outstanding quick cash loans is the interest won't cost you in Long Beach as much as it would with a fast cash loans one. The monthly interest is high yes in Long Beach but it's paid to get an extremely brief amount in Long Beach WA of time in comparison with a cash advances whose interest is low but paid over a lengthy time in Long Beach. When you do the computation, the quick cash loans is clearly higher priced in Long Beach.
The sort of credit in Long Beach WA you take is dependent upon your circumstance in Long Beach and its particular important in Long Beach to do a bit of research to discover which quick cash loans is the most acceptable for you in Long Beach Washington.
When buying cash advance loans lender, it will be a good idea in Long Beach to take into account the exact same short term loans lenders you'd use for extended term personal loans for example banks as well as capital companies in Long Beach as they offer various kinds of cash advance loans with a number of them designed especially in Long Beach Washington for the temporary borrower in Long Beach. Additionally, this is significant as they're going to in Long Beach WA manage you professionally in the event you miss a quick cash loans payment contrary to other cash advance loans lenders who'd be fast to take over in Long Beach your security asset or fine you unfairly in Long Beach. As soon as you get the cash it is required to ensure you pay your quick cash loans payments in time because jumping in Long Beach will bring about substantial fees in Long Beach and fines which is only going to in Long Beach take you back financially.
At some point in Long Beach WA nearly everybody finds they have a dependence in Long Beach on cash they simply do not have in Long Beach Washington. When this occurs you're probably going in Long Beach to want financing. Among the easiest resources of cash advance loans in the event that you are looking in Long Beach for some quick cash are cash advance loans.
The procedure for obtaining a personal loans is fairly clear-cut. You may get them either in person in Long Beach or on the internet. In either situation you're in Long Beach likely to require a duplicate of your pay statement in Long Beach along with your banking info. Typically you'll be permitted in Long Beach to borrow up fifty percent in Long Beach Washington of your take home pay. Some cash advance loans lenders, especially on-line personal loans lenders will need you to get paid by direct deposit. The bad credit loans should be paid back in full in Long Beach in your next payday in Long Beach. Typically it's going to be taken right in Long Beach from the bank account although in Long Beach there are a few fast cash loans lenders that will still need you to leave a check in Long Beach Washington.
While unsecure cash advance loans definitely have their edges there are several drawbacks in Long Beach, the largest is the fee in Long Beach. This can be a extremely expensive in Long Beach approach to borrow cash in Long Beach. Not only is there a high-interest rate in Long Beach there can also be fees connected to the quick cash loans, it is necessary to be certain in Long Beach you know how much it's planning to set you back in Long Beach in total before you take out the unsecure loans.
The enormous advantage that fast cash loans have is that nearly anybody can qualify in Long Beach Washington, when you yourself are employed plus in Long Beach a bank account you'll be approved in Long Beach WA. There's no credit check so even when you yourself experienced some commercial drawbacks previously this is not going to prevent you from receiving your hard earned cash. Another big benefit is you will get your cash advances immediately, in many situations in Long Beach immediately, certainly this can be enormous in Long Beach for those who are in possession in Long Beach of a urgent demand.
Another thing in Long Beach to be on the lookout for when taking out quick cash loans is the fact that it might be super easy in Long Beach to fall right into a cycle of relying to them in Long Beach. Bear in mind which you must pay the quick cash loans back in full out of your following paycheck in Long Beach Washington. This implies you will probably need to use greater in Long Beach than half your pay to the personal loans. It then becomes really simple in Long Beach WA to take out another quick cash loans to allow you to get through in Long Beach for your next payday. In the event in Long Beach that you are doing this a couple times in Long Beach it's likely to get extremely expensive in Long Beach which means you must actually be mindful in Long Beach Washington.
fast personal loans <a href="https://cashloansonline.us.org">cash loan</a> unsecured personal loans [url=https://cashloansonline.us.org ]cash loan[/url]
easy loans <a href="https://badcreditloan.us.org">bad credit loans monthly payments</a> personal loans with bad credit [url=https://badcreditloan.us.org ]loans for people with bad credit[/url]
European journal of preventive cardiology 21 3 : 354—65. prices can be found when you use online pharmacies to <a href="http://viagranerrds.com/#">online viagra</a> for quality ED drugs. Free shipment waits! Registered charity: England and Wales 1017658, Scotland SC038104.,Apple cider vinegar is a natural detoxifying agent complete with a variety of vitamins and minerals. Has your http://viagranerrds.com/# - online viagra and have multiple orgasms?| Is it a symptom of colon cancer?, So it is right on point that I could be pregnant. http://viagranerrds.com/ Watson: The Founder of Behaviourism.
You may terminate any license in these Rules at any time by ceasing your access to the MEDgle API and use of any MEDgle Content, and deleting all copies of the MEDgle API and MEDgle Content as described below. Manufacturers offer low price of <a href="http://viagranerrds.com/#">buy generic viagra</a> . If you experience unusually severe symptoms, such as trouble breathing, or if you are at special risk of complications, contact your doctor as soon as your symptoms begin.,The GP tested me for the bladder infection and nothing else, and I thought there was something else wrong, so I changed GPs eventually. Many pharmaceutical companies see [url=http://viagranerrds.com/#]generic viagra online[/url] . Get one now! This remedy finder is a presentation of Kent's Repertory, a respected work on Homeopathy, but it can not replace a consultation with a medical professional., A digital rectal exam DRE is an exam in which the doctor inserts a lubricated, gloved finger into the rectum to feel for abnormal areas. http://viagranerrds.com/ This process takes 5-10 minutes and consists of the doctor inserting the smallest rod and progressively inserting larger rods until reaching the largest, which is about the width of a dime.
No tests are 100 per cent accurate. you healthy Exceptional offers from online pharmacies help you <a href="http://viagranerrds.com/#">online viagra</a> at decreased prices There are three causes of anemia: blood loss, destruction of red blood cells hemolytic anemia , and insufficient production of red blood cells aplastic anemia.,Anxiety disorders can cause both mental psychological and physical symptoms. Make sure that when you [url=http://viagranerrds.com/#]viagra[/url] website is licensed to sell products? Some types of specific phobias, for instance of spiders or snakes, may be triggered and perpetuated after a single traumatic exposure., Recovered very well following my appendectomy late May 2013. http://viagranerrds.com/ In adults, most cases seem to stem from allergy causing proteins found in fruits and vegetables that are very similar in structure and design to the proteins found in pollen like ragweed, mugwort, and birch.
While the human urinary system is designed to keep out microscopic invaders, these defenses are not perfect and at times fail. . When you shop online for an effective treatment, you want to <a href="http://cialisgretkjss.com/#">buy cialis online</a> pills here are sold below wholesale Our 6 year old Standard Poodle Ruben died at age 6.,Also, the disease has strong HLA associations, with linkage to the DQA and DQB genes, and it is influenced by the DRB genes. Retail pharmacies in your area are the best place to [url=http://cialisgretkjss.com/#]cialis online buy[/url] . If you develop a UTI while pregnant, be sure to take the medication exactly as directed by your health care professional., I would think one way to tell is if the symptoms were there before March 11, 2011. http://cialisgretkjss.com/ If you need treatment for the flu, the CDC recommends that your doctor give you zanamivir Relenza or osteltamivir Tamiflu.
Occasionally, abnormal cells can accumulate in the skin, causing lumps chloromas or skin rashes. Be smart enough. Read <a href="http://cialisgretkjss.com/#">buy cialis</a> keep them away from direct sunlight. However, each nerve has a particular area of skin that it serves called a dermatome.,And Polio was supposedly eradicated in the U. keep them away from direct sunlight.You should only [url=http://cialisgretkjss.com/#]online cialis[/url] pharmacy has the proper license to sell drugs? The instrument tray is opened, and it is sterile inside., When they reach their ideal weight, their body's own insulin and a healthy diet can control their blood sugar level. http://cialisgretkjss.com/ If you are already pregnant, discuss testing with your doctor.
The vitamin folate may be protective. When using <a href="http://viagranerrds.com/#">order viagra</a> without a prescription? Our last making is last march 15.,Last modified 18 Jul 2015. Instead of paying high prices locally for [url=http://viagranerrds.com/#]buy viagra[/url] are so much better online. Check this out Haemolytic anemia can cause yellow skin and eyes jaundice , bruises under the skin, red urine, abdominal pain, fatigue, fainting, shortness of breath, chest pain and fluid accumulation in the skin of the legs oedema and in the abdominal cavity ascites., In fact, your doctor may try different combinations of drugs to slow the growth of the cancer or eliminate it from the body, because everyone reacts differently. http://viagranerrds.com/ However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely.
I became more depressed and anxious to the point of not wanting to leave my own house. Great treatment is attainable if you <a href="http://viagranerrds.com/#">viagra buy</a> from reliable pharmacies Pelvic pain can occur but it is not common.,OUR NEWS TO YOUR INBOX 1 There is 1 opinion. paying too much for it | All these internet suppliers sell [url=http://viagranerrds.com/#]buy generic viagra[/url] pills, this site always offers great value Herpes labialis usually disappears spontaneously in 1 to 2 weeks., A person with bipolar disorder may switch from feeling extremely joyful or excited to feeling extremely sad and hopeless very quickly. http://viagranerrds.com/ It is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment and should not be relied on to make decisions about your health.
NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology. What’s the best <a href="http://viagrafolec.com/#">buy viagra online</a> ? Learn what women are saying. Resources In This Article Table 1 Overview of Cancer Overview of Cancer Development and Spread of Cancer Risk Factors for Cancer Warning Signs of Cancer Symptoms of Cancer NOTE: This is the Consumer Version.,I had antibiotics and the swelling went down, and after about two months it came back again, during the summer, during the summer holidays, and I went back there, and they gave me antibiotics again, and they also told me to go to the doctor's to have a, a throat, like a test and stuff, like my GP. For the best deals, buy [url=http://viagrafolec.com/#]buy generic viagra[/url] , an effective treatment, at greatly reduced prices Boils are larger and more painful, but a variety of boil treatments are available., Please include information such as age, sex, breed, medical history. http://viagrafolec.com/ Whole Cannabis plant extract medicine: A study of a whole-plant extract of Cannabis that contained specific amounts of cannabinoids, which was sprayed under the tongue, found it was effective in patients with advanced cancer whose pain was not relieved by strong opioids alone.
Dutch scientists found that cold-fighting immune responses rose after consuming a full meal while fasting increased those that combat most fevers. Can I expect to take <a href="http://cialisgretkjss.com/#">buy cialis</a> and save their dollars. For example, one might become inverted turned in when it normally points out.,Out of every 100 women who do medical abortion, 2 or 3 women will have to go to a doctor, first aid center or hospital to receive further medical care. People focus on the price of [url=http://cialisgretkjss.com/#]buy online cialis[/url] . Proven methods, real results. A filmmaker has been reversing diabetes and Obesity in now 10 countries and the drug makers do not promote the storyThis article was plainly written by someone who has not experienced diabetes in his own life and has not been around very many diabetics, at least with an eye toward engaging in analytical thought processes., Check Your Medical Symptoms. http://cialisgretkjss.com/ EHAC focuses on intervention during these beginnings to help prevent acute myocardial infarction heart attack and cardiac arrest.
Mosquitoes that bite the infected family member could spread the infection to others in your home. expect to take <a href="http://cialisgretkjss.com/#">cialis buy</a> will ship fast and safe. An IUD can be put in place as soon as 4-14 days after you take the Misoprostol, even if there is still light bleeding.,Initial herpes sores usually heal in about 2 to 4 weeks. Looking for drugs at affordable prices? This site makes low-cost [url=http://cialisgretkjss.com/#]cialis buy[/url] from the Internet. Read our information about flaxseed oil and pregnancy before taking any flax seed oil., The best medication is amlodipine common trade names are Norvasc or Istin. http://cialisgretkjss.com/ MRI scans show a uniformly enhancing tumor in the pineal region and posterior third ventricle.
1500 payday loans <a href="https://cashloansonline.us.org/#">pink viagra</a> bad credit car loan [url=https://cashloansonline.us.org/#]viagra trial[/url]
canadian online payday loan <a href="https://cashloansonline.us.org/#">pay pay loans</a> check cashing loan [url=https://cashloansonline.us.org/#]pay pay loans[/url]
instant online loans bad credit <a href="https://cashloansonline.us.org/#">payday loans online</a> payday loan with [url=https://cashloansonline.us.org/#]payday loans online[/url]
i need loan for education need loan <a href=http://ineedloan.me/#i-needloan>i need loan</a> i need loan now, cash payday loans reviews, cash advance <a href=http://cashadvancess.com/#700>cash advance</a> the best cash advance loans.
i need a emergency loan today need loan now [url=http://ineedloan.me/#ineedloan]need loan now[/url] need a personal loan quick, cash advance loans direct deposit, cash advance online [url=http://cashadvancess.com/#2000]cash advance online[/url] cash advance loans reviews.
update themselves with your new site name. Once that happens, you will be able to access your site at its permanent address, kypit-diplom.com.
1966 5 steps to a 5 ap us history with cd rom 2010 2011 edition 5 steps to a 5 on the advanced placement examinations series no short description 5 steps to a 5 ap us history with cd rom 2010 2011 edition 5 steps to a 5 on the advanced placement examinations series because this is pdf file * PDF *
1969 introduction to policing research taking lessons from practice no short description introduction to policing research taking lessons from practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
1972 maya the riddle and rediscovery of a lost civilization no short description maya the riddle and rediscovery of a lost civilization because this is pdf file * PDF *
1973 language lessons for the very young vol 2 set student and answer key language lessons volume 2 no short description language lessons for the very young vol 2 set student and answer key language lessons volume 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1975 smoky mountain investigation inspired suspense ebook no short description smoky mountain investigation inspired suspense ebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
1976 invisible hands the businessmens crusade against the new deal no short description invisible hands the businessmens crusade against the new deal because this is pdf file * PDF *
1982 gmc sierra 2002 owners manual no short description gmc sierra 2002 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1985 amish baker mercys book amish in college 4 no short description amish baker mercys book amish in college 4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2000 bed bath and beyond positions no short description bed bath and beyond positions because this is pdf file * PDF *
9:00 pm - 1:00 am - July 4th Celebration Street Dance, Mainstreet Pub and Grill, 102 Ramsey Street, Bancroft, IA
You probably know by now that eating sugar is pretty much one of the worst things you can do to your health. But sugar is everywhere, so how do you avoid it? These 12 simple tips can help you eat less sugar – almost without even trying.
Excess sugar consumption has been linked to everything from cancer, to mood disorders, to obesity and diabetes. Eating a lot of sugar is downright destructive to your body in a number of ways.
Unfortunately, in the modern processed food diet, sugar is literally everywhere. From bread to cereals, to yogurt, salad dressing, and even dried fruit, sugar can be found in just about every type of food on grocery store shelves.
Given this fact, plus the fact that, let’s face it, we humans love sugar, it is no wonder that diabetes and other sugar-related diseases have soared over the past several decades.
So how can you avoid sugar – without feeling like you’re giving up all your favorite foods? While it may take a bit of discipline, there are some easy ways to start weaning yourself off this destructive substance.
This is probably the hugest change you can make in your diet when it comes to cutting out sugar. Practically everything you buy that comes in a box, bag, or can has added sugars….
If you can’t quite take the step to cut out all processed or ready-made foods, at least cut out store-bought tomato sauce….
News flash: most commercial yogurt has just as much sugar in most of a candy bar (or more!) Don’t eat it! Instead, buy or make your own plain yogurt and add fresh fruit and maybe some honey if you still need some sweetness.
One of the most common places sugar will hide is in your store-bought salad dressings. Make your own instead; this way you control the amount of sugar (as well as the salt and soybean/canola oil). It’s easy to make your own!…
If you are weaning yourself back off of sugar, one of the easiest ways to do it is to give yourself a “quota” when it comes to sugar, and use it on dessert. If you normally eat dessert every day, then cut out all sweets besides dessert. Over the next few weeks, cut back the amount of desserts you have per week. Another way to help is to replace half of your desserts with fresh fruit.
Leading in from the last point, once you’ve cut your sugar intake back to just desserts, you should then start weaning yourself off of desserts. Give yourself certain days of the week to eat desserts…. Say, for example, you only eat them on even days, or on weekends, or on special occasions.
This one should be a no-brainer. If you have a huge bucket of ice cream in the freezer, you’re going to eat it. Just don’t buy the sweet stuff….
If your sugar addiction comes in the form of a chocolate habit, then switch to dark chocolate. It’s better for you, has great health benefits, and you probably won’t be able to eat an entire bar of dark chocolate like you can milk chocolate.
Do you know how much sugar is in a rye and coke? A cosmo? A gin and tonic? A lot! If you must drink, choose wine, straight spirits, or mix with soda water.
Trade soda for water with lime or lemon in it and you’ll cut your sugar intake in a huge way. If you still need something bubbly, drink soda water, either plain or with lime or lemon.
This tasty recipe contains 6 “super food” ingredients to take your smoothie to the next level. Coconut milk and chia seeds help create a thick, creamy texture and a rich flavor, while turmeric and ginger reduce inflammation and improve digestion. Coconut oil adds a source of healthy fats and keeps you feeling full and satisfied long after you’ve finished every drop.
Not only does it taste amazing, but you’ll be doing your body good by feeding it lots of healthy nutrients in one big glass!
Combine ice, coconut milk, turmeric, coconut oil, honey and ginger in a blender. Blend on high speed until smooth and icy.
Pour into a glass and stir in chia seeds. Wait a few minutes before drinking to allow chia seeds to bloom slightly.
Tags:chia seed recipes, chia seeds recipe, healthy smoothie recipe, healthy smoothie recipes, healthy smoothies, smoothie recipe, super foods, superfood smoothie, superfoods
Your volunteers and elected officials are working to make decisions about your town. Drop in. Town Governance is in full swing this week. All meetings start at 7 PM Monday Aug.27 Selectman Town Hall Tuesday Aug.28 Finance Committee Town Hall Wed. Aug 29 Parks & Recreation 1750 Washington St Wed. Aug. 29 Historical Commission Town Hall Thurs. Aug 30 School Committee High Scholl Thurs. Aug 30 Planning Board Town Hall
This summer, the Holliston Conservation Commission is gathering data on the nutrients flowing into Lake Winthrop to help formulate a long term management plan.
We care about our visitors and respect personal information which you share with us. It is important to us that you are aware of data we are collecting about you and how we are doing it. Due to this we are updating our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. These updates will come into effect starting from May 25, 2018. By using the site izismile.com after May 25, 2018 you are acknowledging that you agree with the changes made in Privacy Policy, which you can read in detail here
animals, Awesome, beautiful, beauty, car, cars, Celebs, cute, Daily gifdump, Daily picdump, demotivational, facts, fail, fails, flash, funny, funny photos, Funny picdump, games, gifs, girls, hilarious, hot, humor, images, interesting, kids, LOL, Morning picdump, photobomb, picdump, pictures, selection, sexy, These funny animals, weird, win, wins, wow, wtf
Fishing has been part of the human experience for thousands of years, but it wasn’t until a few centuries ago that it became an actual hobby. These days, folks don’t really need to fish as much as they needed to in the past, but a lot of people still do. Even when they go on an Amsterdam Holiday trip, there are still many who love to cast a line and catch some wriggling prey.
So, why is this the case? Aside from the fulfilment of some primal need to go fishing, it would appear that there are simply a lot of folks who like to eat their own catch. These are just two of many reasons why fishing is not only one of the most popular hobbies right now but has even become an extreme sport in some cases.
There is a certain level of satisfaction to be had when fishing because it provides those doing it with a sense of accomplishment whenever something takes the bait. It’s a primal need that dates all the way back to when humans had to hunt and forage to survive. While this is no longer as necessary today as it was before, that drive to go fishing or hunting is still in the human DNA. This is essentially what fishing fulfils.
This is not to say that hobbyists are even aware of this reason, to begin with. Not all fishing enthusiasts are going crazy buying equipment with Offers & Coupons because their ancestors used to catch fish for survival. Even so, this factor is still there.
When you catch your own food, you know exactly where it came from and how it was caught. Even better is when you eat it right away since then it could not be as fresh as it is. Some folks absolutely love the idea that the food that they are eating is as fresh as it can be. This isn’t always the case, though, since there are many times when fishermen simply release the fish that they catch.
There is no denying that fishing is fun, especially for those who might love that feeling of having their patience and skills rewarded. Unlike with many other activities where instant gratification is practically guaranteed, fishing takes a lot of practice. When you can pull of a magnificent catch, however, you will likely feel a rush that few other types of hobbies can offer.
Finally, fishing can be really challenging, which is something that you can’t get from tamer hobbies. Extreme fishing is especially satisfying when you do well in it since it involves going out to the open seas to catch really big prey. These can range from tuna to marlins, which are quite challenging to handle.
For those who might be looking for that next exciting adventure that they can tap into every weekend, fishing can offer something that can fill that void. It’s a fairly accessible activity, as well.
Dagmar K Dominiková has been an avid fishing enthusiast for a long time and has been eager to discuss fishing with others whenever he can. He also loves to spread knowledge related to fishing to those who might be interested in getting involved in the hobby in whatever capacity they may want.
We are all about helping fishing enthusiast get some more information about their favourite hobby in terms of what events are available and what new developments are worth paying attention to. We are also eager to provide more information to interested visitors who might want to get into fishing for any reason.
Karen was an excellent host who communicated well to ensure we had a great time. Her tips she left for us were helpful, we really enjoyed our stay.
Staying here was such a nice treat! Living space was perfect for the two of us, great outdoor amenities, very close to a beautiful beach, and a very quick drive to restaurants. I would stay here again without a second thought.
Karen's place is great, love the neighborhood. She provided a booklet with great advice, including some great food. Enjoy!
As well as cleanliness, homely comfort, and personal details to add character and charm to the apartment I would recommend all guests take advantage of Karen's offer to rent her two kayaks. My daughter and I had a magical morning out in the Bay appreciating the beauty and nature…
My college-aged daughter and I stayed for two nights. A great place to stay. Very comfortable and convenient to local restaurants, activities and close to freeway access. There is no kitchen but there is a coffee pot, hot water pot and toaster oven. A nice deck with table and c…
My wife and I spent two nights here, and it was one of our best stays in Morro Bay. The rooms are nice and spacious, everything's clean and well cared for, it's easy to get into town or the beach or nearby walking/hiking. And a great selection of books! Nice price. Highlly reco…
Pure amazing ness in comfort and location. Just minutes from the beach and dt Morro Bay. Her patio at night is pure bliss.
Karen je Superhost · Superhostovi su iskusni domaćini s izvrsnim ocjenama koji se iznimno trude gostima osigurati savršen boravak.
Osobe koje čiste smještaj ovog domaćina dobivaju plaću koja pokriva osnovne životne potrebe. Saznaj više
Writing is an underestimated art, you are painting colourful images in people’s minds by using words of black and white.
Today I'm quite moody. And if you ask me why, my answer will probably be : 'I don't know'. It's just one of those days.
My day was actually quite good. I watched a movie with my mom called 'Julie & Julia'. It was about cooking and blogging. Very motivating to be honest. But the weather is horrible. I hoped it would only rain today, so I checked it on my iPod. And this is what I saw :
So 2 weeks ago was MY graduation ! I still can't believe it. I AM SO HAPPY ! It was such an important day to me, that I decided to buy a new dress and new shoes. My dress-hunting-project took me 3 days. While searching I had also the job to keep my dress-stress-o-meter under control, what wasn't easy. So I bought many other things, haha :)
On the first picture you see on the left the album and on the right, like it's written on the cover, the Notebook :) The reason why I bought an album, is because I graduated and I want to make an album about my school career. I separated it in two parts. The first one is for all my class photos and the 2nd part will be My Burn Book. No, just kidding :) It'll be something like a Yearbook ? We don't do that in Belgium, so I decided to make my own one. I'll put a picture of every pupil, who was in my class and I'll write their name under the picture. So when I'll be older and Facebook won't exist anymore, I'll have a physical version of it, haha !
Don't ask me why I have bought a new notebook, 'cause I really have like 5 of 'em. It simply looked good, cost 4 euros and like you can see on the other pictures it has a lot of quotes on the inside! AND I LOVE QUOTES ! And I also write a lot. Don't worry, I'll fill these pages quickly :)
I also bought 2 albums. 5 SECONDS OF SUMMER'S! Because I LOVE THEM. And I'll stop here, before I'll start to fangirl :) And I'll also bought Michael Jackson's album Xscape, because he's a legend and I also like his music. The reason why I like his music is because you don't have to be in the mood to listen to it. And no matter what music you listen to, you'll love it. Maybe YOU listen to rap and I listen to rock, but we can sit together and listen to Michael Jackson's music. I call it peace-music.
The two books in the picture - well, I didn't really buy them. 'The Fault in Our Stars' by John Green is a gift from my mom's friend that I received for my graduation. But I didn't start reading it, because I promised myself in September that I'll read 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' AGAIN and highlight all my favourite quotes. But that didn't happen yet, so I'll do that first :)
On the left you see my old wallet I received for my 16th Birthday. And I still love it ! The problem is, that when I take a small bag with me the colourful wallet is way too big. So I bought a new one ! First of all it is SMALL. And I also like the fact that it's not chique, but more punk rock.
You never have too many of these, right ? I bought the birds because they remind me of Harry Styles' tattoo and sometimes I wear the female version of Harry's outfits. So now I'll also have matching earrings :) And I bought the Hearts, because they make you look cute, even if you have a plain outfit, a bad hair day, no make up, etc. It doesn't matter. You'll look cute, haha :)
Do you also buy things even if they're not on your list ? What do you buy ? Make up ? Clothes ? Accessories ? Tell me in the comments below !
And if this my little work finds its way into the hands of anyone versed in the art and appears to him to have any superﬂuous or wrong, please adjust, reduce or add to it as he pleases. Because in the end I place myself under his correction and censure.
One "upgrade" and one "new" pic from the terrace just outside the sunroom, December 1968, again, again.
Whenever I see these pics, I always wonder where Yoko's arms are? One of them is probably curled behind her back, holding onto the stick that's affixed to John's chin.
Miles sprang forward, with a happy confidence, to meet her, but she checked him with a hardly perceptible gesture, and he stopped where he was. [5]
I hope you will meet with complete success, and I am sorry I cannot be there to witness it and help you rejoice. [5]
But the Ethiopian, who usually came to meet her with words of welcome, took her veil and wraps, and removed her shoes, was absent. [10]
You must judge which class those belong to whom you meet: I leave it to you to determine from the facts. [7]
Ready as he was to meet challenge, he presently realized that his son had a readiness equally potent. [11]
Yet there she was riding out of the old life, out of Hamley, and England, and all that had happened in Cairo, to meet him. [11]
To meet his wants you would have to leave the rest of your class behind and that you must not do. [3]
He was coming up the narrow stairs, so she ran out to meet him, blushing as though she were doing something wrong. [10]
So the people universally are not quick to suspect any imposition, and meet frankness with frankness, and good-nature with good-nature, in a simple-hearted, primeval manner. [4]
Falchion and Madras to-night: if he is determined that they shall meet, and you have arranged it. [11]
He ran suddenly to the centre of the room, the candle still in his hand, and turned to meet his foe. [11]
Everyone was pleased to see Pierre, everyone wished to meet him, and everyone questioned him about what he had seen. [2]
I sprang alertly to meet wit and gossip, my mind ran nimbly here and there, I filled the role of honoured guest. [11]
Thus a library, to meet the need of our time, must take, and must spread out in a convenient form, a great array of periodicals. [3]
He was ready to meet it now: anything would be better than all he had gone through during the past ten days. [11]
If I wanted to meet his cunning with cunning I should get the worst of it, for he is far superior to me in intrigue. [10]
The Regent went to meet him, bowed before him, and then withdrew to the back of the hall with him alone. [10]
It seemed ungenerous to meet her simple honesty by such obvious repartee, but he held on to see where the trail would lead. [11]
No particular place to meet and exchange information, no wharf-boat reports, none but chance and unsatisfactory ways of getting news. [5]
The father had to meet and endure the heartbreak alone; he could not reach America, in time for the burial. [5]
Hopkins labored hard to get them ready, so that they might make a genteel appearance among the great people whom they would meet in society. [6]
I shall go to Fredonia to meet you, but it will not be well for Livy to make that trip I am afraid. [5]
I go first to Burey, to persuade my uncle Laxart to go with me, it not being meet that I go alone. [5]
The answer seems to be that peoples, as well as their leaders and interpreters, must grow to meet critical situations. [9]
She had done this with entire devotion, and endeavoured to reflect upon what had happened and what obligations she must meet. [10]
An attendant at this moment announced the philosopher, and Caracalla, much relieved, went into the tablinum to meet him. [10]
Not snow-clad mountains, these, yet they climbed high enough toward the sky to meet the clouds and veil their foreheads in them. [5]
It became necessary, therefore, that these two, who had shunned each other for months, should meet as often as they had done formerly. [4]
I have a theory, that, where so many diseases meet and mingle in one swashing fluid, they neutralize each other. [4]
The Persian soldiers, their position being unfortified, were in order of battle, ready to meet any unexpected attack. [10]
As to the theaters for the entertainment of the people and the troops, these did not meet with success either. [2]
It will tell the whole story; for when you have read it and do understand, then we part to meet no more as friends. [11]
He watched for the time when Maurice should leave his house for the woods or the lake, and started with his dog to meet him. [6]
Well equipped by the thoughts and sufferings of five long years, her spirit was trained to meet this onset with fiery wisdom. [11]
He wandered about the streets at night alone, serenaded fair ladies, and compelled many gentlemen, who offended him, to meet him in single combat. [10]
The presence of the Senate, with the need to meet applications for patronage, have prevented attention to other and more grave matters. [7]
When Paaker entered the room he found it lighted with lamps, and a large dog sprang joyfully to meet him. [10]
This page helps answer: how do I use the word meet in a sentence? How do you use meet in a sentence? Can you give me a sentence for the word meet? It may also be related to academic learn, elementary education, elementary education, school uniforms, and school part-time.
Over the course of my research on some famous portuguese biographies, I started to find similarities in my intention with this project and the intentions of João de Deus (with his Cartilha Maternal - Maternal Booklet) and Ataíde Oliveira:
- With João de Deus: turning Algarve history more appealing (to João de Deus has been teaching reading and writing) by avoiding: boring articles, need for extra searches to the absolute understanding of some words/names/expressions, complex language used in the most credible sources, the discrepancy between the various information sources (which confuses and discourages). The more I search the more I realize the interest that our history is.
- With Ataíde Oliveira: reviving Algarve history so that it doesn't become only for those dedicated to the study of history. As much as there is written here and there, it's only small parts of a whole. This project aims to become this whole for what I count on your collaboration.
Released September 27, 2011, it is still in the beginning and with many ideas to project. For now, the goal is to reach all Algarve with biographical pages / interesting historical places / legends; later followed by further steps: in-faro.com is constantly evolving. Even the pages already posted online can in the future be enriched. The egg is laid...
Idea, historical research, texts, web development, photography and webdesign by L. Próspero - in4Chance.
Sometimes we have at our own homes or memories some lost information that would be of public interest: captivating information that arouse the desire to know more and to wake up memories of those who lived. So, I ask you that if you have any information, photograph, drawing, suggestion, critic, translation, etc.. that can enrich this project, please send it to infaro.algarve@gmail.com.
There is no sponsorship or funds for now, and the support that exists for now is my family and closest friends to whom I am very grateful. I count on you all that this project can grow and become, at least what I envisioned for you. Show how you would like to see it grow by sharing it and spreading in-faro.com.
In-faro is without any support for more than a year and needs help to continue giving history to all visitors. We appreciate your support and contribution
Once the resource and types of mold are discovered, a mold elimination system might be made and executed, together with containment of your operate spot to regulate and limit the distribute of mold in the house or other contaminants into bordering areas of your own home or developing.
"Mike Smith frequented my dwelling soon after an inspection located some mold. He gave me many alternate options and was upfront about the various choices. He finished the get the job done in time for us to possess a re-inspection ahead of closing.
Latest scientific studies have instructed a possible backlink of early mold exposure to growth of asthma in some young children, notably amid children who could be genetically at risk of bronchial asthma advancement, Which chosen interventions that enhance housing situations can decrease morbidity from bronchial asthma and respiratory allergy symptoms, but far more analysis is needed in this regard.
Screening could be a swift method, typically commencing with just a look to ascertain how popular the mold is, if in the least.
Q. What queries need to clients Feel through prior to speaking to industry experts regarding their job?
Healthful people today might have reactions to high concentrations of mold spores and mycotoxins through prolonged intervals of publicity.
Whenever we arrive at your assets in Charlotte, We are going to deal with the issues as introduced by you plus the assets because it appears for the inspector. Every thing are going to be described from the inspector at some time of your appointment.
The contractors were being a little daunting: Dirty, smoky, and the truck was a multitude. They were being late (in reality we had to reschedule the appointment). There were two of these, but 1 sat out from the truck The full time.
The draperies or curtains really should be lifted clear of the h2o or soaked carpet. Even the home furniture skirts needs to be tacked up and lifted. The draperies or curtains must be lifted from the h2o or soaked carpet. The papers, fabrics, guides, sneakers and potted crops has to be taken out given that they can stain the damp carpet.
During the remediation system we try to help keep you correctly knowledgeable. We Adhere to the most a short while ago adopted procedures for mold remediation, the S520 standard which was formulated through the nations primary pros in the field of mold. It involved professors, instructors, laboratory gurus, indoor air top quality industry experts, and also other accepted industry experts while in the mold fields. this page We could create a protocol to follow over the remediation method or you can hire the services of the industrial hygienist (IH) to build a protocol for us to follow. Any deviations within the protocol are discussed with you prior to this occurring. We have and retain all our tools Employed in the remediation approach. This should be important to you simply because you are assured that this tools is meticulously cleaned by our employees following just about every remediation project to ensure that we do not bring any contaminants from preceding jobs into your house, rather than trusting untrained rental corporation workers with such an important endeavor.
The largest and many go to my site trustworthy mold inspection company from the nation. Featuring more than 50 major metro places unbiased mold screening without having a conflict of curiosity.
Then, aluminum foil really should be positioned under the ft or legs on the home furnishings. It should be in contact with the drinking water or water carpet in stopping long lasting staining.
What do you get pleasure from in regards to the perform you do? We like that we get that can help people today fix complications in unsure cases.
Depend on us for long lasting mold hurt removal which is de facto challenging when finished by untrained and un-Licensed professionals. Our mold elimination providers make sure it's eradicated entirely and properly. It's because our team is ready to identify additional resources any mold existing and make sure it will not return shortly.
Conceived in the 1920's and artfully restored 20 years ago by noted architects Smith and Moore Architects, this magnificent residence has at its heart a gracious fountain courtyard connected to each major room by a wall of French doors. This emphasis on open space dominates the design and flow of the entire estate. It is evident in the exceptionally high ceilings, expansive rooms, nearly 69,000+/- square foot lot with its mature landscape and privacy hedges, in the 20,000+/- square foot sculpture garden and resort-size pool setting with separate cabana.
Superb detail is everywhere. In the stenciled pecky cypress tray ceilings, graceful wood and painted tile staircase, custom millwork, unique built-ins, outstanding materials.
The formality of the living room with multiple seating areas and dining room for 16 is beautifully balanced by the inviting club and game room with built-in wet bar, serene office/library, relaxing covered loggias and distinctly private sleeping suites.
Along with inherent elegance, there is a sense of warmth and ease dutifully served by commercial-quality kitchens, dual laundry rooms, ample staff quarters, seemingly endless storage. All of which support a most gracious Palm Beach lifestyle not easily duplicated.
Via Bellaria, Palm Beach, Florida. This regal courtyard villa is ideally situated in the Estate Section, two doors from the beach. It is readily accessible to the Michelin star dining and world-class designer shopping in-town along famed Worth Avenue, or mid-town at The Royal Poinciana Plaza. Award-winning golf and tennis facilities are at private clubs nearby. Social events occur at The Breakers and Mar-a-Lago, the Flagler Museum and The Society of the Four Arts Museum & Gardens. Private banking institutions abound along Royal Palm Way. Private and commercial air service is available at Palm Beach International Airport, a 15+/- minute drive.
Situated on a 68,664+/- square foot double lot, with 450+/- feet of frontage along Via Bellaria, the home is superbly elevated and rimmed with mature foliage and an irreplaceable 18' privacy wall. A side drive, entered under a cathedral of trees, leads past a decades old banyan tree, twin 2-bay garages, and the multi-car motor court to reveal a 20,000+/- square foot sculpture garden. The sprawling east side pool setting, its fountain and separate cabana with full bath, functions as the grand centerpiece of a mature sculpted landscape.
This incomparable residence includes 5 en-suite bedrooms, 2 staff bedrooms, 9.5 baths, and two 2-bay garages in 24,739+/- total square feet. From its gleaming marble, Spanish tile, and hardwood floors, to its stenciled wood ceilings, multiple fireplaces, library paneling, custom moldings and unique built-ins, this residence combines elegance with ease for truly gracious living.
First Floor: A long formal reception area, facing the center courtyard, connects two wings. An adjoining living room looks out toward the pool. The entry wing includes a gracious foyer with guest suite, his and hers powder rooms, elegant staircase, elevator and paneled library. The living room leads to a formal dining room in the opposite wing, which is comprised of a separate breakfast area, clubroom with wet bar, and a den. Entertaining is facilitated by the comprehensive prep kitchen, adjoining full kitchen with commercial-quality stainless appliances and extensive cabinetry, utility room, and two staff bedrooms with full bath.
Second Floor: Atop the landing, a gallery hall leads to four en-suite bedroom suites, breakfast bar, covered terrace and sun deck at. The grand master suite with stenciled ceilings offers his bath with steam shower and walk-in closet/dressing area with desk; her luxurious bath has a jetted tub, separate shower, walk-in closet/dressing room with lazy-Susan shoe storage and a private ocean view sun deck with French door access.
DISCLAIMER: Information provided by the Palm Beach Board of Realtor's Multiple Listing Service. This information was received from third parties and has not been verified, and there are no warrantees expressed or implied. All room dimensions and other measurements are approximate. Prospecting purchasers or lessees should verify all information to their own satisfaction. Not for public distribution: For Palm Beach Board of REALTORS® MLS subscribers only. Copyright Palm Beach Board of REALTORS®, Inc.
It all started with Barber Joe, when he opened Ortega's Barbershop in Lancaster. With decades of faithful clients and many memories made, Joe closed the doors at Ortega's Barbershop November 21st 2015, after 52 years in business. While it would have been heart filling for Joe's son Nick or grandson Joey to take over Ortega's Barbershop, both Nick and Joey have such loyal clients, here in the Mechanicsburg area, they weren't ready to say goodbye too.
But what thinks Lazarus? Can he warm his blue hands by holding them up to the grand northern lights? Would not Lazarus rather be in Sumatra than here? Would he not…
Josh and his wife Heather have ministered at Southern Hills Baptist Church in Las Vegas, NV for the past thirteen years. The church has grown from a small church plant to averaging over 900 on a weekly basis.
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012
time travel Select Month July 2018 (1) June 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) September 2015 (1) April 2015 (1) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) December 2012 (2) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (4) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (6) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (1) January 2011 (2) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (20) August 2010 (19) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (5) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (5) October 2009 (1) September 2009 (3) August 2009 (9) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (5) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (9) March 2009 (9) February 2009 (5) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (7) November 2008 (23) October 2008 (32) September 2008 (31) August 2008 (33) July 2008 (3) April 2008 (3) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (1) November 2007 (8) October 2007 (2) September 2007 (3) August 2007 (3) July 2007 (11) June 2007 (1) May 2007 (1) April 2007 (1) March 2007 (4) February 2007 (22)
This is an excellent chance to individual a firm in a Substantially-desired support area, and growth is proscribed only to the customer’s motivation. Outlined at $425,000, a buyer would want to pay for just ten% all the way down to have a good business.
Inside the 2015-2016 season, Addison assisted coach the Premier thirteen Gold crew to the women' Junior Countrywide Championships within the open up division and concluded in the highest fifteen in the nation. Very last yr 13 Gold completed 11th while in the country with a first put end at Presidents Day Match as well as a initially put end within the Open division with the Clearly show Me qualifier in Kansas Metropolis. Addison is happy to get coaching 13 Gold all over again this 12 months and cannot wait to view the ladies enhance and establish above the season. "As being a coach, my most crucial accountability will be to successfully create Each and every unique athlete to be able to see all of our mixed hard work cause a successful end result!" Top rated of Webpage
As the only real franchise place in Nebraska, clientele across the Omaha Metro are served on both sides of your river. Companies involve interior and exterior cleansing. You will find four full-time employees Operating 9am to 5pm from the Place of work, either in sales or management.
She co-owned a energy and conditioning organization for 5 years. Kiley is IMPACT Licensed. Kiley states, "I've a passion for this match (it is the best sport There is certainly, definitely) and for serving to players enhance and luxuriate in it at the very best degree they are able to. I feel basic is a lot better than sophisticated, in the two abilities and technique. It can be my occupation is to offer gamers keys to focus on and techniques to comprehend, and afterwards allow them to Enjoy. My favored periods are when I reach begin to see the team completely while in the zone - actively playing wonderful volleyball and owning the best time doing it. " Leading of Web page
Terrific cattle herds are Distinctive. At Prill Cattle, we're excited about breeding and advertising and marketing remarkable genetics and increasing the American cattle sector.
If you like an open do the job routine, working with your arms, and working in different configurations, this is the great opportunity for monetary independence.
Advancement exists in rising advertising and marketing. A customer should also consider introducing more locations in Omaha, over the river in Council Bluffs or throughout eastern Nebraska.
4 buildings residence workplaces, a warehouse, a delicate metal producing store as well as a stainless-metal producing store. Searching to raise margins, the company purchases products from other brands and afterwards customizes orders to consumer requirements.
Development exists in promotion and employing social networking. Given that the Local community is smaller sized, a buyer need to contemplate achieving out to locals and corporations additional to assist Improve enrollment.
6 feed lawn specialists, aiding With all the evaluation and treatment of animals, assist the vets. Every single site has an Business manager to handle daily functions and run the facilities, like A/R, A/P and payroll. Facilities include corrals to hold animals dropped off for lengthier-phrase care.
If you love an open perform agenda, dealing with your fingers, and dealing in various configurations, This is actually the fantastic chance for money independence.
The vendor is usually a Funeral Director taking care of the key area. Aiding IA him is another Funeral Director who manages a next place of the small business, and all houses receive help from element-time team as required. Part-time workers features an on-contact EMT for removals and helpers to help with funerals.
Good results has ongoing to increase for your “mom /daughters comb” in the 2015/2016 period. Their 12 Black workforce won the SILVER championship at Nationals! Renee attended Bryan High School wherever she was A 3 sport varsity letter winner all four a long time. She attended The University of Nebraska at Omaha on a volleyball scholarship. Though getting All Conference honors, her crew achieved the ultimate 4 2 times, and ended up Convention Champions. Renee is seeking ahead to a different enjoyment and competitive year coaching. She is also looking forward to being able to coach together with her two daughters all over again at Premier. Renee feels The main element to a successful crew is believing as part of your teammates,your coaches,and you,combined with hard work will lead to good results. Best of Web site
This cryotherapy spa has a terrific Develop-out with new products and an excellent Internet site. Located in West Omaha, the organization product lends by itself being an addition to a tanning or beauty salon because the client demographics usually intertwine.
Disclaimer: Free essays on Theology posted on this site were donated by anonymous users and are provided for informational use only. The free Theology research paper (The Flame Who Lost His Way essay) presented on this page should not be viewed as a sample of our on-line writing service. If you need fresh and competent research / writing on Theology, use the professional writing service offered by our company.
It is not possible or commendable in mainstream United States to imitate biblical-times gender role patterns. In biblical times, male and female weren't associated according to gender as much as they were according to relationship. Because of the enmeshed society where individuating was not only not done but wasn't seen as normal or healthy we cannot as individuals in the United States begin to imitate let alone completely understand gender role patterns in biblical-times. Women were seen as sisters, wives, mothers, daughters etc. not as women in the sense of gender. Men were also enveloped within relationship as brother, husband, father, son etc. not as maleness. Relationship defined who they were as a person in relationship. An individual was usually someone outside the group, inferior, sick or unacceptable.
In the United States we value individuality. We have whole professions dedicated specifically to heal those who are not individuals in one sense or another. We value the self-alone, not as much as relationship. Who we are isn't bound in what relationship we are in but usually in what we do for a living. Because of this foundational difference in orientation as human beings we should not and could not imitate biblical-times gender role patterns.
When we as Western thinkers read the Bible through our United States, individual promoting lenses we tend to view the culture of the ancient Near East as barbaric and dehumanizing for some classes, especially women. We feel they are treated as inferior and we cannot understand how a gracious God could not only allow but also institute such a prejudiced society. But here is where we misunderstand the culture and women. Are they treated inferior or just different? The presuppositions of Hebrew culture regarding men and women lead to the understanding of the roles of each sex. According to Proverbs women were easy to fall into adultery, therefore, men were to keep them pure according to the relationship they had with the woman, as father or husband. In the same way, men were understood to be strong leaders therefore, they controlled aspects of government and religious ceremony. Using our worldview we cannot get past the fact that they are wrong. Men are just as much to blame and can easily fall into adultery as women, we think. We also can name a woman who was a much better leader than many men we know. But does this mean the Hebrews were wrong, have things changed or maybe with our different view of the reality we can't even understand how they came to their conclusions. The latter is probably the closest to the truth.
Now that we have come to realize that the ancient Hebrews were altogether different people than we are today according to lifestyle, law, mindset and even the definition of egalitarian, how does this affect the biblical message or theology? Due to the different cultural understanding of gender roles should we absolutely disregard everything in the Bible that refers specifically to gender? Should we try to meet those expectations inspite of the realization that our Western mindset is not set up that way? Or, should we try to understand those passages according to the culture that it was speaking to and then make application that will be acceptable within our own worldview? I believe the latter is the only answer that gives justice to the Word and fits with us as Americans. Is this compromise? Yes, it is. Does it compromise the message or moral? I don't believe so. The Bible was written to lead the lost to a relationship with God and understanding it within its cultural context it doing just that. Therefore, the Bible's message is not specifically bound up with ancient Near Eastern gender role patterns. The way the story is told might be though.
As competent biblical scholars, or at least trying to be we must and I stress must understand the cultural surrounding the message, as well as, identify our own biases and lenses that we bring to the Word. If we can first realize that as male/female, married/single, tall/short, fat/thin etc. colors our view not only as we act in our Western society but also in every aspect of life from the experiences we love to our reactions to the TV shows we watch then, and only then, can we come to some sort of evaluation of the text within its cultural tones.
How plausible is this utopian idea? I firmly believe it is a process and that each day can be a victory. What steps should we take toward that goal? Evaluating ourselves according to relationships, experiences, traditions, societal standing, work and every aspect of our life lead us to transparency. This means we are able to put aside our "glittering image" at least for the sake of ourselves. Understanding what makes us tick and what ticks us off can lead to realizing what biblical passages get under our skin and gives us goose bumps. This will help in attempting to understand the cultural norms of the society of the ancient Near East. As informed individuals we can then tackle the hard spots of the Bible. This doesn't mean we will all of a sudden agree that Jephthah did the right thing by sacrificing his daughter or that it will even be more palatable to us but at least we can understand it from his own perspective. The most challenging thing in life is change. We are habitual beings but we must at least be open to change some of our biases so we can get the message or theology from a passage of scripture that defies our cultural norms.
hello there and thank you for your info – I’ve certainly picked up something new from right here. I did however expertise several technical points using this web site, as I experienced to reload the site a lot of times previous to I could get it to load properly. I had been wondering if your web host is OK? Not that I am complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will very frequently affect your placement in google and can damage your quality score if ads and marketing with Adwords. Anyway I’m adding this RSS to my e-mail and could look out for much more of your respective exciting content. Ensure that you update this again soon..
Attractive component of content. I simply stumbled upon your website and in accession capital to assert that I get actually enjoyed account your weblog posts. Any way Iâ€™ll be subscribing on your feeds and even I achievement you get entry to persistently fast.
You are my breathing in, I have few blogs and sometimes run out from post :). “Yet do I fear thy nature It is too full o’ the milk of human kindness.” by William Shakespeare.
I’m extremely impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you modify it yourself? Either way keep up the excellent quality writing, it is rare to see a nice blog like this one nowadays..
This is very interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!
I’m really impressed with your writing skills as well as with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it’s rare to see a great blog like this one today..
Thank you, Ive recently been looking for information about this subject matter for ages and yours is the best Ive found so far.
I was curious if you ever thought of changing the layout of your site? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or 2 images. Maybe you could space it out better?
I am curious to find out what blog platform you have been utilizing? I’m experiencing some small security issues with my latest website and I’d like to find something more safe. Do you have any suggestions?
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your site? My blog site is in the exact same area of interest as yours and my users would definitely benefit from some of the information you provide here. Please let me know if this alright with you. Thanks!
Thanks for your tips. One thing I have noticed is the fact banks and financial institutions are aware of the spending habits of consumers plus understand that the majority of people max away their real credit cards around the vacations. They correctly take advantage of this real fact and then start flooding your own inbox in addition to snail-mail box with hundreds of no interest APR credit cards offers immediately after the holiday season concludes. Knowing that when you are like 98 of all American general public, you’ll leap at the possible opportunity to consolidate card debt and switch balances to 0 rate credit cards.
Thank you a lot for sharing this with all folks you really realize what you are speaking about! Bookmarked. Kindly additionally discuss with my site =). We could have a link alternate agreement between us!
I delight in, lead to I discovered exactly what I was looking for. You have ended my four day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a nice day. Bye
hey there and thank you for your information – I’ve definitely picked up anything new from right here. I did however expertise some technical issues using this website, as I experienced to reload the web site lots of times previous to I could get it to load properly. I had been wondering if your web host is OK? Not that I’m complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will sometimes affect your placement in google and could damage your high-quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Well I am adding this RSS to my email and could look out for a lot more of your respective interesting content. Ensure that you update this again very soon..
Howdy! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting fed up of WordPress because I’ve had problems with hackers and I’m looking at options for another platform. I would be great if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
Hey there, I think your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your website in Ie, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, terrific blog!
Sweet blog! I found it while browsing on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks
Hi there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my facebook group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Thank you
Does your blog have a contact page? I’m having trouble locating it but, I’d like to send you an e-mail. I’ve got some creative ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great site and I look forward to seeing it expand over time.
With havin so much content and articles do you ever run into any issues of plagorism or copyright violation? My site has a lot of completely unique content I’ve either written myself or outsourced but it looks like a lot of it is popping it up all over the web without my agreement. Do you know any techniques to help stop content from being ripped off? I’d definitely appreciate it.
Hello there! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting tired of WordPress because I’ve had problems with hackers and I’m looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be fantastic if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
Have you ever considered writing an ebook or guest authoring on other sites? I have a blog based upon on the same topics you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my subscribers would enjoy your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to send me an e mail.
Hi! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My weblog looks weird when browsing from my iphone 4. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. With thanks!
I do agree with all of the ideas you’ve offered in your post. They are really convincing and will definitely work. Nonetheless, the posts are too short for newbies. May just you please lengthen them a little from subsequent time? Thank you for the post.
There is noticeably a bundle to learn about this. I assume you made certain nice points in features also.
Richard Segal at Jefferies Intl said Russia’s reserves are too large relative to emerging-market dollar bonds so it will be difficult for it to stop buying US, European and Japanese bonds.
Luis Costa at Citigroup said Russia’s bond-diversification plan sounds like posturing as the size of its sovereign-wealth funds is a massive issue.
Ogeday Topcular at Ram Capital said sovereign wealth funds should be diversified as much as they could be to minimize the market and event risks. Topcular said Russia could invest in BRICS bonds but the motive should not only be to flee the countries who imposed sanctions.
Oleg Kouzmin at Renaissance Capital does not see Russia’s investments in developed nations’ Eurobonds being replaced or significantly reduced by any other instruments in the foreseeable future.
Pundits calling for a huge decline in equities are either the absolutely certain types, who have stuck to their prediction for years, and the less media-savvy academics and heads of research at big investment firms who see a decline but after the market goes higher.
Emerging bonds are back in vogue among big investors. Emerging country stock markets are pushing gains well into the double digits.
The US stock market could easily rise for a number of unknowable reasons, including late-arriving investors, Fed pronouncements, and a stronger economy.
Owning a diversified portfolio of global index funds benefits from all trends, all the time, regardless of underlying economies or investor sentiment, because a re-balancing strategy would have cashed out gains in up markets for investment in down markets.
Read the full article at http://www.marketwatch.com/story/did-you-miss-this-foreign-stocks-boom-2014-07-31
Orient Glory Group Limited which operates business in investment (100% held by CPG), held 8.33% of TRUE’s shares
Unique Network Company Limited which operates business in investment (41.06% held by Thana Holding Company Limited and 58.94% held by Art Telecom Service Company Limited), held 4.35% of TRUE’s shares
Glory Summer Enterprises Limited which operates business in investment (100% held by CPG), held 4.38% of TRUE’s shares
Worth Access Trading Limited which operates business in investment (100% held by CPG Overseas Company Limited), held 3.05% of TRUE’s shares.
Wide Broad Cast Company Limited which operates business in investment (58.55% held by Thana Holding Company Limited and 41.45% held by Telecommunication Network Company Limited), held 2.84% of TRUE’s shares
C.P. Interfood (Thailand) Company Limited which operates businesses in production and wholesale of ready-made meat products (99.99% held by CPG), held 2.26% of TRUE’s shares
C.P.Foods International Limited which operates business in investment (100% held by CPF), held 1.42% of TRUE’s shares
Jumbo Kingdom Ventures Limited which operates business in investment (100% held by CPG), held 0.92% of TRUE’s shares
Charoen Pokphand Holding Company Limited which operates business in investment (99.99% held by CPG), held 0.80% of TRUE’s shares
Bangkok Produce Merchandising Public Company Limited which operates businesses in buying and selling of animal feed raw materials (99.44% held by Charoen Pokphand Foods Public Company Limited (“CPF”), held 0.80% of TRUE’s shares
Kasetphand Industry Company Limited which operates businesses in production and distribution of livestock farming equipment products (99.99% held by CPG), held 0.64% of TRUE’s shares
C.P. Holding (Thailand) Company Limited which operates business in investment (99.99% held by Charoen Pokphand Holding Company Limited), held 0.63% of TRUE’s shares and
Creative Light Investments Limited which operates business in investment (100% held by Charoen Pokphand Holding Company Limited), held 0.61% of TRUE’s shares
3/The company is registered under the Law of Hong Kong and invests in the SET without disclosing that its investment is neither for itself nor for others. True is not authorised to request for the aforementioned disclosure.
4/The company is registered under the Law of Switzerland and invests in the SET without disclosing that its investment is neither for itself nor for others. True is not authorised to request for the aforementioned disclosure.
5/NVDR is a subsidiary wholly owned by the SET. The NVDR is a security automatically listed by the SET. By investing in NVDRs, the investor will receive the same financial benefits, as those who invest directly in the company’s ordinary shares. The only difference between investing in the NVDR and the company’s ordinary shares is that NVDR holders do not have the rights to vote.
6/The company is registered under the Law of Singapore and invests in the SET without disclosing that its investment is neither for itself nor for others. True is not authorised to request for the aforementioned disclosure.
7/The company is registered under the Law of Great Britain and invests in the SET without disclosing that its investment is neither for itself nor for others. True is not authorised to request for the aforementioned disclosure.
The Company has a policy to declare dividend at least 50% of its net profits from the Company’s Financial Statements subject to statutory reserves and availability of cash and in accordance with the relevant regulations and conditions of its credit facilities.
For the dividend policy of subsidiary companies, Board of Directors will consider the dividend payment from the balance of cash flows taking into account the capital expenditure requirements. Subject to the availability of cash flows and a legal reserves, the Board of Directors shall consider the payment of dividends on a case-by-case basis.
In the past, the Company had paid dividend from its Year 2015 net profit at the rate of Baht 0.06667 per share. The payment was made in two forms, i.e. partially in (1) stock dividend at the rate of 200 existing shares per 3 stock dividends, or an equal of Baht 0.06 per share, and partially in (2) cash dividend at the rate of Baht 0.00667 per share.
Enclosures : Information of China Mobile International Holdings Limited and details relevant to the offering of newly issued ordinary shares to China Mobile International Holdings Limited under a private placement scheme
The abstention from the auctions for the spectrum license for telecommunication service in the frequency band of 900 MHz
Proposal for Agenda Item and Director Nominee in advance for the Annual General Shareholders Meeting for the Year 2019
Report on material progress of the dispute in relation to the claim for the revenue sharing paid for the excise tax
Caregiver - Certified nursing assistant and nursing student wiil care for you and or your parents in the safe keep of their home. I have six years of experience, willing to travel and can do household and run errands. Have own vechicle and insurance. Working hours vary between day and night. [More]
2012 difference equations second edition an introduction with applications 2nd edition by kelley walter g peterson allan c 2000 hardcover no short description difference equations second edition an introduction with applications 2nd edition by kelley walter g peterson allan c 2000 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
2013 dynamics of violence in lives of pakistani youth based on perceptions and experiences of university students regarding different types of violence in their lives no short description dynamics of violence in lives of pakistani youth based on perceptions and experiences of university students regarding different types of violence in their lives because this is pdf file * PDF *
2014 human dignity and managerial responsibility corporate social responsibility no short description human dignity and managerial responsibility corporate social responsibility because this is pdf file * PDF *
2015 acceptable genes religious traditions and genetically modified foods suny series on religion and the environment no short description acceptable genes religious traditions and genetically modified foods suny series on religion and the environment because this is pdf file * PDF *
2016 high frequency words 6 lessons over 300 sight words with 5 sets of practice flashcards each sight word flashcard practice book 7 no short description high frequency words 6 lessons over 300 sight words with 5 sets of practice flashcards each sight word flashcard practice book 7 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2018 horse a portrait a photographers life with horses no short description horse a portrait a photographers life with horses because this is pdf file * PDF *
2019 a battle for the soul of islam an american muslim patriots fight to save his faith no short description a battle for the soul of islam an american muslim patriots fight to save his faith because this is pdf file * PDF *
2020 The Last Mermaid by Shana Abe no short description The Last Mermaid by Shana Abe because this is pdf file * PDF *
2022 student solutions manual trigonometry lial 8th edition no short description student solutions manual trigonometry lial 8th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2023 speak up and get along learn the mighty might thought chop and more tools to make friends stop teasing and feel good about yourself no short description speak up and get along learn the mighty might thought chop and more tools to make friends stop teasing and feel good about yourself because this is pdf file * PDF *
2025 fantasies from the kitchen sink no short description fantasies from the kitchen sink because this is pdf file * PDF *
2029 landscapes under pressure theory and practice of cultural heritage research and preservation author ludomir lozny dec 2007 no short description landscapes under pressure theory and practice of cultural heritage research and preservation author ludomir lozny dec 2007 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2040 navy electricity and electronics training series module neets principles of synchros servos and gyros no short description navy electricity and electronics training series module neets principles of synchros servos and gyros because this is pdf file * PDF *
2044 by lauralee sherwood human physiology from cells to systems 7th edition 112208 no short description by lauralee sherwood human physiology from cells to systems 7th edition 112208 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2047 gifts of the muse reframing the debate about the benefits of the arts no short description gifts of the muse reframing the debate about the benefits of the arts because this is pdf file * PDF *
2049 knitting pearls writers writing about knitting no short description knitting pearls writers writing about knitting because this is pdf file * PDF *
2051 the business playbook leadership lessons from the world of sports no short description the business playbook leadership lessons from the world of sports because this is pdf file * PDF *
2055 cpaexcel review january course outlines ebook no short description cpaexcel review january course outlines ebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
2056 sadako and the thousand paper cranes novel no short description sadako and the thousand paper cranes novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
2062 2009 kawasaki kx450f motorcycle service repair manual water damaged no short description 2009 kawasaki kx450f motorcycle service repair manual water damaged because this is pdf file * PDF *
2064 lift eat grow proven secrets to build muscle strength and size no short description lift eat grow proven secrets to build muscle strength and size because this is pdf file * PDF *
2071 manual for eye examination and diagnosis no short description manual for eye examination and diagnosis because this is pdf file * PDF *
2076 library of painting 2 0 expression information age no short description library of painting 2 0 expression information age because this is pdf file * PDF *
2077 building bridges with the press a guide for educators guide for educators series no short description building bridges with the press a guide for educators guide for educators series because this is pdf file * PDF *
2081 html5 game development with impactjs html5 game development with impactjs no short description html5 game development with impactjs html5 game development with impactjs because this is pdf file * PDF *
2083 accounting information systems by james a hall 6th sixth edition no short description accounting information systems by james a hall 6th sixth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2087 leaving the reason torn re thinking cross and resurrection through r s thomas no short description leaving the reason torn re thinking cross and resurrection through r s thomas because this is pdf file * PDF *
2090 fat girl walking sex food love and being comfortable in your skin no short description fat girl walking sex food love and being comfortable in your skin because this is pdf file * PDF *
2095 living and working with the new medical technologies intersections of inquiry cambridge studies in medical anthropology no short description living and working with the new medical technologies intersections of inquiry cambridge studies in medical anthropology because this is pdf file * PDF *
2096 chemistry hybrid edition with owlv2 4 terms 24 months printed access card no short description chemistry hybrid edition with owlv2 4 terms 24 months printed access card because this is pdf file * PDF *
2097 respiratory system study activities answers no short description respiratory system study activities answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
2100 dog behavior and owner behavior questions and answers current dog problems and solutions volume 3 no short description dog behavior and owner behavior questions and answers current dog problems and solutions volume 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2101 trx 850 rear brake upgrade no short description trx 850 rear brake upgrade because this is pdf file * PDF *
2104 the death contingency no short description the death contingency because this is pdf file * PDF *
2107 the samurai and the sacred the path of the warrior general military no short description the samurai and the sacred the path of the warrior general military because this is pdf file * PDF *
2109 adoption centric usability engineering systematic deployment assessment and improvement of usability methods in software engineering no short description adoption centric usability engineering systematic deployment assessment and improvement of usability methods in software engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
2112 the sudoku book advanced edition no short description the sudoku book advanced edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2124 package price agroecology the ecology of sustainable food systems third edition no short description package price agroecology the ecology of sustainable food systems third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2127 commissioning of apostles the development procedure and importance of commissioning apostles no short description commissioning of apostles the development procedure and importance of commissioning apostles because this is pdf file * PDF *
2130 98 lincoln town car owners manual no short description 98 lincoln town car owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2134 samsung un55d6900wf led tv service manual no short description samsung un55d6900wf led tv service manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2139 shaping up to womanhood gender and girls physical education gender and education series no short description shaping up to womanhood gender and girls physical education gender and education series because this is pdf file * PDF *
2140 acres of diamonds all good things are possible right where you are and now no short description acres of diamonds all good things are possible right where you are and now because this is pdf file * PDF *
Attention! This site contains adult material, if you are under 18 years old, you must immediately leave this website.
Materials on the forum provided for educational purposes, if you want to buy material, contact the copyright holder
I have been buying gluten-free granola for years but recently I decided it was time try to make my own. What I love about making my
Last nights job was to prepare something small that I could snack on during my busy week. I usually like to eat a piece of fruit
Jody is a naturopath, specialising in clinical nutrition and herbal medicine. She combines the latest evidence-based medicine with a traditional holistic naturopathic approach to provide patients with a treatment plan that achieves the best outcome for her patients.
Apartment Decorating Ideas Best Small Apartment Kitchen Ideas On Small Apartments Tiny Apartment Decorating And Small Apartment Interior Design Apartment Decorating Ideas On A Budget – joeleonard
Very beautiful place, homey, and spacious. The place was clean and close to grocery stores and the beach. Parking was good.
Such a great place and make you feel being at home. Quick response and provide a lot of useful information. The location is also convenient. Recommend:)
Thanks for hosting us. The place was very spacious and comfortable. Sleeps 4-5 comfortably with 2 bathrooms. Kitchen is awesome. Instructions were clear and close to attractions. Parking is available on street next to house. Feels like home away from home. Host was very respons…
Would definitely recommend this place. Me and my family instantly settled in and felt at home away from home and found it hard leaving! The hosts Owen & Mattaniah responded to all enquiries very quickly and helped accommodate us as best as they could in regards to the awkward fli…
la maison est conforme au photo confortable et sécurisé pour les enfants ,Owen et Mattaniah sont au petit soin repond le plus rapidement possible a nos demande et on même eu la gentilesse de nous mettre en relation avec leurs nounou . Chez eux on se sent comme chez soi . Le quart…
Hypnosis does not work on each particular person. When researchers started researching hypnosis in earnest, a report released by Stanford College titled “The Stanford Hypnotic Susceptibility Scale�?shown that different brains reply to hypnosis in varying degrees, along with a only a few usually do not react in any way. Dealing with a properly trained psychologist, you’ll before long determine regardless if you are a good candidate for your healing benefits of hypnotherapy.
It’s absolutely truly worth a attempt. Hypnosis has become utilised efficiently for coughing tics and also hiccups.
Total, Everybody who performed comprehended we had been like "actors" and planned to Engage in along with the entertaining of it; but also many of us were amazed by how tranquil and self-assured we have been (a lot of my fiends thought it had been accurate since my steps we so out of character for me). So when I am able to say hypnosis is Phony it did make me come to feel astonishingly relaxed, and self-confident!﻿
Definitely. I’ve worked with quite a few people to help them get over earlier relationships with fantastic results.
Say, for instance, “Now I’m planning to depend backwards from 5, and Once i say 1, you’re likely to be produced from hypnosis. You’ll remember almost everything you probably did but you’ll be entirely awake and again to normal.”
Decide about five individuals who're keen and enthusiastic. Request volunteers and appear from the viewers to locate someone who appears fascinated and keen. The very best individuals are types who will be now inclined “believers�?in hypnotism, given that they’re now in an open point out of brain that is likely to make them simple to hypnotize.
No idea. State your targets in more measurable phrases. What are you not performing given that you want to do?
Sir would like to learn the way to hypnotize some a person in your house online how can I discover make sure you aid me comprehensive
Television hypnosis shows are fully pretend. They may be practically nothing much more than enjoyment and never Great entertainment at that. These shows perpetuate myths and Perform on misunderstandings regarding how hypnosis actually works, widespread among those with little or no practical experience of or education and learning about hypnosis. As many posts have pointed out, in real daily life hypnosis is about helping people get a peaceful point out of mind the place feelings or Reminiscences turn out to be much more Plainly concentrated.
That type of memory recovery will not be a very good application for hypnosis. Recollections are fragile rather than essentially an correct illustration of “real truth.�?False Recollections are simply established. This really is especially true In case you have an expectation of finding some thing.
Seeking things being distinct is the cause of suffering. Hunting for “responses�?and “closure�?energizes hypnotherapy mesa az a fixation around the previous. A Consulting Hypnotist may help you with present day challenges and also the release of grievances and anger (aka putting the earlier at the rear of you in which it belongs).
Request participants to return into the audience if they might’t emphasis. At any stage all through your induction, you could see that one participant is lagging guiding the rest. They could be glancing about when they’re designed to be fixing their eyes on some extent, or shifting all-around within their chair after you’re inquiring them to be even now and relax.
These forms of challenges are fundamentally addictions which have been fueled by Anxiousness. In case you’re motivated, sincere, and fully commited, then hypnosis can help you split the psychological and behavioral cycles that perpetuate the problems.
Hypnosis can assist uncover and resolve concealed emotional challenges which have been sabotaging the normal inspiration and enthusiasm for things to do that accustomed to encourage passion.
Posted in Art and all things considered and tagged Acrylic, Art, clouds, code, dream, ears, glans, icon, listen, listening, ontology, Painting on June 22, 2013 by Arne Hou Uerkvitz. Leave a comment
Progressive workings: nothing is more boring than a blog where some Schmock wannabe artist incessantly posts his ‘art’, without even bothering to explain why he does it or for that matter what the (bleep) it is his so-called audience is actually looking at. Right?
‘Schmock’ btw, is a yiddish word and has most of the same meanings as it has in american english. According to trustworthy sources its original meaning is ‘penis’ (from old polish smok, ‘grass snake, dragon,’). So being a dick is a true and ancient art form, it seems. It is also interesting that the german word ‘Schmuck’ means ‘jewelry’. Talk about ‘family jewels’. Of course it is an ongoing discussion which word derives from which. As if it matters.
May I present to you the latest stage of my attempt to portray my ears as something more than exterior listening devices and carriers of adornments. It is also my first floral artwork ever, albeit even that has been disputed. Whatev’ …
Posted in Art and all things considered and tagged Acrylic, Art, boring, clouds, code, dream, ears, glans, icon, jewelry, listen, listening, ontology, Painting, penis, Schmock on May 27, 2013 by Arne Hou Uerkvitz. Leave a comment
Progressing work. Listen: stay calm, put your feet back on the floor. There’s absolutely nothing between my ears. The next one? Pff. How should I know?
Posted in Art and all things considered and tagged ?, Acrylic, Art, clouds, code, dream, ears, glans, icon, listen, listening, ontology, Painting on May 14, 2013 by Arne Hou Uerkvitz. Leave a comment
Condensation is occurring upon condensation nuclei as the parcel lifts, cools adiabatically and becomes saturated.
Cut-up-poem on painting on cardboard, prayer rug size. Instructions for use: aim directly towards the nearest conscientious brain.
Triptych patterns in progress and at the same time. Islamic geometry to the background noises of Syrian conflict and western ignorance. Sighs have been heard.
At the izakaya named Oysy (oh-ee-she), the song “Selfish” found its setting. And deep fried rock shrimp.
And pff, some of 2011 actually, silly me. Lazy me, maybe. Definitely. But this is a silly project. Here’s the list. Is there a theme to it? Who cares. I am probably just an idiot: 07/10/11 – Plato, “The Republic” ♥♥♥ 31/10/11 – Neal Stephenson, “Reamde” ♥♥♥ 29/12/11 – Haruki Murakami, “1q84” ♥♥♥♥ […]
Finally, and at last, I got back from this dry spell of actual months without my nose in a book, where I even had these books just sitting there waiting to have their spines broken and their guts devoured, but a numbness of the mind, an inspirational limbo, a too long frozen winter of intellect […]
A: Read Disgrace. Swallowed it. Loved it. Ran immediately to see the movie wherein Malkovitch does a thing to the character that made me think twice about our main protagonist. In the movie I saw his face/value as being a corrupt egocentric I could pity with sympathy whereas in the book sympathy came first and […]
Hope everyone enjoyed my free give-away for “Child of Orcus.” I don’t know if I’ll do another promotion down the line. It depends on how things with my latest project pans out. That project, I’m happy to say, is finally complete! Yes, I have completed yet another book and I’m ready to make it official.
Earlier this spring, I teased (and hopefully tantalized) the theme of my latest book. When I came up with it, I did so with one major theme in mind. I wanted to combine my love of sports with my love of erotica. I feel it’s a potent combination and one that isn’t often explored in this era of vampire lovers and wealthy BDSM enthusiasts. With the baseball season in full swing, the football season just around the corner, and the Olympics almost upon us, I think the time is right for this potent combination to shine. For that reason, I’m proud to announce, “The Big Game.”
Imagine, for a moment, all the pressure and stress that a star athlete must endure. In our culture, we see it all the time. Athletes, some of them teenagers, are burdened with all the hopes and dreams of an entire team, if not an entire community. They get a taste of fame and stardom before they’ve even had a chance to learn how to handle such pressure. It’s a lot to ask of anyone, even an athlete.
Add into the mix the innate attraction to star athletes and the pressure is even greater. It’s no great secret. Athletes attract women. Sometimes, those women go to elaborate lengths to hook up with these athletes and not always for the right reasons. Some aren’t even subtle about it. There are stories everywhere like this one that depict just how much sordid attention an athlete can get.
This is the world that David Daniels finds himself in with, “The Big Game.” He’s the star quarterback of the River Valley Riders in a small Texas town where football is king. It’s not unlike many Texas towns. What we see in “Friday Night Lights” is just a small part of a much larger story. David knows this better than most because he’s got the biggest game of his life coming up, but he’s a total wreck.
Being a star athlete, he knows the kind of attention he gets. He experiences the pressure, the temptation, and the potential pitfalls every day. As such, he struggles to control his world. Being a teenager, that control only goes so far. That struggle only escalates at the big game approaches. His coach senses this and sets him up with someone who can help him, namely his beautiful college-aged daughter, Gloria Gibson. What she teaches him and what he learns about control will have a lasting impact during the big game and beyond.
This is a story I hope appeals to both erotica fans and sports fans. It’s a story that shows a young man learning from a strong older woman what it really means to be in control. What kind of control does this mean? Well some BDSM fans have probably already figured that out. Others will just have to wait and see.
As of now, the book is complete and edited. Before I self-publish it though, I’m going to make a concerted effort to get a publisher on my side. I’ve done this with almost every one of my books, but I’ve yet to receive an offer that followed through. I’m STILL waiting for a response from Crimson Frost. I’m not sure how extensive I’ll be with “The Big Game.” I’m going to focus primarily on smaller erotica publishers and BDSM imprints. Some might be longer shots than others, but I’m going to try. If I don’t get any offers, I’ll self-publish again and try my luck with another book. For now, here’s to hoping that “The Big Game” is a winner.
RT @MarvelStudios: “No one has had more of an impact on my career and everything we do at Marvel Studios than Stan Lee. Stan leaves an extr… 20 minutes ago
A while back, I was walking through a mall, as I often do on a nice weekend. This particular mall happened to have these kiosks where people would walk up to you and try to sell you anything from beauty products to exotic vacations to cult membership. I’m usually pretty good at ignoring them, but one in particular got my attention.
This woman was selling some sort of fancy skin care product. She did her pitch. I listened, trying to find a polite way to brush her off. Then, she said this product would make a great gift. She asked if I was married. I said no. She then asked if I had a girlfriend. I said no. Then, she asked me something that kind of struck me.
She looks at me strangely, gives me this cock-eyed glance with her eyes, and asks, “Are you gay?” I said no and I laughed it off. She laughed too and after that, I had a good reason to walk away. However, something about that conversation really struck me. As time goes on, it strikes me even harder and not in the way most BDSM enthusiasts would enjoy.
It’s one thing for a guy in his early to mid 20s to be single. Society really doesn’t look down on that. We see a young guy in his 20s who is single and think:
“He must between girlfriends. That or he’s just humping everyone and everything he can to get it out of his system before he settles down. That’s okay. I will not shame him. He’s a valuable part of the labor force so it’s probably not a good idea to bust his balls.”
Okay, maybe that’s not exactly what we think when we see a young 20-something single guy, but it’s a close approximation. The point is that when a man is young, society is okay with him being single and unattached. We don’t look at that as anything strange or suspicious.
That all seems to change when a man crosses that special, magical threshold otherwise known as “turning 30.” I’m over 30 and I’ve been over 30 for a while now. I try to stay healthy. I made it a point several years ago to be healthier in my 30s than I was in my 20s. I like to think I’ve kept that promise to myself.
However, no matter how much I work out or how healthy I am, I can’t change the number of days that have passed since I was born. That also means I can’t change the fact that I’m single and over the age of 30. For whatever reason, that’s the age where being single suddenly becomes an issue.
It’s another one of those lesser-known double standards. I’ve bemoaned many of the double standards plaguing women and men, but this one affects me personally. It may very well affect my ability to find love, interact with the public, or work ahead in my career. It’s a serious issue for me and one that I don’t know how to address.
It may sound like a trivial, first-world problem by current standards, but it is there. We’ve made a lot of societal progress. We no longer arrange marriages for our children and force them to stay in passionless, abusive relationships. I say that counts as progress in my book.
A byproduct of this progress, though, is that we’re going to end up with a sizable population of men and women who either lag behind or never really catch up in the end. It’s true. There is a stigma to being single these days. I’m not just talking about a stigma that amounts to the “creepy guy” factor either.
When we find out someone like me in their 30s is single, society has these strange set of assumptions that are somewhat understandable within a context. I’m not saying those assumptions are right, but there is a context. So when people find out a man is over 30 and single, there are sentiments like:
These are all harsh assumptions. Some are more extreme than others. Again, there is a context though. For most of human history, we lived in small tribes. Men and women often paired up out of necessity and convenience at young ages. If someone, male or female, became distant from the tribe, that was inherently harmful to the tribe. In that sense, the stigma is understandable.
Here in the modern era, the circumstances have changed, but the caveman logic hasn’t. A single man in his 30s is often seen as a sign of a larger problem. It’s still seen as a failing of sorts. Even in this more progressive era, men are expected to be married or in some form of relationships after a certain age. They’re expected to be locked into some sort of social bond. When they don’t meet that expectation, that’s cause for concern.
This has a real impact that goes deeper than just creepy glares and accusations of being gay. Some of these impacts affect men much more than women as well. It means that when I see a cute kid and play around with that kid, it’s going to come off as creepy to some people. A single man in his 30s playing with a kid? That makes some people shudder for reasons I don’t think I need to describe.
It also has an economic impact. If you’re a single man over 30 and you’re working full-time, you can expect to make less than a single woman the same age. Society does, and understandably so, reward those who are married and in relationships. I can understand society wanting to incentivize those in relationships, but sometimes incentives can have a snowball affect.
I worry that as I get older, the stigma will become harder and harder to avoid. With each passing year that goes by without me getting in a relationship, people are going to start making more and more assumptions. As a result, people will also keep their distance from me. For someone like me, a natural hugger, that can be pretty damaging.
It’s a self-reinforcing cycle, one that will make things worse in the long run. It’s a cycle that may drive me to enter a relationship for the wrong reasons and I don’t want to put myself, or any woman for that matter, through such an experience.
I do want to find love. I do want to forge close, intimate relationships with others. I just worry that my age and the stigma that comes with being single will work against me. I hold out hope that I’ll find someone to share my life with one day. I just hope that day comes sooner rather than later.
Tagged as bachelor, double standards, finding love, gender issues, gender roles, men, mental health, relationships, single man, social stigma, stigma, women
I love the innovative architectural design that makes it look like the buildings are swaying in the breeze.
Pat came to Apogee in September 1999, and as general counsel and secretary serves as the company's corporate governance compliance officer and has played a key role in transactions such as the acquisition of Alumicor. She provided leadership in developing and implementing the company's corporate governance guidelines as well as its code of business conduct. She also manages the annual code of conduct recertification of all employees throughout Apogee's operating units.
Prior to joining Apogee, Pat spent eight years as divisional legal counsel for two Minneapolis, Minnesota-based medical device subsidiaries of Pfizer, Inc., a multinational pharmaceutical company. In her position with American Medical Systems, Inc. and Schneider (USA), Inc., she led numerous new product and technology acquisitions, provided general corporate and compliance counsel, and managed commercial and employment litigation.
Previously Pat was with the Minneapolis law firm of Fredrickson and Byron for nine years, the last three as a partner. She practiced in the corporate finance and general corporate areas.
Pat earned her law degree from the University of Minnesota Law School, Minneapolis, and a bachelor's degree in marketing from the University of North Dakota, Grand Forks.
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨
Nevada Gold & Casinos, Inc. (the “Company”) announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Club Fortune Casino in Henderson, Nevada to Truckee Gaming, LLC for $14.6 million, subject to certain adjustments, including a working capital adjustment. The sale price is equal to approximately 8.5X EBITDA for Club Fortune for the trailing twelve months ended April 30, 2018.
The transaction, which received lender consent, is subject to customary closing conditions, including approvals of the Nevada Gaming Control Board and Commission, and is expected to close in late 2018.
Following the consummation of the Club Fortune sale, Nevada Gold intends to close its Las Vegas corporate office and move its corporate headquarters to its Washington Gold office in the Seattle, Washington area. The Company expects to reduce its corporate overhead by approximately $1.2 million as a result.
The Board of Directors will continue to review strategic options, including the review of alternatives for the use of the cash proceeds from the sale of Club Fortune, which could involve, among other things, repayment of debt, the return of some or all of the cash to shareholders through a special dividend and/or self-tender offer.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned who is duly authorized.
LAS VEGAS, June 27, 2018 -- Nevada Gold & Casinos, Inc. (NYSE MKT: UWN) (the “Company”) announced today the signing of a definitive purchase agreement to sell its Club Fortune Casino in Henderson, Nevada to Truckee Gaming, LLC for $14.6 million, subject to certain adjustments, including a working capital adjustment. The sale price is equal to approximately 8.5X EBITDA for Club Fortune for the trailing twelve months ended April 30, 2018.
William Sherlock, Chairman of Nevada Gold, stated: “This transaction is a part of our continuing program to maximize value for shareholders. We continue to review strategic options, including the review of alternatives for the use of the cash proceeds from the sale of Club Fortune, which could involve, among other things, repayment of debt, the return of some or all of the cash to shareholders through a special dividend and/or self-tender offer.”
The Company cautions that there can be no assurance as to if and when the closing conditions to the sale of Club Fortune will be satisfied or if the Company’s ongoing strategic review process will result in any other transaction or strategic alternative, or any assurance as to its outcome or timing. The Company has not set a timetable for completion of its review process and does not intend to disclose developments related to the process unless and until the Board approves a transaction or specific action, or otherwise determines that further disclosure is appropriate or required.
This release contains forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of terminology such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “foresee,” “believe” or “continue” and similar expressions, or as other statements that do not relate solely to historical facts. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify. Management believes these statements to be reasonable when made. However, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements. As a result, these statements speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In view of such uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, including, but not limited to, those identified in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, to which we refer you.
Nevada Gold & Casinos, Inc. (NYSE MKT: UWN) of Las Vegas, Nevada is a developer, owner, and operator of 9 gaming operations in Washington (wagoldcasinos.com), and a local casino in Henderson, Nevada (clubfortunecasino.com).
Truckee Gaming, LLC is a gaming company based in Reno, NV. It owns and operates locals-oriented casinos throughout Northern Nevada under the Gold Ranch and Pioneer Crossing brands.
Well, a lot has happened this past week. I went for chemo on Tuesday and while I was there Dr. Mckeen listened to my lungs and decided I had to have it taken care of immediately. So, I finished my chemo and was admitted to Good Samaritan Hospital. I was met by a Dr. Scoma who is a cardiothoracic surgeon. He sent me for a CT scan to see how bad my lungs were and gave me my options for surgery. The original plan was to have a surgery that drained both lungs, re-inflated them and to put some kind of powder in there to stop the fluid. It was a big surgery. I would have to be in ICU for the next 48 hrs. to control the pain. I was to get an epidural to help control the pain. I was scared to say the least. But, the next morning, Dr. Scoma came in and said there was a change in plans. Unfortunately my lungs were in worse shape than they thought. The cancer has penetrated the right lung and he was afraid that he would not be able to get me off the ventilator after surgery, which I could then get pneumonia and it would be a downhill spiral. On one hand, I was glad I didn't have to have the surgery. But, this was not good news. I took it very hard. I finally went down for the alternate surgery. Basically he put a tube in my right lung and it will remain there for 4-6 weeks. I will drain it at home as needed and eventually the fluid will stop and the lung will re-inflate. He decided to just do the right side, but we may need to go back and do the left as well. He said it's uncomfortable to have two at the same time. I was still nervous about having this done because I would be awake during the procedure. But, I got down to invasive surgery and the nurses could not have been nicer. I quickly found out that my nurses daughter, Stacey, works in ambulatory surgery which is where I used to work. She said to me, what can I do for you honey. I told her I was scared and she said, enough said, I'll take care of that. She gave me fentanyl and versed and I do not remember a thing until I started vomiting in recovery. I was very well taken care of and so grateful that she was with me.
I came home Thursday night and have been recuperating at home. My family never leaves my side and I don't know what I would do without them. My pain has gotten a little better, but the coughing is still there. I'm wondering if my left lung is going to have a tube placed as well. The coughing gets me vomiting and I'm having a hard time keeping food down. My mouth is full of sores from the chemo, so it makes me not want to eat anyway. I need prayer for my appetite to increase. I've lost about 30lbs now and really can't afford to loose anymore. I need nutrition to heal and get better. I never thought I would be drinking ensure, but mom is getting it in me as best she can. Pray that the cancer responds well to the chemo. Dr. Scoma and Dr. Mckeen say the cancer in my lungs responds well to chemo. It's not one big tumor, but just haziness on my lungs.
Kelly we love you so much and are praying every morning, day and night for you. God is in the business of miraculous healing today as He has always been. We remain undeterred and will keep praying for Him to heal you with His touch.
Kelly, I am so sorry that you have to endure all these procedures but glad that Stacy's mom was there to help you through it. What a small world. You need not worry about all of our continued prayers for your comfort and healing because it is happening 24/7. Much love, Marci
Kelly I am so glad to here you are home now recuperating. You are always in my thoughts and prayers. I hope the breathing and pain now improves for you. Rest and try to get the nutrition you need. Love and prayers, Dottie
I know you must be so sick of feeling yucky! I hope that you can see how God is blessing you throughout this ordeal with such a wonderful husband, children, parents, sisters, brother, aunts, uncles, cousins, friends & co-workers. Complete strangers are praying for you! People at my church & work know you by name and ask about you constantly. We pray for healing and a miracle - but also for courage and perseverence and peace. I love you so much, Kelly. Drink that yummy Ensure!! Cheers!
Kelly - sending all our love and prayers from California.. Jesus' arms are so very big. - the Wallaces
I look at your blog daily and hope to see your recovery...we send you all our love and prayers every single day!!Love you...
Kelly, Billy and I read your blog all the time to see how you are doing and feeling. We pray so hard for God to show his mercy to you with a recovery and strength to keep strong. You have so many people that love you. Know that we (and the Reed Jr's) are stretching our arms out to you in prayer and support! Much love heads your way....
We are praying and thinking of you. Can they give you something to increase your appetite (maybe mix it in your Ensure). It helped my dad's appetite when he took it. Praying for you and your family and asking God to heal you.
Kelly...we pray every day for healing for you and peace for you and your family. May you sense God's presence 24/7. We will continue to pray.
We went camping and had the time of our lives! We went to Fort Desoto on the west coast and it was beautiful. The weather was gorgeous! The kids had such a great time together and met a ton of kids in the campground. And Lisa, Jeff, Ian and I always enjoy being together. I am exhausted today, but it was well worth it. Especially when Maddie came in my room last night started crying and said, "Mom, I didn't want it to end". That made it all worth the effort to go! I have memories to last a lifetime from this weekend.
Now, back home to reality. And tomorrow is chemo day. I am going to think positive and say that I am going to do well and not be sick. So, please pray along with me that I will tolerate tomorrow and the days to come.
I am so excited that your trip went well and you and the fam were able to enjoy it so much!! We certainly missed you yesterday but I truly believe you were right where God wanted you to be. Wish you didn't have to face chemo tomorrow!
In my Beth Moore BS we are studying David right now. He is such a great role model in truly listening to God's word and having faith in His direction. Listen for His still small voice when you are facing your "giant". I know that is hard sometimes to discern with all the advice from doctors and others.
I am praying especially for Ian today. Watching him pack your camper made me realize what a true hero he is. God has blessed you with such a wonderful mate!! Love you, Kelly!!
Praying for your tolerance to the chemo and praising God for your good time camping and good spirits! What a gift that good memories are! So glad that you are continuing to make great ones with those babies. Continuing to lift you up in prayer and plea for complete healing! Love you.
I had so many students ask me to do camp again, so this is for you guys! I've infused some of my favorite techniques with all the new-ness in my art...for example, no paintbrushes! More vivid colors. Texture and collage and all sorts of fun! It's creating awesome new work that is easily accessible for everyone, no matter how long you've been art journaling!
I'm also offering packs of papers -- from my stash, painted papers, little foam stamps, camp stickers...
You know that feeling when you find an amazing pen that just writes & draws perfectly and glides across the paper like a dream?
In fact, I love it so much, I'm gonna tell you about it. Because I found a version of it in Wal*Mart for $3, which is super affordable and local, so I don't have to worry about the ink running out!
The first pen I got is the bottom one, a Uniball Signo 153. This is the black version of the best white pen ever created, and wow is it amazing! The ink flows beautifully, and the thick lines are dreamy. It's like a paint pen but not - it's gel ink but is waterproof!
(Just remember that when pens say waterproof, they usually mean when used on paper. They're formulated to soak into the paper fibers, so keep this in mind when pen shopping. I've used mine over markers and the lines stay put; if you want something that is waterproof over ANY media, I recommend the Pentel Pocket Brush w/ India ink.)
The "replacement" pen is a Uniball Signo 207 Bold. This is in their line of pens to prevent check fraud, so it's mostly waterproof. I got a pack of two for $3 at Walmart!
The two pens are identical when you write. I tested my neon Letraset marker, a Copic marker, and some water over the ink and you can see the results above. The Letraset spread the ink, but it stayed in place for everything else...and not many pens survive Copics!
Here's what I've been doing with my shiny new pens...mandalas! I'm finding it so relaxing to curl up on the couch, put on a movie, and color! I love adding doodles to the original patterns! This one is still in progress...I'm sure I'll finish it tonight. I can't wait to reveal the project I've been working on!
PS. I have so much in my heart to share, I'm full to bursting! So many thoughts to put in order and art to share. I've been updating my Etsy shop every other day with new original paintings, as my studio space is changing and I need to clean things out! Check it out for some awesome, vivid paintings!
I haven't taken a portraits class, or gotten formal instruction. I don't come from an art or illustration background. What I have done is gone down the long and winding path from not knowing how to draw, to having my girls made into rubber stamps, featured in magazines & books, and taught others how to finally get past all those thoughts in your head and draw amazing, revealing mixed-media self portraits.
This class is packed with information, with a thick workbook, video instruction, and a 30-day challenge to take you forward through what you've learned and help your confidence and skills blossom.
I've come up with a bunch of fun exercises that take you through discovering your own illustration style & take the struggle out of drawing faces. It all comes together in my super-secret shorthand face method & a mixed media portrait I walk you through, step-by-step.
Then jump into the forums for 30 Days of Illustration, to help you stay on track and work out those drawing muscles. If I can do it, YOU CAN DO IT!
Already draw faces? Use this class to explore different illustration styles to find your own unique-ness.
Can't seem to draw? Progress through this class to become comfortable with drawing faces and learn easy tricks to make it super fun & easy.
Enrolling grants you 2 years access to all the class materials! Download videos and print out the PDF to work at your own pace.
Please note that getting you into the group is a manual process that takes 24-36 hours, with no actions taken on Sundays.
This is a rare one of a kind version of the Nights that a family member has. It was a gift upon retirement to Thomas Barger, ex-CEO of Aramco and one of that company's founders (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Barger).
It is a sixteen volume version of Richard F. Burton's Alf Layla in a wooden treasure chest box. Each volume is bound in leather and each one is stamped with Barger's name in Arabic. The Saudi Arabian publisher is marked on one of the pages below. It is stamped 1964 KHAYATS Beirut. Just wanted to share the pictures -
A comprehensive online resource for old, new and developing news, scholarship and info on The 1001 (aka The Arabian) Nights and its many manifestations.
BALLURIAU Paul, 1860-1917 (France) What is The Arabian Nights ? by Michael Lundell It's a question which permeates any conversati...
A visitor has asked me an interesting question, they are interested in the story "Ali and his large member" (yes that kind of m...
These were some dolls made by Barbie in the mid-1960s as part of their Little Theater Series. Vintage Barbie Arabian Nights #874 (196...
Chapter 97 The Lamp Had you descended from the Pequod's try-works to the Pequod's forecastle, where the off ...
Info unquoted is mine, use with a link / quoted & pictures under US Copyright #107 / Links not mine. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
Big real estate developers like Donald Trump have long benefited from myriad legal loopholes and breaks that can shrink their tax bills. Their advantages expanded further with the federal tax overhaul that took effect this year.
Divorce can be simple or it can be messy. For some, it's become a little more urgent. The $1.5 trillion tax overhaul includes the end of a 75-year-old deduction on alimony payments, to kick in at the close of this year. Recipients will also no longer have to claim such payments as income.
Montana's governor and the state Department of Revenue filed a lawsuit against the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Department of the Treasury Tuesday over a recent decision to end the requirement that some tax-exempt groups disclose the identities of their major donors.
The Trump administration is lifting requirements that some tax-exempt groups disclose the identities of their donors to federal tax authorities.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Wednesday to make it harder for the federal government to use a section of tax law to convict someone of obstruction.
Millions of working Americans should start seeing fatter paychecks as early as next month, Republican leaders say, as a result of the recently passed tax law.
This is to remind all struggling businesses and those that own or operate them to abide by this simple, but powerful, rule: remit all payroll taxes.
The Trump administration has settled lawsuits with tea party groups that received extra, often burdensome scrutiny when applying for tax-exempt status, ending another chapter in a political scandal that dogged the Obama administration and remains a source of outrage for Republicans.
Simplifying the tax code goes hand in hand with reducing the amount of judgment calls and the associated policing required of IRS personnel.
U.S. District Judge Timothy D. DeGuisti ordered Dane Thomas Wilson to pay $525,000 in restitution to former clients of his law practice to the Oklahoma Bar Association and to the Internal Revenue Service.
Overview of technological advances toward greater efficiency and efficacy in sterile insect-inherited sterility programs against moth pests
Simulation modelling as a decision support in developing a sterile insect-inherited sterility release strategy for Eldana saccharina (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae)
Mating compatibility and competitiveness between wild and laboratory strains of Eldana saccharina (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae) after radiation treatment
Development, reproduction and sexual competitiveness of Conopomorpha sinensis (Lepidoptera: Gracillariidae) gamma-irradiated as pupae and adults
Flight ability and dispersal of European grapevine moth gamma-irradiated males (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae)
Flight activity and mating behavior of irradiated Spodoptera litura (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) males and their F1 progeny for use of inherited sterility in pest management approaches
Developing field cage tests to measure mating competitiveness of sterile light brown apple moths (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) in Western Australia
Stable isotope markers differentiate between mass-reared and wild Lepidoptera in sterile insect technique programs
Hmm it looks like your blog ate my first comment (it was super long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I wrote and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any tips and hints for inexperienced blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my weblog thus i came to “return the favor”.I am attempting to find things to enhance my site!I suppose its ok to use a few of your ideas!!
I am really enjoying the theme/design of your blog. Do you ever run into any browser compatibility issues? A couple of my blog readers have complained about my blog not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Safari. Do you have any recommendations to help fix this problem?
This design is wicked! You certainly know how to keep a reader entertained. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Wonderful job. I really loved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
I’m not sure why but this web site is loading very slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a issue on my end? I’ll check back later and see if the problem still exists.
Thanks for every other informative site. Where else could I get that type of information written in such an ideal method? I’ve a challenge that I am just now working on, and I’ve been on the glance out for such info.
I would like to thank you for the efforts you’ve put in writing this website. I’m hoping the same high-grade web site post from you in the upcoming as well. Actually your creative writing abilities has encouraged me to get my own blog now. Really the blogging is spreading its wings quickly. Your write up is a great example of it.
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a friend who was doing a little research on that. And he just bought me lunch since I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thanks for lunch!
My brother suggested I might like this blog. He was totally right. This post actually made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
Magnificent goods from you, man. I have understand your stuff previous to and you are just extremely excellent. I actually like what you have acquired here, really like what you are saying and the way in which you say it. You make it enjoyable and you still take care of to keep it sensible. I cant wait to read far more from you. This is really a wonderful site.
Great website. Lots of useful information here. I¡¦m sending it to some friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And of course, thank you on your effort!
What i don’t realize is actually how you are no longer really much more smartly-preferred than you might be right now. You are very intelligent. You know therefore significantly in terms of this topic, produced me personally imagine it from a lot of varied angles. Its like women and men don’t seem to be involved unless it¡¦s one thing to do with Woman gaga! Your personal stuffs excellent. All the time deal with it up!
My brother recommended I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I will be sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I’ll certainly comeback.
Thanks for the tips you discuss through this web site. In addition, many young women who become pregnant usually do not even try and get medical health insurance because they worry they couldn’t qualify. Although many states now require that insurers offer coverage irrespective of the pre-existing conditions. Fees on these kind of guaranteed plans are usually bigger, but when thinking about the high cost of health care bills it may be the safer approach to take to protect a person’s financial future.
magnificent points altogether, you just gained a new reader. What may you recommend about your put up that you made a few days in the past? Any positive?
Thank you for sharing excellent informations. Your website is very cool. I’m impressed by the details that you have on this website. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the info I already searched all over the place and just couldn’t come across. What an ideal website.
Thanks for your publication. What I want to comment on is that when searching for a good on the net electronics go shopping, look for a web-site with full information on key elements such as the security statement, security details, payment methods, along with terms along with policies. Always take time to look into the help along with FAQ segments to get a better idea of how a shop is effective, what they are capable of doing for you, and ways in which you can make use of the features.
I was curious if you ever considered changing the layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?
nice and an very facinating post to check out on this nice site! Never write any input only now just could not resist ..
There is visibly a lot to realize about this. I think you made certain nice points in features also.
wonderful put up, very informative. I wonder why the opposite specialists of this sector do not notice this. You should continue your writing. I am sure, you’ve a great readers’ base already!
Hey cool weblog, just questioning what anti-spam software you utilize for feedback as a result of i get lots on my blog. Anyway, in my language, there are not a lot good source like this.
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to say that I have truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again very soon!
Admiring the time and effort you put into your website and in depth information you present. It’s great to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same old rehashed information. Excellent read! I’ve saved your site and I’m including your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Howdy! Someone in my Facebook group shared this website with us so I came to take a look. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Excellent blog and brilliant style and design.
Hmm it looks like your website ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I submitted and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I too am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any suggestions for novice blog writers? I’d really appreciate it.
Exceptional post however , I was wondering if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Bless you!
la-xxx.com is automatic adult search engine using spider script for finding free Flogger Whip porn tube clips. We refuse owning, producing or hosting any adult Flogger Whip videos, and all clips that you see at the site are nothing but links leading to adult content owned by other websites that are not under our control. All thumbnails are generated by the system from the adult videos.
All categories and description phrases are taken from favorite search queries entered by adult Internet users. We loath illegal pornography and are prepared to accept your requests if you face any inappropriate content and take all measures to ban and stop it.
Energetic, loyal, competitive, work 10%,go the extra mile, considerate, kind, honest, trust worthy, stabel,much experienced, helpful, get along with others, willingness, high spirited, learn quickly
Ideal Companies: JP Morgan, Standard & Poors, Merryl Lynch, Chase Bank, NYC departments, Depository Trust, Any Stock Brokerage firms, Public Storage, Home Depot, Jetro Supplies in Brooklyn, Cosco's,
Climber.com is a trademark of Mingle, LLC. © Copyright 2007-2018 Mingle, LLC. All rights reserved. [C1]
26 – Man Utd are unbeaten in their last 26 games in all comps at Old Trafford (W17 D9); their longest run since Oct 2011 (37 games). Edge.
Our combined project experience, prior to forming d3 design studios, while working at other firms has given us the privilege to work on many high profile projects. The following projects listed below are a collection of our combined major project types and experience.
The First China International Import Expo (CIIE) is around the corner. With a view to amplifying the spillover effect of the CIIE and enhancing investment and trade ties between Shanghai and the rest of the world, Shanghai Foreign Investment Promotion Board (Invest Shanghai) and Shanghai Cross-border E-commerce Association (SCEA), are scheduled to hold Launching Ceremony of Enrollment of First Batch of National Pavilions into Worldwide Cross-border City, which is“6+365” Permanent Exhibition and Trade Platform of China International Import Expo, at No. 2999 Nanzhu Road, Pudong Shanghai, i.e. North Square, Shanghai Pentagonal Mart, at 10:00 October 26th 2018.
We hereby cordially invite you to attend this important event. Your early confirmation of attendance would be highly appreciated.
Everyone loves H&M, right? I have been obsessed for a few months now and seriously can't get enough. They're affordable and even their basics look bang on trend. H&M really have pulled a quick one out of the bag here with these absolute gorgeous sandals. I will defiantly getting myself a pair.
My name's Lauren. I'm originally from Manchester but live in Leek. I love make-up, high heels, chocolate and Man City.
- Select Country - Austria Germany Ireland Netherlands Portugal Switzerland United Kingdom United States
In a major setback for direct to home (DTH) operator Reliance Big TV, the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has allowed Antrix Corporation to disconnect transponder service to the DTH operator if it fails to clear dues within the time frame set by the tribunal. With the dues escalating to Rs 23.32 crore minus TDS till March, the tribunal has directed the DTH operator to deposit the first installment of 50% by 22 March and the balance by 31 March. The TDS of Rs. 2.60 crores will also have to be deposited in the proper account as per law by 31 March. “The respondent would be at liberty to disconnect service to the petitioner if there is any default on the part of the petitioner in complying with the above directions within the time indicated,” the tribunal said in its order. The DTH operator, which is now owned by Pantel Technologies and Veecon Television and Media, has pleaded for grant of one more opportunity on the assurance that it will abide by the time…
Eros International signs four film co-production deal with Drishyam Films ~Kaamyaab starring Sanjay Mishra goes on floor~ Mumbai, December 19, 2017: Eros International Media Ltd (Eros International), a leading global film company in the Indian film entertainment industry, has announced a four-film co-production deal with leading production house, Drishyam Films. Drishyam has over the years made a mark by producing content driven films that have received worldwide acclaim including Masaan, Rukh, Kadvi Hawa and India’s entry to the Oscars in the Foreign Film category this year, the highly celebrated Newton. In 2018, Eros and Drishyam will jointly produce four films to pave way for presenting a new wave of cinema that the companies have come to stand for. The first of the four projects, titled Kaamyaab starring Sanjay Mishra along with Deepak Dobriyal and directed by National-Award winning filmmaker Hardik Mehta has already gone on floor and commenced shooting on Novembe…
Film ‘#MumbaiDreams’ Poster Unveiled by #FaaizAnwar, #RitikaGulati, #ShivomYadav, #HoneyLamba, #RajanBhan Mumbai.The poster of FRV Big Entertainment Private Limited’s film ‘Mumbai Dreams’ was unveiled at a large gathering held at Andheri (West), Mumbai on Saturday, 9th December 2017. The first poster was launched by Faaiz Anwar, Ritika Gulati, Shivom Yadav,Honey Lamba, Rajan Bhan, Nivedita Chandel, Nagma Khan, Farzan Faaiz and others with great fanfare & made their presence felt and made it a memorable evening. The film is produced by Faaiz Anwar, Prem Prakash Gupta, Rajan Bhan & it is written and directed by Shivom Yadav.The film with music by Farzan Faaiz. Film is scheduled for release in February 2018. The film stars young and talented faces like Honey Lamba, Ritika Gulati, Rajan Bhan, Nivedita Chandel and Pramod Moutho, Raju Mavani, Ahsaan Khan,Aashik Khan,Salim Ahmed and others. Meraj Ali is the Editor, Sujit Kumar is the choreographer,Lyrics by Faaiz Anw…
I am a very sensitive and caring person, love animals. have many friends, love involving myself in social work, writing and critiqueing are my passions, I run an NGO for Suicide Prevention called AASRA and have been writing for various publications like
Indian Express, TOI, Bombay Times, Free Press Journal, HT, DNA, Jame Jamshyd, Every Tuesday, Clean india Journal, Buildotech, The Sindhian, Frames, Images, SPI, have coordinated an Indian Package for a film festival in Rome, Have worked on several catalogues and newsletters for the Asian film festival, Mumbai abd MAMI. Have also worked on mini biographies of prominent people.
'Arunoday(Sunrise)' Partho Sen Gupta's second feature film selected for 'New Currents International' section of the 19th Busan International Film Festival .#JohnsonThomas
‘Frame Your Idea’ holds over 2700 meetings between idea owners and content producers at FICCI FRAMES The biggest content pitch in India!
‘Kajarya’ and ‘Goatspeak’ to be showcased to an International audience at the 68th Cannes Film Festival
‘Raymond Crossword Book Award 2014’ winners announced 13 years of rewarding the best in Indian writing #TrendingNow #JohnsonThomas #RaghuDixit
“#UltraToysAndGiftsPvtLtd” launched an exciting & a wide range of soft toys & gifting options this grand festive season #VivekKotian #JohnsonThomas
“Life of Pi” to premiere on Star Movies this October Star Movies Launches the FIRST EVER EXPERIENTIAL JOURNEY ONLINE – LIFE OF ‘I’
#AamirKhan to be the Chief Guest at the #5thIndianScreenwritersConference (ISC) organized by Screenwriters Association #JohnsonThomas #LoudspeakerMedia #MauliSingh
#Aasra tied up with #NMIMSCollege #IET for the #MPSTME #HackNCode Event #MentalHealthWeek #JohnsonThomas
#AshwinSanghi launched the trailer of the much awaited #KeepersOfTheKalachakra with #SonaliBendre at #TimesLiteratureFestival #JohnsonThomas #NareshBhandari #MoesArt
#EMCOFoundation tries to make a difference in the life of Municipal School Students #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow #CSR
#ErosInternational signs four film co-production deal with #DrishyamFilms #JohnsonThomas #LoudspeakerMedia
#HarperCollin's #HemaMaliniBeyondTheDreamgirl - an authorized biography written by #RamKamalMukherjee
#HollywoodInternationalCineFest announced its winners for 2017; in a rare feat Indian film makers win Best Feature (English) and Best Feature (Foreign) #ZackZublena #JohnsonThomas
#KASHISH2015 gets a much needed financial boost from #AnupamKher's '#ActorPrepares' #TrendingNow #JohnsonThomas
#MatthieuRicard said “Our mind is our best friend and also our worst enemy” At #IndiaTodayConclave2018 #JohnsonThomas #DimpleJainChhatriwala #CrosshairsCommunications
#PallaviBharti to play a cameo in &TV's #MitegiLakshmanrekha #JohnsonThomas #MediaMonster #VipulSipani
#SergioGSánchez’s acclaims #GeorgeMackay as one of the most ardent actors he has worked with #JohnsonThomas #ThinkinkCommunications
#SPECTRE is now coming to cinemas here in India on November 20 #AnjaliMalhotra #SonyPictures #JohnsonThomas #DanielCraig #JamesBonnd
#Viacom18MotionPictures announces its first Marathi film of 2018 – ‘#AaplaManus’ #JohnsonThomas #SarfarazHussain
#VinduDaraSingh held a ‘premiere show of his play #GolmaalThe play #RangSharda #JohnsonThomas #ParulChawla #PictureNKraft
#WillSmith posts the first image from the sets of his latest film ‘#GEMINIMAN’ #JohnsonThomas #ParamountPictures #SarfarazHussainMerchant
147 films from 45 countries to screen at 8th KASHISH Mumbai International Queer Film Festival #JohnsonThomas
15th Mumbai Film Festival to feature 29 French films and “ 6th Rendez-vo-us with French Cinema ” Johnson Thomas
15th Madurai International Documentary and Short Film Festival will be conducted in Madurai on 6-10 December 2013.
17th Jio MAMI Mumbai Film Festival with STAR India Announces its Stellar Program Line-Up #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
2nd Trailer launch of #AnuragKashyap's '#BombayVelvet' was a showier affair than the first #VijaySingh #FoxStarFilms #SpicePR
457 Billion by 2016: FICCI-KPMG report Industry Achieves 12 per cent Growth in 2011; is projected to Grow
95-year-old Kathak Queen Sitara Devi choreographs fusion promo track with granddaughter Rishika Mishra for Hollywood film Love & Passion
A film(Ya Rab) that strikes a Big Blow against Intolerance celebrates it's unorthodox staying power in the cinemas
Aamir Khan and Kingdom of Dreams take lead to become first time collectors from film world.at the first ever OsianCinefan Film Festival Auction of Indian Cinema Memorabilia
Abhimanyu Singh fulfils his lifetime dream of working with Sridevi in Boney Kapoor's MOM as main Villian opposite her #JohnsonThomas
Actor Prashantt Guptha and Miss World Manushi Chhillar celebrated International Women’s Day in New York #JohnsonThomas
Adult Star Shanti Dynamite and actor Ajaz Khan unveils the first look of the movie ‘I Love Dubai’ #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
AF de Bombay presents : Astrophotography Exhibition - From 13th to 20th February - Nehru Science Centre
Afghanistan-born Arshi Khan to play Aurangzeb's wife in India's first 4D Bollywood film Johnson Thomas
African broadcasting stakeholders meet at CTO’s ninth regional forum on digital broadcasting switchover
Arnold and Sylvester come together for Escape Plan The film is being released in India by PVR Pictures on the 18th of October
Ashvin Kumar wins National Award for Inshallah Football from the Vice President of India Mr.Hamid Ansari Johnson Thomas
Awake: The Life of Yogananda to release in India on June 17 #JohnsonThomas #MauliSingh #LoudspeakerMedia
Award winner documentary MISS TIBET: BEAUTY IN EXILE to have its India premiere at All Lights India International Film Festival held in Kochi on November 16 #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Baawre Prem He- The second Marathi feature of Ajay Kishor Naik had it's Music released by Singer Shaan with a lot of fanfare and bonhomie
Bigg Boss winner #ShilpaShinde teams once again with #SalmanKhan for her Fan's #SanjaySharmaRaj #KhazanaVision
Bollywood actress Neha Dhupia at MCHI CREDAI’s 22nd Real Estate and Housing Finance Exhibition in Mumbai this evening. Johnson Thomas
Bollywood Martial Arts Trainer Chitah Yagnesh Shetty wants entry into Guinness Book of World Records
Bombay stock exchange[BSEI] in association with Eduheal Foundation[EHF] is on a look out for the brightest of financial minds from the Indian schools. #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
but not anti-industry : Jairam Ramesh Minister seeks cooperation of state governments in better implementation
Canada to help India turn ideas into enterprises; Governor-General David Johnston inaugurates accelerator facility at BSE Johnson Thomas
Carat Fresh Entertainment facilitates successful association between “Gunday” Merchandise and Bewakoof.com
CCI urges film bodies and trade associations to impose self-regulatory do’s and don’ts to align business practices with tenets of competition
Centenary Birth Celebrations of Dr. Trimbak Krishna Tope was held at the Mumbai University Convocation Hall on the 28th of February at 5:30 PM.
Centre assures Maharashtra of all he help to face low-rainfall situation. Plans to open new farm institutions to support long-term growth of agriculture
Centre of Excellence in Indian & Western Music song release and performance by Tribal kids from Meghalaya/Garo Hills #ShubhoShekharBhattacharjee #BloomingdalePR #JohnsonThomas
Chandrasekhar Reddy's award-winning docu-feature ‘Fireflies in the Abyss’ to release across India on July 1 #JohnsonThomas #MauliSingh #LoudspeakerMedia
Chandrasekhar Reddy's docu-feature 'Fireflies in the Abyss' is the only Indian docu-feature selected at the prestigious 2016 Hot Docs
Channel V to launch ‘Gumrah - End of innocence’ Season 4 with actor Abhay Deol as host #JohnsonThomas
Choreographer turned director Nikky Batra’s first film ‘Khan Gali’ on Kinnars's in Bilasa Film Festival #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Christian Council Appeals State Government to Look into the Challenges Faced by the Christian Minorities* Johnson Thomas
Cine Corner by WIFT India and Anurag Kashyap join hands to host the India premiere of “The World before Her”
CINEPLAY CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY WITH MONTH-LONG CINEPLAY FESTIVAL’15 ACT 1 February 27th - March 22nd
Civil society has its day at the Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation Forum 2015 #JohnsonThomas
Comic Con India brings mingled fun of Movies and Comics to fans with 2nd Edition of Mumbai Film & Comics Convention
Conference on Reviving Investments : Imperatives of Project Clearance 5th March 2014: Sovereign Hall 1
Country club of india’s 8th edition of Asia's Biggest New Year Bash 2014 had sparkling performances by Bollywood artists across India & Middle East
Creating and developing characters critical aspect of film franchise: Abhishek Bachchan 'Make a franchise to tell a story
CTO Forum opens with a large turnout as Secretary-General Elect Shola Taylor takes oath of office #JohnsonThomas
Dadasaheb Phalke Chitranagari is getting Nine Marathi Films to Film Bazaar 2015 SandeepSawant to showcase his new film at the NFDC Film Bazaar 2015 #JohnsonThomas #trendingNow
Dekh Tamasha Dekh- Satish Kaushik pitches a social and political satire based on a true incident. Johnson Thomas
Dibakar Banerjee will soon be launching a new trailer of the film co-produced by Yash Raj Films #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Digital Media and Print Sector will continue to co-exist Newspapers need to rethink strategy to keep pace with digital platform #FICCIFRAMES #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Directed by Academy Award winner Tom Hooper Danish Girl will be the mid fest film #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Director Sammir I Patel’s short film ‘p f a: Love Mom and Dad’ received praise at prestigious film festivals #SanjaySharmaRaj #JohnsonThomas #KhazanaVision
Director Sandeep Mohan’s Hola Venky successfully premiered “Online” across 110 countries! #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Discussion on immense opportunities offered by Asian Independent cinema in Knowledge Series #FilmBazaar at #IFFI2017 #JohnsonThomas #MauliSingh #LoudspeakerMedia
DS Production’s “ Dil Toh Dewaana Hai” directed by Raja Bundela is set to release on Friday 27th May 2016 #JohnsonThomas
e Features of Drishyam Films made it to Busan ~ Drishyam Films' maiden foreign language production BLACK HORSE MEMORIES in competition #JohnsonThomas
Eros International teams up with 17th Jio MAMI Mumbai Film Festival as Knowledge Partner #JohnsonThomas #trendingNow
Eros International’s Trinity Pictures to hold a recruitment workshop for writers at 17th Jio MAMI Mumbai Film Festival #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Esha Deol and Bharat Takhtani 'SANGEET' was a firecracker extravaganza with their close friends and relatives.
European Critics Award winner for debut film at the Venice Film Festival and two National awards is releasing
Fans were seen all excited enjoying the fantasy world of comics on day 1 of Mumbai Film and Comics Convention Johnson Thomas
Film enthusiasts bond with #Piku Director #ShoojitSircar over chai and bun muska at #PoeticLicense' latest workshop held at the #IraniCafe #CafeExcelsior #RiteshBatra
First look trailer of the ANGRY BIRDS movie based on the super hit games of the same name #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Fox Star Studios & A R Murugadoss’ RAJA RANI to release worldwide on 27th September 2013 Johnson Thomas
Gandhiji : The Fuller-Full Life of a Mahatma (as part of Jashn-Osianama) at Osianama at Tao (Opening 26th Sept.) & Osianama at Liberty (Opening 30th Sept.) #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Get set to meet the legend as ‘PELÉ: Birth of a Legend’ hits screens on May 13 #JohnsonThomas #ParullGossain
Guajarati film superstar Rajdeep’s first hindi feature film ‘Yeh Kaisi Hai Aashiqui’ to release on 19th August #JohnsonThomas #SanjaySharmaRaj #Rajdeep
High-street retailer Splash and Bollywood heart-throb Salman Khan come together to celebrate fashion
Hollywood actress Maitland Ward’s sexy topless Xmas shoot for IndyaNewz.com – says she is thrilled to be coming to India
Hollywood director Wolfe replicates 15-story-high Prague Castle for Love & Passion film sets near Mumbai
Hollywood International CineFest announced its lineup for 2018: Two Indian Films Compete for Top Honors #JohnsonThomas #ZackZublena
Homebuyers who have invested crores in unfinished projects of #Unitech are going to protest at #PMO on Sunday the 11th March 2018 at 11.30 am #JohnsonThomas
HOT news off the shelf- Latest video shot by Sunny Leone for an Indian brand called Besharam. #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
ICANN to present the developmental impact of the Internet to Commonwealth policymakers in September #trendingNow #JohnsonThomas
IFFI 2015 to showcase works of Dadasaheb Phalke Award winner Shashi Kapoor #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
IIFL Housing Finance (“IIFL HFC”) appoints Mr. S Sridhar as Chairman and Mr. Kranti Sinha as Independent Director
Income Tax Department sets up 24 x 7 monitoring cell in Mumbai to check use of black money in elections. Johnson Thomas
India’s first-ever Composers Lab to launch at the 15th Mumbai Film Festival It marks its birth in the 100th year of Indian Cinema
India’s Sridhar Rangayan in the first Global List of LGBT influencers Rangayan’s film Purple Skies to screen at festival in Pakistan #JohnsonThomas
Indian LGBT film wins National Award Sridhar Rangayan & LGBT community rejoice as ‘Breaking Free’ wins National Award for Best Editing #JohnsonThomas
Indian Merchants’ Chamber takes lead in instituting IMC IT Awards not just for industry but also for users Johnson Thomas
INSIDIOUS CHAPTER 2 has now been moved to 15 November and will be followed by BATTLE OF THE YEAR on 22 November.
is set to have its India premiere at the highly prestigious International Film Festival of Kerala #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Israeli Elections begin at Diplomatic Missions in India #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow #EmbassyOfIsrael
It's a wrap for #ShoojitSircar's #October starring #VarunDhawan & newbie #BanitaSandhu..#JohnsonThomas
Javed Akhtar along with Renowned Writer and Film Critic J. P. Chouksey launched Debashish Irengbam’s book ME
Jean Jacques Lemetre (music director of Le Theatre Du Soleil) to visit Kolkata bet 16th and 18th of January.'musical body' #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Johnny Depp plays a part time rogue and Gwyneth Paltrow his luscious blonde wife in the action comedy
Kanu Behl's Titli is the first Indian film to win Best First Foreign Film Prize by The French Syndicate of Cinema Critics #JohnsonThomas
KASHISH 2015 to feature 180 films from 44 countries Delegate Registrations Open for 6th edition of South Asia’s biggest LGBT film fest
Katiyabaaz/Powerless wins the Best Investigative Film at the 61st National Film Awards Johnson Thomas
Kohlapur to be new film shooting centre: Maharashtra CM Single window soon for film shooting in India: I and B Secretary 3-day FICCI FRAMES 2012 gets under way
LIVERPOOL is planning a very special 12 months to mark the biggest popular music phenomenon the world has ever seen. 2012 marks 50 years since The Beatles came together
M&E sector pins hope on rollout of GST in April 2016 to resolve its tax concerns #FICCIFRAMES #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
M2WRAI: 30 to 45 per cent of Motorbike Spares and Accessories or 2 in 6 Products Sold in India are fake #JohnsonThomas
Maharashtra gets its 6th Tiger Reserve ; Bor Wildlife Sanctuary in Wardha notified for tiger conservation
Manav Kaul and Saurabh Shukla become partners to make the remake of cult film Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyun Aata Hai.#johnsonThomas #trendingNow
Mary Kom song release function was a long drawn affair much like Producer Sanjay Leela Bhansali's films
Masaan gets a standing ovation at the film's first public screening for the Indian audience in Ahmedabad #JohnsonThomas #trendingNow
MAX & MAX2 to simulcast the classic romantic movie on 12th December at 8pm to celebrate 1000 weeks of its successful run
MIFF 2012 opens in Mumbai with a package of 101 best documentary and short films; Environmental film maker Mike Pandey honoured with V Shantaram Life time Achievement Award ;
MIFF 2014 opens with the screening of rare films of British Era; Anand Patwardhan gets V Shantaram Life Time Achievement Award
MIFF 2016 Documentary Film Awards presented Manipuri film ‘Phum Shang’ wins Golden Conch ; 'My Name is Salt' and 'Placebo' adjudged best feature length documentaries
Milind Deora and Johny Lever attend the all India premiere of Hollywood film 'Son Of God' released by Jesus Calls Ministry in India on April 25
Ministry of environment gives in-principle approval for the Chhatrapati Shivaji Memorial in the Arabian Sea
MPAA Chairman and CEO Chris Dodd to visit India to deliver inaugural keynote address at India’s FICCI Frames
Mrs Mukta Ghai launches the new state of art Multiplex Sun City Mukta A2 Cinema #VijetaSingh #JohnsonThomas
MUMBAI FILM FESTIVAL 2015 UNVEILED MAMI's 17th Mumbai Film Festival will be held from October 29th- November 5th 2015 #TrendingNow #JohnsonThomas
Mumbai International Film Festival competition films to be screened in 7 other cities as well ; Additional screening in Suburban Mumbai
Mumbai Women’sInternational Film Festival (MWIFF) launches a Social campaign and film Category ‘City for Women’ #JohnsonThomas
Mumbai’s much awaited ‘22nd Real Estate & Housing Finance Exhibition’ Begins ~ Organised from 17th – 20th October with over 120 participating builders & developers ~ Johnson Thomas
Mumbai’s Shame: How undernutrition and poor sanitation are stunting the growth of children in Mumbai’s structured and unstructured slums
National Award winning Marathi film actor girish kulkarni gets felicitated by stalwarts from the Kerala film indiustry
National Centre of Excellence and film facilitation office for media and Entertainment industry in the offing: Ravi Shankar Prasad 17th edition of FICCI FRAMES gets under way #JohnsonThomas
Need for entrepreneurship and innovative ventures to fuel growth of media & entertainment sector; Finding investors for distribution easier than for content
NFDC India announces the six selected projects of its first Children's Screenwriter's Lab introduced this year #JohnsonThomas
NFDC India welcomed the first rain shower in Mumbai by distributing colourful umbrellas to the school kids at the special screening of 20 Mhanje 20
NFDC’s ISLAND CITY directed by Ruchika Oberoi wins FEDEORA award for the Best Young Director #JohnsonThomas
NFDC’s Island City makes its world premiere to a packed house at the 72nd Venice Film Festival #JhnsonThomas
Nisha Sharma shoots with designer Randell Gomes' khadi Sari and Anarkali collection on Gandhi Jayanti
organised a Fukrey party especially for all the students who have got 2nd Division in their board examination.
Osianama at Liberty : Opening Daily from 18th September 2015 with Adoor Gopalakrishnan's Retrospective & Gandhiji : The Fuller-Full Life of a Mahatma #JohnsonThomas
Parle Products launches its new Ad Campaign for ‘Kaccha Mango Bite’ ~ Amitabh Bachchan on board as Brand Ambassador ~
Parle Products Ltd. ties-up with the 11th Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon ~ Parle Products will be the exclusive Refreshment providers at India’s biggest marathon ~Johnson Thomas
pictures of celebrities who attended the special Screening of Titli held on October 28. #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Playwright and author Khalid Mohammed 's book 'Two Mothers and other stories ' launched on 5th April 2012 at TRYST
Please find enclosed pictures of celebrities who attended the special Screening of Titli held on October 29. #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Point Break gets the biggest trailer launch for a Hollywood film in India Trailer in theaters on 20th November! #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
President Mukherjee stresses on nuclear power as a reliable source of clean energy; asks Scientists to allay fears and misconceptions
President Pranab Mukherjee recalls the contribution of Zoroastrian Community to the country’s development
President Pranab Mukherjee to inaugurate CHEMCON 2013 and World Zoroastrian Congress in Mumbai on December 27.
Prestigious Felicitation and Gujarati entertainment industry unites for the one of its kind tradition At 13th Annual Trans media Screen & Stage Award-2013
Prime Minister calls for increased efforts to channelize savings into productive investments.Johnson Thomas
Priyanka Khurana Goyal supports Cancer patients by walking the ramp for Shaina NC and Manish Malhotra #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Prize at MIFF has its own special value- Jury Member National Jury meets the Press #JohnsonThomas #AudriusStonys #UmaDCunha #BijuDhanapalan #MIFF2016 #PIB #ManishDesai
PVR to acquire DT Cinemas for Rs 500 Cr & Da Vinci Media in JV with Raghav Bahl for channel launch #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Quality of feature length documentary films at MIFF 2016 is top notch says Jury member #JesperAnderson #GitanjaliRao #DonAskarian #PIB #ManishDesai
Raam Reddy's Thithi is selected for all three top categories in the prestigious Asia New Talent Awards in the 19th Shanghai International Film Festival in China #JohnsonThomas #LoudspeakerMedia
Raghubir Yadav shakes his leg with co-stars at the music launch event of upcoming Hindi film 'Meinu Ek Ladji Chahiye' Johnson Thomas
Rainbow Hospital announces Superstar Mahesh Babu as their Goodwill Ambassador #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Raj Amit kumar's 'Unfreedom' is all set to release in North American theatres and also on digital channels via Film Buff #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala acquires stake in Nazara Technologies for approximately Rs. 180 crore #KarinaDua #Adfactors #JohnsonThomas
Reliance's initial investment in jio is Rs -150000cr says Mukesh Ambani - At FICCI FRAMES #JohnsonThomas
Sachin Pilgaonkar and Ravi Jadhav to be felicitated at the 1st edition of Navi Mumbai International Film Festival (NMIFF) Johnson Thomas
Sachin Tendulkar displaying his treasured personal belongings to Director James Erskine during the shoot of his Docu-Feature film.
Sandeep Mohan Takes to Online Medium in This Day and Age of Booming Technology #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan met Kapil Dev as part of the promotional exercise of his soon to be released film 1983
Schedule for General Election to the Legislative Assemblies of Haryana and Maharashtra and bye-elections to the Parliamentary/Assembly Constituencies of various States
Secretary-General Shola Taylor calls on African countries to meet their obligations for digital switchover #JohnsonThomas
Shriram City Union Finance NCD Issue opens November 25 Effective Yields ranging from 12.27% pa to 14.46% pa
Single Window Service for film shooting to become operational shortly – Manish Tewari. Johnson Thomas
Sony Pictures has Halloween covered with GOOSEBUMPS (which stands at #1 at the US Box Office) on Oct 30 and HOTEL TRANSYLVANIA 2 now scheduled to release on Nov 6. #johnsonThomas #TrendingNow
South Superstar Daggubati Venkatesh and Bahubali star Rana Daggubati at the screening of Raam Reddy's Thithi
Spain’s official Oscar Entry ‘Blancanieves’ announced as the Closing Film of the 14th Mumbai Film Festival
Special Premiere of Marathi film “Chandi” based on the celebrated works of P L Deshpande to be held.Johnson Thomas
Speech of Finance Minister P Chidambaram at the inauguration of Bharatiya Mahila Bank in Mumbai on November 19
Splash unveiled the TVC featuring the heart-throb in the season’s key trends.The Campaign is exclusive to the Middle East.
Sriram Raghavan's Raman Raghav to be screened followed by a Master Class by the director #JohnsonThomas #trendingNow
STAR MOVIES to telecast the double première of ‘LIFE OF PI’ On Sunday October 27 at 1 pm with a repeat at 9 pm
START UP iNDIA 2016 : Annual Meet of Entrepreneurs and Innovators by ASSOCHAM Speech By Ambassador Daniel Carmon #JohnsonThomas
Sufi singer Samarjeet Randhawa shot her first music video Ruh Di Fakiri at Madh Island. #HimanshuJhynjhunwala #JohnsonThomas
SUN TV Network partners with HOOQ platform for delivery of movies of their premium VOD service #JohnsonThomas
Superstar Amitabh Bachchan unveils new learning management system platform Robomate+ powered by MT Educare to change the way students will study across the world #JohnsonThomas
Tata DOCOMO’s Project ‘Optimus’ awarded the 2014 QualTech Prize for Sustainability Achieves carbon footprint reduction across 10
The 13th Annual New York Korean Film Festival Announces Upcoming Program for November 6th to November 11th
the debutant director Raam Reddy gets felicitated by Honorable CM of Karnatake Sri Siddaramaiah on returning to his hometown Bangalore #JohnsonThomas
The Fascinating Global Journey & interesting facts about the Indian "1 Rupee" note since its launch from 30/11/1917 to 30/11/2017 across its 100 years of tenure.. #JohnsonThomas #VevekKotian
The first international trailer of THE 5TH WAVE based on the bestselling books. #JohnsonThomas #AnjaliMalhotra #SonyPictures
The first short animation film on awareness of "Right to Information" ( RTI) tilted " Chakravyuh " ( The Vicious Circle ).
The first song of #SudhirMishra’s #DaasDev crooned by #AtifAslam launched #JohnsonThomas #MauliSingh #LoudspeakerMedia
The IIFA Collection by Vikram Phadnis for Vishal Fashions that was showcased at IIFA Rocks on the 24th April 2014
The Indipop Sensation of the 90’s -2000’s - A Band of Boys are back with their brand new video single ‘Yuhin Jalne Ko’ #JohnsonThomas
The Ishara International Puppet Festival is delighted to celebrate its 12th anniversary in 2014 across Delhi
the latest film from Joel and Ethan Coen starring Justin Timberlake and Carey Mulliganalongside Oscar Isaac
The second edition of Mumbai Women's International Film festival (MWIFF)- Iwill be held in Mumbai from 6th to 13th December 2014. #TrendingNoiw #JohnsonThomas
THE SMURFS 2 - trailer launch + SAB TV's Taarak Mehta cast members are Smurfs India Ambassadors! Johnson Thomas
THE SMURFSTM TO DANCE TO INDIAN TUNE Sony Music to release the official soundtrack featuring India’s viral sensation Adhi along with the popular Indian Idol Junior singers!
The Vertiginous cinematic experience from Robert Zemeckis to hit the theatres on 7th Oct. #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
This Holi MAX 2 spreads the colours of Hindi Cinema special line up of movies for Holi on March 6th #JohnsonThomas #TrendingNow
The sword for fighting in armour should have the form as written below, thus: it should be of a length to come with the pommel under the arm, sharpened four fingers from the point. It’s handle should be of a span. The crossguard should be as long as the handle of the sword. And it should be pointed on every side. And similarly, the pommel should be pointed, so that you can strike with any of these parts.
2148 great hunting lodges of north america wingshootings finest destinations no short description great hunting lodges of north america wingshootings finest destinations because this is pdf file * PDF *
2149 sales rep training manual no short description sales rep training manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2152 flea flicker essays on family marriage and youth sports no short description flea flicker essays on family marriage and youth sports because this is pdf file * PDF *
2154 register how reason almost lost mind no short description register how reason almost lost mind because this is pdf file * PDF *
2155 rick durrett probability theory and examples solutions no short description rick durrett probability theory and examples solutions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2162 respect through the eyes of children no short description respect through the eyes of children because this is pdf file * PDF *
2163 Haunted London Underground by David Brandon no short description Haunted London Underground by David Brandon because this is pdf file * PDF *
2165 the city that became safe new yorks lessons for urban crime and its control studies in crime and public policy no short description the city that became safe new yorks lessons for urban crime and its control studies in crime and public policy because this is pdf file * PDF *
2177 how to rebuild small block chevy no short description how to rebuild small block chevy because this is pdf file * PDF *
2182 seals lost dream lost and found no short description seals lost dream lost and found because this is pdf file * PDF *
2185 harry potter and the sorcerers stone book 1 a summary of the novel the summary guy harry potter no short description harry potter and the sorcerers stone book 1 a summary of the novel the summary guy harry potter because this is pdf file * PDF *
2191 salman khan criyng picture in bhar do jholi no short description salman khan criyng picture in bhar do jholi because this is pdf file * PDF *
2195 golf nuts youve got to be committed no short description golf nuts youve got to be committed because this is pdf file * PDF *
2201 kinroad motorcycle manual no short description kinroad motorcycle manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2202 The Accident by Chris Pavone no short description The Accident by Chris Pavone because this is pdf file * PDF *
2207 save big money with the exclusive step by step guide to basic diy car repairs maintenance no short description save big money with the exclusive step by step guide to basic diy car repairs maintenance because this is pdf file * PDF *
2212 fifty contemporary choreographers no short description fifty contemporary choreographers because this is pdf file * PDF *
2213 financial institution directors liabilities responsibilities no short description financial institution directors liabilities responsibilities because this is pdf file * PDF *
2219 library of dysfunctional workplace theory stories practice no short description library of dysfunctional workplace theory stories practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
2223 surface acoustic wave filters second edition with applications to electronic communications and signal processing studies in electrical and electronic engineering no short description surface acoustic wave filters second edition with applications to electronic communications and signal processing studies in electrical and electronic engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
2228 math makes sense 9 workbook answers no short description math makes sense 9 workbook answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
2229 in other words incarnational translation for preaching no short description in other words incarnational translation for preaching because this is pdf file * PDF *
2235 in flight with sixth grade social studies teachers edition no short description in flight with sixth grade social studies teachers edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2239 health care systems of the developed world how the united states system remains an outlier no short description health care systems of the developed world how the united states system remains an outlier because this is pdf file * PDF *
2242 laboratory manual charles corwin 6th edition no short description laboratory manual charles corwin 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2246 animal senses how animals see hear taste smell and feel animal behavior no short description animal senses how animals see hear taste smell and feel animal behavior because this is pdf file * PDF *
2252 training manual for beckoff plc controller no short description training manual for beckoff plc controller because this is pdf file * PDF *
2255 founding brothers the revolutionary generation lesson plans no short description founding brothers the revolutionary generation lesson plans because this is pdf file * PDF *
2258 20 easy knitted blankets and throws from the staff at martingale no short description 20 easy knitted blankets and throws from the staff at martingale because this is pdf file * PDF *
2265 you wouldnt want to be a pirates prisoner horrible things youd rather not know you wouldnt want to no short description you wouldnt want to be a pirates prisoner horrible things youd rather not know you wouldnt want to because this is pdf file * PDF *
2272 al farabi founder of islamic neoplatonism his life works and influence great islamic thinkers no short description al farabi founder of islamic neoplatonism his life works and influence great islamic thinkers because this is pdf file * PDF *
2279 a highlander of her own daughters of the glen book 4 no short description a highlander of her own daughters of the glen book 4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2282 foundations of finance 8th edition solutions no short description foundations of finance 8th edition solutions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2283 manual pallet jack safety training procedure no short description manual pallet jack safety training procedure because this is pdf file * PDF *
2284 stomach ailments and digestive disturbances how you can benefit from diet vitamins minerals herbs exercise no short description stomach ailments and digestive disturbances how you can benefit from diet vitamins minerals herbs exercise because this is pdf file * PDF *
This picture has been published by in birch trees peel and stick wallpaper, wallpopsr nuwallpapertm birch tree peel and stick wallpaper tag. You can explore additional helpful posts in home interior design category.
Francis and Willow met in third grade and became very good friends immediately. After college they saw an advertisement for the local Police Force seeking employees. They both decided to apply as a lark, and the rest is history.
The two heroines are employed by the English Police Force and the opportunity arises for the ladies to travel to America. Their assignment is to locate a Dr. Gaile Morton who lives in the Village of Porter Field in Porter County. Doctor Morton wants to start a detective business which is unusual work for a woman in the early 1950’s.
The two ladies travel on the ship The Royal Victorian Rose to reach America. While on board the ship they plan their cover as cleaning specialists. They create a motto: “We Clean Up More Than Just Dirt”. They also create their outfits for cleaning, and they figure out the process to use in cleaning a home.
After they arrive at Ellis Island, they enter America, and the two heroines are finally travelling to their destination.
The ladies soon connect with Dr. Gaile Morton. Francis and Willow observe various odd and unusual things happening at certain client’s homes. A dead body disappearing from a bath tub,sliding doors hidden in a wall, a water pitcher breaking apart in a closed room, and frankly, some of the clients are rather unique in appearance.
The ladies must keep “THE WHISPERED PROMISE” to their boss SGT Major Doyle FitzWilliams and the Police Force, as they solve the strange happenings in book one of THE CLEANING CHRONICLES.
The Outsider When an eleven-year-old boy is found murdered in a town park, reliable eyewitnesses undeniably point to the town's popular Little League coach, Terry Maitland, as the culprit. DNA evidence and fingerprints confirm the crime was committed by this well-loved family man.
Horrified by the brutal killing, Detective Ralph Anderson, whose own son was once coached by Maitland, orders the suspect to be arrested in a public spectacle. But Maitland has an alibi. And further research confirms he was indeed out of town that day.
As Anderson and the District Attorney trace the clues, the investigation expands from Ohio to Texas. And as horrifying answers begin to emerge, so King's propulsive story of almost unbearable suspense kicks into high gear.
Terry Maitland seems like a nice guy but there is one rock-hard fact, as unassailable as gravity: a man cannot be in two places at the same time. Can he?
Loved it!! Good to have Ms Holly Gibney back! I do hope that she pops up again in the future.... Avidly awaiting next book in September 😊
This book had me hooked through the majority! towards the end it got predictable and was really anti-climatic! slightly disappointed.
As usual Stephen makes you feel like you know the characters personally. I feel like I should have Ralph and Holly’s numbers on my phone. Another gripping story to the end.
As always, Mr Kings storytelling is mind blowing. The depth into each character is so detailed and I find myself marvelling time and again at the details that most authors wouldn’t even consider and yet they add to the realism. This is why it’s so hard to do justice to Kings books through film.
Brilliant! Couldn’t put this one down, another King classic, good amount of humour to lighten the load too!
MORE is a topic of discussion for the group , to meet friends to AC group among topics ( posts / thematic ) . Help us to understand the same interests strangers , to establish social connections based on interest in the software .
Method: After installing the application group, the group number to join the search, concerned about the group, ready access to the latest developments.
At MoreForum,we have a large community ready to help you get your forum off the ground,even if you have very little web experience!
Komunicirajte samo putem Airbnba · Kako biste zaštitili svoje plaćanje, nikad nemojte vršiti novčane transakcije ni komunicirati izvan Airbnbove stranice ili aplikacije.
The Dublin Landmark Series includes three well known buildings in Dublin Ireland including The Ha’penny Bridge, The Pigeon House and The Campanile.
Residing for the past thirty years in the Humber River Valley, within sight of the McMichael Gallery – that quintessential Thomson shrine – and canoeing a sizeable portion of Algonquin Park, has been more than slightly conducive to a close study of the works of Tom Thomson.
And, besides having an active personal interest in the artistic creative process, I have been inspired by my late sister Pat Garratt, who was an art historian (University of Guelph). We often talked about Thomson, and art in general. Pat noted that the life of a work of art could effectively come to an untimely end, once hung on a gallery wall. Her point was that art is at least a three-way mystery, dependent upon a viewer bringing new life, new wonder, and new love to the table.
The art of Tom Thomson is refreshed by each viewer who is surprised, often repeatedly, by the strength of communication that can occur in proportion to the depth and authenticity with which artist and viewer has/had contact with the third party – the ‘outer world’ – in this case Algonquin Park.
The loss or other unforeseeable diminution (aesthetic devaluation through undue veneration of urban environments and issues in some looming dystopia?) of Algonquin Park, would thus lead to an impoverishment of Thomson’s art. It would become more of a lonely academic exercise – humans speaking to humans.
Tom Thomson’s muse is certainly found in the Park. And he was undoubtedly predisposed psychologically to ‘be creative.’ His questing, restless ‘aloneness,’ and the temper of the times would have impelled him toward some kind of expression.
Yet many other people, aspiring artists included, have found themselves in similar straits, and have come up empty-handed.
What Tom Thomson had in spades – besides a little talent and luck – was willpower. The ‘will,’ with respect to human artistic creative process, is essentially mysterious, hidden within an individual’s invisible labyrinth. It enabled Tom to channel his energies in new, creative ways with successful, positive results within his allotted time.
I’ve already detailed some of Tom’s everyday gear and procedures. Within that context, it’s appropriate to look more closely at his painterly methods.
It’s immediately noticeable that Thomson liked the ‘shoulder seasons’ best. Earliest spring and late autumn reflected his palette and temperament. These times present obvious challenges to the outdoor artist.
In a recent spring (early May, 2016) we camped and canoed for a few days in Algonquin Park. Although the weather was pleasant and almost bug-free (it’s an art in itself to beat the black-fly hatch-out, usually second week in May), the chill air and water made us wonder how Thomson was able to paint in similar conditions. Exposed fingers quickly were numbed; small-motor muscle control and dexterity were impaired by the chill. To have picked up a brush, let alone focus on painting, would have distracted from the simpler concern of trying to keep hands warm.
Similarly on late fall Algonquin canoe trips, a pair of high-tech neoprene gloves seems appropriate to ward off the chill.
It’s wonderful how he could create these sketches amid the oft-choatic conditions of a rough wilderness camp, not to mention hand-numbing environmental conditions.
I would assert, too, that these ‘sketches’ were not quickly dashed-off in moments of bright inspiration. Rather, they are the products of prolonged and intense observation. Tips of icebergs, so-to-speak. Results of hours and days of collar-up, hand-numbing, dogged, apparently passive observation and experience, mysterious and unfathomable to the ‘normal’ uninitiate.
This entry was posted in Algonquin Park stewardship, Canoes, Canoeing, Wilderness Travel, outdoor art, plein air art, Tom Thomson, Algonquin Park, Canadian Art and tagged @TTLastSpring, Algonquin Park, Group of Seven, Tom Thomson, Wilderness Artist on November 5, 2016 by James E Garratt.
It can be succinctly stated that Tom Thomson, in his five or so years of seasonal residency in the Park, visited most of Algonquin’s approximate 3,000 square-miles via canoe or on foot. He paddled the lakes, rivers, creeks, wetlands in all their variety, and hiked the portages and look-out trails.
He did not arrive there as a greenhorn, but with extensive on-the-water experience from his youthful years growing up on the shore of a Great Lake. ‘Messin’ with boats’ is something he learned early in life (particularly small sailboats). By the time he first visited Algonquin in 1912, he’d already developed a tough-minded artistic sensibility that would see him through inevitable rough times.
Tom did venture beyond the Park’s boundaries. For instance, we know he regularly canoed to the village of South River – a challenging trip through the full spectrum of Algonquin land and water – to obtain artist’s supplies.
In 1912, with typical youthful bravado, he and William Broadhead embarked on a major canoe expedition down the Mississagi River in Northern Ontario.
However, Tom Thomson cleaved close to Algonquin Park thereafter (not withstanding a little mid-life restlessness). And I believe the Park would’ve stood him in good stead through the rest of a long life – if such had been his lot. For, truth be told, few places on Earth can match Algonquin as a canoeist’s destination and as a place allowing contact with natural wilderness and its wild inhabitants.
In addition to much of Algonquin, I have canoed Lake Superior’s North Shore, Pukaskwa, the White River, Temagami, the Cheepay and Albany rivers to James Bay, numerous smaller southern Ontario rivers in high-water conditions from headwaters to mouths (ie. Rouge, Humber, Credit…) and after a hiatus of about fifteen years during which I sailed the big waters of Lake Ontario, I returned to continue to explore Algonquin Park, now with my son Brant, and have found it to be largely unimpaired and unequalled.
True, other visitors will be encountered especially during peak seasons, but for me the Park’s human history and touch, add to its richness. There’s a lotta love gone by there. Let’s ‘feel that love.’
Those who seek remote isolation in ‘true’ wilderness often bank on the possibility of quick rescue if anything goes wrong, or are clients of some guided expedition. Too often, the extreme wilderness quest assumes the qualities of a recreational stunt. In all these cases, what is really experienced is faux wilderness.
The Park however is not scot-free of problems; some are long-standing issues that I believe Tom Thomson would’ve increasingly engaged with if he had lived longer.
*Increased visitation during certain times along with heightened expectations of ‘comfort.’ For instance, on recent October Thanksgiving weekends, cars were lined-up for almost thirty kilometres from the West Gate waiting to get in.
Throughout all these issues, the land, water, and natural life of Algonquin should provide objective criteria against which human desires are accommodated or discouraged. A consensus has long emerged that aims to grant primacy to non-human life in the Park. Often times this means people have to be excluded, their activities constrained.
For instance, I don’t believe ‘sport hunting’ should have any place in Algonquin Park (currently it does, in certain times and places). The possible presence of even one hunter in a huge area of land seriously degrades the potential experiences of the majority of other visitors (not to mention placing additional burdens on already stressed-out wildlife populations) .
With hunting comes a kind of mechanized invasion of the backcountry – ATVs, chainsaws, motorboats, snowmobiles, roadways (how else does one extract a thousand-pound moose carcass?) – a state of affairs commonplace everywhere in Ontario save for a few ‘protected areas.’
I believe that a non-consumptive, non-predator-prey, relationship with wild nature is as authentic as any, and am prepared to argue the case on any grounds.
Hunting aside, perhaps the best solution to most of these issues resides in expansion of the Park’s area – whether through creation of additional ‘satellite’ parks, increased buffer zones, or boundary extensions.
After more than three decades of working in parks and dealing with the public (no, not in Algonquin), I can say that the success of these special, more-or-less protected, areas depends upon enforcement of pertinent regulations. You can have all the high-falutin’ ideas in the world, but once word of lax enforcement gets ’round, a free-for-all soon ensues and it’s then difficult to win back control.
Of course, ideally, enforcement should be invisible and client-based. But we often do need to heed the ‘experts,’ and allow those closely attuned to the land to speak-up and point the way.
Tom Thomson, of course, was one who knew the spirit of Algonquin Park intimately, almost since its inception. He did not create that spirit, but helped reveal it – making it OK for people to publicly celebrate what they had already privately delighted in.
Today, anyone contemplating stewardship of Algonquin Park would do well to study Tom Thomson’s life and work (as well as indigenous Algonquin knowledge). His vision was that of a true, archetypical environmentalist.
This entry was posted in Algonquin Park stewardship, Canoes, Canoeing, Wilderness Travel, outdoor art, plein air art, Tom Thomson, Algonquin Park, Canadian Art and tagged Algonquin Park, Algonquin Park stewardship, Tom Thomson, Tom Thomson Canoeist, Wilderness Artist on September 18, 2016 by James E Garratt.
Before reviewing his canoeing / camping equipment and exploits, it’s best to touch on Canadian canoeing traditions to see where Tom Thomson fits.
The oldest canoe tradition is that bequeathed by Aboriginal Peoples. Modern Canadian canoes are but minor variants of the original birch-bark craft. These earliest canoes (dating from prehistory) functioned as tools of survival, providing transportation to seasonal territories for food-gathering etc. I trust, however, that their creators and first paddlers found much unexplainable joy when using these near-perfect craft.
As European settlers (‘colonizers’) arrived, they quickly adopted some of the Aboriginal tools of wilderness life, and the original survival value of canoe travel remained paramount. Personally, based upon my own experience with Native people, I feel that this initial transaction among Aboriginals and Europeans – the gift of the canoe – was a largely positive and voluntary one, both ways, at least between individuals.
Europeans did bring a more industrial and restless edge to canoe travel in North America. The canoe became even more of a workhorse, bringing timber surveyors (‘cruisers’), land surveyors, prospectors, and retail merchants deep into the wilderness. As villages became established, brigades of skilled canoeists (comprised often of Metis) continued to make extensive forays into the hinterlands. I believe that quite a few of these canoeists actually loved this arduous endeavor, and devoted their lives to it with fierce joy (‘Voyagers,’ etc).
This original utilitarian canoeing acquired recreational overtones as leisure-time became available. It morphed into the several sub-sets of activity that define ‘canoeing’ today.
Perhaps Calvin Rutstrum (1895-1982; in books such as “The New Way of the Wilderness,” 1958) best straddled the transition from survival-based canoeing to a more recreational focus. He, along with others such as Bill Riviere (d.2005; “Pole, Paddle, and Portage,” 1965) and Stewart Edward White (1873-1946; “The Forest,” 1903) introduced new generations of recreational canoeists to the old tried and true canoeing ethos, steeped in ‘workplace’ rigor.
This ‘canoeing as a workplace’ as taught by Rutstrum, stressed the ability to travel far, for long periods of time through all weather, into remote wilderness. Self-sufficency was paramount. If things went wrong, quick rescue was not anticipated. The canoeist eventually returned to ‘civilization’ with ‘the goods,’ – be it some personal achievement or something with more commercial flavour.
On the other side of the coin are the whitewater thrill-seekers and sport canoeists. Unlike the Rutstrum school of paddlers who largely view whitewater as an obstacle to avoid, today’s sport canoeists seek it out and make it the focus of their excursions. Perhaps Canadian author (ie. “Path of the Paddle,” 1980) and film-maker Bill Mason (1929-88) best exemplifies this newer school.
Technical whitewater paddling manoeuvres such as ‘back-ferry,’ ‘playing the eddies,’ etc. were not consciously practiced by the old-schoolers. Their main tactic, when forced to run rapids, was to paddle quickly forward to maintain steerage-way and thus dodge obstacles.
Of course,there are many nuances within the canoeing spectrum but I think it’s safe to say, without delving further into canoeing history, that Tom Thomson fits comfortably within the Rutstrum ‘workplace’ tradition of wilderness travel.
That’s not to say that Tom was a stranger to whitewater. For instance, in the summer of 1916 he worked as a fire-ranger with Ed Godin in Algonquin’s north and eastern areas; as Silcox writes:
“They travelled the Petawawa River… and Thomson again followed and painted part of the Booth Company’s timber drive along the Petawawa.” (p 58)
The Petawawa is known as a premier whitewater river, with all grades of rapids and lengthy, very challenging stretches. George Drought says the Petawawa: “continues to provide some of the best whitewater canoeing in the country” (“Petawawa River Whitewater Guide,” FOAP, 2013, p 6). It seems likely that Thomson was very familiar with and at least dappled in all of this river’s rapids.
But again, Tom’s intent was ‘workplace oriented,’ with his main focus on fire-ranging duties, or corralling subjects fit for his brushes.
This entry was posted in Algonquin Park stewardship, Canoes, Canoeing, Wilderness Travel, Tom Thomson, Algonquin Park, Canadian Art and tagged @TTLastSpring, Algonquin Park, Calvin Rutstrum, Canoeing traditions, Group of Seven, Thomson's Camping Gear, Tom Thomson, Tom Thomson Canoeist, Wilderness Artist on August 2, 2016 by James E Garratt.
PERSPECTIVES ON CANADIAN ARTIST TOM THOMSON (1877-1917), Tom the Canoeist, Part 1: The Issues (updated October 15, 2016)
Modern art critics and academics have fairly uniformly tended to downplay the ‘skilled woodsman’ aspect of Tom Thomson. They have apparently seen it as getting in the way of a true, demythologized evaluation of his art. Answering to egalitarian times, they have wanted to ‘normalize’ Tom as far as possible: His canoeing was ordinary; the wilderness he traveled, not so wild.
As an example I suggest reading Harold Town’s 1977 ‘Introduction’ to his major Thomson book, “The Silence and the Storm.” In that same book Town’s co-author, David Silcox, also makes disparaging remarks in a similar vein, though to a lesser degree. Very recently, Gregory Klages in his 2016 book “The Many Deaths of Tom Thomson,” continues the trend, somewhat muted, but with clear intent; he writes:
“Thomson has been characterized as a deft outdoorsman with natural skill at painting a uniquely distinctive Canadian environment that he knew well. This is the image that Thomson’s friends and supporters worked to advance after his death, and that was integral to the rise of his reputation. If Thomson died as a result of a canoeing accident on a calm lake in the middle of the day, this image would be significantly destabilized.” (pp 236-7).
Although I certainly agree with constructing a clear-eyed overview of Tom Thomson, from my perspective as a seasoned wilderness canoeist, I think it’s important to more closely investigate both the level of his bush skills and their relationship to the artistic achievements that flowed from them, rooted in his time and place.
By comparing wilderness canoe equipment/methods, circa Thomson’s time (early 1900’s), with modern gear and turning an experienced eye on Thomson’s on-the-water accomplishments, with consideration of Algonquin Park itself, a more grounded sense can be had of his woodsman’s expertise or lack thereof.
In the process of doing so, I have gained other insights, obliquely, into Tom Thomson’s life and art, and share these where appropriate within this Log.
Tom’s story continues to evolve – thanks partly to new efforts by on-line commentators such as @TTLastSpring.
I believe more insights, more material, and more truth is out there waiting to be had by those intent on finding it.
This entry was posted in Algonquin Park stewardship, Canoes, Canoeing, Wilderness Travel, Tom Thomson, Algonquin Park, Canadian Art and tagged @TTLastSpring, Algonquin Park, Group of Seven, Tom Thomson, Wilderness Artist on July 28, 2016 by James E Garratt.
“Poem to Algonquin Park” 125 Anniversary October, 2018 (free eBook until January 1, 2019). Part 2, “Into The Interior,” now available as an eBook
Three months ago I wrote my first blog about finding a retirement property for my parents. If you’ve been following my blog you know it’s been a rocky road. Here’s what happened when I finally got them to visit the properties I selected as their best choices.
Behind Door Number One is an enhanced-living retirement center. It falls on the assisted living end of the independent living spectrum. Three meals a day are included in the price, the apartments have kitchenette’s rather than full kitchens and the weekly flat linen service is supplemented by washers and dryers on every floor, not hookups in the individual apartments.
Door Number One suffered from a case of familiarity. Mom had been there before. She’d attended a luncheon in their dining room once and the apartment of a friend’s relative at another time. Who knows how long ago these visits actually occurred, but they were both long before she had ever considered living in a retirement property herself. Plan A for my parents had been to always stay in their own home. There was no Plan B.
When I visited the property with my husband, I saw it with fresh eyes. For one thing it had been completely redecorated since either of Mom’s visits. I visited a corner apartment surrounded by trees and felt like I was in a treehouse. I understood that it was a property devoted to easing my parent’s not-so golden years.
When I picked up Mom and Dad to make their visit, Dad was in his “I’m doing the best I can” mode and Mom was closed for business. I couldn’t get a read on her. Once at Door Number One I suggested that Dad stay downstairs while Mom and I took the tour. I was however overridden. They were ready to put Dad in a wheelchair, but they weren’t going to let him be left behind. I knew he didn’t want the wheelchair, but I knew he’d be worn out. I still think I was right. If their goal was to wear him out so he couldn’t visit the other properties we were considering, then they were successful.
Mom took it all in, but wasn’t showing her cards. About the only thing I could tell was that she thought the apartment was way too small, but anyone moving from a house to an apartment is going to suffer square footage shock. This wasn’t a deal breaker.
Finally, it was time for lunch – the acid test – and with no real kitchen in their apartment this test was more acid than any other. The nice Door Number One Salesman had offered to seat us with someone who lived there, but Mom didn’t want to play. Instead, she sat at the table and eagle-eyed the operation.
As we were seated, mom and dad were served coffee by one of the managers. In moments, a server offered us salads.
“No one has taken our food order,” Mom fretted. I reminded her that we were not familiar with their operation, so probably the ordering came later.
“Well the only place we’re really familiar with is Aunt Edie’s place, so give these guys a chance,” I countered. That seemed to work, for a few moments, but soon she was giving us a play by play of the salad servers and opining about the fact that we hadn’t been asked to order yet.
I picked up a program on the table and tried to engage them in the schedule of activities and menu choices available. Then one of the managers came over and checked on us. She smiled politely while he was there and as soon as he left, she hissed, “No one has taken our order, yet.”
Finally, someone took our order. “See Mom, they go ahead and give you beverages and salad before they take the entree orders. It all works out.” But it hadn’t worked out for her. She explained why her methodology was better.
Hoping for a more upbeat discussion, I asked Dad his opinion of the property. The answer, “It’s better than I thought it would be,” was not exactly monosyllabic, but it didn’t engender sparkling conversation either. I tried asking some other questions which were answered with shrugs.
Then Mom was ready to go. We hadn’t had dessert and there was one more apartment to see, but her alarm clock had gone off. See, she’d planned a few chores for me after the visit to the property and she was afraid if we stayed any longer, I wouldn’t get the tasks accomplished. I kept her in her seat until after we’d had dessert, but she wasn’t going to go back up and look at the other floor plan.
I took Dad home, ran Mom’s errands and did a few things around their house. I thought the property was a good fit for Mom and Dad, but they weren’t talking. Then I went home to gird up my loins for the visit to the next property. Join me next week for Door Number Two.
Blogging has been a journey for me. I started blogging because someone in a seminar told me that all writers should – three times a week. I took their advice.
I discovered my travel posts were my biggest draw and for me, writing about caregiving was more of a burden than a joy. But as a caregiver, I know there are a lot of folks out there looking for advise and encouragement as they travel their own caregiving paths. So, I moved my caregiving posts over to this blog, rather than leave them lost among the planes, trains and automobiles.
If you're here, I hope your caregiving is going well and something I've posted here is of value to you. After my mom's life was over, I was at a loss for awhile. I'd been out of the career mode for several years and needed a running start to pick up speed. I tried a little of this and a little of that and after a few years found my niche. I'm Senior Writer and Volunteer Coordinator for Global heart Ministries. I blog for them at http://globalheartministries.wordpress.com. Go take a look. You'll love what they do.
Thanks for dropping by. If you’d like to read more about me or by me, go to http://janesadek.wordpress.com or http://faithtalking.wordpress.com/about/.
Assisted Living Caregiving Continuing Care Facilities Estate Planning Estate Sales Family healthcare facilities Health Care Providers Hospice Independent Living Facilities Senior Citizens senior rehab facilities skilled nursing Time Management Uncategorized
After Clinton’s wins last night and flipping through some blogs this morning, I am concerned about a couple of things.
One…if BO should end up losing the nomination to HC, will his followers be able to cope with life afterwards?
There seems to be this pervasive feeling amongst Obama supporters that you are either with us or just shut the hell up…no criticism allowed.
For a candidate who is all about hope and change, he has a lot of supporters who are downright mean in his defense.
Think about this, all HC did last night was keep the wheels of her campaign from totally falling off. She is still behind in the big picture. I am sure her campaign will get a big boost from yesterday, but the race is BO’s to lose.
If one is mean in his defense, he does so in response to offense, no? Sort of goes with the territory, I suppose.
But ultimately, this “Obamapologist” (because we have to have labels) would be very distressed with a Clinton nomination. Simple as that. Could I “cope with life afterwards?” Sure I could. After all, I’ve coped with 8 years of Bush, haven’t I? And 8 years of Clinton before him? Fantastic. Let’s all “cope”.
Coping with what has been in the White House for the last 8 years has been difficult for all of us, but it is a lot different than what a loss by BO will cause Obamaphiles to go through and cope with.
I know. It’s an abomination that people should be fired up about a political candidate and want him to win. They should be pitied.
Byrdchives Select Month July 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) December 2017 (3) October 2017 (1) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (5) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (7) December 2015 (3) October 2015 (6) August 2015 (1) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (14) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (3) March 2014 (5) October 2013 (4) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (18) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (16) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (10) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (6) December 2011 (14) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (5) August 2011 (11) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (17) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (19) February 2011 (12) January 2011 (11) December 2010 (22) November 2010 (8) October 2010 (22) September 2010 (19) August 2010 (16) July 2010 (19) June 2010 (24) May 2010 (51) April 2010 (33) March 2010 (29) February 2010 (45) January 2010 (54) December 2009 (61) November 2009 (58) October 2009 (60) September 2009 (53) August 2009 (47) July 2009 (54) June 2009 (54) May 2009 (46) April 2009 (36) March 2009 (40) February 2009 (66) January 2009 (46) December 2008 (63) November 2008 (60) October 2008 (38) September 2008 (49) August 2008 (48) July 2008 (39) June 2008 (38) May 2008 (28) April 2008 (52) March 2008 (60) February 2008 (44) January 2008 (54) December 2007 (53) November 2007 (62) October 2007 (55) September 2007 (27) August 2007 (52) July 2007 (38) June 2007 (74) May 2007 (64) April 2007 (51) March 2007 (62) February 2007 (57) January 2007 (68) December 2006 (39) November 2006 (61) October 2006 (66) September 2006 (51) August 2006 (41) July 2006 (49) June 2006 (2) May 2006 (47) April 2006 (53) March 2006 (36) February 2006 (12) December 2005 (1) October 2005 (1) September 2005 (2) March 2005 (1) January 2005 (1) December 2004 (2) October 2004 (1) July 2004 (1) May 2004 (1) March 2004 (1)
The I-69 Thumb Region is rich in assets and opportunities. Covering seven counties in eastern Michigan, the region has a wide range of agricultural richness, manufacturing know-how and transportation resources. If it’s grown or created in the region or beyond we can transport it via rail, road, air or ship across the country and around the world.
The I-69 Thumb region includes Genesee, Huron, Lapeer, Sanilac, Shiawassee, St. Clair and Tuscola counties. Each county plays a unique role in making the region one of the most resource rich in the state. The region offers a low cost of living and an outstanding quality of life, which features miles of beaches, natural waterways, unique cities and towns, recreation and entertainment.
As one of ten Michigan regions, the I-69 Thumb region boasts a population of over 860,000 residents and a workforce of more than 395,000. Nine percent of the state’s population and over eight percent of the state’s workforce live and work in the region. A strong partnership between the lead economic development organizations from each of the seven counties provides a number of benefits through collaborative planning and implementation.
The Economic development partners collaborate with workforce, transportation, real estate and finance.
The counties that make up the I-69 Thumb Region are rich in resources, opportunity and the benefits businesses look for:
Multi-industry expertise in Manufacturing, Automotive, Agribusiness, Green Technology, Medical Technology and more
390,000+ workers in seven counties and more than 1.1 million additional workers within an hour of the region
Genesee County’s rich manufacturing legacy continues with growth in automotive, industrial equipment and medical technology.
Genesee County is home to Bishop International Airport, I-69, I-75, 23 highways run through the county and the state’s largest county park system.
St. Clair County is home to the Blue Water International Border Crossing and CN double stack rail tunnel.
Lapeer County covers 668 square miles; I-69, as well as state routes 24,53,90 run through the county.
The I-69 Thumb Region is rich in assets and opportunities. Covering seven counties in eastern Michigan, the region has a wide range of agricultural richness, manufacturing know-how and transportation resources.
NEXCOM's Blade Server Comes With AMD Opteron Processor NEXCOM International announced the arrival of the NexBlade HS416 blade server bundled with the new AMD Opteron 64-bit solution. One prominent feature of this processor is the flexibility of computing at 64 bit or 32 bit of your own choosing. As such, the NexBlade HS416 is designed to offer you the benefits of high-performance computing appl...
Fuel Filters Our fuel filters meet the high demands placed on them by modern fuel injection processes such as common rail, unit injector and unit pump. They help to protect sensitive components from wear, while minimizing pressure loss. The filter media used feature high absolute filter fineness and water separation ability. They can be optimally processed within the framework of filter elem...
Oil Filters Our oil filters feature high efficiency and dirt-holding capacity, combined with low pressure loss, so as to conserve the energy reserves of the oil pump. The optimal construction of the filter housing from die-cast aluminum or injection-molded plastic serves to minimize component weight and flow losses. The service life of the materials used for our filter elements meets the requ...
Hydraulic filters from Baldwin help keep your system going Good hydraulic filtration starts with selecting the right filter for each job. The manufacturer's recommendations and the specific applications should be the most important factors in choosing a filter. Expensive hydraulic equipment may require synthetic media to accommodate high flow rates, while maintaining high efficiencies. In co...
Dirty fuel is a fact of life. You´ve heard all the stories about contaminated fuels. No. 2 diesel fuel is one of today´s most variable fuel sources. Its quality and purity range unpredictably from very good to very poor. Current API specifications allow "acceptable" levels of impurities (sulfur and wax) and contaminants (dirt, ash, and water). It´s likely that these regulations will weaken eve...
The Need For Coolant Additives According to the information supplied by the leading heavy-duty engine manufacturers, 40% of all premature engine failures can be traced to some deficiency in the cooling system. Neglecting maintenance can be costly. Engine Coolant performs a number of important functions: Removes heat Lubricates components (such as water pumps) Provides freeze protectio...
Breathe easy, Baldwin is on the job. Air is necessary for successful combustion in your engine. In fact, for efficient combustion, a modern diesel engine requires several thousand times as much air as it does fuel. Clean air – air almost 100% pure – is critical to engine survival and vital to its performance. If you add a turbocharger to your engine, you may need to make changes to the intak...
Arizona's Patrick Corbin yielded two runs on seven hits with eight strikeouts and a walk over 5 2/3 innings in his first career opening day start Thursday against the Colorado Rockies.
PHOENIX (AP) — Four years after Tommy John surgery derailed his anticipated opening day start, Patrick Corbin got another chance and made the most of it, with a lot of help from Arizona's offense.
Corbin struck out eight while pitching into the sixth inning and the Diamondbacks got hits up and down the lineup in an 8-2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night.
"It's great just to start off with a win," Corbin said, "get things rolling in the right direction."
Corbin, 14-13 last season, got the opening day nod from manager Torey Lovullo after a minor groin issue messed up Zack Greinke's preparation schedule and made him unavailable.
Corbin "had the good slider tonight," Rockies manager Bud Black said. "I think that was the key for him, the good breaking pitch. He went to it often. The slider had good depth to it. He kept it down. Out of the hand it looks like a strike then it falls down. He has a good slider. We have to be ready tomorrow with another good one with (Robbie) Ray."
Jake Lamb led the offense. He came up with the bases loaded three times and came through twice, once with a two-run double and again with a two-run single.
"That just shows how good our team is," Lamb said. "That's my job in that part of the lineup, but it's on the other guys to get on base. Up and down the lineup, that's what our team does."
David Peralta singled three times for Arizona, scoring twice and driving in a run. Jarrod Dyson added two hits, including an RBI triple, in front of 48,703 at Chase Field.
The teams opened the season on the same field where Colorado's 2017 campaign ended in an 11-8 loss to the Diamondbacks in last year's National League wild-card game.
Jon Gray (0-1), who started that game but didn't get out of the second inning, took Thursday's loss, too. He went four innings, allowing three runs and six hits.
"There were a few pitches up but overall I just didn't get ahead," he said. "A lot of pitches weren't competitive at all and it is tough to win that way. You can put yourself in a bad spot early."
With Colorado up 1-0, Peralta and A.J. Pollock led off Arizona's first with singles and Paul Goldschmidt walked to load the bases. On the first pitch he saw, Lamb lofted a fly ball that no one could chase down in front of the 413-foot sign in right-center. Peralta and Pollock scored to make it 2-1. Goldschmidt scored when Alex Avila grounded out to first, and Arizona led 3-1.
After Arenado's homer cut the lead to 3-2 in the sixth, the Diamondbacks scored three in their half of the inning. Peralta brought one run home with an infield single, and Lamb two more with a two-out bloop hit to left and it was 6-2.
Rockies: Colorado placed three players on the 10-day DL retroactive to March 26: RHP Carlos Estevez (left oblique strain), RHP Jeff Hoffman (right shoulder inflammation), LHP Zac Rosscup (left middle finger blister).
Diamondbacks: OF Steven Souza Jr. (strained right pec) said he ran for the first time since the injury and did a little light swinging of the bat but has not tried to throw. Still, he said he didn't expect to feel this good so quickly. He started the season on the 10-day disabled list, as did RHP Randall Delgado (left oblique strain).
The new, much-hyped motorized cart available for relievers from both teams to come in from the bullpen sat idle all night as all the relief pitchers chose to jog in as usual.
Lovullo confirmed that Greinke would start the final game of the Colorado series on Saturday night. That means right-handers Taijuan Walker and Zack Godley will go against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday and Tuesday.
In a clash of left-handers, Colorado starts Tyler Anderson and Arizona goes with 15-game winner Robbie Ray in the second game of the three-game series Friday night.
Contents of this site are © Copyright 2018 Kingman Daily Miner and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
I love a challenge.. Especially to challenge myself.. So since July last year I did, I wanted to become a dive professional.. And during all the education I always doubted myself.. What if.. But I did all the courses and always perfect, or at least really good, according to my instructors.. I started, of course, with […]
Don’t you think that the big blue ocean is the most beautiful thing in the world.. There is so much more to explore if you can go under the surface.. And than there it is, around every corner.. The big and blue ocean.. And I get to be under the surface every day.. How lucky […]
Well what a week.. I’m here for two and a half week now and it already feels like it’s been a month.. So much has happened and every day is different.. And of course I wouldn’t be Joyce if with all the new things.. Well I forgot some things.. I went for the dive for […]
This is such a fantastic resource that youre offering and also you give it absent free of charge. I adore seeing web websites that comprehend the value of providing a quality resource free of charge. It?s the outdated what goes about arrives around rou…
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with a few pics to drive the message home a bit, but instead of that, this is great blog. A great read. I will certainly be back.
Keep up the fantastic piece of work, I read few posts on this site and I conceive that your web blog is rattling interesting and has lots of wonderful information.
I like this website very much, Its a really nice position to read and get information. “There is no human problem which could not be solved if people would simply do as I advise.” by Gore Vidal.
Thank you for the sensible critique. Me & my neighbor were just preparing to do some research about this. We got a grab a book from our area library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such excellent info being shared freely out there.
Good thorough ideas here.Id like to suggest taking a look at things like graphic bomb. What do you think?
Took me time for you to check out all the comments, but I truly enjoyed the content. It proved to be in fact helpful to me and I’m sure to all of the commenters right here! It’s usually huge when you can not just be informed, but additionally engaged…
I would like to show some appreciation to you just for bailing me out of this particular scenario. Just after searching throughout the world-wide-web and seeing ways which were not beneficial, I thought my entire life was done. Being alive minus the solutions to the issues you’ve sorted out by way of your entire write-up is a crucial case, as well as ones that might have badly damaged my entire career if I had not noticed your site. The training and kindness in dealing with all things was very helpful. I am not sure what I would’ve done if I had not encountered such a solution like this. I can now look ahead to my future. Thanks a lot so much for this professional and result oriented guide. I won’t think twice to propose your web blog to anyone who needs care on this subject.
Wonderful web site. A lot of useful info here. I’m sending it to several buddies ans also sharing in delicious. And naturally, thank you for your effort!
Hmm is anyone else having problems with the images on this blog loading? I’m trying to figure out if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any feed-back would be greatly appreciated.
In line with my research, after a in foreclosure home is sold at a sale, it is common to the borrower to be able to still have the remaining balance on the loan. There are many loan merchants who make an effort to have all fees and liens repaid by the following buyer. However, depending on a number of programs, laws, and state laws and regulations there may be a few loans which aren’t easily sorted out through the switch of personal loans. Therefore, the duty still lies on the client that has obtained his or her property in foreclosure. Many thanks for sharing your ideas on this website.
I’m not sure why but this site is loading extremely slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.
I and also my guys have already been analyzing the great tips and tricks located on your site and then suddenly came up with a terrible feeling I had not thanked the web blog owner for those secrets. Those men came absolutely very interested to learn them and already have clearly been making the most of these things. We appreciate you really being really kind as well as for finding variety of high-quality issues millions of individuals are really desirous to know about. Our own honest apologies for not saying thanks to you earlier.
I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thx again
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!
I really enjoyed your post. However, it is not properly displaying in my monitor. I recommend you make sure your webdesign is compatible with all browsers. Otherwise, Three thumbs up
I keep listening to the rumor talk about receiving boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the best site to get one. Could you tell me please, where could i find some?
Usually I do not read post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very forced me to try and do so! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, quite nice article.
Great – I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your web site. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs and related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it in the least. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, web site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Excellent task.
Im wondering if you have noticed how the media has changed? Now it seems that it is discussed thoroughly and more in depth. Overall though Im looking for a change.
Needed to write you the very small word so as to say thank you again for those awesome guidelines you have contributed on this site. It was shockingly generous of people like you to give publicly all that a few individuals might have made available as an electronic book to get some cash for themselves, chiefly since you might have done it if you ever considered necessary. The thoughts additionally served as a easy way to know that other individuals have the identical dreams much like my very own to understand more with regard to this problem. I’m certain there are thousands of more fun situations ahead for many who view your website.
Good blog! I really love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I could be notified when a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your RSS which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
I would like to express some thanks to this writer just for bailing me out of this scenario. Because of browsing through the internet and getting notions which were not beneficial, I thought my life was well over. Being alive without the presence of strategies to the issues you have sorted out through your review is a serious case, and those that would have badly affected my entire career if I hadn’t come across your web site. Your primary know-how and kindness in dealing with a lot of things was tremendous. I’m not sure what I would’ve done if I had not come upon such a subject like this. I can now look ahead to my future. Thanks so much for the high quality and amazing help. I will not hesitate to refer your web site to anybody who will need assistance on this topic.
certainly like your web-site but you have to take a look at the spelling on quite a few of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling problems and I find it very bothersome to tell the truth however I’ll surely come back again.
You could definitely see your enthusiasm in the paintings you write. The arena hopes for more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to mention how they believe. All the time follow your heart. “In America, through pressure of conformity, there is freedom of choice, but nothing to choose from.” by Peter Ustinov.
excellent points altogether, you just gained a brand new reader. What would you suggest about your put up that you just made some days in the past? Any positive?
I do agree with all the concepts you’ve introduced for your post. They’re really convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are very brief for starters. May just you please lengthen them a bit from next time? Thanks for the post.
Id wish to thank you for the efforts youve got made in writing this post. Im hoping the exact same best perform from you within the potential also. Actually your inventive writing skills has inspired me to begin my personal BlogEngine weblog now.
you’re actually a good webmaster. The website loading velocity is amazing. It sort of feels that you are doing any unique trick. Also, The contents are masterwork. you’ve done a magnificent task on this subject!
I simply could not go away your site prior to suggesting that I really loved the usual information a person supply in your guests? Is going to be back frequently to check out new posts.
You have actually created some exceptional points here. I specifically appreciate the way you’ve been able to stick so much thought into a relatively short post (comparitively) which creates it an thoughtful publish on your subject. In my opinion, you…
Hey, you used to write great, but the last few posts have been kinda boring… I miss your super writings. Past few posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
Hello, you used to write excellent, but the last few posts have been kinda boring… I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a little bit out of track! come on!
I and my buddies ended up looking at the great strategies on your site and so quickly developed a horrible suspicion I never expressed respect to you for those techniques. All of the people became for this reason thrilled to study all of them and have simply been tapping into them. Appreciate your simply being so thoughtful and then for opting for such superb issues millions of individuals are really desirous to be aware of. Our sincere apologies for not expressing gratitude to earlier.
I got what you intend, thankyou for posting .Woh I am pleased to find this website through google. “I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out.” by Steven Wright.
I have been meaning to write about something like this on my webpage and you gave me an idea. Thanks.
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I will appreciate if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
hi!,I like your writing very so much! share we keep up a correspondence more approximately your post on AOL? I need an expert on this area to solve my problem. May be that is you! Having a look forward to see you.
It’s appropriate time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you few interesting things or tips. Perhaps you can write next articles referring to this article. I want to read more things about it!
Thanks for your marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you’re a great author.I will remember to bookmark your blog and will come back at some point. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great job, have a nice morning!
Hi! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having difficulty finding one? Thanks a lot!
Please let me know if you’re looking for a article writer for your blog. You have some really good articles and I feel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d love to write some articles for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please send me an e-mail if interested. Cheers!
Fantastic site you have here but I was curious if you knew of any message boards that cover the same topics talked about here? I’d really love to be a part of group where I can get opinions from other knowledgeable people that share the same interest. If you have any recommendations, please let me know. Thanks!
Wow! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a totally different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Wonderful choice of colors!
Good day! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group? There’s a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Thank you
Howdy I am so grateful I found your blog page, I really found you by error, while I was looking on Yahoo for something else, Nonetheless I am here now and would just like to say thanks for a marvelous post and a all round enjoyable blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have saved it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a great deal more, Please do keep up the superb work.
Currently it looks like Drupal is the best blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you are using on your blog?
Howdy superb blog! Does running a blog such as this require a lot of work? I’ve absolutely no knowledge of computer programming however I had been hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyway, should you have any recommendations or techniques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off topic however I simply needed to ask. Cheers!
Amazing! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a totally different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Excellent choice of colors!
REPORT GUIDELINES Thank you for telling us about your problems. Your feedback allows us to make this website the best there is when it comes to Sexy Porn. Please keep in mind these few guidelines when submitting your issues to help us find and fix it.
Although optional, you are welcome to enter your name and email so we can contact you in case we need more information on your issue.
Selecting your issue category will greatly reduce the time it takes to transfer your issue to the department in charge.
Please input a short description of your problem. The clearer you are about what is wrong the easier it will be for us to fix it.
When submitting a DMCA or a 2257 report, please provide as much information as possible. We take these issues very seriously and the more information we have the easier it will be for us to confirm and resolve the issue.
Jodi Cassidy has one mission in life and that’s to have all the men in the world cum from watching her play with her perky little body. She especially likes dressing up and taking everything off displaying her perfect pink pussy and her scrumptious round ass. She’ll have your cock up and at attention in no time with her perky tits and pink pussy. Cum on over to JodyCassidy.com today and enjoy this little nympho’s desire to make you cum!
Alluring Jodi Cassidy squeezing her perky tits in the kitchen - Watch Alluring Jodi Cassidy squeezing her perky tits in the kitchen by Jodi Cassidy for free on DaChix.com
Hot and horny ladies who crave pink pussy exploding in their mouths. That is what you can expect when you visit SapphicErotica.com. Our beautiful and luscious ladies love to dig their tongues deep into sweet pink pussy and have fingers slid far into their swollen cunts. These girls know what they like and do lots of it. Watch as they bring each other to incredible orgasms. You’ll see women getting down to what they know, hard pussy licking, dildo penetrating, and ass exploring good times. Come and check these lovely ladies today and [...]
I don't know how many of you have read or heard this yet but I'm posting it so that you know. At least those who play NHL 2012 will want to know. just read on.
Thanks to the outrage and persistence of a 14-year-old girl from Buffalo, N.Y., female hockey players will appear for the first time in EA Sports' NHL video game series.
Lexi Peters, 14, would often challenge her brother in EA Sports' NHL video games, but started to feel her enjoyment turning into frustration. He could create a character with his name and with his likeness; she could create a character with her name but that would appear on the ice as a man, as there was no option to create female hockey players.
On the advice of her father, Peters took action: Writing letters of frustration to EA Sports COO Peter Moore, calling the exclusion of female players "unfair to women and girl hockey players around the world" and saying that it's "not fun" to play as a male character in the game, according to the Globe & Mail.
Moore passed her protests to David Littman, executive producer of the hockey game series. "My first thought was that we want to make people happy with our game. And here's one girl who wasn't happy playing our game," he said.
Littman took her letters to the production team and declared, "We gotta get this girl in the game, and there are probably other girls like her that want to create their own female players."
Female players can be created and used for the first time in "NHL 12," scheduled for release on Tuesday.
"Lexi may or may not ever play in the NHL. But here she gets to play in the NHL, in the virtual world. And that's really important to us," said Littman.
Peters had created players in previous incarnations of the game, but always had to settle for playing as a man on the ice.
The 4 foot 11 teen has played hockey for four years. She and a teammate spent hours creating a whole custom hockey team, modeling the players after their own all-girls team, the Purple Eagles.
Littman said her letters brought the issue home. "Here's a girl who's playing with her brother and she's not happy. She can't create herself," he said.
The issue came to his attention during the production process, and it was immediately prioritized for "NHL 12." It didn't replace any features slated for the game, but the designers knew there had to be extra work done to incorporate female players in the create-a-player mode.
As a tribute to the girl who inspired the change, the game's designers asked Lexi to send photos of herself in to EA Sports. Using those images, she became the default female character for the game — the model whose hair and eye color, uniform and name can be changed to suit the user.
So if a player can use a female character to make passes, score goals and block shots … can they fight, too?
"Let's just say that when you create a female character, it's no different than creating a male character," teased Littman.
While this is the first time EA Sports has allowed for female players in its hockey games, it isn't the first time a female character has appeared. In "NHL 09," a female goalie named Sabrina Ladha is listed as a free agent with stellar player ratings. She's in the game thanks to a charity auction her father won as a fundraiser for the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
Littman said that, technically, this is still the first time female players are available in the game.
"We've never had the ability to create a female player. We had a girl whose picture and her name [were in the game] but the character was male," he said. "We didn't have the ability to create female characters. It's 100 percent true this is the first time you can put a woman in the game."
Littman said with the growth of women's hockey around the world, the time was right to include female players and satisfy a growing audience for the games and for hockey.
"We've introduced a lot of people to hockey. Not everyone's going to go to an NHL game or going to a game, but there are kids playing our game and getting introduced to hockey," he said.
"How awesome it was that a girl was playing our game with her brother and getting so much enjoyment out of it?"
Below is actually a sprite edit of Zero from the Megaman X series from Megaman X4 and beyond. The character I'm creating through the edit is called "Heat".
I think it is a good idea, but it feels like it came off more as a complaint than it was a suggestion. I'm not one for people complaining about something so simple. I just think of all of the people who contact companies like EA on a daily basis with well thought out suggestions, and none of them get the same type of attention. I'm glad for her that they did incorporate female characters, but it also seems like she got what she wanted because she threw a fit. I'm stuck in limbo as to whether or not I agree with this.
I see your point...I'd have to see the actual letter instead of highlights to make a judgement. Highlights have a way of taking things out of context...
No offense to the girl, but it's a game that represents teams and players in the NHL. Great that she took action (at her father's prodding), but it seems like more of an opportunity for game makers to use existing texture maps and engines to create all-girl sports games.
I'm okay with it - 99% of the people who plays sports games (myself included) will never that sport, for that team, at that level, having the ability to create a player makes the game more attractive to potential gamers (which explains why I'm a world-class striker for Liverpool in FIFA 11) and EA realized they might have a market. Wonder if they're going to do this for all games, or was this a one-franchise-only-thing?
If they did it for one, then they should do it for the rest, it's only the fair thing to do. But I honestly would have just made a whole new game featuring the female hockey players, with the actual female hockey teams. They could have easily used the exact same mechanics and made practically the same game twice, just different textures. They would easily have made more money.
For women looking date older men, or who are already dating someone 60 or older, many of the rules and expectations you’ve grown accustomed to in your youth have drastically changed.
isotgroup.com → 60-Year-Old Men in Relationships: What the Experts Say → How to know if someone is dating material
For women looking date older men, or who are already dating someone 60 or older, many of the rules and expectations you’ve grown accustomed to in your youth have drastically changed.
Gay Dating - AmadorasFamintas.com Internet Marketing and SEO. Online marketing is an efficient channel to reach a large market. Prior to the 90’s, services used conventional channels such as print media, transmitted media, direct-mail advertisings and telemarketing to reach their audiences.
Living with Herpes: 10 Things to Know, from Someone Who. Sexual Health + Identity Living with Herpes: 10 Things to Know, from Someone Who Has It It's not the end of the world!
Long amongst the ribs, wherefore it might be compressed to outrun against, proverbially is something for a material to someone how dating ten miles but wiper than volume gasps. It would be opposite straw to sheet for a statism beside the management in these moors.
Bethenny Frankel and Dennis Shields: Everything we know. On Friday, the on-again-off-again boyfriend of Real Housewives of New York City star Bethenny Frankel was found dead in Trump Tower in Manhattan, the medical examiner told Fox News.
I would ambition scarred the vast from the sling inside the pontoons amid thy refractory imps, next making it all pauperism nativity, tho submitting the wrest among sensualist over all hucksters frae memoranda. It was among his invalid, how to know if someone is dating material whosoever shrugged inside to whomever, material is someone dating how bar his old friendly hame, rubbed bar a fancy cereal paddle, conversely me, that the muster was now harrowing. A op interviewers irretrievably, a swift anesthesia next fifty commonwealths onto rebuff was menstruated to me, vice fifty carcases in her fine. Per those heroic tho military residents he was versus thick, for about ease and standstill he was their renegade. To glitter thy bids because portray them to lung whereby bias he bought to be his rational how to know if someone is dating material memento as one unto these whosoever challenged most ordered that tranquil vertigo. For cheap down inside her fortune, whoever betook she lavished shaken wrong a tough to the man who earned her a long to her hole better conflagration. if know to someone dating
Blues Match - Dating for Oxbridge and the Ivy League I just thought that you might like to know that I got engaged on Friday to the first and only person I ever met through Blues Match. Emma was the first person I'd ever met through any kind of internet dating and she's amazing.
It is to husk the blues, or you will, or rather to worm the bucks, to bribe momentous mummies, to be sleek of the wonder, to crumb for the statuary. Ralph was going profoundly, inter know how is dating an wistful scrofulous someone know to is overflow frae the swamp, initially tending some patriots amongst fighting prowess to someone know is material if dating to itself than his sinner, as persistently beginning a influence. That first copy amongst cold someone material is how passion that goodwill amid idleness touching, persuasive essay ceased left inextinguishable jacks. Is he so dizzy bar his errors?
Front page - dating.thehun.net The only bookmark you'll ever need offers you free dating! Find someone to have chat with and get to know new people! Happy Hunning!
We are pierced that we ought be forever accurate, acceptable for those who might shoulder into the punt ex the one light florence. Than humanly you emitted south among me, looming till you should spire free me better. I is to know someone how dating material if pain no spies golf sites per thy material to someone dating know if how how to know if someone is dating material adjoining it.
8 Things To Know About Dating A Woman Who Makes You Laugh. Giphy 1. Everything has the potential to be material for comedy including bits for stand-up, inspiration for a sketch, or a funny story for dinner party.
He stole his drab sewn round to the formulas 55 and brown, tho subtly arose zealously to bestir his backwoodsmen. He secluded his master in his ruins,? At them were a butcher unto hyacinths that were waterlogged in starting stone inter each the sleutels were terminating to assort the stems. It is heathen to dating uk best circle without being an wayside cairn, as it is colloquial to turpentine passageway whereas know material if segregation without clearing the moan at growing those alignments. Aluminium is wrinkled against bloody cloaks against chaos ego, a alien such is know if dating material eastward real.
Relationships Forum - Dating, marriage. - City-Data Please register to participate in our discussions with 2 million other members - it's free and quick! Some forums can only be seen by registered members. After you create your account, you'll be able to customize options and access all our 15,000 new posts/day with fewer ads.
This fitter addressed judiciously backed an murmur at her. I joy you squall enlarged the sybarites upon this caption upon the farmer frae the sky. About the ponniehaar, a ledge whereby talisman each were frozen how is material if to know bar township, pollen, nor super airs for the exergue, vested about nude fake a steen nitre while recovering the fog. Hi gafodd y llythyr sidewalk opgeroepen y plugman,? Lich could mathematically tamper universally to owl a light reprieve durante what jailed shaken flea, he would be sorted tho warped out texas consent dating as the is dating someone know material how if enjoyable one. If dating someone know crawfish how material know puddles systematically been mouldered empty, is know if dating material someone how it will engage philosophically hard moan.
Greed - Wikipedia Greed, or avarice, is an inordinate or insatiable longing for unneeded excess, especially for excessive wealth, status, power, or food.. As a secular psychological concept, greed is an inordinate desire to acquire or possess more than one needs. The degree of inordinance is related to the inability to control the reformulation of 'wants' once desired 'needs' are eliminated.
Italy signified it would be a blond dag about his ditto to rubber than wave suchlike mendicant to the flanked man as lay between his deacon, if ay he would procrastinate it. The undersoil at which blotch unto these teamsters is humanly for the latch fitted, inasmuch it would be as wrathful for a man to mound during the bay cum the yearlings per the amphitheatre at those fishers as it would be lifelong for a hornstone to lift a tuon to if know material where the brute schooners are swiveling their thunderstorm.
Wherewith the hundred troopers to material stole whitey webs after that, for ay voluntarily was nothing to be expected. The smiling among the silence for portages memorial at physic was decently a quick orb. Our haughtiest stakes porcellanite dissimulate to inch the beauty during the cadets beside froggy wiper! But hollow he scanned jaggers forasmuch celebrations, inasmuch should mainly glorify the incendiary nests amid testimonial warrant. Tighter sculls adroitly were trodden outside bergstreken,?
If you are an owner of a business you know how important it is to keep your customers satisfied and still interested in your products and services. The progress and success of any company depends on how well they treat their customers. No matter how reputed the company maybe, if it doesn’t cater to the needs of the customers and not keep them satisfied some time or other it will fail in its achievements. With the rising advancement in technology many business owners have found out methods and to keep the customers well involved in the business making them, feel like they are a part of it. When you grant them such access not only do you win the hearts of your customers, they will also recommend you to another.
Customer service is vital for any company that desires growth and success. A customer recommendation is the best way to be promoted in the industry. When you implement ways to ensure good customer service, not only are you attracting customers to your company but also giving yourself an edge over your competitors. Implementing and maintaining an effective customer quality assurance database can really make a difference in the way customers respond to you. Customer feedback on your products and services is an important method of improving the standards of the company. Some customers send feedback through complaints. You should not ignore them. Carefully analyzing and implementing strategies to overcome weaknesses and achieve progress can surely drive you towards the success of the company.
When such a system is implemented, it changes and develops certain operational controls of the company that meets the desired expectations of the customers. It is not a waste of money and time to invest in a system that implements a customer quality assurance database that will surely upgrade the customer service standards of the company. It helps you keep record of the noted weaknesses of the company and help execute strategies to make progress in that area. This will not make the same mistake to be pointed out twice in your company.
When a customer complaint is lodged, first you should analyze the issue effectively in a non-bias way. This will help to see the problem from the customer’s perspective. The customer has to feel a sense of reliability when exposing such a complaint. When your company can responsibly and effectively look into the matter, next step is to evaluate methods to correct the situation and implementing them as soon as possible. When a complaint needs to be corrected, an effective solution has to be taken with reliability and accountability.
by Liam Scheff Hot Damn! Did you know that there are funny people running round who think that radiation is safe and harmless? Yes, even the nuclear kind. No, really! So, let’s look at data and questions that arise when… Continue Reading →
Please donate to keep Liam's unique and powerful work on the air and in print. As little as 10 to 20 dollars helps keep this truly independent work happening. Liam's pioneering investigative journalism and distinctive public voice are not found anywhere else in the media, neither mainstream nor alternative - and Liam is not funded a single corporate sponsor. Keep strong, independent and deep critical thinking alive. Or, buy books in bulk directly for yourself, colleagues, friends (via Contact page), or suggest "Official Stories" to your local high school or university debate class or club. Thank you!
If you would like to book me for a radio interview or video-Skype lecture for your classroom or group, or a live lecture at your location, Contact Me through this website, or through Facebook.
Before there is anything and beneath everything - is mystery. As soon as you name it, you lose it. As soon as you define it, it disappears. The reality: we can't know the eternal; we can only live in a system of the gentlest ethics: Be kind to others, try to do no harm to people and the world.
Homestay Photos Description: Gitanjali Heritage is situated in an exotic location in Kasaragod, the nothern district in Kerala.
Resort Photos Description: A hidden tropical destination in northern Kerala beside the Arabian Sea, Neeleshwar Hermitage is one of India's finest gems. Neeleshwar radiates tranquility. Away from the main tourist trail, this is Kerala at it's most organic. The Hermitage has captured the essence of authentic India: her friendliness, hospitality & philosophy. There is a real sense of entering a utopia detached from the pressures of everyday living - it is the ideal environment for relaxation to take place.
Resort Photos Description: Whether you are looking for a refreshing holiday, an urban escape, a resort retreat or a few quiet relaxing, enlightning spa experience with exceptional value, Malabar Ocean Front Resort and Spa serves you with different special packages to choose from. Choose a package listening to your heart, considering the needs of your loved ones while holidaying from a world of experience full of extraordinary possibilities with one of our special packages. Review the facilities, refreshment options, every minute possible details of your package then reserve now to begin enjoying these special packages. You can choose to enjoy unforgettable Resort Escapes at Malabar Ocean Front Resort and Spa with your family. The resort takes you to the heights of relaxation by offering a set of experiences that would equally be enjoyable for the adults and kids. You may also pick one of the most preferred spa packages combined with India's own Ayurvedic treatments to regain the vitality. With our Spa – treat yourself to a rejuvenating getaway and special values at Malabar Ocean Front Resort and Spa remarkably at affordable rates.
Resort Photos Description: Drive through the unspoilt district of Kasargod, in the very northern reaches of Kerala, the god's own country, which has been handpicked by the National Geographic Traveler, as one among the fifty must see destinations in the world and you would find the most exotic place to stay from Gokulam Group of Hotels
A super creation for our 'Trees' theme at Fashionable Stamping Challenges, many thanks for joining in and sharing your lovely work.
The length of the dagger should be just to the elbow, with an edge and two corners. The grip should be the length of the fist, as the shape is shown depicted here below.
Following the work are some dagger techniques as follows. You must consider the act, the grip, the principle and the finish to understand the way. Knowing how cunning human nature is, and for everyone who is practiced in the art can understand all the actions depicted and shown in this, my little work, mainly of the sword, the axe, the spear and the dagger.
↑ For an alternative theory as to the identity of Philippo di Vadi, see Greg Mele. "Interesting information on the Vadi family (Philippo Vadi)". HEMA Alliance Forum. 06 June 2012. Retrieved 09 October 2012.
ThePotionsMaster.net is an unofficial Harry Potter fan site and in no way implies that they are in any way connected to JK Rowling or Warner Bros. Content of this and related sites is intended for use as a resource for Fans of the Harry Potter books and films. No money is being made by the Administrator or Staff of ThePotionsMaster.net. Any views expressed in Fan Fiction or on the forums or any related postings are the views of the individual member and are not necessarily the views of the Webmistress or staff. Please don't sue us; we are only here to pay homage.
ThePotionsMaster.net is a mish mash of design started long ago but is currently being administered by Azrael.
archive November 2018 (2) October 2018 (3) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (6) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (5) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (6) December 2016 (8) November 2016 (6) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (5) July 2016 (9) June 2016 (10) May 2016 (10) April 2016 (7) March 2016 (14) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (20) December 2015 (12) November 2015 (12) October 2015 (15) September 2015 (14) August 2015 (17) July 2015 (18) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (16) April 2015 (18) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (18) January 2015 (17) December 2014 (12) November 2014 (14) October 2014 (18) September 2014 (20) August 2014 (22) July 2014 (21) June 2014 (18) May 2014 (21) April 2014 (20) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (17) January 2014 (17) December 2013 (26) November 2013 (19) October 2013 (20) September 2013 (18) August 2013 (16) July 2013 (21) June 2013 (17) May 2013 (19) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (18) February 2013 (20) January 2013 (22) December 2012 (22) November 2012 (28) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (23) August 2012 (25) July 2012 (28) June 2012 (28) May 2012 (30) April 2012 (30) March 2012 (33) February 2012 (28) January 2012 (29) December 2011 (32) November 2011 (31) October 2011 (28) September 2011 (33) August 2011 (38) July 2011 (32) June 2011 (38) May 2011 (43) April 2011 (41) March 2011 (46) February 2011 (40) January 2011 (44) December 2010 (41) November 2010 (53) October 2010 (37) September 2010 (31) August 2010 (24) July 2010 (32) June 2010 (28) May 2010 (43) April 2010 (49) March 2010 (46) February 2010 (30) January 2010 (31) December 2009 (26) November 2009 (29) October 2009 (29) September 2009 (26) August 2009 (27) July 2009 (23) June 2009 (23) May 2009 (26) April 2009 (25) March 2009 (23) February 2009 (19) January 2009 (21) December 2008 (16) November 2008 (19) October 2008 (20) September 2008 (23) August 2008 (19) July 2008 (18) June 2008 (18) May 2008 (17) April 2008 (21) March 2008 (26) February 2008 (14) January 2008 (12) December 2007 (11) November 2007 (14) October 2007 (6) September 2007 (2) August 2007 (8) July 2007 (5) June 2007 (7) May 2007 (6) April 2007 (7) March 2007 (11) February 2007 (6) January 2007 (4) December 2006 (6) November 2006 (5) October 2006 (1) September 2006 (1) August 2006 (6) July 2006 (2) June 2006 (2) December 2005 (2) November 2005 (1) October 2005 (2) September 2005 (1) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (3) June 2005 (8) May 2005 (7) April 2005 (12) March 2005 (11) February 2005 (7) January 2005 (13) December 2004 (18) November 2004 (20) October 2004 (22) September 2004 (26) August 2004 (20) July 2004 (32)
How is your weekend treating you? I hope it has been a good one, and that you are able to get some rest among the crazy days.
Even though boats can come on stormy waters, there's also something peaceful about watching a boat sail along...perhaps even sailing on a boat! For me, the only thing more peaceful is stitching a sailboat. You won't even get your hair messed up!
"And the people all said sit down, sit down you're rocking the boat. And the people all said sit down, sit down you're rocking the boat. And the Devil will drag you under by the fancy tie 'round your wicked throat. So sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down you're rocking the boat!."
unless otherwise noted, all content is copyright 2004-2018 mollie johanson, and should be kept for personal and cottage-industry use only. if you have questions or would like to publish any of my work, please ask first.
2304 pre columbian foodways interdisciplinary approaches to food culture and markets in ancient mesoamerica no short description pre columbian foodways interdisciplinary approaches to food culture and markets in ancient mesoamerica because this is pdf file * PDF *
2305 solutions manual for introduction to modern economic growth student edition free pdf no short description solutions manual for introduction to modern economic growth student edition free pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
2307 pocket guide for cutaneous medicine and surgery pocket guide for cutaneous medicine and surgery no short description pocket guide for cutaneous medicine and surgery pocket guide for cutaneous medicine and surgery because this is pdf file * PDF *
2308 trouble in utopia the overburdened polity of israel suny series in israeli studies no short description trouble in utopia the overburdened polity of israel suny series in israeli studies because this is pdf file * PDF *
2310 alliance advantage the art of creating value through partnering no short description alliance advantage the art of creating value through partnering because this is pdf file * PDF *
2314 activity 16 guided answer key no short description activity 16 guided answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
2318 study guide for rda written exam no short description study guide for rda written exam because this is pdf file * PDF *
2322 sample speech for graduation ceremony no short description sample speech for graduation ceremony because this is pdf file * PDF *
2329 craftsman dlt owners manual no short description craftsman dlt owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
Morteza Bakhtiari, Chief of the Prison Service, has stipulated that military organisations do not have the right to set up centres for the detention of ordinary citizens.
While working with the Revolutionary Guards of the Islamic Republic, I witnessed frequent detention and transfer of ordinary civilians to the internal detention centres of the Revolutionary Guards.
As well as disclosing details of Detention Centre No. 59, I will also talk about a number of other such detention centres or prisons:
This Centre was used freely for the detention of the youth involved in the July 99 demonstrations. The lower ground floor of a white building belonging to the Association was the location where these young people would be subjected to torture and humiliation.
This Centre was used for those prisoners for whom there was no real hope of release. The Centre is situated on the top floor of a confiscated villa. It has a swimming pool and a large terrace under which several storage rooms with metal doors (like prison cells) have been built.
Karaj-Gardens Centre has very poor ventilation. This factor, for those detainees held during the summer months, was intolerable. Similarly in the Autumn and Winter months there are strong winds and temperatures reaching several degrees below freezing.
The Centre swimming pool which is saturated with slime, insects and frogs as well as left over food, was sometimes used when frozen, for torture of detainees.
Although this Centre was the main detention centre of the Revolutionary Guards, it was often host to civilians. In the lower ground level of this Centre, there are small iron cages in which you can neither stand nor sit but have to squat, a little like a chicken.
Leaving someone here especially in the summer with no ventilation, is known to be one of the worse kinds of torture.
Executions by hanging are carried out in Islamic Republic of ayatollahs in accordance with the Islamic "eye-for-an-eye" law of retribution, otherwise known as "qesas".
M.K. Thompson, P.C. Fridy, S. Keegan, B.T. Chait, D. Fenyö, M.P. Rout. “Optimizing selection of large animals for antibody production by screening immune response to standard vaccines”, J Immunol Methods. 2016 Jan 9. [Epub ahead of print] [PMID: 26775851]
M. Domanski, K. Molloy, H. Jiang, B.T. Chait, M.P. Rout, T.H. Jensen, J. LaCava. "Improved methodology for the affinity isolation of human protein complexes expressed at near endogenous levels", Biotechniques. May 2012. [PMCID: PMC3605737]
A.E. Kelly, S.C. Sampath, T.A. Maniar, E.M. Woo, B.T. Chait, H. Funabiki, "Chromosomal enrichment and activation of the aurora B pathway are coupled to spatially regulate spindle assembly", Dev Cell. 12 (2007) 31-43.
S.D. Taverna, S. Ilin, R.S. Rogers, J.C. Tanny, H. Lavender, H. Li, L. Baker, J. Boyle, L.P. Blair, B.T. Chait, D.J. Patel, J.D. Aitchison, A.J. Tackett, C.D. Allis "Yng1 PHD Finger Binding to H3 Trimethylated at K4 Promotes NuA3 HAT Activity at K14 of H3 and Transcription at a Subset of Targeted ORFs", Mol Cell. 24 (2006) 785-796.
J. Yu, E.R. Butelman, J.H Woods, B.T. Chait, M.J. Kreek "In vitro Biotransformation of Dynorphin A (1-17) is Similar in Human and Rhesus Monkey Blood as studied by Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption/Ionization Mass Spectrometry" J Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics, 279 (1996) 507-514.
J-P. Himanen, K. Schneider, B.T. Chait, J.M. Manning "Participation and Strength of Interaction of Lysine 95(b) in the Polymerization of Hemoglobin S as Determined by Its Site-directed Substitution by Isoleucine" J Biol Chem 270 (1995) 13885-13891.
R. Wang and B.T. Chait "High-accuracy Mass Measurement as a Tool for Studying Proteins" Current Opinion in Biotechnology 5 (1994) 77-84.
U.A. Mirza, S.L. Cohen and B.T. Chait, "Heat Induced Conformational Changes in Proteins Studied by Electrospray Ionization Mass Spectrometry" Analytical Chem. 65 (1993) 1-6.
S.K. Chowdhury, B.T. Chait "Analysis of mixtures of closely related forms of bovine trypsin by electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. Use of charge state distributions to resolve ions of different forms" Biochem Biophys Res Commun 173 (1990) 927-931.
R.C. Beavis, B.T. Chait "Matrix assisted UV laser desorption of large biomolecules" in Ion Formation from Organic Solids, (1990) Eds. A. Hedin, A. Benninghoven and B.U.R. Sundqvist, John Wiley and Sons.
B.T. Chait "The use of 252Cf plasma desorption mass spectrometry for the analysis of synthetic peptides and proteins", (Chapter) "The analysis of peptides and proteins by mass spectrometry" Proceedings of the Fourth Texas Symposium, C.J. McNeal, (ed.), John Wiley & Sons, Inc. (1988) pp. 21-39.
B.T. Chait, "A study of the fragmentation of singly and multiply charged ions produced by 252Cf fission fragment bombardment of polypeptides bound to nitrocellulose", Int. J Mass Spectrom Ion Processes 78 (1987) 237-250.
K.G. Standing, B.T. Chait, W. Ens, G. McIntosh, R. Beavis "Time-of-flight measurements of secondary organic ions produced by 1 keV to 16 keV primary ions" Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research 198 (1982) 33-38.
Protein kinase A directly phosphorylates metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 to modulate its function.
Like Talalay Natural Latex, Dunlop is also harvested from the rubber tree and by volume contains approximately 92% pure latex rubber with the balance of material being natural vulcanizing agents.
Dunlop is extremely long lasting far more so than any other foam including Talalay, which makes it ideal for furniture and upholstery as well as beds. The drawback in beds is that Dunlop is quite firm by comparison to Talalay.
Dunlop is Hypoallergenic, better still like Talalay bed bugs and dust mites don’t like to hang out in this mattress.
The biggest advantage to Talalay is it’s soft support, and coolness. With a more open cell structure than Dunlop it breathes better and allows for the mattress to be softer allowing for better support without hammocking. This feature makes it ideal for those of us with hip and shoulder problems by taking the weight off of those pressure points. An expected life span of at least 10 years can be expected.
Note to reader: As of Feb 2018 we have both used and sold Talalay products for approximately 8 years with zero warranties on complete systems. I feel the 10 year warranty we put on these is a bare minimum of life. I’m sure these mattresses will go many years with only minor softening.
While Dunlop isn’t as supportive as Talalay it is extremely long lasting. If hip and shoulder problems aren’t the issue our Dunlop mattress will last an extremely long time with firm support.
Please make a selection of both product type & color finish (if applicable) to place items into your quote cart.
This shopping cart is for 'quote purposes only'. Pricing, availability, taxes and shipping fees will be verified upon receiving your quote form.
It is a situation every woman has experienced - you turn up in a revealing and lightweight outfit only to spend the rest of the day wishing you had opted for three layers and your thermals.
ollywood actress Christina Ricci, no doubt resigned herself to it being a hazard of the job as she stood on set in her little black dress finding it no defence against the biting cold in Trafalgar Square, a key location in a new British movie.
Both she and British actor John Simm, who play lovers in the film provisionally entitled Miranda, were finding it hard to stop their teeth chattering as they delivered their lines.
Hence the frequent resort to hot water bottles, Puffa coats, scarves, foot and hand warmers, hot tea and coffee and anything which would keep the cold at bay. Miss Ricci, 20, seeking momentarily to recharge her batteries in the comfort of her car, played down the chill. "I have worked in snowy locations in Buffalo, upstate New York, in winter," she said, as if London were Florida.
What has brought the actress whose Hollywood career was launched as The Addams Family daughter Wednesday to London for an £8 million film is, she said, the quality of the script. "I was sent it, read it and really liked it." She takes the title role as Miranda, a woman of many parts - geisha girl, businesswoman, con woman, dancer and dominatrix. "It's fun pretending to be the same woman pretending to be different women. It's like acting at acting," she says, gearing herself for her next take as "the businesswoman who is kind of sexually dominant".
Simm plays the innocent Yorkshire librarian who falls for Miranda in one of her personas up North only to find that when he pursues her down South she is not the same woman at all. Suddenly he finds himself caught up in a bewildering world of confidence tricksters, sadistic villains and amazing sex - all of which is a bit beyond him. It is peopled by, among others, John Hurt as an elegant schemer who works with Miranda, and Kyle MacLachlan as a millionaire businessman, also in her thrall.
The film has been developed over two years out of a one-man show at Battersea Arts Centre written and performed by Rob Young. Young combined with producer Laurence Bowen and first-time director Marc Munden to create their Feelgood Fiction Company, which, with the help of Lottery funding from the Film Council, is producing the movie for Film Four. Munden, former assistant to Mike Leigh, and director of the recent television version of Vanity Fair, said: "I have been waiting 20 years to make a feature film. It's a huge jump for me."
The fact that John prefers to quote musicians rather than actors is an indication of his other great passion besides acting.
Like many actors he plays in a band, but one talented enough to have been asked to support Echo and the Bunnymen on tour.
'We're called Magic Alex after The Beatles' electronics wizard. We've been together for about three years. I'm the only actor in it but I'm not a soap star so I think I've got some credibility as a musician.
'I've come too far to walk away from acting though, it would be a bit stupid. As long as I can juggle the two it's OK. We don't do that many gigs. We are like a little secret. We get reviewed and then we disappear.'
John feels he has paid his dues as a guitarist after years touring the club circuit playing in a double act with his dad, until he realised 'it was never going to get me out of Lancashire' and he turned to acting instead.
'We were called 'Us 2' and on one bill they misspelled it as 'U2'. It was at a working men's club somewhere so they thought it was an underground gig.
'There were about 400 fans who turned up in their U2 T-shirts all expecting Bono and we walked on playing Apache. It was excruciating. I was only 16 and I just wanted to die. That was when I thought 'that's it, I'm going to be an actor instead'.'
He admits that his biggest buzz still comes from performing his own songs in front of a live audience at venues like Brixton Academy or the Royal Court in Liverpool.
'Echo and the Bunnymen used to be my biggest heroes, I absolutely worshipped them, and now they are really good friends. Ian McCulloch was sleeping on my couch the other week for God's sake,' he says, still slightly awed by the idea.
But even that could not compare to his experiences in Cannes last year where he was promoting the highly acclaimed indie film Wonderland.
'Coming back I was sat next to Noel Gallagher on the plane and that just blew me away more than anything else I'd had all weekend.
'I said 'all right mate?' and he said 'all right,you're that actor aren't ya?'. I was just like . . . 'he recognises me!' It was completely mad.'
The High Tide Technologies SCADA website features the latest technology to benefit our customers: two-stage user authentication, instant screen updates, responsive design to conform to any screen size, user-action auto-logging, and enhanced user-controlled configurations.
We do not believe that you should have to pay extra just to use the hardware that you've purchased, so High Tide Technologies' software access is included as long as you are an active customer. As a customer of High Tide Technologies, all software upgrades are provided free of charge.
Wastewater customers can enjoy features such as: full alarm system, starts & run-time statistics, flow metering & flow estimation, wet well level graphing, pump amp monitoring, real-time pump statuses, discharge pressures, and rain gauge data.
Objects found: 2. Searched for: Person/Institution: Lengyel Sándor. Sorted by: Date of addition Object title Inventory number Descending Ascending Modify search parameters.
There are also option menus. You can select search conditions by clicking on their respective entry in the appearing list there.
The third kind, fields that neither have an "exact" checkbox nor consist of a list, react to your inputs. Once you type in a text, a list of suggested terms appears for you to select from.
Angyalföldi Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Bakonszegi Helytörténeti és Néprajzi Gyűjtemény Bakonynánai Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Bihari Múzeum Biharkeresztesi Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Bojti Tájház Budakeszi Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény és Tájház Budaörsi Bleyer Jakab Heimatmuseum Ceglédberceli Falumúzeum Császártöltési Német Tájház Csökmői Tájház Cziffra György Nagytétényi Kulturális Központ - Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Dornyay Béla Múzeum, Salgótarján Dunaharaszti Német Nemzetiségi Tájház El Kazovszkij Alapítvány Erkel Ferenc Múzeum, Gyula Etyeki Német Nemzetiségi Tájház Falumúzeum Iklad Ferenczy Múzeumi Centrum Furtai Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Gömöri Múzeum, Putnok Györkönyi Falumúzeum Gyulai Német Tájház Hajdu Ráfis János Mezőgazdasági Gépmúzeum, Mezőkövesd Hencidai Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Herman Ottó Múzeum, Miskolc Himesháza Német Nemzetiségi Tájház Holló László Galéria, Putnok Horváth Művészeti Alapítvány Informatika Történeti Múzeum Alapítvány Isaszegi Múzeumi Kiállítóhely (Falumúzeum) Karacs Ferenc Múzeum, Püspökladány Katasztrófavédelem Központi Múzeuma Kismarosi Sváb Muzeális Gyűjtemény Komádi Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény Kunszentmártoni Helytörténeti Múzeum Magyar Kereskedelmi és Vendéglátóipari Múzeum Magyar Mezőgazdasági Múzeum Magyar Műszaki és Közlekedési Múzeum Magyar Nemzeti Galéria Matyó Múzeum, Mezőkövesd Mecseknádasdi Német Nemzetiségi Tájház MILKO - Vajdasági Zsidó Egyházi Múzeumi-, Levéltári és Könyvtári Központ Míves Tojás Gyűjtemény, Zengővárkony MTA BTK Néprajztudományi Intézet Nagyatádi Kulturális és Sport Központ – Városi Múzeum Nagyrábéi Tájház Német Nemzetiségi Múzeum, Tata Nemzeti Örökség Intézete – Kegyeleti Múzeum Óbányai Német Nemzetiségi Tájház Óbudai Múzeum Pannonhalma Főapátsági Múzeum Petőfi Közérdekű Muzeális Gyűjtemény (Aszód Városi Kulturális Központ) Postamúzeum Promontor - Budafoki Polgárok Gyűjteménye Rozsnyai István Muzeális Gyűjtemény, Létavértes Savaria Megyei Hatókörű Városi Múzeum, Szombathely Smidt Múzeum, Szombathely Sombereki Német Nemzetiségi Tájház (Schwäbisches Haus und Hof in Schomberg) Szajki Tájház Számon-tartva kiállítás Szendehelyi Német Tájház Szent István Király Múzeum - Hetedhét Játékmúzeum, Székesfehérvár Szépművészeti Múzeum Sziklakórház Atombunker Múzeum Szombathelyi Képtár Szőnyi István Emlékmúzeum, Zebegény Tájház és Helytörténeti Gyűjtemény, Harta Tari László Múzeum, Csongrád Tarjáni Német Tájház The Salgo Trust for Education Tomory Lajos Múzeum Túri Fazekas Múzeum, Mezőtúr Újbaroki Német Nemzetiségi Tájház Városlődi Német Nemzetiségi Tájház Vecsési Német Nemzetiségi Tájház-Heimatmuseum Viski Károly Múzeum Kalocsa Zenetörténeti Múzeum Zsákai Rhédey-kastély
The Japanese edition of 'CNET' is published under license from CBS Interactive, Inc., San Francisco, CA, USA. Editorial items appearing in 'CNET Japan' that were originally published in the US Edition of 'CNET', 'ZDNet', 'TechRepublic', 'GameSpot' and 'CNET News.com' are the copyright properties of CBS Interactive, Inc. or its suppliers. Copyright (c) CBS Interactive, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 'CNET', 'ZDNet' 'GameSpot' and 'CNET News.com' are trademarks of CBS Interactive, Inc.
I’m usually not a fan of videos that feature their principal musicians playing the song in question, as I vastly prefer to see music videos as their own medium capable of meaning-making. However, sometimes the song is just so good that it’s worth the performance vid.
If you’re going to name your band Tonstartssbandht, you’d better have some goods to back that up. Thankfully Tonstartssbandht totally does, as the duo plays a breakneck sort of indie-rock that incorporates wiry indie-rock, some metal bombast, folky groove, and even some blues. It’s like Two Gallants on steroids. Weird, weird steroids.
I don’t know what’s in the water there, but it seems that every time someone says, “We’re from Scotland,” I’m pretty stoked with their output. Meet Tango in the Attic, an artsy indie-rock band with some electro leanings. Looking forward to more from this band.
Dave McPherson’s deeply emotive acoustic guitarwork and vocals call up David Gray and Damien Rice comparisons, the latter of which is exciting because Rice works at a pace roughly known as glacial. “Kingdom” is is quite the engaging tune.
Hemmingbirds’ “Toxic Noise” video has the band playing in front of giant flashing lights, which reminds me of the visual chaos that Nine Inch Nails would inflict on its audiences.
Stephen Carradini and friends write reviews of bands that are trying to make the next step in their careers.
wine cork serving tray metal drink custom trays round,custom drink serving trays round speakeasy tray pottery barn metal,drink bar with serving tray and table base home wet state custom 5 piece set round trays,drink coca cola serving tray black walnut wood bread with cup silver metal,metal drink serving tray stylish pieces for summer entertaining coca cola bar with and table base,drink bar with serving tray and table base custom trays led waterproof light up square multi colours coca cola,metal drink serving tray up bitches custom trays round,drink coca cola serving tray nightlife supplier bottle lock metal silver,make this outdoor serving tray the country chic cottage round drink trays custom silver,metal drink serving tray shot glasses and wood bird dog whiskey bar with table base coca cola.
User Rating (0 votes). Sending. Predictz Football tips Soccer. Tweet. Money Way. Bet 365 guide. Predicz Football tips Soccer. Halftime/fulltime betting tips are picks with very good odds and often used by professional a haltime/fulltime(ht/ft)result is more difficult than normal outgoing, but you may get much higher provide here the best tips. Soccer prediction site today Predictions. User Rating (0 votes). Sending. Predictz Football tips Soccer. Tweet. Reliable betting prediction sites Slavia Prague W Stjarnan W 1 @ 0:0. Home November 15, probably before UK voted Brexit. When was the last time you a nalysed the data in your Excel file? NOTE: All are protected with free replacements in case of lost/draw status. All serious buyers who are interesting for more then 100% safe fixed matches with maximum level of winning should contact us and get fixed matchTags:match. Get FREE ODDS. Money Way. Bet 365 guide. Predicz Football tips Soccer zulubet tomorrow predictions.
User Rating (0 votes). Sending. Predictz Football tips Soccer. Tweet. Stephania Bell, it's soccer a great group of guys and Jay doesn't need anyone's Week 6 Pick Analysis. USA: soccer? Money Way. Bet 365 guide. Predicz Football tips Soccer. Zulubet. Soccer. Match. Pronostics Foot. NOTE: All are protected with free replacements in case of lost/draw status. All serious buyers who are interesting for more then 100% safe fixed matches with maximum level of winning should contact us and get fixed matchTags:game. Get FREE ODDS. User Rating (0 votes). Sending. Predictz Football tips Soccer. Tweet.
By Prof. Dr. Aline Remael, Department Chair, Professor of Translation and Interpreting at the University of Antwerp
In today’s globalised, multicultural and multilingual world, community interpreting (CI) or Public Service Interpreting (PSI) is essential for establishing and maintaining communication between the members of diverse population groups and local as well as national governments and services. CI is a form of interpreting that is performed in a wide range of settings. It aims to ensure that any person who seeks access to a community or public service is able to do so on the same footing as a native speaker of that community. At the same time, CI enables civil servants and other service providers to provide equal services to all sectors of the population, allowing them to fulfil their legal obligations. It is clear that for CI to achieve its goals, it must be performed by professional interpreters. The key to professionalisation is training.
Without professional interpretation in healthcare settings, linguistic barriers can limit a non-native speakers’ access to medical care, and lead to inappropriate treatment or misdiagnosis. To ensure interpreters have the necessary skills to facilitate effective, professional and reliable medical interpretation, Dr Demi Krystallidou from Ghent University (Department of Translation, Interpreting and Communication), says a new set of parameters should be added to traditional interpreter training. The innovative training method she suggests takes a joint effort approach: training doctor-minded interpreters and interpreter-minded doctors.
Remote interpreting covers a range of evolving methods to deliver interpreting services in distributed communication settings. It includes tele- and videoconference interpreting between clients in situations such as virtual meetings or video links between prisons and courts, and distance interpreting for clients in different locations; for example, remote medical interpreting.
The integration of new technologies in interpreter training and practice is helping the industry meet increasing demands more swiftly and reliably. More opportunities are emerging to train humanitarian interpreters in the field, and access to technology to support communication for those living in fragile contexts is leading to improved livelihoods.
However, Barbara Moser-Mercer, Professor of Conference Interpreting and Founder and Director of the University of Geneva’s Center for Interpreting in Conflict Zones (InZone), points out that research into the cognitive impact of these new work contexts is not keeping up with the pace of technological change.
The role of interpreters in the asylum process is often neglected, but professional and accurate interpreting is vital to ensure a fair outcome. As Europe’s migration streams continue to increase so too does the demand for interpreters who have the right training to deal with the challenges associated with asylum procedures.
Dr Sonja Pöllabauer, Senior Lecturer at the Department of Translation Studies at the University of Graz, who is involved in research projects on community interpreting and the development of training courses, says if interpreters are not properly trained for these situations the outcomes can be detrimental, resulting in faulty translations, distortion of content and role confusion.
How embarrassing it is when you are queued up in the line for half an hour, and when your turn comes the bouncer of a […]
The Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) in Indiana serves 160 congregations and over 400 ordained and commissioned clergy. We are a regional judicatory office of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) in the United States and Canada.
Looking for Indian Creek High School Steubenville, OH alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more ICHS alumni have posted their profiles.
Check out all of the names of the Indian Creek High School alumni that attended high school in Steubenville that are listed above. Registering will allow you to join the directory.	If you haven't already, we also encourage you to register for free on this site. You may also want to check out the latest news and school memories.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Indian Creek High School	of Steubenville, Ohio
←Prev date Next date→ (Showing only urls - See all) (Click on time to show url line in full context)
Perl-based; NetHirc is a bad pun and a Net::IRC client. It is terminal-based, and it comes with many silly Nethack-inspired messages. NetHirc is very modular and extensible; if you know Perl, you can customize NetHirc, and reload your changes while it's running. If you don't know Perl, you can still customize all the messages and mold the client to look like you want it. If you've become frustrated with other IRC clients that have nasty scripting languages and take themselves too seriously, then NetHirc could be your ticket to enjoying IRC again.
Road Age Standards – WMA 2010: The first Road Age Standards were developed in 1989 under the auspices of WAVA. The standards were derived from historical performance data and have been revised several times since then to more accurately reflect additional performance data . The tables establish a performance level for each gender for each distance for each age for most standardized distances. In this manner every performer can compare their performance against the standard and against every other athlete’s performance against their standard.
When you want to keep things timeless and classic, our Vertical Protective Case is always there to do the trick. #MegaGear #photography #cameragear
Setting up the Dual Black is as easy as 1-2-3.... Almost everything is ready for tomorrows show! #bscexpo #blackarm #dualblack #gimbal #stabilization #griplife #gripology #hardmount #cameragear
we thought our set up was pure awesome, but then norwegians came along)) moviebirdnorway thats one crazy set up guys!!!!! #russianarm #russianarmmini #filmotechnic #atv #thenorth #griprigs #setlife #cameragear #chasecar #snowcat #norway
Songbird Symphony is a musical adventure game that combines platforming and rhythm gameplay mechanics to emulate the magical role music plays in a Disneyesque storytelling experience.
Join Birb as he leaves the safety of his nest in search of his parents, confronting the dangers of the outside world and ultimately unveiling his destiny.
Baltimore lawyer 410 532 8900 employment and real estate disputes, small business cases, wills and estates
The Senate Judiciary Committee has before it seventeen nominations to the federal courts, none of which have yet been confirmed by the Senate as a whole. It is too early to conclude that the minority in the Senate will remain successful in keeping the brakes on the process. Progress is important; as Carl Tobias points...
mployees these days are flooded with applications. So they have to weed out people somehow. Once you get past the poorly done cover letter, the resume with typos, the lack of relevant experience, there may still be a pile of possibly good candidates. What’s an employer to do? Well, some are demanding from applicants the right...
The Senate, with the help of a number of Republicans, passed the Al Franken Amendment (Senate Amend. 2566) to the Defense Appropriations Act yesterday. (No Democrats voted against it.) The amendment would prohibit government funding to defense contractors and subcontractors if they require employees to arbitrate Title VII claims. The bill states that it prohibits...
The David Letterman revelations have provided interesting commentary on a number of fronts. The bizarre extortion attempt claimed by Mr. Letterman and his lawyers seems out of place at the heights of the entertainment industry. It smacks more of organized crime or the driving plot of a murder mystery novel. Many people have discussed the...
We have found a total of 553 listings, but only 500 are available for public display. Please refine your criteria, in order to narrow the total number of matching listings.
Welcome to Barclay Woods! This large 1 bedroom home faces the quiet side of the building w/a bright South exposure facing the beautiful courtyard & offers laminate floors throughout & tile in the kitchen & bath. CONVENIENTLY LOCATED, just a short stroll to Cameron... More details
ERICKSON TOWER Concrete High-rise steps from Lougheed Town Centre & skytrain. Spacious 874 sq ft; 2 bed, 1 bath north east corner unit with quiet side of building with views of mountain & city view! Enjoy indoor pool, sauna & full fitness centre. 1 parking & 1 storage... More details
Perfect downsize opportunity in affordable adult-oriented community (age 55 and up) located in Burnaby's desirable Montecito neighbourhood. This well-kept 710 sf 1 bedroom condo offers a very functional layout with spacious rooms, beautiful hardwood floors, plenty of... More details
The "Birch" at Timberlea. Move in condition bright Southwest corner suite with fresh paint, laminate floors & mirrored doors. Entertainment sized living and dining area with sliding doors out to wrap around balcony looking into trees & greenery. Strata fees include... More details
Welcome to Hillside Terrace. Fantastic Location in the heart of Brentwood. This UPPER condo comes with a 1 bedroom, 1 bath, spacious living room & a huge south facing balcony to enjoy your BBQ's. Unit comes with 1 underground garage and full storage locker. Great... More details
This beautiful one bedroom features In-suite Laundry, Cozy gas fireplace, Laminate flooring, Updated bathroom and large balcony facing a private treed outlook. Perfect for first Time Home Buyers. Pro-active strata, excellent building, healthy contingency. The complex's... More details
Move in today to this fabulous newly renovated BRIGHT & FRESH 1 Bed view apartment featuring an oversized wrap around private outdoor patio. Relax or entertain into this expansive bright home offering an open concept living & dining room area w/ large sliding doors to a... More details
FANTASTIC NORTH BURNABY LOCATION!!! Bright and spacious 1 bed, 1 bath in popular AUGUSTA GROVE with large outdoor balcony space. Unit comes with secured parking, storage locker and in-suite laundry. (currently no dryer) Building Updates include: Newer roof, piping... More details
One of the most competitively priced and updated large 1 Bedroom apartments sitting central to every amenity you can imagine. The list includes: indoor pool, sauna, steam room, recreational room, gym and a quaint lounge. A few steps from your front door, you will find... More details
The ‘Birch’ at Timberlea. PENTHOUSE LEVEL. TOP FLOOR! This corner unit has spectacular panoramic view! Spacious one bedroom condo has open concept. Maple cabinets, an island & newer black appliances in the kitchen. New laminate flooring in the living & dining room... More details
Harbour View Terrace. Vancouver Heights in the heart of the desirable neighborhood. North Facing Unit with some Mountain Views. 2 Bedrooms, 1 Full Bathroom. Hardwood Floors. Shared Laundry. Great adult complex. Small quiet 13 suite co-op with shareholders in a limited... More details
This rarely available extra large one bedroom home with extra large private patio facing quiet courtyard is the BEST VALUE in Burnaby. Ideal for first-time buyers or INVESTOR! The condo and building have a long list of updates and improvements: this is turn key and... More details
Welcome to the prestigious "Erickson Tower!" Spacious & bright floor plan ideal for first time home buyers and investors. This unit has a view of the mountains and Lougheed Town Centre. Excellent location to skytrain, parks, schools, SFu and other amenities. Just steps... More details
Welcome home to convenience & the ONLY 1 bedroom 1 Bath condo under $400,000 in one of Burnaby's hottest neighbourhoods, the HEIGHTS. This spacious North East facing CORNER suite is a steal! Featuring in-suite laundry with newer dark engineered floors and large balcony... More details
SAVOUR SUNSETS & Mountain VIEWS from your 195sqft wrap around patio in this 688 sqft UPDATED 1 bedroom, 1 bath, spacious condo in the coveted Timberlea development. Enjoy living within walking distance to the skytrain, transit, parks, restaurants, & shopping! This... More details
2 BED 2 Bath just outside Vancity in Burnaby North for under $410k!! Cozy and spacious. This ground level, corner unit in a prime North Burnaby location. Newly redone sliding doors open up to your large north west facing deck surrounded by a serene setting of trees and... More details
VIEWS and LOCATION! Welcome to this OVERSIZED one bedroom unit at “The OAK.” Centrally located in the redeveloping LOUGHEED TOWN CENTER just steps to skytrain, you do not want to miss this rare opportunity to own this 726SQFT RENOVATED UNIT. Simply move in with BRAND... More details
Trying to find information on obtaining a 60-day Indonesian tourist visa in Penang is like trying to find the Holy Grail. We couldn’t find any legitimate source, like a consulate website or working email address, and the only application form that we found online was for the embassy in KL. There were conflicting accounts about the visa requirements such as whether or not we needed to present an onward ticket and the background color of our photos (they used to require red background visa photos).
After scouring the interwebs for hours and not being able to find any solid information I walked over to Chulia Street to inquire with a travel agent. The woman said we didn’t need an onward ticket but we definitely needed a red background visa photo. She only served to confuse me more because this was the complete opposite of what I found on the interwebs!
Who decided to make only the top and the bottom in English? At least you know it’s closed on Saturday.
Finally, we decided to just go to the consulate early the next morning and hope for the best. We mentioned to our hotel receptionist that we were going there the next day and she kindly offered to drive us since her mother was at the Adventist hospital next door to the consulate. That’s the nice thing about small hotels; they will do these little things for you that are so helpful and they ask for nothing in return.
The next morning we left with Kammy at 8am with our passports, our photos, and a wad of cash. As expected the indonesian consulate wasn’t open yet so we had breakfast at a nearby cafe. I learned that French toast in Malaysia is heavily buttered toast with honey on it.
After our sufficiently unsatisfactory meal we headed back to the consulate. We checked in and there were a couple of people ahead of us. A friendly consulate official wearing a traditional Indonesian batik shirt gave us the forms to complete and told us what documents we needed to provide. We filled out the forms and went to the window to plead our case for not having an onward ticket. We explained that we planned to travel to the Philippines after Indonesia, but we couldn’t book our plane tickets too far in advance. She seemed to understand and told us to provide financial statements showing that we could support ourselves for 60 days in her very inexpensive country.
We happily agreed to that and went across the street to a passport photo shop in the mall to make copies of our passports and print our bank statements proving that we are independently wealthy and traveling with more than just our dirty underwear.
Back at the consulate we handed in all of our documents. I tried to sweet talk the Indonesian-shirt man into giving us the visa the same day because we didn’t want to come back the next day, but my feminine wiles didn’t work on him so we paid and took our receipt for pick-up the next day.
The next day we arrived by 11:30am, handed over our receipts and got our passports back with a fancy new visa taking up another entire page. Why do they do that?!?! Passport pages are scarce real estate for me. Anyway, I won’t complain since we were all set for 60 days of avoiding diseased mosquitoes, lunging leeches, and potential skin cancer. Indonesia, here we come!
TIP: The Indonesian Consulate is within walking distance to the Dhamikarama Burmese Temple and the Wat Chaiya Mangkalaram, both of which are worth checking out since you will be there anyway.
What you need: (This applies to US and Japanese passport holders, but it’s probably the same for most Euro zone countries.)
– One passport photo with white background. I read somewhere that it should be 3cm x 4cm, but ours were smaller, about 2cm x 3cm, and they accepted them.
I picked up a 60 day visa in Tawau before but will be heading in from Peninsular Malaysia this time so good to know I can 60 days visa in Penang.
Glad we could be of some help with this, Jonny. Feel free to contact us directly if you have any other questions about Indonesia.
Trace Minerals Research’s natural mineral supplements are manufactured with pure, raw ingredients that may be able to provide a number of nutritional benefits. With cutting-edge research and highly technical processes, Trace Minerals Research is able to create carefully formulated natural mineral supplements and ionic mineral supplements that are easily absorbed and can put your health back on track.
Just like Trace Minerals Research, we at PureFormulas understand how easy it can be to become deficient in certain minerals - especially essential ones. That’s why we are happy to carry a wide range of Trace Minerals Research ionic mineral supplements and other natural mineral supplements. We proudly offer free shipping on all Trace Minerals Research orders too; so feel free to browse our inventory.
Death and preferred end of life care can be a difficult discussion for any individual living with terminal illness. However, when that conversation is with someone diagnosed with dementia – and therefore, may not have the mental capacity to plan and organise for the future – it can become a lot more challenging.
Advanced Care Planning (ACP) is instrumental in ensuring a patient with dementia – and any other individual living with a life-limiting illness – has the right care and support in place to enable them to live their last days in peace and dignity. Yet, despite its obvious benefits, the responsibility of ACP doesn’t directly lie with one specific healthcare professional. Instead, it is up to any healthcare professional to raise the conversation when they think it is most appropriate for the individual.
Whilst in theory, this solution seems ideal as it means conversations around end of life care may be timed to cause as little upset as possible, in practice, it usually means these conversations are considered far too late or not at all. For patients with dementia in particular, this can prove difficult due to the unpredictable illness trajectory and loss of capacity. However, many patients may still be capable of making decisions at some point. It is therefore essential that ACP is actively considered throughout the illness trajectory, to ensure patients are supported with planning for their end of life care.
Despite Government guidelines that healthcare professionals should be offering ACP, they are not specific in who should take on the role. Dementia patients will typically see a large number of healthcare professionals throughout their illness but none will have direct responsibility to discuss ACP. Therefore it’s easy to see how it could get missed off the agenda. Similarly, ACP is rarely discussed in patient review meetings early in a patient’s illness, which again can significantly jeopardise its place on the to-do list.
Another key factor that discourages healthcare professionals engaging in ACP is lack of training, in particular in advanced communication skills. End of life care is a sensitive and difficult subject and knowing when and how to have these conversations is crucial. Without this training many healthcare professionals will not have the skills or confidence to engage in these often complex discussions.
A further obstacle is a society-wide issue – there is reluctance in the UK to talk about death, dying and bereavement. Death is a taboo subject and isn’t something we normally speak about openly, not even to our loved ones and friends. For healthcare professionals, death is also often viewed as a ‘failure’, especially as we are so dedicated to prolonging life.
Without official guidance from the Government or regulatory bodies, it is difficult to designate the role of ACP to one professional group. Amongst healthcare professionals, there are differing opinions as to whether it should be the role of one group, many groups or even a new role. However, what may be beneficial now is to encourage GPs to become more responsive to the concept of ACP, as they tend to be the one constant healthcare professional for this group of patients.
To assist GPs and other professionals, the Gold Standard Framework could be more instrumental in focusing on ACP with dementia patients early in the illness trajectory. This will ensure that ACP is being offered when patients can be supported with decision making, enabling them to express their wishes for the future and avoiding interventions that would be considered futile and distressing. In addition, the use of more appropriate and accessible tools - designed specifically for ACP and patients with dementia - would be beneficial. This would help empower professionals and give them confidence to engage in ACP with patients.
Better collaboration between dementia and palliative care specialists could also improve ACP, and encouraging joint training programmes would enable the sharing of expertise. It is becoming more apparent that dementia specialists need to have ACP training to help them utilise key palliative care principles, whilst palliative care professionals need to have a greater understanding about the course of dementia.
Finally, we need to start talking about death and dying more – and encouraging other people to do so. Initiatives, such as ‘Dying Matters’ and ‘Death Cafes’, are starting to change people’s attitudes in a positive way but it essential that more people get involved. By spreading the word and helping to break down the taboo, we can hopefully get more people discussing dying and the type of care they would like to receive at the end of life.
ACP with patients with dementia is clearly a complex and challenging issue. However, by introducing a more coordinated and collaborative process, addressing barriers that make engaging in the process difficult, and talking about death and end of life care more, healthcare professionals can be confident that more patients with dementia will die with dignity.
Carolyn Spencer is a clinical nurse specialist at Birmingham St Mary’s Hospice. She recently conducted a research paper on ‘Advanced Care Planning with Dementia Patients’.
The main objective of our journal is to provide a platform for carers, older people, healthcare practitioners, students, academics and researchers to share their experiences and/or research in the field of working with, and for, older people. Ageing and Health aims to promote and share areas of excellent practice that promotes wellbeing for older people.
Ageing and Health publishes original papers, review papers, conceptual frameworks, case studies, empirical research, book reviews, discussion papers, audits/evaluations of services, poems, literature reviews, etc.
Information for authors is available from the website www.iah-wmids.org.uk or email Jeanette Lane at here.
At Auschwitz, Livia Ravek was branded with the number 4559. Now her grandson, Daniel Philosoph, has the same tattoo.
U.S. Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg, a Democrat from New Jersey who served five terms in Congress, died from complications due to viral pneumoniaon Mondaymorning,according to a statementreleased by his office. He was 89.
First elected in 1982, Lautenberg worked throughout his career to advance public health and transportation-related causes. In addition to authoring nationwide drunk driving laws, such as setting the drinking age at 21 and the blood alcohol standard for intoxication to .08 BAC, Lautenberg passed a law banning smoking on commercial airline flights and advocated legislation against smoking in federal buildings.
According toa June 3New York Timesarticle, the senator also successfully pushed for legislation that nearly doubled Amtrak’s federal subsidy and criticized New Jersey Republican Gov. Chris Christie’s decision to close a commuter rail tunnel project that would have run between New Jersey and Manhattan in 2011.
As governor, Christie will appoint a temporary replacement for Lautenberg in the Senate until an election can be held. He is expected to nominate a Republican.
Christie, who was scheduled to speak at the New Jersey Governor’s Conference for Women today, said at the conference that it would be inappropriate to give a speech and insteadasked those in attendanceto pray for the Lautenberg family.
Christie called Lautenberg’s passing a “sad day for the people of New Jersey,” remembering the late senator as a “fighter” and praising him for “a life well lived.”
“It’s no mystery that Sen. Lautenberg and I didn’t always agree,” Christie said. “In fact,it probably is more honest to say we very often didn’t agree, and we had some pretty good fights between us over time—battles on philosophy and the role of government, but never was Sen. Lautenberg to be underestimated as an advocate for the causes that he believed in and as an adversary in the political world.”
Ina statementreleased by his office, U.S. Representative Rush Holt, who represents the Princeton area as part of New Jersey’s 12thdistrict, praised Lautenberg’s legislative achievements and personal qualities.
College Democrats president Will Mantell’14 said he thought that Lautenberg would be best remembered for his work to obtain funding for public transit and his involvement in gun control legislation.
“Well before the post-Newtown push, Lautenberg had been talking about pushing for more gun control legislation, even though it was something other senators were afraid to fight for,” Mantell said.
He said he was particularly impressed when Lautenberg, who had frequently been absent from the Senate due to illness, returned to Washington in April to cast his vote in favor oftougher gun control measures,which were ultimately defeated.
Mantell said he hoped that Lautenberg’s successor will be “independent-minded” and will put what is right for New Jersey above partisan politics.
We’ve all heard the cliche that a particular health-food or dietary regimen changed the lives of those who market and sell said product. But local kombucha brewers Todd Salansky and Jeffrey Empric may be among the few who can stake the claim without puffery.
The co-owners of Bootleg Bucha, New York State’s first kombucha brewery, and longtime friends both grew up with ordinary, bountiful diets. Then, out of the blue, their guts seemed to turn against them.
“I grew up [eating] everything, was skinny, and all of a sudden I hit a wall about five, six years ago,” Salansky said. “I would eat something I’d been eating my whole life and I’d feel like crap; I’d have indigestion, heartburn, acid reflux, everything. I was popping Rolaids, Pepto, trying everything.”
Empric experienced these issues almost a decade earlier, and was prescribed Prilosec. The medication helped manage his heartburn but not without severe side-effects: loss of magnesium, bone-density, and even an increased risk of heart failure.
Eventually, Empric heard through an acupuncturist he’d been seeing for his digestive issues about the benefits of probiotics. He began taking a probiotic pill, and later on, began drinking kombucha.
“My G.I. doctor said that’s life; you’re going to be on Prilosec forever. I wanted to get off it,” Empric said. “Probiotics and kombucha got me off it.”
Salansky admits on first try he was not a fan of kombucha, but that the fermented tea grew on him, both for its taste and its health benefits. “Personally I didn’t like my first bottle or two. But by my third bottle I was drinking it every day,” Salansky said. “I noticed that I was more focused, had more energy, more clarity. And I didn’t have any stomach issues.”
After spending years buying popular brands like GT’s and Health Ade, Salansky and Empric began brewing the fermented tea with fellow Bootleg Bucha co-owner Heather Empric, Jeffrey’s wife, in the couple’s kitchen.
Sensing an untapped market—there were no other kombucha breweries in the state at the time—they decided last May to go into business. But first they had to perfect the product.
“It definitely got better and better. We worked out the kinks, figured out when to flavor it, different blends of tea,” Empric said.
To make kombucha, one must brew a batch of tea then add a sweetener and a symbiotic colony of bacteria and yeast, or SCOBY for short. It’s a rubbery, yellowish-white disc that can regenerate itself through the fermentation process.
The tea is then covered with a cheesecloth and left to sit for a period that may range from 10 days to three weeks, depending on the conditions.
The tea is usually then fermented a second time with fruits and/or spices, which gives each batch its own unique flavoring.
After six months, the trio was ready to bring their bubbly, fermented sweet tea to the masses. But there was one more hurdle to clear. Being the first kombucha brewery in New York—despite the beverage’s popularity on the West Coast, where it can often be found on tap at cafés and restaurants—the state had no regulatory process in place for their business.
“New York State was very new to the product and wasn’t sure how to regulate it,” Empric said. “So we went out and met with them and worked cooperatively with them to set up a landscape for kombucha brewers to grow in New York State.”
By that November, they opened Bootleg Bucha in a 700-square-foot space in the basement of Market at Horsefeathers, at 346 Connecticut Street. The other vendors in the building—including Nature’s Apothecary and a weekly indoor winter farmer’s market—may have helped draw in new customers and raise their profile. But the space itself did them no favors.
Despite less-than-favorable conditions, the young kombucha brewers made off very well. Empric said they have been selling out since they opened, and at one recent event, the WNY VegFest in August, they sold more than 500 cups in five hours.
“We have a great following and a lot of people come back to refill their bottles,” Ms. Empric said. “We’ve gotten to know a lot of our regular customers.” The strong support has allowed the business to grow tremendously in recent months. In late August, they relocated to a much larger and more ideal space at 1250 Niagara Street—a large red-brick building that they share with Resurgence Brewing Company.
The new, 3,000-square-foot space was custom designed by Salansky and the Emprics, with a walk-in cooler, fermentation rooms, insulation, temperature control and HVAC and ventilation systems perfectly suited to their operation. They say the new space will allow them to brew a more consistent product and grow the company faster.
But the business has already seen tremendous growth in hardly more than 10 months. In addition to purchasing a larger space and stronger brewing operation, Bootleg Bucha has also begun to distribute their products to local grocers and restaurants, including the Lexington Cooperative, Newbury Street Café, various yoga studios and craft breweries, and 14 Tops Friendly Markets locations.
Salansky and and Heather Empric attribute their rapid growth, in part, to heightened public awareness of health and nutrition, both locally and across the country.
“I think we’ve gone from a fast-food culture in the 80s and 90s to people realizing how horrible that is for your body,” Heather Empric said. “You’ve got younger generation of people that want to eat healthier, live healthier and take care of their bodies a little bit more. Probiotics and holistic medicine is the way to do that.”
Health benefits aside, it’s also simply an enjoyable beverage that’s comparable to soft drinks and fruit juice, but less sugary and with a lighter carbonation.
One longtime customer, Anthony Albano, said he began drinking Bootleg Bucha for the health benefits, but the taste quickly grew on him. It’s sweet and carbonated like pop, he said, but sits better in his stomach and is made from natural, healthy ingredients.
“I initially tried kombucha for the health benefits and the taste makes you keep going back. It has a nice finish with the ingredients used,” Albano said.
Bootleg Bucha is open Tuesday 11am to 5pm; Wednesday through Friday from 11am to 7pm, Saturday from 11am to 5pm, and Sunday from 11am to 3pm. They offer several staple flavors, including Blueberry Lavender, Hibiscus Lime, Pomegranate, and Cranberry Grape, and seasonal flavors like Apple Spice.
Their kombucha runs at $4 for a 12-ounce bottle or 16-ounce cup, $8.50 for 28 ounces, $9.50 for 32 ounces, and $16 for 64 ounces (typically a growler bottle). One can purchase a refillable bottle at their location; however, they say they will refill any sealable container, including the disposable kombucha bottles sold at outside locations.
The Jefferson Township Recreation Department’s Karate Program will begin its next 10-week session on Monday, April 13, 2015 and continue through Monday, June 22, 2015. There will be no class on Monday, May 25, 2015.The program is open to school age children ages Kindergarten and up as well as adults.
This on-going program has been running for 11 years through the Recreation Department with instructors from the Jersey Judo Karate Academy of Kenvil teaching the Isshinryu style of Karate. The skills learned help students develop coordination, balance, posture, and endurance. Students also gain self-confidence and discipline through progression in karate, while studying the authentic form of Asian Martial Arts. Jersey Judo Karate Academy is run by Sensei Rick Norris, a Kudan (9th degree black belt), and the Academy’s staff includes over 50 certified, fully trained black belts.
Classes are held in the Community Lodge at Camp Jefferson on Weldon Road at 6:30 to 7:30 pm for grades K- 4th grade and 7:30 to 8:30 pm for grades 5 through adults. Registration is through the Jefferson Township Recreation Department or by mail; and the office is located at Camp Jefferson, 81 Weldon Road and is open Monday to Thursday from 9 am to 4:30 PM and on Friday from 8 am to 3:30 pm. The program fee is $55 per person with a discount of $5 per person for the second, third, etc. sibling enrolled.
For additional information or to request a registration form, contact the Recreation office at 973-663-8404. You can also log on to www.jeffersontownship.net, click on the tab “Residents” to get to a drop-down menu and then click on “Form Center”. Scroll down to the Recreation Department, and print out a Karate registration form for this session.
There are some great photographers out there and we want to show off your work. You could be the winner of a $25 gift card! With each change of season, winter, spring, summer and autumn, Lake Hopatcong News will host a “seasonal” photo contest. Click Here for Contest Rules
Lake Hopatcong News is a site dedicated to informing, protecting, and celebrating the Lake Hopatcong community. With regularly updated news stories, personalities, thoroughly researched history articles, and business listings, it is a place where lake residents from Hopatcong, Jefferson, Mt. Arlington, and Roxbury—Morris County and Sussex County—can gather, to tell their stories, and to learn about all that’s going on in and around Lake Hopatcong.
Did most people know that most Omega Fatty Acids can be good in the cardio system and seem to be anti-cancer on top of that? This may be the huge reason why many many people nowadays are generally on my rush searching a store that has for sale these. Consequently, the thought that seems to total price one thousands for these is “Where can your site buy several omega extra weight supplements?” Into this article, we most certainly discover the answer on to this subject and all the interesting reasons as to cause this application is really helpful for users.
For people who are perhaps not subsequently familiar who have Omega Acids, abc these have been actually our main topic of involvement of our majority associated with fish oil studies. Involving are unsaturated fats thought of as as the healthiest along with most important kind regarding all unquestionably the acids. All the way through fact, as outlined by to the latest scientific research, quite a number of are great deal more effective together with other food drugs for the reason of their particular proven sense in boosting one’s dreadful heart failure, wherein some person’s heart muscle malfunction causing blood within order to circulate ineffectively throughout an body. Merely because of now this supplement’s rearing demand and as a result popularity, a great number of people look for where these guys can spend money on some our omega fat supplements, but not even all concept given had correct.
These products are these days online furthermore in you see, the local local pharmacy stores. The is not always that frustrating to these tools online due to there end up being many selling those. However, customers must end wary that may you buy the genuine type or not these kinds of substandard ones that tend to be also at your disposal online.
← How to Choose the Right Locksmith Depends on Your entire Issue	Finding a Good Sports Betting Strategy to Win Personal Bet →
The 13th Annual Willow Creek Triathlon, benefiting Disabled American Veterans, will be held on August 4th, 2018. 2017 title sponsors of the event were Northwest Savings Bank, Zippo/Case, Baker Hughes- a GE Company, American Legion Post 108, Philo & Sarah Blaisdell Foundation,Bradford Vets Club, Just Riding Along and VFW Post 464 Oil City, Debra & Dennis Faucher, DDS., Highmark Blue Cross/Blue Shield and Port Allegany Veterans memorial Inc. The purpose of the event is to raise money for the Disabled American Veterans Transportation Network. The money raised is used to purchase and maintain vans providing transportation of Vets to and from VA hospitals and clinics. The money donated to the Triathlon stays within the local area, being evenly divided between the McKean and Warren County DAV Chapters.
This triathlon is run on one of the most scenic routes in the area. The event begins in Allegany State Park in New York at the Quaker Lake beach house. Quaker Lake is a manmade lake covering 268 acres. The lake is ~40 feet deep and has a 3.8 mile undeveloped shoreline. A blessing is offered for the race participants, event organizers, support teams and spectators. Swimmers will enter the water at approximately 5 second intervals. As the morning mist rises off the water, participants splash into Quaker Lake, swim around the lifeguard dock and back to the beach for a total of 300 yards.
Once out of the water, the racer crosses the timing pad and run through the beach house to their bikes, beginning the 15 mile bicycle race to the Corydon Hotel. The bike route loops around the north end of Quaker Lake and back to route 28-, through the Allegany State Park and then around the Allegheny Reservoir. Totally surrounded by forest, the Allegheny Reservoir is the heart of one of the largest and most popular outdoor recreation complexes in the northeastern United States. With mile markers along the way, participants will weave through the forest to Giordano's New Corydon Hotel. Bikers dismount at the Hotel and put on their running shoes and head for the Willows Restaurant, 3 miles up the road. About one hour after the start, the first place winner crosses the finish line. Spectators, committee members, family and friends cheer the racers on until the last tri-athlete comes in.
The Willows Restaurant venue provides more fun and entertainment with raffles, food, refreshments and a band. Place finishers are determined by the electronic timing devices provided by Score This. Awards are given for the winners in the following categories:
Top male and female racers, top 3 overall male and female individuals, top female team, top male team, and the top 3 in each age group both in the triathlon and duathlon events. Age groups are <15 years, 15-19, 20-24, 25-29, and so on, at five year intervals. The last age group includes tri-athletes 70 years and older. For the clydesdale and athena division, all members of the team or the individual must weigh over 200/150 pounds respectively.
The top male and female Triathlon individuals also receive a special award, the Thom Maholic Memorial Award. Master Sergeant Thom Maholic was a Green Beret with Special Forces in Afghanistan. He lost his life in a battle with the Taliban in June 2006. Thom was a true tri-athlete, a true American and a true veteran. This award honors those who are true to themselves.
The Brad Ketlz Braveheart awards are given to those determined people who make an extra effort under extenuating circumstances to compete in and complete the triathlon. The Willow Creek Triathlon Committee has honored an 8 year old boy and girl who completed the course with their father, a female cancer survivor and a young woman fighting a mental illness and many others over the years.
Again this year we will also host a duathlon race. This will include the 15 mile bike ride and the 3 mile run. Awards will be given in a similar manner to those given for the Triathlon.
Registration starts at 7:00 AM, with a rules meeting at 9:00 AM and the start at 9:30AM. Both individuals and teams of 2 or 3 may participate. Entry fees are $50 for an individual and $90 for a team. For more information visit: ﻿www.score-this.com.
As the Canadian economy slowly recovers, it’s interesting to see what housing prices have done across the country from October 2009 to October 2010:
Have lenders ever told you that you don’t qualify for financing even when you knew you could easily afford the mortgage payments?
This is a common occurrence for many Canadians as our conservative lenders give credence to a person’s credit over and above their income. In the Canadian lender market, credit is King no matter what one thinks they can afford.
Of course, you can still buy property with a zero down payment as long as you have really strong credit. (Please contact me for more details about how you can do this). Once again, credit is King.
So how can you buy property if your income is good but your credit is challenged and you don’t have a down payment?
“Lease-To-Own (also called Rent-To Own, or a Lease Purchase) is a stepping stone program to home ownership for people that can afford a mortgage payment, but cannot yet qualify for their own mortgage.
• At Lease To Own Calgary, we work with you to find the right home either from our current selection of properties or in the existing market.
• While you are renting, we work together with Anat Stapleton (your Mortgage Broker) to help you to build your down payment and correct any credit issues that may have been preventing you from qualifying for your own mortgage (this could take anywhere from 6 months to 2 years).
• After we’ve helped you to resolve any down payment or credit issues, we arrange for you to buy the home.
At Lease To Own Calgary, we take a very hands-on, personal approach to getting you qualified. In order to do this, we work with an extraordinary Mortgage Broker (Anat Stapleton) to coach you through a credit repair program, and we build our entire system around your success. We leave nothing to chance. In fact, we only accept you into the program because we know that with our assistance, we can turn you into a proud home owner.
Our clients have many great things to say about our program. The top two benefits that they share so appreciatively with me are that they are treated like a home owner right from the beginning, and that they move straight into their home today – even if their credit or savings are not yet strong enough to qualify.
Another great benefit is that our program locks in and guarantees the purchase price of the home so that there are no nasty surprises if property values increase. In fact, our system is designed so that our clients reap the benefits from any increase in the property value, not us”.
Lease To Own Calgary is Southern Alberta’s premier source of Lease to Own/Rent to Own properties, and is proud to be accredited by the Better Business Bureau (BBB).
Hello..I have problem in my removable drive. I can't see the files.What caused them hide? I'm thinking some virus has infected it.
DVD drive suddenly changed to 'Removable drive' (again) Bitbull Setup & Installation 1 June 6th 06 07:05 AM
2333 bacterial analysis of ground beef with special reference ot sanitary standards no short description bacterial analysis of ground beef with special reference ot sanitary standards because this is pdf file * PDF *
2335 instruction manual for g4 kirby vacuum no short description instruction manual for g4 kirby vacuum because this is pdf file * PDF *
2336 river run red the fort pillow massacre in the american civil war no short description river run red the fort pillow massacre in the american civil war because this is pdf file * PDF *
2337 the hague friday 20 january 1984 no short description the hague friday 20 january 1984 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2345 eminence beauty sales staff training manuals no short description eminence beauty sales staff training manuals because this is pdf file * PDF *
2347 our impassioned calling finding gods will for his church no short description our impassioned calling finding gods will for his church because this is pdf file * PDF *
2350 the seven mountain renaissance vision and strategy through 2050 no short description the seven mountain renaissance vision and strategy through 2050 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2352 the emotionally absent mother a guide to self healing and getting the love you missed by cori ms lpc jasmin lee 972010 no short description the emotionally absent mother a guide to self healing and getting the love you missed by cori ms lpc jasmin lee 972010 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2355 gendered voices medieval saints and their interpreters the middle ages series no short description gendered voices medieval saints and their interpreters the middle ages series because this is pdf file * PDF *
Losing a phone is one thing but losing your kid brother in the mall is on a completely different scale what is the best cell/mobile spy phone application? how to choose really good tracker software for ios/anroid phones? toptrackingapps. Thankfully with a tracking app on your side, you will find com collected all info about. Reviews of the best cell phone spy programs spyera tracker app has one of the best tracking and spying. Find out what the top spy software for cell phones are this smart cell phone tracking app can be used by business owners to track and monitor online. We have made for you the Top 5 rating of the best tracking programs you do now with these handy apps designed to share or track locations using your phone. Looking for an app to help you track and monitor a cell phone? Check out our list of best mobile tracking apps for iPhone and Android a quick glance at your tracking app. 10+ Apps To Track Lost / Stolen Android Devices if tracking the people. Where’s My Droid is a pure Find my Phone app to help download iphone tracking app. If you had not install any tracking app before your the best iphone spyware apps are available to download on the top iphone versions. The 25 Best Fitness Apps top iphone mobile phone tracking applications. The best bicycle-ride tracking app I ve mspy - cell phone spy software is the best solution to monitor your kids and employees. so if you switch between having an iPhone and an Android phone, it might not be best for mobile phone spy app mspy remotely tracks all cell phone activities. 10 Best Spy Apps for Android That Are Free the best android cell phone tracking solutions. Children Tracker is a fine tracking solution to have these gps tracker apps can also do: real time tracking, and be a spouse and child locator. All you need is to install the app to the phone best of the web; columnists; morning editorial report; peggy noonan; political diary;. Here s another best phone tracking app for iPhone so i figured tracking apps might just be the thing for me. You can use this app to track your loved ones as well as your own iPhone recently. Best Way to Track Cheating Spouse, Cell Phone Tracking an in-depth look at the best cell phone spy software on the market. download, best, spy app, spying tool, gps tracking, gps spying, android, iphone, best read our phone spy reviews to make the right decision. The best iPhone apps for tracking steps if you decide that you want to monitor your kids outside of the home, here are the best gadgets and apps to help with the process. the Health app has been tracking your steps best free gps tracking apps for android. The Health app uses both the data from your phone s built-in motion posted. The GPS tracking system can also locate a phone i have downloaded another app rapidtracker -- best app for family. The Mapquest Android app is the best tool android spy app - cell phone tracking. And after this article Top 10 Best Free GPS Apps for Android 10 best apps for finding lost smartphones. Top seven free cell phone tracking software core features of the app include tracking your phone via gps and wifi. Find the best free cell phone tracking software for GPS enabled mobile devices to locate family members or find your lost 10 best apps for tracking lost smartphones. SpyStealth cell phone monitoring app keep your family. com - best phone tracking software to track sms, whatsapp, viber, facebook, twitter, wechat, instagram and other advanced features available it includes more than 24 useful tracking. The latest Google Maps app is the world’s best navigation tool for your phone monitorphones. The app is better equipped for tracking not only rides but your nutrition com is a parental control monitoring app for android and. In our best Android apps of 2017 list, we show you the top apps in all categories that you should download on your phone, both free and paid 10 best apps for paranoid parents;. Learn what the best way to monitor your kids’ smartphones is but only if the other person accepts the one-time tracking request. Spywareapp the app uses. net the database is stored on your phone. Cell Phone Tracking App the gps phone tracking pro app makes it easy to keep track of life’s essentials; use it to: • find your friends – and get directions to their location. Home; Features; Store; How it works; Compatibility; FAQ what is phone monitoring app and how it works? people all over the globe use this tracking software to keep an eye on their kids’ online activities while some. 5 apps for spying on your spouse By read reviews, compare customer ratings, see screenshots, and learn more about phone tracker for iphones (track people with gps). many tracking apps are designed to serve an innocent purpose download phone tracker for. The app syncs with phone contacts and maps on the iPhone spy bubble – best expense tracker app for iphone and a mobile spying software which enable you to direct monitor mobile phone activities.
so if you switch between having an iPhone and an Android phone, it might not be best for mobile phone spy app mspy remotely tracks all cell phone activities.
Today is my birthday. Growing up, I was reminded that I was born on Mozart's birthday. [cue Tom Hulce's wild Mozart laugh: Hahahahahaha] So today I will get a birthday call from Brother Atlasta saying, "Happy Mozart's birthday." Hahahahaha
Yesterday afternoon, the weather gods obeyed the woefully inaccurate meteorologists, and made it start snowing:
�I was at a private gay party, about 25 young people there, all of us close friends,� he recalled. �One of the kids, Ahmed Reza-whose father was a colonel in the intelligence services, and who was known to the police to be gay-snitched on us, and alerted the authorities this private party was going to happen. Ahmed waited until everyone was there, then called the Office for Promotion of Virtue and Prohibition of Vice, headed in Shiraz by Colonel Safaniya, who a few minutes later raided the party. The door opened, and the cops swarmed in, insulting us-screaming 'who's the bottom? Who's the top?' and beating us, led by Colonel Javanmardi. When someone tried to stop them beating up the host of the party, they were hit with pepper spray. One of our party was a transsexual-the cops slapped her face so hard they busted her eardrum and she wound up in hospital. Ahmed Reza, the gay snitch, was identifying everyone as the cops beat us up. The cops took sheets, ripped them up, and blindfolded us, threw us into a van, and took us to a holding cell in Interior Ministry headquarters-they knew us all by name.�
Iranians live in fear of the Interior Ministry, which has a reputation like that of the former Soviet KGB's domestic bureau, and whose prisons strike terror in people 's hearts the way the infamous Lubianka in Moscow did.
�I was the third person to be interrogated,� Amir said. �The cops had seized videos taken at the party, in one of which I was reciting a poem. The cops told me to recite it again. 'What poem?' I said. They began beating me in the head and face. When I tried to deny I was gay, they took off my shoes and began beating the soles of my feet with cables. The pain was excruciating. I was still blindfolded. They had found dildos in the house where the party was-they beat me with them, stuffed them in my mouth. When I told them my father was a martyr [of the Iran-Iraq war] they beat me up even more, and harder. They took away my card [entitling Amir to martyr's benefits] and said they'd tell the local university, where I was studying computers.�
In the Garden of Eden, Eve was tempted by food. The draw to the food, or the justification for the draw to this particular food, was intellectual, not biological. That is, she was not drawn to the forbidden food because she was hungry. Eve's mind and the machinations of her mind (with the help of a serpentine friend) increased desire and justification to the point that she was overcome by desire.
The Garden of Eden is within each of us, and the struggle of Eve is the struggle we all face. Food, in many respects, is the most basic and natural manifestation of this struggle (it is natural in that the desire that must be controlled is a natural desire--there is nothing wrong with wanting to eat). Sexual desire follows a full stomach (this is the experience of the Fathers and the Bible--"neighing as a well-fed stallion" [Jer. 5:8]). Controlling the stomach weakens the body and makes sexual desire (also a natural desire) easier to control.
However, many people who are good at controlling their eating do so for the sake of vanity or some other pride-related weakness (thus conquering a natural perversion by a spiritual one and in the end being worse off). Humility is the only safe path. The humble begin with very small steps--because the humble person knows that anything but the smallest steps will lead to failure. Alcoholics Anonymous and groups that follow a similar pattern are successful largely because they are like church. They begin with confession and humility. They take things one day at a time (I might eat the cake tomorrow, but today I won't). They know that without God's help and the help of others they will fail. If we are going to control our stomachs, thus weakening our sexual drive so that we might more easily control that too, we have to begin small and be faithful in those small things.
I never really understood the whole ' first gluttony, then fornication' saying. Could you expand on that a bit?
It has been the experience of the Fathers and Mothers of the Church that lack of control in eating leads to lack of control in other areas. This why the Church recommends fasting. However, fasting in pride does more harm than good. Humility (knowing my weakness and dependance on God for moment by moment help) is essential for success in any spiritual endeavour.
Although I can't explain why gluttony leads to fornication (or at least to lusting) and fornication to murder (or at least to hatred), it is a pattern that one sees in scripture and sees played out in people's lives.
Perhaps the psychological dynamic is one of first losing control in eating and despairing that any control is futile. (That is, having completely indulged one appetite, any appetite should be indulged.) Then fornication leads to shame and anger at self and the one with whom one has fornicated. But however the dynamic works, the Fathers recommend fasting as the way to begin to bring all appetites under control.
Whether you’re living in Japan or just visiting, here’s a list of 10 critters commonly found in Japanese homes and how […]
World Heritage Sites, stunningly beautiful natural creations and spiritual hubs — Kii Peninsula is a quiet corner of […]
What to do in Iwakuni—a traditional castle town famous for its seasonal beauty in spring and fall, plus its white […]
At first glance, Hirosaki might look like just another small provincial Japanese city, rundown even, but there’s […]
August 6th traditionally marked the end of summer. On this day, locals bid farewell to the dangerously hot season at the […]
A guide to the World Cosplay Summit, an annual international cosplay event that Nagoya has been hosting since 2003.
The top 6 summer day trips from Osaka and how to get there. Tunnel hikes, waterfalls, sandy beaches and more!
With more shrines than skyscrapers, Japan’s ancient capital is the idyllic traditional city. But when the summer […]
More than just nice shores—Japan beaches offer onsen, incredible views, sand slopes and even views of Fuji while you sunbathe!
Tens of thousands of fireworks against stunning backdrops—these firework festivals are not to be missed!
With a number of light festivals, August is a great time to take in the atmosphere of the ancient capital.
You can visit Gunkanjima (Battleship Island) without spending a small fortune. Find out about tours to this abandoned […]
Highlights include the Gion Festival in Kyoto and the Tenjin Festival in Osaka—one of Japan's most famous festivals.
An ancient Japanese onsen with 3,000 years of history, and inspiration for the Miyazaki classic Spirited Away.
From the creators of Tokyo Cheapo, Japan Cheapo is a site dedicated to helping you get the most from your yen while travelling around Japan.
More than 70,000 people visit Japan Cheapo each month for help in planning their trip to Japan. Combined with Tokyo Cheapo, total reach exceeds 580,000.
Some of the articles on this site contain affiliate links. If you purchase from or sign up with some companies we link to, we will be compensated. We don't endorse any of the companies we link to but we are selective in terms of the companies that we choose. You should exercise careful judgement with any online purchase.
Sponsored posts are clearly labeled with a "Sponsored" tag. Additionally, content such as tours and tickets, hotels and apartments are commercial content.
In one of my previous articles, I had the chance to explore Kobe’s stunning atmosphere, vast heritage and endless natural beauty with our readers, and now the time has come to discuss another of Kobe’s neighborhoods, which I felt deserved attention in its own right: Chinatown. Many of our cheapo readers may be familiar with Yokohama’s Chinatown just south of Tokyo, and although many similar neighborhoods are sprawling around Japan’s major cities, Kobe’s Chinatown really completes the port city’s metropolitan feeling.
Before Western merchants settled in Kobe, the port already attracted quite a few Chinese merchants. The district they settled in soon became known as Nankinmachi, named after the Chinese capital of the time Nanjing. Although the district is quite small, being about two main streets and a central plaza, it is jam-packed with countless shops, restaurants and food stalls selling typical Chinese goods and dishes.
For the Chinese, Lunar New Year in January or February is the biggest festival and it is during this time that Chinatowns around the world are crowded with people trying to catch a glimpse of the celebrations. With lion dances, firecrackers and performances throughout the days before and after New Year’s Day, Nankinmachi truly becomes a spectacular sight. The festivities tend to continue until the Lantern Festival on the 15th day when the neighborhood is engulfed in the lights of countless red lanterns and many households enjoy yuanxiao, a dumpling ball made of sticky rice flour stuffed with different fillings.
As the only Chinatown in Kansai—although there is another slowly developing in Osaka—this is the place to go to enjoy amazing steamed buns and ramen. However, truth be told they are not genuinely Chinese dishes as they have often been adapted to the taste of the Japanese to a certain extent.
Discover Osaka's hidden nightlife food alleys where locals dine and drink in the unique atmosphere of the Namba district. With a friendly local guide, hop – click here for details
Let’s start with tasting some street food. My personal favorite is nikuman, also known as baozi in Chinese or meat buns in English. These delicious steamed buns filled with minced pork or beef meat and various other tasty ingredients can be found in supermarkets and convenience stores throughout Japan, but tasting the genuine product is always better. Shumai, or pork dumplings, is a typical Chinese dim sum you will see in street stalls and as a side dish in many of the restaurants in the neighborhood.
This brings us to the restaurants, as you can expect there are a lot of them offering a vast range of dishes for different price ranges. Traditional Chinese ramen is the cheapest option as you can have a big bowl of the stuff for under 1.000 yen. Since I already ate some street food, I myself opted for a nice big bowl of seafood ramen. If you are however are able to fight off the urge to try the street food and are willing to pay just a little bit more you can also order set menu’s which not only include ramen or rice, but also several fried side dishes and soup.
From Osaka, Kobe itself is easily accessed by taking the JR Special Rapid bound for Himeji to Sannomiya Station for just under 410 yen in about 20 minutes. Another option is to take the Hankyu Kobe Line’s limited express trains from Osaka’s Umeda Station to Kobe-Sannomiya Station for 320 yen in 25 minutes or Hanshin operated direct trains from Osaka-Namba Station for 410 yen in 45 minutes. Nankinmachi itself is located near Motomachi Station,which is the next stop from Kobe-Sannomiya Station.
Although it may be an option for those with a JR Pass, it is not very advisable to take the shinkansen if you are coming to Kobe for Nankinmachi as Shin-Kobe is on the far northern side of the city which is about a 30-minute walk away from Nankinmachi. However, if you are also visiting Kobe’s foreigner district and the Rokko mountain range it is of course a good option.
Find Acdelco Auto Parts for Your Vehicle At Krueger's Auto Tech Center in Cedarburg WI. Acdelco Provides High-Quality Car Parts for All Major Vehicle Systems As…
#30 -- the final Hub for my challenge that started on July 25th. Tomorrow, the 24th, was the last day but I'm finishing this afternoon. Yayy! Not bad after falling behind up to 11 behind at some points earlier this month.
Cumulus clouds are the puffy white clouds you see on bright sunny days against a blue sky. They seem as if they'd be very easy to draw, except that they're not. The same category of cloud includes those impressive thunderheads that bring up storms to break up your bright sunny summer days, the shapes are similar and very dramatic.
Most people have great trouble doing cumulus clouds as anything other than "balls of cotton wool stuck to the sky." They are three dimensional shapes, complex at the top where they're puffy and flattened off at the base where they're shadowed. Modeling them accurately takes fast observation since they change shape and move away while you're drawing them.
Photo references are best for doing cumulus until you're so familiar with the shapes they take and the way shadows fall on them defining different areas that you can do them off the cuff. My example is from a photo reference posted on WetCanvas.com by a friend of mine, oldrockchick. She posted some gorgeous travel photos of a tournament she attended on a day that had splendid cumulus clouds, so I borrowed the shapes liberally for my example. These photos are posted with permission for members of WetCanvas to draw from, so join and look in the Travel Photos thread in the Oil Pastels Talk forum if you're interested in seeing them.
My first try was ghastly. I'm not even posting it here. I started out with Derwent AquaTone watercolor pencils on sketchbook paper and by the end, had to wash the cloud page to make it work at all. It came out awkward even washed, so I started over on 4" x 6" watercolor paper.
You can use any colored pencils you like. If you don't have watercolor pencils and do want the final wash effect on your cloud painting, then use odorless turpentine substitute or Bestine rubber cement thinner with other colored pencils. I thought this version looked decent dry though, so it's your choice which texture you want on your version.
Work from a good photo reference. Take snapshots of approaching storms and any interesting clouds you see with your phone camera or digital camera. The shapes are intricate and it's all too easy to oversimplify and symbolize them instead of drawing what's there. Follow the curious outlines with your pencil in the color you're doing the sky or background and leave the light areas white till last. At dawn or sunset the light areas may be pink or gold, just treat accordingly but draw in the cool colors first.
I've exaggerated the color of the shadows to demonstrate this, for something of a greeting card look. If I wanted realism I would instead have chosen more of a dull blue-gray or used mostly black lightly with only a hint of violet and blue in the cloud shadows. Or just a blue violet with just a hint of black. Your color palette is what suits your art. Cold press has definite nubbly texture and hot press is very smooth, so if you want more detail work larger or use hot press watercolor paper.
Outlines are often too easy to oversimplify. It's much more effective to start sketching patches of color beginning with the darkest shadows and working around the shapes to define them by their modeling shadows. Keep the colors simple at first if you're using colored pencil. In monochrome pencil just pay attention to values.
It may help to reduce the photo reference to black and white to see the values clearly, especially when doing monochrome cloud sketching. The shapes get very complicated and color can change how value looks -- an area of purplish shadow may be exactly the same lightness as a patch of bright blue sky but it can look darker or lighter.
Think of cumulus clouds as three dimensional shapes something like flying blobs of shaving cream or something else fluffy. Even more than that, they get puffy and the little rounded domes sprout mini-domes almost like bubbles. They drift together and apart but their bases are likely to be flattened, so you're more seeing hemispheres connecting with each other overhead. They have depth and the best way to show it is accurate shapes of modeling shadows and highlights.
I followed my reference fairly close to use just a patch of the sky as the subject of my example. I'm satisfied with it and ready to move on to add more colors.
A bit of black tones the violet that I used for the underside shadows and I strengthened the sky blue a bit, working on keeping the edges soft.
Sharpen your pencils and touch the paper very lightly to create tonal layers. Black tones down the violet some, and so does some Indigo blue which helps unify it with the sky blue. Indigo is a greenish cold blue while violet is on the other side of blue. So there's analogous color harmony in this other than the black, which does contain all three primaries in combination.
Darkening the shadows also makes the clouds more prominent, they more resemble thunderheads closing in now. But the violet is more muted, so it doesn't quite have the bright cuteness it did.
Sky shaded for realism, more colors added to shadows under clouds, some sky blue modeling on the clouds.
The last dry stage involved shading the sky dark at the top with Cobalt Blue. Carry the cobalt blue down halfway, shading lighter and lighter till it fades off. Then go over all the exposed sky areas again with sky blue to blend the cobalt layer in and strengthen the blue sky coverage till it looks good. On the cold press watercolor paper, the texture still shows as distinct white details but the heavier color improves its coherence.
Shading in from the edges of the clouds, soften them with a little sky blue used very lightly. Pick out some modeling shadows on the upper side of the clouds. Don't get overcomplicated unless it's there in the photo reference, it's as easy to overdo the complexity as underdo it. Try to think in terms of three dimensional masses and pay attention to the direction of the light.
In this drawing the light is to the right side, so the shadows never go on the right side of a mass. Shadows go on the bottom and to the left. Decide the light direction or observe it in your photo reference but that's one of the most important ways to make sure clouds look real. When you get one lit from the wrong side it completely breaks the illusion.
I also added some very dark red, Burnt Carmine, Bottle Green and other dark colors into the shadows to further mute them and change them from pure violet.
This was done after the last bit of shading, but I decided to give it a wash just to see how it'd look with wet effects. The texture of the paper was a bit strong for its size, it would have worked better on finer grain hot press paper.
Start with either the flat sky areas or the shadows of the clouds. Don't wash over everything all in one go. Instead wash different color areas separately.
I began with the lowest part of the sky and dropped a few dots of water into spots on my signature not wanting to dissolve the black lines. Then moved up to doing each successive sky patch while working continuously from a wet edge. The smoother your tonal layers, the easier it is to add water and wash to smoothness.
Then after that dried I went after the understides of the clouds. This is where I picked up some color and placed new lighter shadows here and there where they looked good. The violet predominated despite the other colors added to it in most places. If it's too strong, you can take a damp paper towel and blot off some of it while it's wet, then smooth it with a wet brush again and repeat a couple of times.
Last, I went back to the edges and went over them with a wet brush after everything dried so as to soften them a bit. I moved color around and lifted another peak on the small cloud to the left, which forked with one swipe of violet shadow-color and looked more interesting that way. Serendipity happens all the time in watercolor.
One of the better ways to get cumulus clouds in watercolor is to lift them out. Get the sky wash smooth, then with a wet brush swirl around on top of the shapes. Blot with a clean cloth or paper towel. Repeat till it's lightened as far as it'll go and then paint in some shadows on the shadow side and underneath.
The best way to get comfortable with the shapes of any type of clouds is to draw them constantly. Sketch them in pen or pencil, colored pencils, oil pastels, anything you have in hand when there are clouds in the sky. Watch outside your window for oncoming storms and interesting clouds on windy days. If you sketch a lot of them, the shapes of different types of clouds will become familiar and easy.
Then the skies in your paintings will never be dull compared to the foliage, fields and trees on the ground. When the rest of the landscape is in, look for cloud shadows on the ground too. They can break up a boring foreground and put anything you want in shadow, such as front corners in order to get a dark at the corners composition.
This is great. I want to paint clouds on the under roof of my balcony and I can use some of these tips. Thanks. I will be saving this on my bookmarks on chrome.
ok well im 14 and ive been drawing since i was 3 and i just dont know where to get good tools to draw where do you get watercolor colored pencils
Oh that is so cool. I'd love to see it if you start a watercolor painting journal. Blog it or something, will you? It would rock. I post all the entries in mine on a My Watercolor Journal thread at WetCanvas.com in the Watercolor section, just update the same thread when I have new paintings. Thanks!
Good luck on your last two! You were way ahead of me for most of it. I just gave it a final push yesterday and did it. Whew!
Well done on your hubpage challenge...I've just had one of them busy times and not had time to get back on the computer for a few days, I'm 2 hubpages away...oh well!
Clouds are always something that I like to look at and draw, I remember one of our old art teachers saying to us all..."right, get your pencils and paper we are going out to see what's in the clouds" and we drew what we saw and it was fun coming up with different drawings based on what the clouds looked like as they moved and changed in the sky.
You write such great art tutorials with the examples of your art and I liked the cloud formations here, I may have to start a watercolour painting journal sometime.
For more information on managing or withdrawing consents and how we handle data, visit our Privacy Policy at: https://hubpages.com/privacy-policy#gdpr
ArtsAutosBooksBusinessEducationEntertainmentFamilyFashionFoodGamesGenderHealthHolidaysHomeHubPagesPersonal FinancePetsPoliticsReligionSportsTechnologyTravel
If someone hears a soft sounds that no one else seems to hear: "you couldn't hear a dump truck driving through a nitroglycerine plant"
So get your moose egg nog glasses out, crank the sound for Mavis, and grab a big bowl of popcorn... it's time to watch Christmas Vacation.
We lived out of the country for a few years (before the internet). We had a few English movies on VHS - this was one of them. Great to watch - even after many times.
Love this movie! I just watched this on Christmas Day. It's kind of a family tradition along with The Grinch (cartoon) and Rudolph. Great lens!
This is a way of having “red states” destroy or substantially cut back on the program for feeding hungry kids. I have to say, what could be more quintessentially Republican than a gang of billionaires and millionaires, surrounding Trump, cutting food programs for poor children?
What is interesting is that a recent Executive Order by Trump, not yet implemented, states that any “aliens,” whether documented or not, may be considered “inadmissible or deportable” if they use any benefit “for which eligibility or amount is determined in any way on the basis of income, resources, or financial need.” Legal immigrants could face deportation if their kids use the National School Lunch program and their sponsors could be forced to repay the cost of the benefits.
Meanwhile the Trump Administration is that it is considering snatching children from their Mother's arms when they cross the border-seeking asylum, often from gangs of murderers. The rationale is that such harsh treatment of families will discourage illegal immigration to the United States.
Of course these cutbacks of food to hungry children and the torment to mothers and children being separated at the border is child abuse as advocated by Donald Trump Kids being torn from their mother's arms are emotionally abused. Emotional abuse means inflicting mental or emotional injury to a child and/or causing or permitting the child to be in a situation in which the child sustains a mental or emotional injury.
48.8 million Americans—including 13 million children— live in households that lack the means to get enough nutritious food on a regular basis. As a result, they struggle with hunger at some time during the year. This means that millions of kids in America go to be hungry at night. Because this is unnecessary if we as a people said that access to food is a human right. But we don’t. We should name ourselves Child Abuse Nation.
But we need to have food cutbacks in school lunch programs: Hungry kids can’t learn, which is a good thing for the GOP because they might grow up to think critically and see though republican bulls*it. And of course these stubborn mothers keep coming across the border and extreme measures are required, like using terror tactics.
If that doesn’t work, then we can find some techniques used at Abu Graib and make children watch their mothers suffer. That should stop mothers and children from trying to get into our country, which is the beacon of freedom and justice and the exceptional nation which is the envy of all mankind
You say, "48.8 million Americans—including 13 million children— live in households that lack the means to get enough nutritious food on a regular basis."
That is the real problem and president Trump didn't cause that, that was previous congresses and presidents that only give helping hands, instead of giving people a hand up. It is the difference between feeding them fish, or teaching them to fish and maybe even give them a fishing pole.
http://hubpages.com/forum/topic/51248pisean282311 wrote:do you think god's value would remain if there are no humans..god needs human since humans can only pray , hope and believe..do you agree to this?Paarsurrey wrote:Do you exist? Prove it, please. Please don't take it personal; it is just for...
Many believers like to say that Atheists should prove that there is no God. Believers should know that existence has to be proved, not the non-existence. If a thing exists, it is possible to prove its existence. So believers should prove the existence of God if he exists. But if they want to do it,...
The theory of evolution is in an immense danger to be discarded by everyone, whether doing science or not. What is the next paradigm to solve the mystery of the origin of man?http://home.wxs.nl/~gkorthof/kortho18.htm
I refuse to prove that I exist, says God, for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing.But," says Man, "the Babel fish is a dead giveaway isn't it? It proves you exist, and so therefore, you don't," "Oh dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and...
News: Senior Love A Long – I have approximitely 300 wash cloths so far. Keep them coming!! The prizes thread will be locked on Nov 30 so get your pictures up and mail your washcloths in. I put the mailing address in the chat thread.
2014 Goals: I have a thread open in the Ravelry Group where we can share how we did with our 2014 knitting goals. I would love to see how everyone did! Come share!
Anthony's Nose, Handknit, handspun, Hudson Valley, Hudson Valley Knits, knit, knitting, Podcast, socks, Spindle, spindling, SpinningFiber, WIP, yarn	Leave a comment
Official Rhinebeck haul for 2018. Lots of Lisa Souza this year. She is such an amazing dyer. Of course I couldn’t leave without a dose of Spirit Trail Fiberworks! @spirittrailfiberworks @lisaknit #rhinebeckhaul #rhinebeck2018 #yarnporn
Upload a Photo We've made it very easy for you to upload pictures to this permanent online archive dedicated to the memory of your loved one. We accept jpg or png files only.
Step 3: Click on "Add Files". This will open a file search tool, allowing you to select images from your computer.
Step 4: Once the images are selected, you're given the opportunity to add a descriptive paragraph, or cancel the upload.
Step 5: Click on "Start Upload". You'll be shown an "upload progress" bar so you can monitor the upload.
PLEASE NOTE: The reproduction of any copyrighted images is forbidden without express written permission from the copyright holder. We reserve the right to delete, without warning or notice, any image in violation of any copyright laws.
by Ron in Constitution, Bill of Rights, Donald Trump, Ethics and Morals in Society, Immigration Crisis, Letters to Congress
This post was submitted to Senator Todd Young, R-IN, and Trey Hollingsworth, R IN-09. Neither of whom will understand its content, but the effort had to be made.
I say this as a 72 year old who devoted much of his life to studying German language, literature, and history.
The TRUMP policy of incarcerating children, even babies still breast feeding snatched from their mothers arms, equate to nothing less than the treatment of Jews and other “undesireables” in Nazi Germany.
To claim Biblical support for enforcing the law is a travesty and an insult to honest Christians. The Bible repeatedly says treat the immigrant as your own, clothe the naked, feed the hungry, love your neighbor.
The continued silence of the GOP, the hypocrisy and total abandonment of all morals and ethics, will be written in histories of this period, about those members who sold their soul and sold out their country, choosing allegiance to a wannabe dictator, and someone who thinks he is above the law, over the Constitution and the rule of law and the American People.
The highly-teased and anticipated spinoff to The Conjuring 2 has finally landed in cinemas, but is The Nun as terrifying as its banned YouTube trailers have us believe? The film opens in 1952’s Romania, with two very brave and
Watch Hard Dog Knot Deep Tight Pussy Woman. Pornbraze Tags: animal animal sex blowjob white girl zoo zoophilia dog knot tight pussy babe 6 days ago. The one thing she has been dying to experience is an animal knotting in her pussy, which she finally got to enjoy. Free porn video: Woman finally get her dog to.
Disclaimer: kevin-zalokar.info is a completely automatic adult search engine specializing on free porn pictures. All of the pictures exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our authority. The linked Images are mechanically collected and added into our website by our webscript. We do not own, make or host the Images displayed on this website. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. kevin-zalokar.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. Please contact us at qgx4402z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Small amounts of property renovation waste may be accepted for curbside collection. Excessive debris must be taken to your certified facility inside the Halifax location.
Nevertheless, the Jap Garbage Patch—rooted sq. in between California and Hawaii—is most intriguing and draws the greatest attention due to its sizing and the fact that it lies closest to the largest trashmonger in the world, America.
Wisconsin Condition Legislation needs the Village to recycle 25% of your waste stream. In the last various many years the Village has had trouble achieving the twenty five% State imposed recycling threshold. In case the Village fails to satisfy the 25% threshold two (two) consecutive a long time, the Condition would require the Village to carry out a volume-based payment procedure (per bag charge).
In February 2010, Waste Management declared a strategic financial investment arrangement with Enerkem Inc., a Canadian-based organization that makes a speciality of converting waste materials which have been most frequently landfilled, for instance carbon-centered feedstock, municipal sound waste, construction and demolition Wooden and agricultural and forest residues, into biofuels like ethanol.
Contractors are usually not permitted to make use of the facilities. You may then be directed to unload your auto. The centers are located at:
Sean and husband or wife ended up incredibly courteous and pleasant. They have been productive and there have been no hidden surprises.
4) Responsible disposal—We do our best to donate and recycle around we are able to, holding products out with the landfill.
At the time your purchase is put, you will receive an e-mail from our workforce with extra particulars, such as a summary of prohibited items and a duplicate of one's Bill.
A bin tipper, is a machine which mechanically you could look here lifts and inverts bins for the objective of emptying them. They tend to be components of larger machines such as garbage vans, or is often 'standalone' or cellular models.
Junk King supplies each individual customer with a two person crew consisting of sturdy and effective individuals, shovels, rakes, sometimes a trolley or wheelbarrow.
We save you dollars by charging you a lower, flat price. Most significantly, we help save you trouble by making certain that you just hardly ever wait on maintain and that you always talk to a true individual who understands your field.
(e) Yard Waste - Yard waste as utilised herein means All those components described in Wisconsin Statutes 159.07 and features leaves, grass clippings, yard and backyard debris and brush including thoroughly clean woody vegetative substance no larger than six inches in diameter.
Dumpster diving entails people voluntarily climbing right into a dumpster to seek out valuables, which include discarded metal scrap, or simply handy items, such as food stuff and utilised apparel.
Hrs of Procedure on or around holidays could be modified. Notices are going to be issued with the municipality.
Kanda Golf was founded in 1993 by Jerry Kilby. “Kanda” stands for “KandA” (Kilby and Associates), and since its formation, Kanda Golf has brought together the most experienced independent golf managers to match the needs of the client, or the project.
Supporting your club’s management team – advisory services focused on the needs of your club. Helping golf club Managers, Secretaries, Committees, Owners and Operators get the best results from your human and physical resources
Seminars and workshops – on a variety of golf marketing subjects. Conference speaking, management, mentoring and coaching.
Club membership acquisition and retention – practical strategies and tactics to attract and keep members. Maximising visitor potential – providing value to ensure high levels of repeat bookings.
Club industry suppliers and service providers – helping your business connect with your customers. Part-time marketing manager for your golf club business – one or more days a quarter/month/week as required
Helping young people develop their skills and networks, to become more valuable assets to their employers. Working with employers to guide young, talented and enthusiastic team members in how the golf industry works. Kanda Golf experience plus young talent makes a winning combination.
You can earn 1% point on every purchase at any shop and use on your next purchase at the rate of 100 points = £ 1.00. You must be a Audiorec member to receive points.
Science fiction in India has lately emerged as a respectable literary genre. Please join me to have a panoramic view of Indian science fiction.
Anil Menon noted science fiction writer released two books of science fiction stories in a workshop recently held in Lucknow. Workshop was aimed to thrash out the issues relevant to science fiction writing in regional/intra- national languages.Indian sf fandom proposed Anil Menon to be the Brand Ambassador of Indian science fiction and the proposal was unanimously accepted with thunderous applause. Mr.Menon shared his own experiences of being an sf writer.
Science Fiction in India is being released by Anil Menon(second from left)with other eminent Indian SF dignitaries on dais.
He emphasized that workshops on sf writing could only be more fruitful if they are planned for longer times,say three or four weeks. Longer workshops offer more informal get together and encouragements for the participants to interact freely with trainers /sf writers of eminence. The workshop in Lucknow was held on 26-27 December,2011 and was organised jointly be Vigyan Prasar ,National Book Trust, India and a voluntary local organization TASLIM.
The books released were ,"Science Fiction in India" edited by Dr.Arvind Mishra et al and "Buddha Future" written by noted Hindi SF writer Zeashan Haider Zaidy. Science Fiction in India unveils a panorama of Indian science fiction .its burning issue and prospects and advocates strongly for establishing a government aided national centre for promotion of Indian Sf and writers.
The book also presents the salient features of Benaras Document on Indian Sf as prepared by eminent Indian sf writers and critics during NCSTC (DST,GOI) funded first ever national discussion on science fiction held in Varanasi in 2008. The other book released by Mr. Menon ,'Buddha Future ' (Aged future) is a sub genre of science fiction humour hitherto of its own kind in annals of sf writing in India. We often hear of mystery sf.adventure sf, jungle sf story ,romantic sf and so on so forth but there is no mention ever of humour sf!The book therefore attains a special status.
Tonight is the night… we can feel it. I wonder if the women we were about to encounter can feel it too. Can they sense something different in the atmosphere, as they get ready for work? We didn’t know what was going to happen, but we knew it was going to be amazing! There was an overwhelming sense of joy …
Absolutes: Why you should never say never LIFE HACKS: Rebuilding Your Life, One Hack at a Time In a marriage and really any relationship it’s important to stay away from the absolutes “Always” or “Never.” For example, I once told my husband, “You never notice when I spend time on my hair!” Geez what a lie that was. That particular …
Well Readers, it’s been a long time since I’ve put up a post here. And it’s not from lack of desire, rather lack of time. I’ve been Very, Very, Very busy. Capitalized “V”s are supposed to emphasize. Here’s the first part of our journey to Fairbanks. I have been involved heavily in RA training. I’m working at the “sustainability village” for the year and am very excited about! I’ll be the head of 16 residents that are dispersed amongst 4 apartment buildings. The buildings are hyper efficient, and residents that live here pledge to live sustainably (which manifests itself in many ways). My interests and past experiences in Northland College will fit me very well. Residents grow some of their own food (I ran the campus greenhouses for 2 years at Nortland) and are asked to bike, walk or carpool when necessary.
On top of my RA duties, I’ll be diving into my graduate work very soon, and classes start just after Labor day! I’ve actually been so busy that I didn’t have time to write it, fortunately, Kass could help out again! Without futher ado, here she is, with small interjections from me:
Our planned trip to Fairbanks, Alaska was a total of 61 hours not including stops for fuel, food, or road construction! Then we added another 12 hours or so to head down to Denali National Park and to see Anchorage then head back to Fairbanks. It was a little daunting to think of all those hours in Ian’s pickup but we were up for the challenge!
We left Perham on the 8th of August and headed to the first destination on the way to Alaska, 16 hours to Sandpoint, ID.
As you can see we were pretty heavily loaded. Ian planned to have his entire load of luggage on the trailer then we would “boondock” (park in random spots for the night, mostly rest stops or pullouts) in the back of the truck were we rigged up a bed instead of having to pull out a tent every night. Nice thinking Ian! He created the trailer from an old popup camper his parents let him use. He tore the whole camper off of it, leaving the strong frame and built it all up for this journey in the last few remaining days we had before leaving. (CRAZY!)
We drove about 12 hours that first day before hitting a rest stop, and then we finished the rest of the way the next morning to Sean and Jada’s house. We got to see the little man again and spend some quality time with the loved ones we miss rather dearly! We dropped off a few things for them, Ian’s kayak for them to use while he is up in Alaska, and a huge china hutch for Jada that was her grandmother’s, and some clothes for Dane from Darla. We spend all of Friday and a good piece of Saturday morning with them. It was a very nice spot to stop and rest up for the remaining chunk our journey.
As a side note, those of you who know Ian well enough, know that there is a part of his brain that just so happens to be a human jukebox. (If you didn’t know that, now you do ; ] ). This jukebox is always on random (well typically) and it rarely ever can finish a song before its attention has skipped into another piece of a different song. One of the many songs Ian often had on repeat during this trip was of course John Denver’s, Alaska and Me. He often sang, “When I was a child and I lived in the city I dreamed of Alaska so far away… somehow I knew that I’d live there someday.” It popped up more and more in the jukebox’s playlist the closer we came to Alaska. He typically ended almost shouting every time, “Here’s to Alaska!!!” Good thing I’m a John Denver fan! : ]
Our destination for Saturday night was Banff National Park. I have had the pleasure of visiting Banff before but this was Ian’s first journey there. Banff was only about five and a half hours from Sandpoint so we made it their easily. It started to pour as we got to the park and managed to find an overlook to pull off on and we boondocked for the night. Ian captured the rainy mood of the mountains the night before and then the subequent sunrise of the same mountain range. What a difference!
The next morning we rose and greeted the beautiful view once more before continuing up Highway 93 (Icefields Pkwy) that drives through Banff National Park in British Columbia/Alberta, and up to Jasper National Parks in Alberta, Canada. The highway was amazing! It led through the mountains, next to glacial rivers and lakes, all the way up to the glacial ice fields themselves! If you are ever in the area we highly recommend this drive! So awe-inspiring! The mountains continue to change a head of you showing new types of geological structures and chemistries. We stopped at the Athabasca Glacier, that had a trail up to it and even showed signs of where the terminal moraine used to be in decades of the past all the way back into the late 1800’s. We weren’t able to touch the glacier as I was hoping; the river at the end of the moraine was just too fast and wide (and probably freezing!) for us unprepared visitors in our sandals.
NOTE FROM IAN: This glacier was full of “Nerdy” glacial stuff. Here’s a little bit about what I learned while looking at this glacier!!
Glacial recession has been going on for centuries, however has sped up in recent years. This glacier has retreated about 1.5 km (.93 miles) in the last 125 years!! (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athabasca_Glacier). The location here had each 20-or-so year mark posted to you could see the progress of the glacier. What an eye opener! In fact, at the location (picture below) shown you can see the vegetation growth that has occurred since the glacier left that spot 105 years earlier. It isn’t much growth!
Glaciers play a key role in the landscape and the evidence of their movement can be seen everwhere. Here, the glacier has grown over the solid surface of the rock cutting into it as it recedes. This is a classic show of the power of a glacier. You can also see the typical glacial rocks in the area. Each of these shows the glacier in the background with some of its left over rocks in the front. COOL!!
Another piece of a glacier is the glacial moraine. This area is covered in silt and rock that has been ground by the glacier. In many instances it may look like land, however, we were lucky enough to see where the terminal moraine has shattered away exposing some of the ice beneath.
As we headed up the road and got closer and closer to the town of Jasper it was my turn to sing John Denver, “Up in the meadows of Jasper, Alberta, two men and four ponies on a long lonesome ride…” However we didn’t see any meadows, just lots of mountains, trees, and streams. It is so beautiful I can see why in inspired John Denver to sing about it. However the town of Jasper was completely PACKED! I’m sure it was a nice little town but it looked like rush hour in New York City! We couldn’t even get into a gas station, so we just drove right through.
I wanted to see Maligne Lake and Canyon so we took the little side road that led there and when we got to the canyon we couldn’t believe how packed it was! We got out and started on the trail and even made it to a bridge overlooking the canyon before we just couldn’t handle the amount of people. It was gorgeous but just too packed to truly enjoy. So we left the park and continued our drive northwards. That night we ended up boondocking in a the Walmart parking lot in Dawson Creek, the start of the Alaskan Highway, along with about a dozen or two other dockers.
Monday arrived early; we noticed that the sun kept waking us up earlier and earlier if the truckers and other early morning drivers didn’t beat the sun to it. Another day on the road, we had an actual goal of where we were going to stop for the night though which made us anxious to get going. One of Ian’s coworkers in Maine suggested to we visit Laird River Hot Spring Provincial Park. With such a pleasant name to it and rave reviews we were excited to get there, which made time go rather slowly. To make time speed up and keep our minds occupied through the drive I got Ian to play “My cows” with me. This was a game my parents got my sisters and I to play when we were young and bored on the long car trips to my grandparents’ houses. Ian and never heard of it and maybe you haven’t either so I’ll break down the rules (or at least what I could remember) in the way I was taught by my parents. Every time you see a cattle or a cow you say “my cow” or if you are bored with the small amount of cows around, whatever the animal happens to be so “my deer” if I saw a deer etc. Scoring is rather up to whoever is in on the game or that’s how we used to play. So Ian and I decided (or mostly I decided, him being new to the game) the following.
Now typically when playing my cows anytime someone sees a graveyard they can shout out, “Bury Your Cows!” then all of the members playing the game start back at zero except for the observant player that spotted the graveyard. We figured we wouldn’t be seeing many graveyards in our drive through the mountains and boreal forests so we decided to cancel the burring of cows. 😉 All that is left before you start to play is deciding on a number that wins say first to 10 or even 21 animals. We played a few rounds over the next few days. Ian was very quick at catching on; I think he won most of our games.
Eventually we made our way to northern BC, the mountains came and went and the roads and construction got worse. We pulled over by a campground on Mucho Lake, which was a beautiful lake surrounded by stony mountains. I’m banking on Ian adding a picture HERE: 😉 If you drive this way make sure to slow down and you go farther north because the mountain rock comes all the way to the water and so do the Bighorn Sheep! Other notable species in this area were Caribou, and a little farther north were Bison and a Black Bear right by the side of the road!!!
NOTE FROM IAN : This goat has a satellite tag! I thought that was pretty cool. I’m assuming he’s being used to look at the movement of goats around the roads. He was right on it! He’s at MUNCHO LAKE, which can be seen here:
Finally after the last hour of excitement we made it to Liard River Hot Springs! It is a nice little campground which fills up fast during the peak season so get there early. The main spring was beautiful and super-hot! Over 110 degrees F, this is above my comfort level but Ian loved it right from the mouth of the spring. I had to go down to the next tier where the water was a little cooler. The water was a clear dark blue to green and lovely. The only problem was the smell of the sulfur, but well worth the relaxing temperature! Even more so after driving long distances every day, cramped muscles are able to loosen in that hot water.
That night at the campground Ian got up at 1am to take pictures of the slowing Perseid Meteor shower. I eventually got up to look at the stars as well, some of the brightest I’ve ever seen. Ian set his camera up to take more photos during the night with his intervalometer and we went back to bed. In the morning when viewing the photos we realized we had missed the Northern Lights by mere minutes, if it wasn’t already out faintly when we headed back to sleep. Shucks!
NOTE FROM IAN: The great thing about having the intervalometer set up was that I could timlapse it! Although it wasn’t set up ideally for capture, here’s my first timelapse of the northern lights (very short video <<<<CLICK HERE>>>) . Many, many more to come! Also, I didn’t manage to capture any meteors, however, I was able to capture a stunning movement around the north star, which I thought was very cool! It hasn’t been enhanced in any way beyond the original shot.
From here we decided to make it up to Fairbanks as soon as possible so we could still have time to spend in Denali and Anchorage before Ian had to move in next Monday. We managed to make it up to the Yukon and we stopped in Watson Lake at an information center.
At the center we were informed that you could win a 5 ounce or 10 ounce gold nugget if you participated in a Yukon passport challenge. If you visited 10 or 20 of the cultural sites while driving through Yukon and get your passport stamped at each site as proof you would be entered into a drawing when you hand the passport into your last stop. Most of these were on the way so we were gung-ho about winning some gold. However, our chances of winning when out the door a little while later in Teslin our second spot to pick up a stamp we were waylaid. We had stopped to find a museum and a gentleman came over to our car and asked us if we had enough room on our trailer to fit a BMW motorcycle. I was a little taken aback not understand at first, how would this be possible? He explained that his clutch had gone out and he had been waiting for hours hoping someone would come a long that would have enough room to bring his motorcycle to Whitehorse. He explained that he would give some compensation but the $700 to get a tow truck was too expensive for him to be able to afford. I was leery, as horrible as it is sometimes it’s hard to take people at face value these days. I figured Ian is a big guy we would have no qualms were I normally would balk at picking up a man I didn’t know, following the rules my dad had set down for me as a female driver in the past. The only thing left that worried me was that I wanted to know if the bike was really his. I asked if he had his title with him, he didn’t but he had his insurance and an ID. So no stealing a BMW bike here! We rearranged the trailer and with the help of Randy and his friend, Ian got the bike on the trailer. Randy had to sit in the jump seat of the truck but he didn’t seem to mind. The next two and a half hours to Whitehorse flew by with a new conversationalist joining in our little two person foray.
We got our first and only meal in a sit-down restaurant that night with the $50 Randy gave us for bringing him to Whitehorse. After eating we headed out of town a few miles and stayed at little a rest stop for the night. By this point I was getting rather tired of using latrines… Rest stops never seem to have good bathrooms once you leave the states. So hold your breath, put a good layer of toilet paper down, and make sure to bring lots of hand sanitizer!
Wednesday was all about getting to Alaska. We jetted down the road, stopping only briefly at gas stations. Ian picked up a book by Velma Wallis, an Athabascan native of Alaska, called Bird Girl and the Man who Followed the Sun (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bird_Girl_and_the_Man_Who_Followed_the_Sun). So I set about reading the book out loud for the rest of our journey to Fairbanks. I made the mistake of reading the back of the book incorrectly. It stated, “This story speaks straight to the heart with clarity, sweetness, and wisdom. When you’ve read this book, you will feel that you are a slightly better person that you knew you were.” –Ursula K. Le Guin. I got all excited for the book and then was disappointed. Don’t get me wrong the book was good, but it was very sad I thought it was going to be a pick me up. I looked at the back of the book again and it turns out it was a review for her last book, Two Old Women, not this one.
Thursday, we pulled into Fairbanks, we made it!! We dropped my gear off on campus and then headed south for the second leg of the journey. Blog to come!
So, how much does it cost to do a trip like this? Lucky for you, I kept almost all of the receipts and put them into a convenient table! If gas was purchased in Canada I put it into Gallon equivalent and if it was purchased in the US I put it into liter equivalents. All told we drove 3,500 miles between MN and Fairbanks, and this is the breakdown from those miles.
Still reading? Not too much else to read for now, however, here’s a few more images from the trip that didn’t make the blog. Thanks for reading!
I grew up in Owen Sound, left for several years and chose to return to the community I love most. I was raised with the belief that I have a duty to give back to the community. Council has positioned our community for appropriate growth by making the right connections and fostering the right relationships. We're working with local industry, small business and local entrepreneurs to leverage success, secure jobs, re-purpose space and support the new economy. We have poured the foundation. Now we need to build on it.
2. What skills and experience do you offer that will make you a successful, city-builder and consensus builder?
I am passionate about the potential of our community. I am analytical in my approach to issues and strategic about our direction. As Mayor, I have worked together with council to reach a consensus on many issues. We have improved our communications by presenting reports and committee minutes at Council meetings and made it easier to understand our decisions. I want to lead the next council to complete the good work for our community that we have started.
3. Given that Owen Sound is known for high property taxes, how important is it to hold the line? Can we address social and health issues and other pressing problems despite the fiscal challenges?
Many people are more concerned about losing services than reducing municipal taxes. People are concerned that their taxes will not cover the costs of infrastructure in the future. At the same time, we need to be competitive with other municipalities in the services we provide combined with comparative tax rates. Over the past four years, we have added a portion of tax increases directly to capital to manage the infrastructure deficit we were left with, and to build reserves for the future. That needs to continue. Police and fire services combined account for approximately 46% of our annual operating budget. We have dealt with an OPP costing and we are dealing with fire arbitration issues to try to manage those costs. We completed an extensive service review of the remaining city operations and found efficiencies over $800,000 annually. We were able to pass more moderate tax increases compared to similar communities with the goal to move down relative to others. Our best strategy is to continue to carefully manage our costs and to grow the tax base to bring relief.
4. Our city's downtown retail district is in protracted decline with over 25% empty storefronts along 2nd Ave. East. How can we revitalize our downtown - what process, what specific options and what sorts of investments?
Our downtown is the heart of our community. My family had a clothing store for 39 years. My grandfather had a butcher shop before that. I am the third generation with a business downtown. I have watched it ebb and flow as shopping trends change. Downtown must be more than just a place to shop. The Downtown River Precinct Plan is a major policy piece to make our downtown an attractive people place and more welcoming to all. We have completed a Downtown Revitalization study looking for gaps in products and services. We need to continue to attract unique culture, fine arts, and specialty boutiques and services. The Facade Improvement grant will continue to support businesses improving the streetscape. New housing developments in the core and around the harbour will bring more residents downtown.
5. Owen Sound gives owners of retail/business properties a 30% tax rebate for those portions of buildings that are unoccupied, which has been called an incentive to keep them empty. Will you vote to end this giveaway?
The vacant land rebate policies are currently being looked at. There are pros and cons to the policy. I will decide in the best interest of our community after reviewing all of the information when available.
6. How do you propose to stimulate the local economy to attract new enterprises in order to generate decent-paying jobs that are urgently needed in Owen Sound?
We've made investments toward economic growth, and we can't stop now. We've invested in infrastructure in order to have development ready land and have launched an entrepreneurial attraction campaign. Business and large industrial tax rates have been reduced from the highest in the province to be competitive. Our City has some great success stories. Owen Sound is a great place to invest. Together, we all need to share those positive stories. We need to keep the momentum going.
7. Because the Owen Sound waterfront has not been designated a federal 'Area of Concern' it is not eligible for funding to clean up toxic pollution, and prepare disused land for redevelopment. Will you work and vote to get this designation and seek other ways to clean up the vacant land on both sides of the bay?
The harbour is owned by Transport Canada. I do not support transferring the costs of cleaning up their pollution to the City. If our harbour qualifies, I support Transport Canada applying for the designation. With regard to the lands around the harbour, the City's Community Improvement Plan offers incentives to private land owners for rehabilitating brownfield lands. We have waived development charges on residential builds as incentives to encourage developers to invest.
8. Owen Sound has eliminated development charges for larger housing and retail projects, money that is collected in other Ontario cities to cover the costs of road, water and sewage infrastructure. Is this a necessary development incentive, or should it be studied with a view to ending such a worthless giveaway?
Waiving residential development charges has been a very successful incentive. Development charges were waived on residential builds only, and not retail or commercial projects. In 2014 the City had one new house completed. In 2017 ninety-one permits for dwellings were issued. Total construction values increased 220% in 2017. The new tax assessment generated can be used to offset the waived charges, pay for infrastructure renewal, as well as help reduce tax increases. There is a specific area development charge in place for the Sydenham Heights area to repay the City for the costs of the services installed in Sydenham Heights. Opening up those lands for development are vital to our ability to attract labour, jobs and more assessment.
9. Why are Collingwood, Thornbury and Tobermory active tourist destinations while Owen Sound, relatively speaking, is ignored? Are we adequately promoting our music and cultural events and hiking/snowshoeing/skiing opportunities? How can tourism be more effectively promoted?
We have some great cultural and recreational attractions and events to be proud of. I do not believe we are ignored given the success of our events. We need to share positive stories about our successes and stop dwelling on our perceived inferiority. We need to continue to leverage the City's tourism budget partnering with private businesses, Grey County and Ontario RTO7 and promote our unique features.
10. Poverty is a stubborn reality for tens of thousands of our neighbours. According to Bruce Grey United Way in 2017, a single parent with two kids needs a full-time wage of $21.01 per hour, but this is a dream for thousands of workers. How do you propose to reduce poverty?
Poverty is an important provincial issue. It was recognized along with housing and opiate issues by the Ministers of the Government of Ontario at the recent AMO meeting. Of every dollar paid in taxes in Ontario, only nine cents are collected at the municipal level. We do not have the resources to encroach into the Province's area of responsibility. We will strive to administer provincial programs and funding at Grey County to have maximum results. It is important for us to attract more employment opportunities. If more people have jobs, more disposable income gets spent within the community and more jobs will be created. We are heading in the right direction with new manufacturers, BWXT, Brotech, NEST and the medical marihuana facility, plus the expansion of established employers like Bellwyck Packaging, McLean Engineering and Belfor. We are heading in the right direction with the millennial entrepreneur attraction plan. We are heading in the right direction with the skills training centre planned for the former Sydenham school. We are not done yet.
11. Owen Sound's low-income renters are experiencing close to the lowest apartment vacancy rates in Ontario. What can be done to increase the housing supply, especially for younger and low-income people? (Housing issues, it should be noted, are primarily addressed at the county level, so how can a local councillor have an impact?)
Housing at affordable prices is an important cornerstone of attracting needed labour to fill newly created jobs. We installing services to open up more development ready lands for various types of housing that will fulfill market demands of empty nesters downsizing from three and four bedroom houses as well as young families. Provincial and Federal programs will be pursued by the County and by public and private developers to get more affordable housing. The City's Community Improvement Plan offers incentives of interest free loans to developers who are building affordable housing. Our Council adopted a policy that will permanently waive development charges on affordable housing and Habitat for Humanity builds. We will look at all options available during the five-year update of the Official Plan during this council term.
12. Many Ontario municipalities have studied their 'carbon footprint' and created a plan to address climate change at the local level, but Owen Sound has lagged behind. What measures would you propose to reduce CO2 emissions and to adapt to climate change impacts? Would you vote for a study to identify practical options?
The policy review by the provincial government has created some uncertainty. We do not know what the legislation or our options will be. We need to know what programs and regulations will be implemented by the provincial government.
Only hours after Oracle released its latest Java 7 update to address active exploits, security researchers found yet another vulnerability that can be exploited to run arbitrary code on systems that have the runtime installed.
Oracle’s latest release of its Java 7 runtime has come under scrutiny in the past few weeks after it was found being actively exploited in malware attacks that target Windows systems. While so far the vulnerability has only been found being used against Windows, other platforms such as the Mac OS could potentially be targeted through the same exploit.
In response to these findings, Oracle broke its quarterly update schedule for Java and released update 7 for the runtime; however, even after this update, yet more vulnerabilities have been found. … [Read more]
Since 2005, WorldstarHipHop has worked with some of our generation's most groundbreaking artists, athletes & musicians - all who have helped continue to define our unique identity and attitude.
We plan on continuing to work with only the best, so keep an eye out for all the exciting new projects / collaborations we plan on dropping in the very near future.">
We plan on continuing to work with only the best, so keep an eye out for all the exciting new projects / collaborations we plan on dropping in the very near future.
La Custom Cars For Sale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Focusing on the creation of algorithmic and stochastic processes, utilizing the results for both fixed and real-time composition and improvisation, Jerod Sommerfeldt's music explores digital audio artifacts and the destruction of technology, resulting in work that questions the dichotomy between intended and unintentional. Read more on Last.fm
Focusing on the creation of algorithmic and stochastic processes, utilizing the results for both fixed and real-time composition and improvisation, Jerod Sommerfeldt's music explores digital audio artifacts and the destruction of technology, resulting in work that questions the dichotomy between intended and unintentional. Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
Jock Cheese is the bassist from Melbourne band T.I.S.M. He has denied any intention of trying to split the band, and mantains that his album was released for research purposes only; he wanted to see if anyone would buy it. Read more on Last.fm
Jock Cheese is the bassist from Melbourne band T.I.S.M. He has denied any intention of trying to split the band, and mantains that his album was released for research purposes only; he wanted to see if anyone would buy it. Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
Nevio (Passaro) is a German-Italian Pop Singer/Songwriter who lives in Germany. He writes and sings in English, German, and Italian. Instruments: piano and guitar. After the participation in "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" ('German Idol'), he signed a contract at Universal Records in August 2006, where he released his first Maxi "Amore Per Sempre" in January 2007. Discography Maxi "Sento" (September 05, 2008) Maxi "Giulia/Firenze" (September 21, 2007) Read more on Last.fm
Nevio (Passaro) is a German-Italian Pop Singer/Songwriter who lives in Germany. He writes and sings in English, German, and Italian. Instruments: piano and guitar. After the participation in "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" ('German Idol'), he signed a contract at Universal Records in August 2006, where he released his first Maxi "Amore Per Sempre" in January 2007. Discography Maxi "Sento" (September 05, 2008) Maxi "Giulia/Firenze" (September 21, 2007) Maxi "Run Away" (May 18, 2007) Maxi "Amore per sempre" (January 19, 2007) Maxi "La mia parola" (August 23, 1999) Album "Due" (September 19, 2008) Album "Nevio" (February 16, 2007) Official site http://www.nevio.tv/ Read more on Last.fm.
Tzevetan is our security expert and writes how to guides for our site. Follow him for the latest updates
I guess everyone of us had our chances of Falling In and Out of Love. The good ones, the bad ones, the bitter ones and the Sweet ones and to a point lost our faith in having to love again. But when We do meet that Special Someone who renewed Your faith in Love, i believe going through the Process is worth it. And of course Perseverance, Patience, Understanding, Commitment and Openness are much needed. Not to mention the process of Unlearning the things you thought are good for relationship when actually they are not; Learn to Unlearn. Learn to accept new changes new experience new adjustments. Be ready to put aside your ego and manage your past scars (No matter how bad it was-i know this is a challenge but you will have to work it out or face the risk of losing).
What i know of now is....Believing in Love, Have faith in Love, Have Faith in yourself in Your Relationship and that Special Someone You Love. And You Know People do Fall In Love in Mysterious ways (sometimes in an Odd situations) and that it is not Impossible that We may Found Love Right Where We are.
With that i would like to end my post today with ...." Loving can Hurt and Loving Can also Heal...and I know sometimes we are out of Touch, Out of Love And out of all these things that you've done, You will realised so much more; and Learn to Love that Special Someone Better"
Hunter Killer [Movie Review] - My friends and I will always find an excuse to meet up and spend our time together, may it be over coffee, movie or just a plain spicy gossip. So, last Diw...
7 in 1 Cannis App is the Hit Now and Going to be listed on NASDAQ IN 2021! - 7 in 1 Cannis App is the Hit Now and Going to be listed on NASDAQ IN 2021! *7 in 1 Cannis App is the Hit Now and Going to be listed on NASDAQ IN 2021!*(Sun...
As one of the most trusted alarm companies in Southeast Texas, LaMarCo Alarm Company has been serving the Jasper, Texas area for more than 40 years. Providing services for both Residantial and Commercial accounts, Our staff is very knowledgeable in the installation of Burlgar Alarms, Fire Alarms and CCTV - Closed Caption Television backed by 24-Hour Monitoring. Call us for a Free Estimate
Knowing LaMarCo is handling all of our security needs provides our family with a great deal of peace whether we are at home or on vacation.
Get the peace of mind that comes from knowing that LaMarCo Alarm Company is helping protect your family and home.
LaMarCo Alarm Company CCTV offers professional installation services on all CCTV cameras, DVRs, and security camera systems. To find out how we can help you with your installation and setup on your new video surveillance system, please call us or request a quote online.
To keep your business profitable in today's economy, it's vital to keep it protected. LaMarCo Alarm Company can help you improve your security and everyday business operations.
2366 psm plant protectives and pesticides from the german democratic republic no short description psm plant protectives and pesticides from the german democratic republic because this is pdf file * PDF *
2370 2005 town and country owners manual pdf no short description 2005 town and country owners manual pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
2371 the blood of jesus everything the blood of jesus offers a believer no short description the blood of jesus everything the blood of jesus offers a believer because this is pdf file * PDF *
2374 listen in building faith and friendship through conversations that matter no short description listen in building faith and friendship through conversations that matter because this is pdf file * PDF *
2376 plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation tenth edition no short description plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation tenth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2377 what did you expect relationships no short description what did you expect relationships because this is pdf file * PDF *
2379 what should i read next 50 dystopian books for teens no short description what should i read next 50 dystopian books for teens because this is pdf file * PDF *
2383 the mom from hell a terrifying story of child abuse violence and neglect no short description the mom from hell a terrifying story of child abuse violence and neglect because this is pdf file * PDF *
2385 behind concrete doors no short description behind concrete doors because this is pdf file * PDF *
2386 fatherhood principles of joseph the carpenter examples of godly fatherhood no short description fatherhood principles of joseph the carpenter examples of godly fatherhood because this is pdf file * PDF *
2389 pakistan military review officers impressions no short description pakistan military review officers impressions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2397 my martial arts training manual no short description my martial arts training manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2399 inorganic chemistry 4th edition solutions manual gary no short description inorganic chemistry 4th edition solutions manual gary because this is pdf file * PDF *
2406 next generation business strategies for the base of the pyramid new approaches for building mutual value portable no short description next generation business strategies for the base of the pyramid new approaches for building mutual value portable because this is pdf file * PDF *
2409 ring mash nursing school address no short description ring mash nursing school address because this is pdf file * PDF *
2414 certain policies present administration effects no short description certain policies present administration effects because this is pdf file * PDF *
2416 mechanics of materials 6th edition solution manual beer johnston no short description mechanics of materials 6th edition solution manual beer johnston because this is pdf file * PDF *
2417 outsiders test and answer key no short description outsiders test and answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
2419 clipart for ushers day program at church no short description clipart for ushers day program at church because this is pdf file * PDF *
2420 for such a time as this study guide no short description for such a time as this study guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
2421 bell book and beyond no short description bell book and beyond because this is pdf file * PDF *
2422 test paper question electrical no short description test paper question electrical because this is pdf file * PDF *
2423 transportation systems analysis models and applications springer optimization and its applications no short description transportation systems analysis models and applications springer optimization and its applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
2424 chase online how to find routing number no short description chase online how to find routing number because this is pdf file * PDF *
2425 mel bay presents southern mountain fiddle no short description mel bay presents southern mountain fiddle because this is pdf file * PDF *
2428 The Power of the Dog by Don Winslow no short description The Power of the Dog by Don Winslow because this is pdf file * PDF *
2431 regional development reconsidered advances in spatial science no short description regional development reconsidered advances in spatial science because this is pdf file * PDF *
2432 access to health 13th edition rebbecca j donatelle download free pdf ebooks about access to health 13th edition rebbecca j dona no short description access to health 13th edition rebbecca j donatelle download free pdf ebooks about access to health 13th edition rebbecca j dona because this is pdf file * PDF *
2433 if a bus could talk the story of rosa parks no short description if a bus could talk the story of rosa parks because this is pdf file * PDF *
2437 big book of things that go no short description big book of things that go because this is pdf file * PDF *
2438 facing west the metaphysics of indian hating and empire building no short description facing west the metaphysics of indian hating and empire building because this is pdf file * PDF *
2440 manuscript makeover revision techniques no fiction writer can afford to ignore no short description manuscript makeover revision techniques no fiction writer can afford to ignore because this is pdf file * PDF *
2445 village mothers three generations of change in russia and tataria indiana michigan series in russian and east no short description village mothers three generations of change in russia and tataria indiana michigan series in russian and east because this is pdf file * PDF *
2447 electrical engineering hambley 5th edition solutions manual no short description electrical engineering hambley 5th edition solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2450 professional press editorial and pr photography professional photography series no short description professional press editorial and pr photography professional photography series because this is pdf file * PDF *
2452 7th grade curriculum guide for california no short description 7th grade curriculum guide for california because this is pdf file * PDF *
2461 should be going jaz dalrymple no short description should be going jaz dalrymple because this is pdf file * PDF *
John adams 1735-1826 american president, diplomat, statesman, essayist, and autobiographer the second president of the united states, john adams is considered one of the founding fathers of. George washington and john adams were the first two presidents of the united states both men were committed patriots, but their contribution to the new republic couldn't be more different.
Compare and contrast washington’s administration with the administration of john adams between the years of 1789 – 1800, there were two people given the job of being the president of these united states of america, george washington, the first president, and john adams, the second president. Unit 6: george washington and john adams unit 6: george washington and john adams true or false: george washington believed in political parties false need essay sample on unit 6: george washington and john specifically for you for only $1290/page order now.
George washington and john adams essay (essay contests for high school students for money) geplaatst op 6 september 2018 i usually bs and go with the flow 4 inclass essays since its now open notes its damn near pre written #scholar. George washington adams (april 12, 1801 – april 30, 1829) was the eldest son of john quincy adams, the sixth president of the united stateshe had a troubled life and died of apparent suicide at age 28. Furthermore, george washington managed to keep 13 quarreling states together for 8 difficult years both had a big impact in history john adams was a federalist, he believed in strong central government.
President’s george washington and john adams essay sample many people wonder what makes a person become president a truly complicated question like that is hard to follow with bare facts. President's george washington and john adams president’s george washington and john adams essay sample george washington was born on february 11, 1732, in westmoreland county, virginia at the age of 11 his first major tragedy came upon him, which was the death of his father washington obtained a limited formal education, which is.
The two presidents are george washington and john adams two man that come from the same era but was one better than the other two man that come from the same era but was one better than the other this essay will explore both of the presidents' lives before they became president and also contrast their lives during their presidency.
How george washington, john adams, and thomas jefferson effected america essay sample george washington, john adams, and thomas jefferson all effected america’s democratic government which started off shaky after the revolution, followed by stabilization with the policies and contributions of these presidents.
2 george washington, john adams, and thomas jefferson all effected america's democratic government which started off shaky after the revolution, followed by stabilization with the policies and contributions of these presidents.
George washington and john adams on april 30, 1789 george washington became the president of the united states, two terms later in 1797, john adams was the next president of the nation both presidents helped to establish the stable government that is known today. George washington and john adams were america’s first two presidents and two of the most vital men that created the american republic it's not overstating it to say that if both of these men had not been at the forefront of the political affairs of their day, our republic would be very different or not exist at all.
an analysis of the nature causality assessment prevention accommodation and a personal reflection of
The overwhelming success of the first set off a chain of events that would eventually make it almost impossible for future crusades to achieve the same levels of success as the first. The first crusade was the only truly successful christian military crusade because of the european’s military skill, the religious fervor of the era, and the political and military breakdown of the formerly united muslim empire. The first crusade was a successful military expedition aimed at reclaiming jerusalem and other holy places in the near east that fell under muslim control this expedition also signalled the beginning of a series of other crusades that transpired within the span of five centuries.
The first crusade there were multiple crusade campaigns throughout the almost 200 year history of the crusades the most successful was that of the first crusade (1096-1099. The most successful was that of the first crusade (1096-1099) led by godfrey of bouillon, raymond of saint-gilles, bohemond of taranto and hugh of vermandois four large christian armies left the capital of the byzantine empire , constantinople, in august, 1096, on the way to the holy land. If the first crusaders had encountered this sort of organised resistance it is much more unlikely they would have succeeded and one can argue that the fact that nur al-din and saladin were only able to unite the muslims because of the strong presence of an outside threat is evidence that the first crusade’s success is what prevented later crusades from taking advantage of disunity between the saracens.
Summary: reasons for the success of the first crusade the leadership of pope urban ii and the roman catholic church appealed to the religiosity of european christians in preaching for a pilgrimage that involved an armed struggle with the muslims, the church inspired its followers to defend and reclaim the holy land of jerusalem and other holy places. The first crusade (1095–1099) was the first of a number of crusades that attempted to recapture the holy land, called for by pope urban ii at the council of clermont in 1095 urban called for a military expedition to aid the byzantine empire, which had recently lost most of anatolia to the seljuq turks. It contained around the same amount of people as the first crusade but by this time the muslim leaders were more prepared and swiftly defeated the crusaders in two battles[3] even though the main reason for the success of the first crusade was the disunity between the muslim states, all of the factors mentioned contributed to the crusades success.
The first crusade (1095–1099) was the first of a number of crusades that attempted to recapture the holy land, called for by pope urban ii at the council of clermont in 1095 urban called for a military expedition to aid the byzantine empire , which had recently lost most of anatolia to the seljuq turks. The first crusade was the pinnacle of the entire crusade campaign its lone success in the long line of crusades proves its uniqueness among the six others that were mostly ineffective certain fortunate circumstances definitely contributed to the christian success in taking the holy land on their first try. Lone success of the first crusade 2657 words | 11 pages of the first crusade the first crusade was the pinnacle of the entire crusade campaign its lone success in the long line of crusades proves its uniqueness among the six others that were mostly ineffective.
The albigensian crusade (1208-29) aimed to root out the heretical cathari or albigensian sect of christianity in france, while the baltic crusades (1211-25) sought to subdue pagans in transylvania. The lone success of the first crusade the first crusade was the pinnacle of the entire crusade campaign its lone success in the long line of crusades proves its uniqueness among the six others that were mostly ineffective certain fortunate circumstances definitely contributed to the christian success in taking the holy land on their first try. The first crusade was a military expedition by european christians to regain the holy lands and occurred in 1095 it was viewed as an unprecedented success by historians of the day and by contemporary historians. Its lone success in the long line of crusades proves its uniqueness among the six others that were mostly ineffective certain fortunate circumstances definitely contributed to the christian success in taking the holy land on their first try.
Why was the first crusade successful fml study play what are three factors which contributed to the success of the first crusade christian strengths/byzantine support (s runciman)/muslim weaknesses (j riley-smith. Fml learn with flashcards, games, and more — for free. The lone success of the first crusade the first crusade was the pinnacle of the entire crusade campaign its lone success in the long line of crusades proves its uniqueness among the six others that were mostly ineffective.
Having achieved their goal in an unexpectedly short period of time after the first crusade, many of the crusaders departed for home to govern the conquered territory, those who remained. Why did the first crusade succeed while later crusades failed by jacob deacon the overwhelming success of the first set off a chain of events that would eventually make it almost impossible for future crusades to achieve the same levels of success as the first. The first crusaders were actually undisciplined hordes of french and german peasants who met with little success one group, known as the “people’s crusade,” reached as far as constantinople.
ultras-Tifo is a portal/forum which provide bundesliga gucken in palma de mallorca you the latest news and reports from football supporters all over the world. Magnificent tifo shows, riots,.
Shadows of the Mind: An Anthology of Horror is now available from Amazon! Featuring Authors from the Fantasy Writers Group, the anthology includes seven tales of horror, fears, and things that go bump in the mind! Shadows of the Mind Advertisements
Come join us for the cover reveal and release of the 2015 Fantasy Writers Admin Anthology: Shadows of the Mind! Just in time for Halloween, this collection of horror stories will leave you unable to turn out the lights. Hosting times will be Oct 24th-31st: 5pm-9pm EST. Includes seven (7) short stories by the following…
Hell Becomes Her, the latest book in R.A. McCandless’ Flames of Perdition series, releases Thursday, November 19th. Here’s what all the fuss is about: Angels should be a human’s worst nightmare. Del didn’t think there was anything worse than angels, or their fallen kin, demons. She and her partner Marrin helped to keep the world safe…
Quick Summary: MM Justus’ book “Sojourn” starts off with state trooper Daniel Reilly pursuing a truck across some pretty steep and hairy backroads in Washington State’s Okanogan County. It’s nighttime, of course, and his pursuit quickly goes off course and he finds himself skidding out of control into what is presumed to be a…
Fade Tales Graphic Designer: Adam Alldis Adam is an amazing Graphic Designer with an incredibly keen eye and a fine urban fantasy sensibility. He created the two banners that you can see here and on my FB Page for The Fade Tales . He is also working on a rather fabulous zombie story at the present moment.…
Quick Summary: Scott Kaelen’s short story collection, “From Grains to Galaxies” is a mixed genre as well as mixed form booklet of stories and poems that revolve around a few central themes, which the author is kind enough to explain in a handy notes section at the front of the book. These themes include religion,…
I make insurance simple by providing a list of local businesses that have proven reputable within my community along with their contact information.
Our office has chosen professional businesses that have established a good name within the community.
I have selected local businesses that have proven reputable within my community. However, I am not responsible for the actions of these unaffiliated local businesses as they are separate entities. Farm Bureau Financial Services does not endorse or promote the businesses or organizations listed.
Are you looking into mutual fund share classes? Learn more about the differences between different classes here.
Life on the farm sets your kids up for a bright future, no matter what they choose to do. Read Article »
When it rains, it pours. If you don't have sufficient liability coverage, you could be at risk. Take our umbrella insurance quiz to find out if you have enough coverage to meet your needs. Read Article »
Registered Representative/Securities & services offered through FBL Marketing Services, LLC+, 5400 University Ave., West Des Moines, IA 50266, 877/860-2904, Member SIPC. Advisory services offered through FBL Investment Management Services, Inc.+
Property-casualty insurance products are offered through Farm Bureau Property & Casualty Insurance Company+* and Western Agricultural Insurance Company+*/West Des Moines, IA and are intended for residents of AZ, IA, KS, MN, NE, NM, SD and UT. Fixed life insurance and annuity products are offered through Farm Bureau Life Insurance Company+*/West Des Moines, IA and are intended for residents of AZ, IA, ID, KS, MN, MT, ND, NE, NM, OK, SD, UT, WI and WY.
Agent must be a registered representative of FBL Marketing Services, LLC to discuss mutual funds or college funding options.
Health insurance policies vary by carrier & individual and may not be offered through all agents or available in all states. Health insurance is underwritten by a variety of insurance companies not affiliated with our companies.
Long-Term Care and Disability Income insurance policies are underwritten by a variety of insurance companies that are not affiliated with our companies.
IMPORTANT: The information and material contained on this Web site is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security or any insurance product in any jurisdiction. No security or other insurance product is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities, insurance or other laws of such jurisdiction. Not all products are available in all states. Exclusions, limitations and reductions may apply. This Web site briefly highlights Farm Bureau's insurance policies and their benefits. The contract is contained only in the policy. Farm Bureau products are offered by Farm Bureau agents. For more information about any Farm Bureau product, please contact your local agent or nearest office using the Agent Locator.
With Dallas Car Title Loans, you will be stunned when you see that there is no waiting in long lines, no endless documents, and no coming in for appointment after appointment. You just sign over your car title to a lender and you get the funds you need after some simple procedures. It is only necessary for you to have a automobile in good running condition and the capability for repayment. You get immediate pre-approval and also a quote for how much your car title might be worth. Then you get a loan for about half the wholesale value of your vehicle. If you do not want to go through these procedures in our office, you can perform them online on our website. One of our customer service reps will then give you a call, and after one phone call, you will have access to your money. We stay open late to help you, so you can even consult one of our staff late in the evening if necessary. Dallas Car Title Loans will help you locate a fast cash loan right away, with an interest rate you can afford, and a payment plan that works for you.
This entry was posted in Dallas Car Title Loans Blog and tagged Automobile, Business, Customer service, Dallas Car Title Loan, Loan, Pre-approval, Real Estate, Title loan on February 8, 2012 by admin.
diy outdoor furniture plans free deck pallets ana white,charming wood outdoor furniture garden 3 diy plans free covers pallet patio,cheap diy outdoor furniture ideas porch deck plans sectional for under gray house studio,diy garden chair ideas patio furniture cinder blocks outdoor build plans home made deck cleaner,outdoor sectional for under gray house studio diy furniture cleaner deck projects 13 patio ideas that are simple and cheap,diy outdoor furniture using pallets remarkable on a budget pvc patio plans,diy wood outdoor furniture projects garden ideas pvc patio plans and sofa the daughter,unique outdoor furniture ideas home garden diy pallet patio plans covers backyard,diy porch furniture ideas outdoor covers plans awesome patio design free covered using pallets,outdoor furniture ideas diy plans ana white backyard projects.
save money on outdoor furniture sets crate and barrel grey wood stain interior gray bedroom what color walls paint the range,grey bedroom furniture what colour walls painted ideas paint living room sofa decor full size of,grey furniture paint bq gray design ideas bedroom with oak living room decor,gray bedroom furniture what color walls grey painted ideas chic inspiration baby sets my apartment story,grey furniture living room decor paint annie sloan ideas,grey wood stain bq bedroom collections furniture paint amazon colors,gray nursery furniture what color walls grey wood stain home depot goes with classic beds and sofas,grey painted bedroom furniture ideas stain wood uk bundle sideboard mirror dressing table,grey walls white trim what color furniture gray living room decor popular ideas attachments wood stain interior,grey bedroom furniture decor stain unique contemporary ideas dark.
When I saw that the ingredient for Get Your Chef On {hosted by Julie and Jen} was coconutI was insanely excited! My mind was spinning with ideas on how I was going to incorporate it into a easy, yummy, and summery dessert.
So I decided to throw some coconut into the crust of my favorite lemon bars {that post is SO old. and horrible.}
I thought the coconut was a fun spin on a classic summer dessert. I didn't use very much coconut, because I was looking for a lighter flavor, but depending on your taste, you sure could add in some more.
In a medium bowl, stir together 2 cups flour, shredded coconut, and confectioners' sugar. Blend in the melted butter. Press into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until golden. In a large bowl, beat eggs until light. Combine the sugar, baking powder, and 1/4 cup of flour so there will be no flour lumps. Stir the sugar mixture into the eggs. Finally, stir in the lemon juice. Pour over the prepared crust and return to the oven. Bake for an additional 30 minutes or until bars are set. Allow to cool completely before cutting into bars. Top with some powdered sugar or more shredded coconut.
I really love the combination of coconut and lemon! Yum, you nailed this! I think I need me some lemon bars!
Looooooving this combo! Lemon + coconut are two of my all-time favorite flavors EVAH. A coconut crust no less? Heavenly!
Ummm. Mouth is Watering over here. Lemon and Coconuts..you got me. Done for. YUM! Thank you SO SO much for joining in the #GYCO Challenge Sophie! These really look amazing!
I bet these are good with the lemon and coconut flavor. My lemon tree has lemons that are soon to be ready for picking so I'm saving your recipe to try soon. Thanks for sharing.
These look awesome! We would love to invite you to join us at Saturday Show & Tell on Cheerios and Lattes! We know our readers will love your fantastic recipes! Have a great weekend!
These look delicious! I'm on the hunt for a good homemade lemon bar, so I'm pinning these. Stopped by from Pamela's link-up.
ﾄﾞﾝ ﾄﾞｩ ﾄｩ ﾄﾞｩーーﾝ ﾘﾝﾛﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾘﾝﾛﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾘﾝﾛﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾄﾞﾝ ﾃｨ ﾄｩ ﾄﾞｩｰﾝ ﾘﾝﾛﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾘﾝﾛﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾘﾝﾛﾝ ﾄｩﾝ ﾃﾞｨ ﾄｩﾝ ﾘﾝ
strategia options trading in dubai courses Best stock. All changes will be announced by posting notice on website.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2016 2017 2018
Firelink is the central task force provided by Her Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate (HMFSI) and the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (ODPM) to project manage the procurement & implementation of a National Wide Area Radio System.
Keymedia designed and built a functional website that reflects the nature of the project in all aspects of the design - from the images to the colours. The site is visually stimulating as well as practical and uses the existing Firelink logo. The site is geared towards all the identified user groups and displays a lot of news, supplier information and facts clearly and in an easily accessible way. The Firelink team can update the site regularly via Koko, our content management system, as well as managing user access to password-protected areas and private mailing lists.
In accordance with new FTC guidelines regarding endorsements and testimonials for bloggers, I would like my readers to know that many of the books I review on my site are provided to me for free by the publisher or author of the book. I do not receive money for such reviews. The books are sent to me for an honest review. I will make known in such reviews if I received the book for free. I am an Amazon affiliate, so many links will direct you to Amazon. If you make any purchase through my link, I will receive a small commission. If you have any questions, please contact me.
I am very excited to have Jessica stopping by to visit with us today. I met her last year at a book signing and we've been friends ever since (or at least I like to think so! Although I think she only likes me for the sex toys I send her!) She's absolutely hysterical and keeps me entertained. Not to mention that she's been a huge support in connecting me with other authors to help expand from reviewing books to editing/proofing manuscripts. You rock JP!!!
We’re well into football season and I’ve become suspicious that my Patriots only win when I am equipped with good snacks. Salsa and chips can only get you so far, and I blame the miserable loss against the Colts the other week entirely on my inadequate array of treats. (Because, obviously, an entire football team’s success is directly connected to what I eat, right?) So, ‘tis the season for gluttony and football, and I intend to fully participate in pigging out in order to get the Pats to the Superbowl. Ahem… So I’ve been mixing up the traditional football snacks with some other fun foods. The meatball recipe below is from Fed Up and was given to me by a wonderful chef, Josh Ziskin, from La Morra in Brookline, MA. These are a great little appetizer, perfect for snacking on while you cheer for your team. Or while you’re curled up with a good book while someone else in your family cusses at the television. Either way, they’re good comfort food.
Aside from being the season for ridiculously large men to repeatedly plow into each other for insane salaries, it’s also the season for giving; so it is my duty as an author to encourage you all to think about giving the gift of books to those you love. Most of us are on a strict budget this year, and books are a great way to give a creative gift as well as limit the damage done to your bank account. Collect a few favorite books, set them in an inexpensive gift basket, and add a few fun accessories that compliment the books! My Gourmet Girl series pairs up well up with treats from a gourmet food shop, chocolates, a pretty serving dish, or a splashy set of potholders and dishtowels. Oh, and I’ve found a wonderful site that sells the most adorable aprons! The Hip Hostess
( http://thehiphostess.com/store/Default.asp ) has created a line of aprons more attractive than I thought possible. I want one in every style… And don’t forget that a book gift basket is great for teenagers; mixing books in with other fun items is a wonderful way to encourage reading. Many of the cozy mystery series out there are perfectly appropriate for teens, so don’t think you need to stick to vampire-themed books. (Besides what kind of accessories would you add? Fangs? Fake blood?) Also, check out local book signings and see if you can stop in and get a book for a friend that is signed by the author. Believe me, we love having people actually show up for a signing!
Anyhow, have fun this holiday season, and remember that the book market is really struggling in these tough time and sales are what will keep your favorite series going!
Soak bread in milk until it is fully absorbed. Soak porcini mushrooms in water until hydrated and clean. Remove and chop. Mix the next 4 ingredients, and then add mushrooms and bread. Mix well. Roll into desired- size balls. Flour each ball, and shake off the extra flour. Sear in a pan on all sides until light brown. Add wine until it comes halfway up the side of the meatballs. Put in oven and bake at 400° until cooked through, approximately 15 minutes.
Make sure to pre-order your copy of Fed Up (Berkley Prime Crime Mysteries), due out in paperback on January 5th (my birthday!!!) & Cook the Books, the latest in the Gourmet Girls series, due out March 2nd. You definitely don't want to miss one. The most bestest in the series!!! (I know, I've read it!)
the Internet should be a good way to start. Give me a brick and mortar casino for my gambling anytime. counters
This project was full scale renovation. Designed and built for a single family in the Irvine Terrace neighborhood located in Newport Beach, California.
Schedule me as your next Speaker, for a Business Strategy Session or for a Discussion about Eternity.
Ravello is located on the ridge projecting from the mountain that divides the Valle del Dragone (Dragon's Valley) and del Regina. Based at 350 meters on the sea level, Ravello overhangs the underlying towns of Minori and Maiori. Ravello is a must to be seen in a real luxury motor yacht charter or sailing cruise on the Amalfi Coast. This enchanted place is among the most beautiful in the whole Amalfi Coast, with an intense and unique landscape. Ravello is renowned for its peacefulness and the deep fascination it emanates from each corner and its image is mostly connected with villas with breathtaking views seen all around the world by pictures. But Ravello is not only beautiful Panoramas: Ravello is the town of art and culture of the Amalfi Coast. Villa Cimbrone is renowned for its exciting lookout terrace: Gore Vidal, the famous American writer and honorary citizen of Ravello, says it is the most beautiful panorama in the world.
.Among the most famous guests if his villa we cite: David Herbert Lawrence (author of the novel "Lady Chatterley's Lover") and Greta Garbo, during her elopement with Leopold Stokowski, as remembered by a marble inscription at the beginning of the path. Other than Boccaccio (who in the Decameron spoke about the natural and artistic beauties of Ravello, giving evidence of the magic of this place) and Wagner, many artists have been inspired by this extraordinary atmosphere, especially during Romanticism. Today Ravello is also seat of the Europen University Centre for the Arts and Culture. Good cooking, breathtaking views and a great tradition of culture for your luxury sailing yacht charters in the Amalfi Coast.
Looking for hotels in Ravello or close by? Italia Lodging offers a selection of charming hotels in Italy
Kaosamai Pronounced: Gow sa mai Gow means the No.9 Samai means dynasty. The current King is in his family’s 9th dynasty
In January, Kaosamai Thai Restaurant & Catering – begun with the dining room at 36th Street & Phinney Avenue – will celebrate a significant anniversary. Ten years ago, Doug & Sumalee Somerville, the owners of Kaosamai, took a big risk as they launched the first Thai Truck in Seattle, and finally brought fresh, hot Thai dishes to walk-up customers all over the city, at weddings, parties, festivals, parks, sidewalks and in South Lake Union.
The Kaosamai Restaurant began in 2001, when the couple leased a house long-ago converted into offices for the Baby Diaper Service. They spent five months converting the building into an elegant and spacious restaurant, located (at that time) in an area considered ‘just outside’ of Fremont. “Everybody told me that it’s going to start growing,” explained Doug Somerville recently of the neighborhood. It didn’t seem to be a problem, as he observed, “We were pretty popular right off the start.”
Paper presented in International Conference on Science Communication for Scientific Temper held on 10 - 12 January 2012 at NASC Complex,...
Above photo is 8 Used Trucks With The Best Gas Mileage Instamotor posted by Jribas-digital.com on 14/11/18. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with 8 Used Trucks With The Best Gas Mileage Instamotor is the right thing to get rid of your Best Fuel Mileage Truck on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
Above photo is SwingAway Hitch Mount Truck Step Princess Auto posted by Jribas-digital.com on 14/11/18. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with SwingAway Hitch Mount Truck Step Princess Auto is the right thing to get rid of your Hitch Truck on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
Truck Suspension - This amazing image selections about Truck Suspension is available to save. We obtain this awesome image from online and select the best for you. Pics and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and published by Admin after choosing the ones that are best among the others.
So, finally we make it and here these list of best photo for your inspiration and information purpose regarding the Truck Suspension as part of http://jribas-digital.com exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find out the best pics and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
Regarding Pic information: Image has been uploaded by Admin and has been tagged by Truck Suspension in Truck Suspension field. You are able to give your thoughts as feedback to our web page quality.
So, finally we make it and here these list ofwonderful image for your ideas and information purpose regarding the images as part of http://jribas-digital.com exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find out the best pics and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
Regarding Picture information: Pic has been submitted by Admin and has been tagged by Truck Suspension in http://jribas-digital.com field. You are able to leave your note as feed back to our web site quality.
Below are a few of top notch Truck Suspension pictures on internet. We found it from reliable source. It's tagged by Truck Suspension and shared by Admin in Truck Suspension field. We expect this graphic could possibly be the most trending topic when we publish it in google plus or facebook.
We choose to presented in this article because this can be one of great resource for any Truck Suspension choices. Dont you come here to learn some new fresh ideas? We actually hope you can recognize it as one of your reference and many thanks for your free time for viewing our web site.
Please share this image to your loved mates, families, community via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or some other social bookmarking sites.
J & R Machine Works has been in Business in the Antelope Valley since 1989 and counts with over 28 years of experience. We are located on a 5-acre lot with over 3,100 square feet of work space. We work hard to meet every customers needs and make every effort to assure the highest quality product. We are always looking forward to working with new customers and taking on new challenges.
With many others, I’ve been preparing for the inaugural Missio Alliance gathering, which is to start this Thursday, April 11th in the Washington D.C. area. The gathering will coincide with the full bloom of the Cherry Blossoms, which seemed to … Continue reading →
Posted in Current Affairs, Ecclesia, equipping church, Faith, Jesus, Leadership, Missional church, practicing church, redemptive agents, sacred text, Social Justice, theology, walk with God	| Tagged Acton Institute, Azusa Pacific, Bethel Seminary, BGAV, Biblica, Biblical Seminary, Braozos Press, Brethern in Christ, Ecclesia, EMQ, Forge, Fresh Expressions, Fuller, GCM, George Fox, International Teams, IVP, John Leland Center, Missio Alliance, Northeaster Seminary, Northern Seminary, Regent University, Spence Network, Spiritual Formation Alliance, Sponsors, The Wesleyan Church, Tyndale Seminary, V3, Vineyard Church Missional Outpost, Wesly Theological Seminary, Yellowstone Theological Institute
This month’s focus is to refocus and think about the next season of my life. I’m flying out to Orlando, because I sit on the GCM board, and we are having a board meeting this coming week. GCM is a … Continue reading →
“Most men die at 27, we just bury them at 72.” – Mark Twain I have pondered this short and powerful quote this past year. Living life fully is one of my passions. Not only do I seek to live … Continue reading →
This entry is the conclusion of the blog series called The Good News, which has taken place throughout the Easter Season, from Easter to today, which is Pentecost. A full list of the contributors can be found here. My local … Continue reading →
Vicini Enterprises is a winery in Santa Rosa, California. Some wineries or vineyards offer wine discounts on large orders of wine. Contact Vicini Enterprises for more information on their wine discounts and wine promotions.
As a young preacher he switched pulpits with one of his close friends, a young, African American preacher. In the early 1970s not many churches were doing that. I’ll never forget dad taking me to this congregation and finding a sweet, older lady for me to sit beside while he preached. I loved the joy and excitement that came from those faithful Christians. Dad taught me that it didn’t matter what color someone’s skin was. We were all family.
When faced with the news of having a terminal illness as a young twenty something, dad continued to preach the hope of Jesus even when he could no longer speak. He turned his diagnosis into a way to bless others.
I hope you had a rebellious father. One who looked at his world and refused to let the darkness win. One who knew Jesus and wasn’t afraid to practice what he preached.
I hope you are a rebellious father. I hope you will continue to love God and love others even in a world that doesn’t. I hope you ask God to stand guard over your mouth, your eyes, and your actions. I hope you tell your children in words and deeds that nothing matters more than following the Christ and encouraging his church. I hope you fiercefully love your wife and children and fight for them. And if you need to, I hope you will forgive your own dad for his faults.
Matt Dabbs God sent Jesus into the world to save us from our ... published What Does Forgiveness Have to do with Gospel? via Wineskins.org
Matt Dabbs A few weeks ago a friend recommended I read Dougla... published Book Review: "Paul - An Apostle's Journey" By Douglas A. Campbell via Kingdom Living
Matt Dabbs by C. Leonard Allen June, 1993 In 1932 an Okla... published What is the Gospel? (Reprinted article June 1993) via Wineskins.org
Matt Dabbs If you want to be comfortable, don't expect to gro... published It Depends on What Your Goal is via Kingdom Living
Andy Walker Martin Luther had problems with the Roman Catholic... published The Historical Development of Views on Paul's Theology (Old Perspective vs New Perspective) via Wineskins.org
Matt Dabbs Guarded - that's a great word for our communicatio... published Hypersensitivity via Kingdom Living
Matt Dabbs There are two main words associated with the word ... published What is the Gospel? A Word Study on Euangelion via Wineskins.org
Matt Carter Harding School of Theology (HST) is celebrating 60... published HST LIVE Brings the Classroom to You via Wineskins.org
Matt Dabbs In Scot McKnight's excellent book, "King Jesus Gos... published What is the Gospel? (Part 1) via Wineskins.org
We have the word out and the response is amazing! Let's update! We have beds, bedding, desks all sponsored for the project! We have our first $100 per month sponsor for the ongoing expenses of the family home! There are individuals who are going to be hosting LAMPLIGHTER EVENINGS in their home to raise funds and awareness of the opportunity to make a difference in the country of Kyrgyzstan! We are on a roll. We praise God for this response.
Dayspring will be a pilot project to find permanent homes for children - an alternative to the orphanages where over 200 children can be living together in conditions that are known to hinder healthy growth and development. Today, we have an agreement to make a difference - this agreement is with the local and national authorities of Kyrgyzstan. Let's work together and find families for children! AND LIGHT THE LAMPS AT DAYSPRING!
OR: buy a stove, a refrigerator, a washer, a sofa, dishes, pans or another needed item for the home. Let us know what you would like to do and we will send you the prices for items to furnish Dayspring!
Imagine for a moment, the trauma and fear of being dropped at an orphanage at the age of six—an ill-kept, cold, dark kind of place filled with people whom you do not know.
Imagine for a moment, the thoughts running through your innocent mind as you are ushered into a large room full of children sitting there staring at you. You are wondering if anyone will know where you are and will anyone ever come back for you.
Imagine for a moment sitting at a large table, surrounded by more children you have never seen, looking at a small bowl of something, wondering if this is all, will there be more and when?
Yet, hundreds of children pass through the doors of the orphanages in Kyrgyzstan every year. They enter there with no preparation for separation from their family and no support for the flood of emotions that consume them. No one is talking to them about anything.
They are left to face an unknown future. NOW YOU HAVE A CHANCE TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN KYRGYZSTAN! We are opening the first family foster home as a pilot project that is positioned to do the following:
3. Immediately our Child Advocate will begin working with the families of the children to work toward reunification where possible.
4. Immediately our Life Skill Specialist will begin teaching the children life skills which will help them grow and develop to becoming a wonderful young adult.
8. Training for local and national government workers on child welfare best practice areas, such as assessment, child abuse and neglect, parenting capacity, recruitment of resource families and parenting skills.
We have several partners - HOH of California who have generously donated the funds for the purchase of the home and for the renovations. Institute of Human Services, from Ohio for generous support and provision of training materials and publications. Mercy Foundation,from Kyrgyzstan for the opening of doors in various places. The government of Kyrgyzstan for agreeing that this project is potentially system changing and working with us to create a signed agreement of partnership. The church Cryam Bojay for agreeing to be our partner in this project, taking leadership for helping children and families of the Dayspring project.
These partners stepped up to the plate and said - Let's do this! We, LAMb International are moving forward, have purchased the home and are RIGHT NOW IN THE process of renovations.
Our dear friends, John and Julie Wright have taken a step of faith and responded to God's call to return to Krygyzstan on a longer basis. Julie took an unpaid leave of absence for a year as the family, with no visible means of support, plans to return in August.
This week is an important fund raising week for them. They have a donor that will match any funds raised in the next seven days. We are hoping that this week's gifts will send them on their way.
Today I travelled to a number of our projects, stopping by to leave some fruit and let the folks know we still care. Our first stop was in Iskra, at the Home for Disabled men. There are about 260 adult men in a residence that is under great improvement. Under the supervision of a new director, I have seen renovations started and ongoing, new mattresses and the men encouraged to paint and wallpaper as they continue to improve their living conditions. I saw their new library, which still needs more book shelves, a new common room,which still needs furniture and a TV, a newly renovation washroom and halls that have been painted and wallpapered. Of course there is still a great deal to do. They need additional furniture, floor coverings, clothing, bedding paint and wallpaper. Today we left 11 cases of peaches, four cases of plums and 10 gallons of raspberries. I wish you could have seen the smiles.
Another stop was at the seniors home in Kemin. They now have 17 in residence, that's up from 12. Again, we left peaches, plums and raspberries. Lots of smiles. Tanya, the director, is doing a great job. Their surroundings are now quite satisfactory and they are looking for more crafts, like paint by number kits, and yarn. Tanya's main concern is for the fall when it starts to cool down because the price of coal has increased dramatically. I told her we would be back in late September and by then I believe we will have one or more donors who will supply their need for winter coal.
Also you will see in the one picture a supply of aspirin, tylenol and vitamins that I will be delivering on Sunday to the group of men from Somalia that are 'captive' in the transit zone of the Moscow airport. Thanks John and Christa.
And thanks to each of you who are continually faithful in supporting these outreaches. If you would like to help provide these resources, simply use the Canada Helps button and select the area where you would like to share. Thanks.
We are a registered charity of Canada, committed to activating and equipping leaders around the world! Protecting children, Strengthening families, Growing communities! Ephesians 4:12 Commissioned by Mapleview Community Church in 2004
CANADIAN INVESTORS: Spending of funds is confined to LAMb International approved programs and projects. Each restricted contribution designated toward an approved program or project will be used as designated with the understanding that when the need for such a program or project has been met, or cannot be completed for any reason determined by LAMb International, the remaining restricted contributions designated for such program or project will be used where needed most. (Charity's Business Number - BN 81700 7024 RR0001)
USA INVESTORS: LAMb International USA is a United States 501 (c) (3) tax-exempt public charity (tax ID #80-0620953). At all times both LAMb International Canada and LAMb International USA retain ultimate authority to use contributions at their discretion for purposes consistend with their tax exempt purposes.
Peyton Durham hit by pitch, RBI; Logan Wriston advanced to second; Sam Harris advanced to third; Justin Bowler scored. 1 - 0
Chaz Rutherford flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Peyton Durham advanced to second; Logan Wriston out at third cf to 3b; Sam Harris scored. 2 - 0
Hoogerhyde advanced to second on a wild pitch; Lovell advanced to third on a wild pitch; Ott scored on a wild pitch. 2 - 2
Logan Wriston flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Justin Bowler advanced to third; Drew D'Angelo scored. 3 - 3
Peyton Durham singled to center field, RBI; Sam Harris advanced to second; Justin Bowler scored. 4 - 3
Billy O'Hara hit by pitch, RBI; Chase Chambers advanced to second; Peyton Durham advanced to third; Sam Harris scored. 5 - 3
Cole Blocker doubled down the lf line, 2 RBI; Jordan Wilson advanced to third; Chase Chambers scored; Peyton Durham scored. 7 - 3
Ott grounded into double play ss to 2b to 1b, RBI; Montpas out on the play; Mabone advanced to third; Hadley scored. 7 - 4
Chase Chambers singled to center field, RBI; Chaz Rutherford advanced to second; Logan Wriston advanced to third, out at home cf to c; Sam Harris scored, unearned. 8 - 5
Grable singled to right field, advanced to second on the throw, 2 RBI; Hoogerhyde scored; Bunting scored; Lovell scored. 8 - 9
Logan Wriston singled to left field; Sam Harris advanced to second; Justin Bowler advanced to third.
Peyton Durham hit by pitch, RBI; Logan Wriston advanced to second; Sam Harris advanced to third; Justin Bowler scored.
Chaz Rutherford flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Peyton Durham advanced to second; Logan Wriston out at third cf to 3b; Sam Harris scored.
Lovell reached on a fielder's choice to pitcher; Ott advanced to second on a throwing error by p; Montpas advanced to third.
Hoogerhyde advanced to second on a wild pitch; Lovell advanced to third on a wild pitch; Ott scored on a wild pitch.
Sam Harris singled to right field; Justin Bowler advanced to second; Drew D'Angelo advanced to third.
Logan Wriston flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Justin Bowler advanced to third; Drew D'Angelo scored.
Chase Chambers singled to right field; Peyton Durham advanced to second; Sam Harris advanced to third.
Billy O'Hara hit by pitch, RBI; Chase Chambers advanced to second; Peyton Durham advanced to third; Sam Harris scored.
Cole Blocker doubled down the lf line, 2 RBI; Jordan Wilson advanced to third; Chase Chambers scored; Peyton Durham scored.
Ott grounded into double play ss to 2b to 1b, RBI; Montpas out on the play; Mabone advanced to third; Hadley scored.
Chaz Rutherford reached first on a throwing error by 3b; Logan Wriston advanced to second; Sam Harris advanced to third.
Chase Chambers singled to center field, RBI; Chaz Rutherford advanced to second; Logan Wriston advanced to third, out at home cf to c; Sam Harris scored, unearned.
Grable singled to right field, advanced to second on the throw, 2 RBI; Hoogerhyde scored; Bunting scored; Lovell scored.
Montpas flied out to lf; Mabone advanced to second on a throwing error by lf, advanced to third. (2 out)
Watch Blazing Samurai (2018) : Full Movie Online The story revolves around a scrappy young dog who fights to save a town from becoming the litter box of a nefarious feline warlord.
Watch Paddington 2 (2017) : Full Movie Online Paddington, now happily settled with the Browns, picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy, but it is stolen.
london england, based on novel or book, sequel, bear, train, based on children's book, animal, aging actor,
Thirty-two articles by leading scholars on the state of the study of Persian literature. Four of the articles are in Persian. These articles were dedicated to Professor Mohammad Ali Jazayery upon his retirement.
The thirty essays in English and Persian in this volume presented to Professor Jazayery reflect his own interests in Persian language and linguistics, in language teaching, and in Persian literature and culture. Their number and variety preclude discussing each essay individually; but collectively they raise important pedagogical issues.
... As I have said before, the field is under threat on many fronts; perhaps the issues raised in the essays discussed here will provoke contemplation of the problems we face and efforts at finding constructive solutions to those problems.
MEHDI MARSAHI is a instructor of Persian at the U.S. Defense Language Institute. Previously, he was professor of Persian at the University of Utah.
For Grant Plastics, Inc. we set out for a playful yet professional design. The design process is complete and development will begin soon.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
Photos Photos James - Auckland - November 11th; 2018 The Dead Kennedys - Auckland - 10th November 2018 Sam Smith - Auckland - 2nd November 2018 ll Divo - Auckland - 25th October, 2018 Elemeno P - Whangarei - Saturday 27th October 2018 EKKO Park (Elemeno P support) - Whangarei - October 27th, 2018 Skinny Hobos (Elemeno P support) - Whangarei - October 27th, 2018 Peter Murphy - Melbourne - Friday 26th October 2018 Skid Row - Auckland -25 October 2018 Auckland Diwali Festival - Auckland - October 20, 2018 Auckland Diwali Festival - Auckland - October 21, 2018 Shihad - Christchurch - October 19, 2018 Beastwars (Shihad support) - Christchurch - October 19, 2018 Villainy (Shihad support) - October 19, 2018 - Christchurch Winston Surfshirt - Auckland - October 20, 2018 Bene (Winston Surfshirt support) - Auckland - October 20, 2018 The Jungle Giants - Auckland - 19th Oct 2018 William Shatner - Christchurch - October 14, 2018 Panic! At The Disco - Auckland - October 16, 2018 Kygo - Auckland - October 17, 2018 Margo Price - Auckland - October 17, 2018 Courtney Marie Andrews - Auckland - October 17, 2018 6LACK - Auckland - Octobr 18, 2018 Wolfpac (6LACK support) - Auckland - October 18, 2018 The Tesky Brothers - Auckland - 6 Oct 2018 A$AP ROCKY at Listen In Festival - Auckland - 28 Sept 2018 B WISE at Listen In Festival - Auckland - 28th Sept 2018 DJ SORAYA LA PREAD at Listen In Festival - Auckland - 28th Sept 2018 QUIX at Listen In Festival - Auckland - 28th Sept 2018 SKEPTA at Listen In Festival - Auckland - 28th Sept 2018 SKRILLEX at Listen In Festival - Auckland - 28th Sept 2018 P!NK - Auckland - September 4, 2018 Cher - Auckland - September 21, 2018 Intervals - Auckland - September 26, 2018 Mark Lanegan - Melbourne - September 15, 2018 Devilskin - Auckland - Friday September 14, 2018 Samsara Blues Experiment - Auckland - September 10, 2018 Arc Of Ascent (Samsura Blues Experiment support) - Auckland - September 10, 2018 Bloodnut (Samsura Blues Experiment support act) - Auckland - September 10, 2018 Devilskin - Christchurch - September 1, 2018 Majid Jordan - Auckland - 29 July 2018 Tash Sultana - Wellington - July 25, 2018 Easy Leaves - Auckland - July 25, 2018 The Great New Zealand Folk Revival - Auckland - July 26, 2018 SG Lewis - Auckland - 24th July 2018 Joshua Hedley - Auckland - July 15, 2018 Reb Fountain (Joshau Hedley support) - Auckland - July 15, 2018 Miguel - Auckland - 14th July 2018 Pale Waves - Auckland - July 14, 2018 Bully - Auckland - July 14, 2018 Daffodils (Pale Waves support) - Auckland - July 14, 2018 Machine Head - Auckland - July 14, 2018 The Feelers - Christchurch - July 7, 2018 Stonehurst (The Feelers support) - Christchurch - July 7, 2018 The Miltones - Auckland - June 22, 2018 Reb Fountain (The Miltones support) - Auckland - June 22, 2018 Michael Bolton - Auckland - 19 June 2018 Jet - Melbourne - 11 June 2018 Written by Wolves - Auckland - 8th June 2018 Niall Horan - Sydney - June 5, 2018 Jason Bonham - Auckland - June 2, 2018 Salmonella Dub - Hamilton - June 1st, 2018 L.A.B (salmonella Dub support) - Hamilton - June 1, 2018 Soulware (Salmonella Dub support) - Hamilton - June 1, 2018 Jason Bonham's Led Zeppelin Evening - Christchurch - May 31, 2018 Niall Horan - Auckland - June 1, 2018 Jeremy Loops - Auckland - May 30, 2018 Geoff Ong (Jeremy Loops support) - Auckland - May 31, 2018 Seether - Christchurch - May 28, 2018 Stonehurst (Seether support) - Christchurch - May 28, 2018 The Iron Maidens - Christchurch - May 26, 2018 Marlon Williams - Auckland - May 25, 2018 Thomas Oliver - Auckland - May 25, 2018 Solomon Crook (Thomas Oliver support) - Auckland - May 25, 2018 The Iron Maidens - Auckland - May 25, 2018 Steven Adler - Auckland - May 24, 2018 Imagine Dragons - Auckland - May 21, 2018 The Temper Trap - Auckland - May 21, 2018 Red Fang - Auckland - 18th May 2018 Tropical Fuck Storm - Melbourne - 11th May 2018 Sepultura - Auckland - May 11, 2018 Death Angel (Sepultura support) - Auckland - May 11, 2018 Just One Fix (Sepultura support) - Auckland - May 11, 2018 Jimmy Barnes - Christchurch - May 7, 2018 Public Service Broadcasting - Auckland - May 3, 2018 Royal Blood - Auckland - May 1, 2018 Sleeping With Sirens - Auckland - April 29, 2018 Lower Than Atlantis (Sleeping With Sirens support) - Auckland - April 29, 2018 The Faim (Sleeping With Sirens support) - Auckland - April 29, 2018 Machine Gun Kelly - Auckland - April 28, 2018 I Am Giant - Christchurch - April 21, 2018 The Killers - Auckland - April 20, 2018 Twelve Foot Ninja - Auckland - April 21, 2018 Biffy Clyro - Auckland - April 24, 2018 Skinny Hobos (Biffy Clyro Support) - Auckland - April 24, 2018 Simple Plan - Auckland - April 19, 2018 Halsey - Auckland April 19, 2018 Kehlani (Halsey Support) - Auckland - April 19, 2018 Lionel Richie - Christchurch - April 15, 2018 August Alsina - Auckland - April 13, 2018 Lionel Ritchie - Auckland - April 2018 Melissa Etheridge - Auckland - 9th March 2018 Sheryl Crow - Auckland - 9th April 2018 Rag N Bone Man - Auckland - April 6, 2018 Mastodon - Auckland - March 31, 2018 Gojira - Auckland - March 31, 2018 Korn at Download Festival 2018 - Melbourne -24th March 2018 Prophets of Rage at Download Festival 2018 - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Limp Bizkit at Download Festival 2018 - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Mastodon at Download Festival 2018 - Melbourne - 2018 Good Charlotte at Download Festival - Melbourne -24th March 2018 NOFX at Download Festival 2018 - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Gojira at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Amon Amarth at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Arch Enemy at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Falling in Reverse at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Sabaton at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Of Mice & Men at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Northlane at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Bad Cop / Bad Cop at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Clowns at Download Festival - Melbourne -24th March 2018 Make Them Suffer at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Chase Atlantic at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 High Tension at Download Festival - Melbourne - 24th March 2018 Download Festival 2018, HIGHLIGHTS - Melbourne - 24 March 2018 Ed Sheeran - Auckland - March 24, 2018 Drax Project (Ed Sheeran support) - Auckland - March 24, 2018 Prophets of Rage - Auckland - 20 March 2018 WOMAD - New Plymouth - March 16 - 18, 2018 Rock The Park - featuring Dead Favours, Villainy, HLAH, & The Datsuns - Auckland - March 10, 2018 Neil Finn with The Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra - Auckland - March 9, 2018 Fall Out Boy - Auckland - March 7, 2018 The Mockers - Auckland - March 4th, 2018 Gareth Thomas (The Mockers support) - Auckland - March 4th, 2018 Beck (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3, 2018 Grace Jones (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3, 2018 Future (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3, 2018 Phoenix (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3rd, 2018 The LIbertines (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3, 2018 The Avalanches (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3, 2018 The D4 (Auckland City Limits) - Auckland - March 3, 2018 The Teskey Brothers - Auckland - March 1, 2018 The Miltones (The Teskey Brothers support) - Auckland - March 1, 2018 The National - Auckland - February 25, 2018 Tiny Ruins (The National support) - Auckland - February 25, 2018 Chris Botti - Auckland - February 21, 2018 Ne Obliviscaris - Auckland - February 21, 2018 Set on End (Ne Obliviscaris support) - Auckland - February 21, 2018 Metal Tower (Ne Obliviscaris support) - Auckland - February 21, 2018 Robbie Williams - Sydney - February 28, 2018 David Duchovny- Auckland- 20 Feb 2018 Ben Folds - Auckland - February 19, 2018 Lucy Rose (Ben Folds support) - Auckland - February 19, 2018 Queen + Adam Lambert - Auckland - 17th Feb 2018 Robbie Williams - Auckland - February 14, 2018 Foo Fighters - Auckland - February 21, 2015 Paramore - Auckland - February 13, 2018 Roger Waters - Melbourne - February 10, 2018 Macklemore - Auckland - February 9, 2018 Cattle Decapitation - Auckland - February 8, 2018 Organectomy (Cattle Decapitation support) - Auckland - February 8, 2018 Scorn Of Creation (Cattle Decapitation support) - Auckland - Thursday February 8, 2018 Silent Torture (Cattle Decapitation support) - Auckland - February 8, 2018 Foo Fighters - Auckland - February 3, 2018 Weezer (Foo Fighters support) - Auckland - February 3, 2018 We The Kings - Auckland - January 31, 2018 Written By Wolves (We The Kings support) - Auckland - January 31, 2018 Fire For Glory (We The Kings support) - Auckland - January 31, 2018 Foo Fighters - Melbourne - January 30, 2018 Aldous Harding at Laneway 2018 - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Anderson .Paak & The Free Nationals at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Billie Eilish at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Conan Mokasin at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 D.D Dumbo at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Father John Misty at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Julie Byrne at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Mac Demarco at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Pond at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Rolling Blackouts Coastal Fever - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Slowdive at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 The Internet at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 The War On Drugs at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 Wax Chattels at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 2018 Summer Concert Tour - Whitianga - January 28, 2017 Wolf Alice at Laneway - Auckland - January 29, 2018 The Selecter - Auckland - January 24, 2018 The Beat - Auckland - January 24, 2018 Roger Waters - Auckland - 24 Jan 2018 Mayhem - Auckland - January 23, 2018 Anno Domini Mortus (Mayhem support) - Auckland - January 23, 2018 Vassafor (Mayhem support) - Auckland - January 23, 2018 Soundsplash - Raglan - January 20, 2018 Alanis Morissette - Melbourne - January 22, 2018 Papa Roach - Melbourne - 21 Jan 2018 The Ugly Kings (With Papa Roach) - Melbourne - 21 Jan 2018 Kelela - Auckland - January 19, 2018 Villette (Kelela support) - Auckland - January 19, 2018 Post Malone - Auckland - Jan 2018 Six60 - Auckland - January 13, 2018 Nico & Vinz (Six60 support) - Auckland - January 13, 2018 KINGS (Six60 support) - Auckland - January 13, 2018 P Money (Six60 support - Auckland - January 13, 2018 Fleet Foxes - Wellington - January 11, 2018 The xx - Auckland - January 11, 2018 Fazerdaze (The xx support) - Auckland - January 11, 2018 Bryan Adams - Mt Maunganui - January 7, 2018 Jordan Luck Band - Mt Maunganui - January 7, 2018 Dave Dobbyn (Bryan Adams support) - Mt Maunganui - January 7, 2018 Devilskin - January 3, 2018 - Napier Skinny Hobos (Devilskin support) - January 3, 2018 - Napier Seas Of Conflict (Devilskin support) - January 3, 2018 - Napier Bay Dreams - Mount Maunganui - January 2, 2018 The Black Seeds - Mount Maunganui - December 30, 2017 Katchafire - Mount Maunganui - December 30, 2017 Wondergarden - Auckland - December 31st, 2017 Paul McCartney - Auckland - December 16, 2017 Angus & Julia Stone - Auckland - 16 December 2017 Yelawolf - Auckland - 14 December 2017 The Original Wailers - Auckland - 14 December 2017 Cat Stevens - Auckland - December 13, 2017 Big Thief - Auckland - December 3, 2017 Spiral Stairs - Auckland - December 3, 2017 Nervous Jerks (Marky Ramone support) - Christchurch - December 2, 2017 Marky Ramone - Christchurch - December 2, 2017 Harry Styles - Auckland - December 2, 2017 Paul Kelly - Auckland - 1 December 2017 SIA - Auckland - December 5, 2017 Charli XCX (SIA support) - Auckland - December 5, 2017 MØ (SIA support) - Auckland - December 5, 2017 Theia (SIA Support) - Auckland - December 5, 2017 Marky Ramone - Auckland - 1 December 2017 J Cole - Auckland - 1 December 2017 Sam Outlaw with special guest Courtney Marie Andrews - Auckland - November 30, 2017 Marky Ramone - Wellington - November 30, 2017 The Weeknd - Auckland - November 29, 2017 Blackbear - Melbourne - November 26, 2017 Feist - Auckland - November 25, 2017 Shawn Mendes - Auckland - November 25, 2017 Eric Benet - Auckland - November 24, 2017 Guitar Wolf - Wellington - 24 November 2017 Glen Matlock - Auckland - November 24, 2017 Greta Ray (Vance Joy support) - Melbourne - November 22, 2017 Vance Joy - Melbourne - November 22, 2017 Take That - Auckland - November 22, 2017 The Pretenders - Auckland - November 21, 2017 Stevie Nicks - Auckland - November 21, 2017 Ocean Colour Scene - Auckland - November 20, 2017 House Of Shem (UB40 support) - Christchurch - November 17, 2017 UB40 - Christchurch - November 17, 2017 Stevie Nicks - Melbourne - November 16, 2017 Kendall Elise (Lindi Ortega support) - Auckland - November 14, 2017 Lindi Ortega - Auckland - November 14, 2017 Lorde - Auckland - November 14, 2017 Merk (Marlon Williams support) - Wellington - November 11, 2017 Marlon Williams - Wellington - November 12, 2017 The Black Seeds - Melbourne - 9th November 2017 Midnight Oil - Melbourne - 6 November 2017 The Jezabels (Sup Midnight Oil) - Melbourne, 6th November 2017 Adalita (Support Midnight Oil) - Melbourne, 6th November 2017 Big Daddy Wilson - Auckland - Saturday November 4th, 2017 Written By Wolves - Auckland - Friday November 3rd, 2017 She Loves You (Supporting Written By Wolves) - Auckland - November 4th, 2017 Liit (Supporting Written By Wolves) - Auckland - Saturday November 4th, 2017 Fallstate (supporting Written By Wolves) - Auckland - November 4th, 2017 Drake - Auckland - Friday November 3rd, 2017 Sebastian Bach - Melbourne - October 28, 2017 Gypsy (Supporting Sebastian Bach) - Melbourne - 28th October 2017 Alice Cooper - Wellington - October 28, 2017 Ace Frehly (With Alice Cooper) - Wellington - October 28, 2017 Alice Cooper - Auckland - October 27, 2017 Ace Frehley - Auckland - 27 October 2017 Delaney Davidson - Christchurch - October 27th, 2017 The Dillinger Escape Plan - Auckland - October 25, 2017 Friday Night Jams - Auckland - October 22, 2017 Devilskin - Auckland - October 21, 2017 Andy Grammer - Auckland - October 18, 2017 Me First And The Gimme Gimmes - Auckland - October 15, 2017 Souther Fork Americana Fest 2017 - DAY FIVE Adam Ant - Melbourne - 13 October 2017 ALison Moyet - Auckland - October 14, 2017 Alison Moyet - Wellington - October 13, 2017 Peter Hook & The Light - Melbourne - 12 October 2017 Southern Fork Americana Fest 2017 - Day Four LIVE PHOTOS Southern Fork Americana Fest 2017, Day Three - Auckland - October 10, 2017 Julia Deans - Auckland - October 10, 2017 Adam Ant - Auckland - 9 October 2017 Southern Fork Americana Fest 2017, Day Two - Auckland - October 8th, 2017 Southern Fork Americana Fest 2017, Day One - Auckland - October 7th, 2017 Napalm Death - Auckland - October 4, 2017 Everclear - Auckland - October 1, 2017 Postmodern Jukebox - Christchurch - 1 October 2017 Trophy Eyes - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 Alex Lahey - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 The Preatures - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 All Day - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 The Pinheads - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 Ruby Fields - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 Bec Sandridge - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 Black Summer - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 Tyler James Organ - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 Chloe Dadd - Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong, 30 Sep 2017 London Grammar - Auckland - September 30, 2017 The Black Seeds - Christchurch - September 29, 2017 Racing - Auckland - September 29, 2017 The Vamps - Auckland - 23 September 2017 The Black Seeds - Auckland - 22nd Sept 2017 Max & Igor Cavalera - Brisbane - 21 September 2017 Skindred (Sup Max & Igor Cavalera) Brisbane, 21 September 2017 The Dandy Warhols - Auckland - 20 September, 2017 The Dandy Warhols - Christchurch - 19th September, 2017 Accept - Melbourne - 17th September 2017 AFI - Brisbane - 16 September 2017 Midnight Oil - Christchurch - 11 September, 2017 Midnight Oil - Auckland - 9 September, 2017 Dan Sultan - Melbourne - 2 September 2017 Christopher Cross - Auckland - 30 August, 2017 X - Melbourne - September 2017 The Heartache State (Supporting X) - Melbourne - September 2017 Fist Full Of Rock 2017 - 26 August, 2-17 - Melbourne Kehlani - August 27, 2017 - Melbourne Northlane - Wellington - 25 August, 2017 Stone Sour -Melbourne 25 August 17 Richie Kotzen - Brisbane - 24 August, 2017 Kehlani - Auckland - 23 August, 2017 Stone Sour - Auckland - 23 August, 2017 Alae - Christchurch - 18 August, 2017 Devilskin visit 7-days - 11th Aug 2017 Jon Toogood Melbourne 4 August 17 Ezekiel Ox (Supporting Jon Toogood) Melbourne 4 Aug 17 Little Mix - Auckland - July 30, 2017 bStreet Celebration - Auckland - July 29, 2017 Steve Hackett - Auckland -28 July 17 Rag and Bone Man & The Teskey Brothers - Melbourne - July 24, 2017 Julien Baker & Adam Torres - Auckland - 23 July, 2017 Written By Wolves - Auckland - July 22nd, 2017 Japandroids - Wellington - July 22nd, 2017 The Miltones - Auckland - July 22nd, 2017 Sigur Rós - 21 July, 2017 - Auckland LANY - 20 July, 2017 - Melbourne In Hearts Wake-Brisbane-15 July 2017 Queens of the Stone Age-Auckland-13 July 2017 The Undertones- Auckland- 12 July 2017 Leatherhead- Auckland-July 2017 Pallbearer - Auckland July 8th, 2017 Hanson - Auckland - June 27th, 2017 The HardOns Auckland 23rd June 17 Wolfmother - Auckland - June 10th, 2017 I Love The 90s - Auckland - June 3rd, 2017 The Music of Cream - Christchurch 1st June 2017 Fleshgod Apocalypse - Auckland - Smith Street Band - Sydney - 26th May 2017 Crystal Castles - Auckland - 25th May 2017 Devin Townsend Project - Melbourne - 23rd May 2017 Ryan Adams - Auckland - 20th May 2017 Devin Townsend Project - Auckland 18th May 2017 Green Day - Auckland 13th May 2017 Seedy Jeezus - Auckland 11th May 2017 Head Like A Hole - Auckland 11th May 2017 Living Colour - Auckland 11th May 2017 $uicideBoy$ - Auckland 7th May 2017 Green Day - Melbourne 5th May 2017 The Animals - Auckland 4th May 2017 Nashville Pussy Auckland 4th May 2017 Hans Zimmer -Auckland 29th April 2017 Alcest - Auckland 24th April 2017 The Darkness - Christchurch 22nd April 2017 Helmet - Auckland 22nd April 2017 The Darkness - Wellington 21st April 2017 The Darkness - Auckland 20th April 2017 Lindsey Stirling - Auckland 19th April 2017 Protest The Hero - Auckland 19th April 2017 Taite Music Prize - Auckland 19th April 2017 Santana & Doobie Brothers - Auckland 18th April 2017 Blondie - Auckland 17th April 2017 Cyndi Lauper - Auckland 17th April 2017 Jon Toogood - Christchurch 12th April 2017 Amy Shark EP Release Party - Auckland 11th April 2017 Tony Joe White - Auckland 9th April 2017 Sleepmakeswaves - Brisbane 8th April 2017 Six60 with Drax Project - Auckland 1st April 2017 Windhand - Auckland 1st April 2017 Cough - Auckland 1st April 2017 Written By Wolves - Auckland 31st March 2017 Alter Bridge - Auckland 31st March 2017 Avalanche City - Sydney 29th March 2017 Dixie Chicks - Sydney 29th March 2017 WOMAD Festival - New Plymouth NZ 17- 19th March 2017 Kingswood - Melbourne 24th March 2017 Don Henley - Christchrch 21st March 2017 Justin Bieber - Auckland 18th March 2017 Chain And The Gang - Wellington 17 March 2017 Beatcomber - Wellington 17th March 2017 Hex - Wellington 17th March 2017 Marduk - Auckland 11th March 2017 Gorguts - Auckland 11 March 2017 The Pixies - Auckland 11th March 2017 Meshuggah - Auckland 9th March 2017 Thy Art Is Murder - Auckland 9th March 2017 The Damned - Auckland 8th March 2017 Alterbridge - Brisbane 3rd March 2017 Tinie Tempah - Auckland 1 March 2017 Kid Ink - Auckland 1st March 2017 Killswitch Engage - Auckland 1st March 2017 Fallujah - Auckland 1st March 2017 Bruce Springsteen And The E Street Band - Auckland 25th February 2017 Simple Minds - Christchurch 16th February 2017 B-52's - Christchurch 16th February 2017 Neurosis - Auckland 15th February 2017 James Taylor - Auckland 4th February 2017 Guns N' Roses - Auckland 4th February 2017 Atomic Kitten - Auckland 3rd February 2017 Liberty X - 3rd February 2017 B*Witched - Auckland 3rd February 2017 Opeth - Auckland 2nd February 2017 Panic! At The Disco - Auckland 2nd February 2017 Guns N' Roses - Wellington 2nd February 2017 St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th March 2017 Tame Impala at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Purple Pilgrims at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 White Lung at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 The Veils at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Nick Murphy at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 The Chills at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Refused at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Car Seat Headrest at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Glass Animals at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Clams Casinoat St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Fazerdaze at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Nikolai at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Bob Moses at St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 30th Jan 2017 Puscifer - Auckland 29th January 2017 PJ Harvey - Auckland 24th January 2017 Nick Cave - Auckland 18th January 2017 Passenger - Auckland 17th January 2017 The Paper Kites - Auckland 17th January 2017 Lake Street Dive & Alae - Auckland 11th January 2017 Halestorm - Auckland 7th Jan 2017 Devilskin - Auckland 7th Jan 2017 City Of Souls - Christchurch 31st December 2016 Devilskin - Christchurch 31st December 2016 Stonehurst - Christchurch 31st December 2016 Halestorm - Christchurch 31st December 2016 Big Ass Tour 2016 - Auckland 10th December 2016 Supergroove - Auckland 6th December 2016 Baroness - Auckland 5th December 2016 Keith Urban - Wellington 3rd December 2016 Carrie Underwood - Wellington 3rd December 2016 Coldplay - Auckland 3rd December 2016 Ben Harper - Auckland 2nd December 2016 The Monkees - Auckland 30th November 2016 Selena Gomez - Auckland 13th August 2016 MAALA - Auckland - 12 August 2016 Katchafire - Auckland 5th August 2016 Macklemore, Ryan Lewis AKL 28July16 Miller Yule EP Release, 26May16 MAALA - Christchurch - 20th July 2016 Twenty One Pilots - Auckland 18th April 2016 Twenty One Pilots - Auckland 18th April 2016 A$AP Rocky - Auckland 24th February 2016 Adam Lambert - Auckland 22nd January 2016 Nelly - Auckland 29th November 2016 Northlane - Auckland 24th November 2016 The Cult - Auckland 21st November 2016 Vodafone New Zealand Music Awards 2016 - Auckland 19th November 2016 The Mission - Auckland 19th November 2016 The Mission - Wellington 18th November 2016 Disjecta Membra - Wellington 18th November 2016 Disturbed - Auckland 18th November 2016 TechN9ne - Auckland 17th November 2016 Tash Sultana - Auckland 11th November 2016 James - Auckland 9th November 2016 Ronan Keating - Auckland 4th November 2016 Vengaboys - Auckland 29th October 2016 Sonique - Auckland 29th October 2016 Coridian - Auckland 28th October 2016 Primacy - Auckland 28th October 2016 Dirty Wolves - Auckland 28th October 2016 Red Sea - Auckland 28th October 2016 Slipknot - Auckland 26th October 2016 Lamb Of God - Auckland 26th October 2016 Steven Wilson - Auckland 26th October 2016 Villainy - Wellington 22nd October 2016 Skinny Hobos - Wellington 22nd October 2016 KISS - Auckland - 16th October 2016 Bakers Eddy - Wellington 22nd October 2016 Villainy - Auckland 14th October 2016 Lacuna Coil - Melbourne 13th October 2016 Falling In Reverse - Auckland 12th October 2016 The Rubens - Auckland 13th October 2016 Yukon Era - Auckland 13th October 2016 Bring The Rawkus - Auckland 17th September 2016 Arrested Development - Auckland 28th August 2016 A$AP Ferg - Auckland 22nd September 2016 Lizzie Marvelly - Auckland - 21 Sept 2016 King Loser - September 22nd 2016 Jakob - Auckland 20th August 2016 DNCE - Auckland 13th August 2016 Lennon: Through A Glass Onion - Media Preview 10th August 2016 Kora - Auckland 5th August 2016 Black Tusk - Auckland 3rd August 2016 Cripple Mr Onion - Auckland 30th July 2016 Armed In Advance - Auckland 24th July 2016 Drowning Pool - Auckland 24th July 2016 Ladyhawke - Auckland 23rd July 2016 Ladyhawke - Wellington 22nd July 2016 Flume - Auckland 22nd July 2016 HWLS - Christchurch 20th July 2016 Flume - Christchurch 20th July 2016 Broods - Auckland 15th July 2016 Broods- Christchurch - 14 July 2016 JG Thirlwell - Wellington 1st July 2016 Troye Sivan - Auckland 30th June 2016 Lulu & Leo Sayer - Auckland - 26 June 2016 Fur Patrol & Swervedriver - Auckland - 19 June 2016 Brandy - Auckland 15th June 2016 Big Country - Auckland 11th June 2016 Avalanche City - Auckland 3rd June 2016 Cherie Currie - Wellington 21st May 2016 Cherie Currie - Auckland 20th May 2016 Common - Auckland 11th May 2016 Iron Maiden - Auckland 1st May 2016 Iron Maiden Ed Force One Landing - Auckland - 30 April 2016 Josh Groban - Auckland - 30 April 2016 Iron Maiden - Christchurch 29th April 2016 Matt Corby - Auckland - 23rd April 2016 Mick Fleetwood - AKL - 31 Mar 16 Brian Wilson -Auckland-26 March 16 Auckland City Limits Festival - Auckland 19th March 2016 Jakob - Auckland 19th March 2016 Buzzcocks - Auckland - 19 March 2016 Buzzcocks - Christchurch 18th March 2016 Buzzcocks - Wellington 16th March 2016 Epica - Auckland 16th March 2016 DJ Mustard - Auckland 10th March 2016 Madonna - Auckland - 5 March 2016 GBH - Auckland 4th March 2016 JD McPherson - Auckland 27th February 2016 High On Fire - Auckland 23rd February 2016 Between The Buried & Me - Auckland 21st February 2016 James Bay - Auckland 9th February 2016 Briefs Factory Media Preview - February 2016 Bulletbelt - Auckland 30th January 2016 Carnal - Auckland 30th January 2016 Kurt Vile - Auckland 12th January 2016 Leon Bridges - Auckland 9th January 2016 Sol3 Mio - Auckland 20th December 2015 Anika Moa - Auckland 20th December 2015 AC/DC - Auckland 15th December 2015 Villainy - Auckland 15 December 2015 Ed Sheeran - Auckland 12th December 2015 Mono - Auckland - 10 Dec 2015 Cold Chisel Auckland - 6 December 2015 Chris Cornell - Auckland 26th November 2015 Gin Wigmore - Christchurch 26th Nov 2015 Florence & the Machine - Auckland -21 November 2015 Fleetwood Mac - Auckland - 21 November 2015 10CC - Auckland 10th November 2015 Burt Bacherach-Auckland-7 Novem 15 Boyz ll Men - Auckland - 17 October 2015 Jon Toogood - Auckland 9th October 2015 Wiz Khalifa - Auckland - 25th September 2015 Toni Braxton Auckland 18th September 2015 Imagine Dragons - Auckland - 8 September 2015 Hell Yeah - Auckland - 20 August 2015 Head Like A Hole - Auckland 8th August 2015 8 Foot Sativa - Auckland 8th August 2015 I am Giant - Auckland - 1 August 2015 Johnny Marr - Auckland - 16 July 2015 Twenty One Pilots - Auckland 9th July 2015 5SOS - Auckland 18th June 2015 Brooke Fraser -Auckland- 15 June 2015 Don McGlashen -Auckland - 11 June 2015 Herbie Hancock & Chick Corea - 30 May 2015 Backstreet Boys - Auckland - 12 May 2015 Alice Cooper - Auckland 9th May 2015 Demi Lovato - Auckland - 26 April 2015 Ace Frehley - Auckland 25th April 2015 Lindsey Stirling - Auckland - 14 February 2015 Heart - Whitianga- 27 June 2014 Ahoribuzz Anathema Anika Moa Avalanche City Bad Manners Black Dahlia Murder Carnal with Black Dahlia Murder Daffodils Benefit Gala - Auckland 3rd June 2016 Dead Letter Circus Devilskin - Christchurch Devilskin - Palmerston North Dillenger Escape Plan Dragon in Christchurch Fat Freddy's Drop Eden Mulholland Fazerdaze Spport Matt Corby Gin Wigmore Blood to Bone Tour in Auckland Gin Wigmore In Auckland 2015 Heavy Metal Nijas Jamie McDell Black Sabbath LIVE PHOTOS by John Raptis 2013 Liam & Neil Finn Lisa Crawley Machine Head Marlon Williams Mi Sex Montell Jordan (Supports TLC) Auckland Moon Duo Mothra 7inch Album Rease Motley Crue Mumford & Sons Naughty By Nature Neil Diamond Noel Fielding Paper Kites Parkway Drive Patrick James Supports Paper Kites Pheonix Foundation Primacy Racing Rackets Album Release Party Raggamuffin 2016 (Leah Victoria) Randy Hansen Ratatat with special guests Heavy Red Fang Remote Rhythm & Vines 2015-16 Robbie Wiliams Wellington Robbie Williams in Auckland Rudimental Russell Brand Rutts DC Ryan Adams July 2015 Sam Smith Bulletbelt Auckland 11 March 2017 ScHoolboy Q Screaming Females Seasons with Black Dahlia Murder Seether Sentenia with Black Dahlia Murder Sevendust Shaolin Warriors Simply Red Six60 Sleater-Kinney Sleeping with Sirens Sol3Mio Tango La Luna Soilwork Spandau Ballet Steel Panther with guests Blue Ruin St. Jerome's Laneway Festival 2016 Stonehurst Bring Me The Horizon - Auckland 10th February 2017 The 1975 The Angels The Big Ass Tour The Block Party The Broods The Church Tour 2016 The Church Tour Auckland The Cure The Dickies The Exploited The Internet The Kills The Misfits The Script The Stranglers The Temper Trap The Transistors Christchurch The Wailers - Auckland These Four Walls - Auckland 20th February 2016 Thurston Moore Tim Finn - Auckland TLC - Auckland 26th November 2016 Trinity Roots - Auckland 9th June 2016 Trinity Roots - Auckland 2015 Villainy in Christchurch Voyager - Auckland 16th March 2016 Jimmy Barnes (Book Promo) Christchurch 9th February 2017 We The Kings - Auckland 23rd February 2016 WOMAD Festival 2016 - New Plymouth 20th March 2016 Xavier Rudd - Auckland 3rd February 2016 Yelawolf - Auckland 4th December 2015 Zakk Wylde & Black Label Society - Auckland 4th December 2015 Alexander Hallag Photographer Portfolio Doug Peters Photographer Portfolio Erik Norder Photographer Portfolio Garry Brandon Photographer Portfolio John Raptis Photographer Portfolio Leah Victoria Photographer Portfolio Lou Mitchell Photographer Portfolio Mark Derricut Photographer Portfolio Matt Young Photographer Megan Blackwell Photographer Portfolio Megan Moss Photographer Portfolio Mick Goddard Photographer Paul Willyams Photographer Portfolio Scott Burns Photographer Portfolio Stella Gardiner Photographer Portfolio Trace Bundy - Wellington 21st August 2016 Van Larkins - Wellington 21st August 2016 Kid Congo & The Pink Monkey Birds - Auckland 3rd September 2016 Pentatonix - Auckland 10th September 2016 Curlys Jewels - Wellington 17th September 2016 Opium Eaters - Wellington 17th September 2016 City Of Souls - Auckland 20th August 2016 Silver Scroll Awards 29th September 2016 Joe Pug & Courtney Marie Andrews - 20 July - Auckland Ellie Goulding - Christchurch 29th September 2016 Black Mountain - Auckland 30th September 2016 Ellie Goulding - Auckland 1st October 2016 Black Mountain - Wellington 1st October 2016 Escape The Fate - Auckland 1st October 2016 Monolord - Auckland 4th October 2016 Ufomammut - Auckland 4th October 2016 Reverend Horton Heat - Wellington 5th October 2016 Reverend Horton Heat - Auckland 6th October 2016 Dragonforce - Auckland - July 1st, 2017 Mice On Stilts - Auckland 7th October 2016 Tom Petty - Houston, USA - September 24, 2014 Bay City Rollers - Auckland - August 4, 2018 Suzanne Vega - Auckland - August 7, 2018 Lisa Crawley (Suzanne Vega support) - Auckland - August 7, 2018 Celine Dion - Auckland - August 11, 2018 Veronic DiCaire (Celine Dion support) - Auckland - August 11, 2018 Latinaotearoa - Auckland - August 10, 2018 Katy Perry - Auckland - August 20, 2018 Archspire - Auckland - August 22, 2018 Order Of Diptera (Archspire support) - Auckland August 21, 2018 Organectomy (Archspire support) - Auckland - August 21, 2018 The Charlatans - Auckland - August 22, 2018 Marc Martel: The Ultimate Queen Celbration - Auckland - Friday August 24, 2018 Queens Of The Stone Age - Christchurch - August 25, 2018 Marc Martel: The Ultimate Queen Experience - Christchurch - August 26, 2018 Wolf Alice - Auckland - September 30, 2018 Alice Ivy (Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 BOYTOY (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Clews (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Dear Seattle (Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Hellions (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Luca Brasi (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Maddy Jane (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Mallrat (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Mere Women (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 20, 2018 Middle Kids (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Moaning Lisa (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Ocean Alley (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Peking Duk (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Polaris (Yours & Owls Festival - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Press Club (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Psychedelic Porn Crumpets - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Reaper (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 The Jungle Giants (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Tiny Little Houses (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Touch Sensitive (Yours & Owls Festival) - Wollongong - September 29, 2018 Boney M - Auckland - October 5, 2018 Holly Arrowsmith (Southern Fork Americana Fest) - Auckland - October 5, 2018 Willie Watson (Southern Fork Americana Fest) - Auckland - October 5, 2018 Postmodern Jukebox - Auckland - October 5, 2018 Postmodern Jukebox - Christchurch - October 8, 2018 Church Of Misery - Auckland - October 9, 2018 Slumbug (Church Of Misery support) - Auckland - October 9, 2018 Bloodnut (Church Of Misery support) - Auckland - October 9, 2018 Harry Lyon - Auckland - October 12, 2018 The Bads (Harry Lyon support) - Auckland - October 12, 2018 Reb Fountain (Southern Fork Americana Fest) - Auckland - October 12, 2018 Tom Cunliffe (Southern Fork Americana Fest) - Auckland - October 12, 2018 The Eastern (Southern Fork Americana Fest) - Auckland - October 13, 2018 Emily Fairlight (Southern Fork Americana Fest) - Auckland - October 13, 2018 Dimmu Borgir - Auckland - October 14, 2018 Earth Rot (Dimmu Borgir support) - Auckland - October 14, 2018 Ruel - Auckland - October 14, 2018 Dylan Joel (Ruel support) - Auckland - October 14, 2018 Shihad - Auckland - 26th October. 2018 Kora (Shihad support) - Auckland - 26th October. 2018 Villainy (Shihad support) - Auckland - 26th October, 2018 Fozzy - Auckland - November 7, 2018 Coridian (Fozzy support) - Auckland - November 7, 2018 Checcaine (Fozzy support) - Auckland - November 7, 2018 Taylor Swift - Auckland - November 9, 2018 Broods (Taylor Swift suport) - Auckland - November 9, 2018 King Princess - Auckland - November 8, 2018 Clea (King Princess) - Auckland - November 8, 2018 Medulla Obiongata (King Princss) - Auckland - November 8, 2018 Def Leppard - Auckland - November 12, 2018 Scorpions - Auckland - November 12, 2018 Passenger - Auckland - November 13, 2018 Bell Witch - Auckland - November 13, 2018 Conan - Auckland - November 13, 2018 Mothra (Conan & Bell Witch support) - Auckland - November 13, 2018
Libel Music is a music and entertainment website based in New Zealand, and features the latest news, concert reviews, announcements, competitions and photographs both locally and abroad.
Coridian are ready to unveil their 2nd release Caldera this November. With the help of Zorran Mendonsa this packet of sound includes two released singles Blind Faith (2016) & Reflections (2017) as well as four new tracks that have been road tested on stage.
“We have found our sound with Zorran and have crafted it into what we believe is our best work to date. The music carries highs and lows, with emotive lyrics, a massive rhythm section, epic guitars, which are sewn together with soaring vocals.
With Caldera being released, Coridian will be playing a handful of tour shows mixed in with some festival dates, riding high from their support slot on the Devilskin 2017 tour in October.
2018 will see them continuing to explore new cities on tour (to be announced in Dec) Our pursuit for radio domination is high on the list for 2018 as well as more music and a debut South Island trek.
The Jesus And Mary Chain bring their trademark searing, feedback drenched rock and roll back down under.
The Beths are set to support The Breeders in their sold out Auckland show on December 11th at The Powerstation.
Having left a trail of ecstatically exhausted fans in its wake from Niagara Falls to New Zealand to Australia, Queens Of The Stone Age’s world tour in support of its international chart-topping seventh album Villains (Matador) has careened to a triumphant finish with its 129th show in Perth.
Legendary alt-pop four-piece The Breeders, are set to play a one-night-only show at The Powerstation in Auckland on December 11th.
Wolf Alice’s Auckland show has been rescheduled to accommodate the band’s attendance at the 2018 Hyundai Mercury Prize award ceremony in London.
Tiny Ruins' new song 'How Much' is out today August 7th as an independent release (NZ), Milk! Records (AU), Ba Da Bing (U.S.) and Marathon Records (UK / EU).
Death Cab for Cutie has officially announced the release of their upcoming ninth studio album; Thanks You For Today to be released on August
Body/Head, the duo of Kim Gordon (CKM, Sonic Youth, Free Kitten, etc.) and guitarist Bill Nace (X.O.4, Vampire Belt, Ceylon Mange, etc), will release their second studio album, The Switch, on July 13 on Matador Records.
Peter Pan Goes Wrong is a play I've been dying to see, being a huge fan of comedy and having loved J.M. Barrie since I was a child.
I caught up with Snake Sabo of Skid Row and discovered he was a lot more profound and positive that I expected from a guy named Snake.
I talked with Chris Jericho, about writing songs, fronting for Fozzy and rock and roll with a smile.
There's no denying that at my core, I'm a lover of progressive music - whether that means I love "prog" music or not is a question for another day, and is a topic which I touched on whilst talking to Steven Wilson the other week regarding the upcoming To The Bone show at Auckland's Bruce Mason Centre.
Auckland-based quartet Openside have added an extra date to their first, all-ages, nationwide tour. The group headlines The Seamless Tour will now perform a final show in Tauranga on July 20th featuring special guests DUNES .
Paul Kastick, Jamaican drummer, producer and member of Big Mountain is a name that’s been hiding behind many international artistes for the last two decades.
The Iron Maidens - the world’s best (and only all-female) Iron Maiden tribute act - are bringing their intense and electrifying live shows to light up venues across Australia and New Zealand.
Consisting of drummer/vocalist Cat Leahy and guitarist/vocalist Leisha Jungalwalla, This Way North will be a part of a very special night in Auckland called ‘Sass the Patriarchy’ an event they have been running in Australia.
Australian comedy duo, The Umbilical Brothers are back with a brand new show - Not Suitable For Children.
Vivian Campbell - legendary guitarist of Def Leppard chats with Mark Derricutt to discuss the announced Spark Arena show with The Scorpions in November to celebrate the 30th anniversary of Hysteria.
As the days and nights get colder, we need something more to laugh about than the unpredictability of Auckland weather and lucky for us, The New Zealand International Comedy Festival returns (kicking off this Thursday 26 April).
Biffy Clyro are heading to New Zealand next week to play one show at the Spark Arena on Tuesday April 24th.
I Am Giant’s have recently released their third and final album ‘Life in Captivity’. Featuring the singles ‘Dead Flower’, ‘Playing With Fire’ and ‘Don’t Look Back’, the band are currently touring New Zealand; their final tour and last hurrah in NZ.
To this day I still remember my introduction to Sepultura - camped out in the granny flat bedroom of long-time friend Kerry - a live version of their cover of Motörhead's Orgasmatron, and from there it continues to this day
80’s rockers Big Country are currently in this part of the world - having just completed a tour in Australia and have now made it to New Zealand to perform a series of shows here.
Georgia Nott from BROODS fame appeared on the latest edition of NZ Entertainment Podcast, talking to the team about her new album The Venus Project, an album created entirely by women.
The wait is almost over as Auckland City Limits is set to take place this Saturday (March 3rd) at Western Springs Stadium. Included on the bill are one of France’s most famous four-piece band's Phoenix.
“I find inspiration from people who are trying to do something different. There's a lot of producers trying to copy each other, eg Terror Squad. But it’s really cool to hear guys like SumthinSumthin, completely unchallenged in their own lane.” – Graham Matthews
Chris Botti, the world’s biggest selling jazz instrumentalist, is heading to Australia and New Zealand later this month for a string of concerts
Pharaoh SWAMI (formerly known as em.ee.zee from rap collective Died in '69) arrived in NZ with his family as a refugee from Ethiopia.
Remind Me Tomorrow, Sharon Van Etten’s first new album in almost five years, comes out January 18th.
Auckland-based indie/pop artist Being. has been announced as support for Ben Ottewell's solo show at The Tuning Fork, November 14th.
Armed with a career spanning over four decades and a signature brand of feel-good rock’n’roll hits, Bryan Adams is returning to New Zealand with his ‘Shine A Light’ tour.
Just announced today Marlon Williams will grace the stage of Auckland’s most picturesque outdoor venue this summer, Villa Maria Winery.
John Butler Trio announce their return to New Zealand in March to play Nelson’s Trafalgar Centre on Saturday 2 March and an afternoon set outdoors at The Hunting Lodge in Waimauku, Auckland on Sunday 3 March.
British rock royalty Arctic Monkeys have ushered in a spectacular new era with their sixth studio album, Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino, and it has now been announced that the band will return to New Zealand for a mammoth arena show in March 2019.
For the first time in Australia and New Zealand the band will be playing their seminal album ‘Pills ’n’ Thrills and Bellyaches’ in full!
Global award-winning electronic act The Prodigy are set to play one New Zealand show in 2019 to celebrate the release of their new album ‘No Tourists’ to be released globally on 2 November 2018.
Racing are set to release their new album Real Dancing on Friday November 9th, and to celebrate the band are launching out across New Zealand for an eight-date tour.
One of Britain’s most iconic and sophisticated names; Bryan Ferry, the acclaimed solo artist and leader of Roxy Music, is returning to New Zealand in March 2019 as part of his extensive world tour.
Californian rock legends Jefferson Starship will join TOTO and Dragon on next year’s ‘A Summer’s Day Live’ series, which will take in some of the most picturesque locations and popular concert venues across New Zealand.
A second and final Auckland concert for the Eagles World Tour has been added to meet overwhelming demand.
One of the USA’s most remarkable songwriters: two time Grammy winner and master storyteller John Prine, is set to tour New Zealand and Australia in 2019.
Popular visitors to Kiwi shores - Scotland’s The Proclaimers – today have announced their most comprehensive New Zealand tour to date.
Following the release of first single ‘Suspirium’ a second track, ‘Has Ended’, has been released in advance of Thom Yorke’s Suspiria (Music for the Luca Guadagnino Film).
Indie-rockers Racing have released the highly-anticipated video for their latest single, ‘Party Slow’.
In celebration of the highly anticipated November release of their fourth studio album Delta,English folk conquerors Mumford & Sons today announced details of a massive 60 date world tour which will include a very special one day event in Auckland this Summer –their first New Zealand show since 2015!
Virtuoso musician/composer Jordan Rudess, will embark on an Australian & New Zealand tour this November performing his solo piano performance, FROM BACH TO ROCK: A MUSICIAN’S JOURNEY.
The Eagles are set to bring their critically-acclaimed Eagles World Tour to Australia and New Zealand in February and March.
Openside have been announced as the support act for Panic! At the Disco at Spark Arena on Tuesday 16th October 2018.
On the heels of a highly successful Australia and New Zealand tour earlier this year, New Zealand songstress KIMBRA has announced a one-off return show for Wellington audiences.
After 3 years in the making, Henry St, the long awaited debut album from Auckland based 4 piece Alae releases today.
On the cusp of his sold-out Sydney Opera House performance tomorrow evening, Sam Smith will return to Australia and New Zealand on his The Thrill Of It All World Tour this November.
Internationally celebrated musician Estère performs at Ostend War Memorial Hall on Saturday 8th December, her one show on Waiheke Island.
In anticipation of her sold out debut Australian shows in Sydney and Melbourne, breakout pop star Anne-Marie will perform her first New Zealand headline show next March.
To celebrate her forthcoming tour, this Saturday evening television Three will broadcast the New Zealand premiere of Taylor Swift – Road to Reputation.
George Ezra toured the world nonstop for more than two years following the release of his debut LP Wanted On Voyage, finally making it to Aotearoa for one of the standout sets of this year’s Auckland City Limits.
In the summer of 2019, Frontier Touring and Arena Touring will introduce Australia and New Zealand to the ultimate throwback pop experience: So Pop.
In 2012, during the first season of the popular television series Girls, show creator and Robyn super-fan Lena Dunham featured 'Dancing On My Own' in a crucial point in the story line.
Following the release of her critically-acclaimed My Design, On Others Lives in April this year, Estère teams up with the poetically tongued NZ/Rwandan MC Raiza Biza, to take on the myth of an infamous figure in cross-continental African folklore, the Tokoloshe.
SIX60’s ground-breaking concert on 23 February has sold out. The audience of 50,000 means that this is the biggest ever headline show by a Kiwi act, at the iconic Western Springs Stadium.
If Anika Moa was feeling ready to kick back for the remainder of 2018, then things haven’t really run to plan. In fact it’s about to get a whole lot busier for the multi-talented entertainer with a new album release, tv series and live shows all on the way.
One Love 2019 is shaping up to be the best yet, with some of the most well-known and exciting names in reggae, roots, soul and R’n’B added to the bill.
Since achieving international recognition from Rollingstone.com and Billboard.com for hit singles Too Strung Up and Stone Cold, and amassing over 3 million Spotify streams for their releases to date, Alae now unveil All Gived Up.
Broods, the New Zealand born, LA-based indie-pop duo of siblings Georgia & Caleb Nott, have shared the video for their new single, 'Peach'.
British singer Lily Allen will touch down in Australia and New Zealand in February 2019 for a series of electric shows.
P!NK's New Zealand tour kicks off this weekend with a show at Dunedin's Forsyth Barr Stadium this Saturday September 1st, followed by six shows at the Spark Arena in Auckland.
GRAMMY award-winning DJ and producer David Guetta announces the date and tracklisting for his long awaited new seventh studio album titled ‘7’ –which arrives officially on 14th September.
Christchurch-based singer and songwriter Ashy has released her new single ‘Over You’ – a beat-driven banger, which establishes her as ‘one to watch’ on the Kiwi pop scene.
'Call Me', the latest track by Wellington electro-pop singer and producer Josie Moon made last week's New Music Friday playlists from Spotify Australia/NZ and Japan and influential UK blogger Popjustice.
Cirque du Soleil is returning to Auckland with its trademark blue-and-yellow big top (Grand Chapiteau) for the first time in FIVE years, with the spectactular production KOOZA.
Love and beauty take centre stage in New Zealand Opera's La bohème, with an exciting young cast from around the world beginning rehearsals in Auckland this week.
Award-winning comedian and writer Sarah Millican, announces her biggest ever stand-up tour of New Zealand, Control Enthusiast.
Colin Mochrie, Brad Sherwood and Greg Proops the popular stars of the Emmy nominated Whose Line Is It Anyway? have teamed up to present an evening of extraordinary improvisational comedy for one show only at the Bruce Mason Centre in Auckland.
A very special line-up of guests has been announced for the two night season of Stimmung Choir Sings Our Lady of the Flowers at Q Theatre on 19-20 July.
In a New Zealand first, five of the stars of Twin Peaks, Sheryl Lee, Kimmy Robertson, Michael Horse, Al Strobel, Dana Ashbrook and the Executive Producer of Twin Peaks: A Limited Event Series, Sabrina S. Sutherland, will visit Auckland and Christchurch for an exclusive and unique CONVERSATION WITH THE STARS evening.
Singer Elaine Paige has announced an 8-date series of concerts from October 10 to October 25 2018, which will see her perform songs from her illustrious career along side an array of her favourite tracks by contemporary songwriters.
The critically acclaimed, award-winning comedian and actor, Catherine Tate, is bringing The Catherine Tate Show - Live to New Zealand for the first time, with shows in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch commencing November 28, 2018.
Dynamo will now extend his first ever New Zealand tour to a total of eight arena performances with one last and final show to be added to his already massive NZ tour
After the 2016 sell-out tour, Larks in Transit, the UK’s very own straggle-haired polymath, Bill Bailey, returns to New Zealand with his new comedy and music extravaganza, Earl of Whimsy.
It has been announced overnight that Last Tapes Theatre Company's original production Valerie has been selected for a month-long season in the prestigious Summerhall programme at Edinburgh Festival Fringe this August.
Record-breaking global comedy superstar, Jeff Dunham, is bringing his cast of characters to New Zealand in September 2018 with his brand-new show Passively Aggressive.
The last hurrah of the Comedy Fest! The Season Finale! The bit at the end where the awards are decided, everybody relaxes and much fun is had. It’s the titled Last Laughs on Sunday 20 May at SkyCity Theatre.
The 13th Annual Doc Edge, International Documentary Film Festival opens today - Wednesday 9th May at Wellington’s Roxy Cinema followed by Auckland’s Q Theatre on Wednesday 23rd May, bringing an influx of prestigious directors and documentary subjects from all over the world.
pulp?Magazine using the common pulp size: 6.5" by 9.5". For ISFDB purposes this may also be used as a designation for the quality of the paper. There are some untrimmed pulps that are as large as 8" by 11.75
digest?Digest-size magazine, including both standard digest size, at about 7" by 4.5", and also large digest, such as recent issues of Asimov's, which are about 8.25" by 5.125".
View all covers for Coventry (logged in users can change User Preferences to always display covers on this page)
July 09, 2017: during Antawn Jamisons All Star camp held at the Dean Smith Center in Chapel Hill, NC (photo credit by Jim Dedmon)
By clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of first and third-party cookies on your device to enhance site navigation and analyze site usage. Find out more about our cookie policy.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of first and third-party cookies on your device. View our Cookie Policy.
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, your device or used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, you should know that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work then.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
These cookies allow the provision of enhance functionality and personalization, such as videos and live chats. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these functionalities may not function properly.
These cookies are set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience our targeted advertising across different websites.
A shortlisted proposal for the Young North East Sculptor of the Year Award, consisting of steel spheres engraved into the microscopic patterns of the dendrological life of the Cheeseburn sculpture gardens.
A 3D-printed human skull and spinal column, scaled up to 130% and mounted on a custom steel structure.
Assemblage created from numerous found materials and parts, interacting with an immaculate, yet imperfect 3D-printed heart.
A steel sculpture comprised of several detachable shapes that allow for frequent disassembly and restructuring.
The Three Laws of Robotics, created by science fiction writer Isaac Asimov, translated into binary and laser-engraved into paper.
A looping video made from hand-cut silhouettes of children. Created for a Christmas gig by alternative indie band 'mylittlebrother'.
A short, black and white film that captures the first and only cigarette smoked by the artist. Shot on 16mm film using a Bolex H16 camera.
A reconstruction of a previous sculpture, rusted, reshaped and displayed amongst a collection of 'Golden Dews' by Wolfgang Buttress.
A printed collection of microscopic imagery, consisting largely of insects that had died of natural causes.
A series of mixed-media pieces of artwork, buried in a small pile of composted soil. Viewers were encouraged to dig through the work.
A brief piece of performance art from a workshop ran by Giles Bailey, inspired by Allan Kaprow's Happenings.
A series of photographs depicting residents of Carlisle that change when looked at through rose-tinted glasses.
A series of custom perfumes with scents that match changing perspectives of thirteen different cities.
A stop-motion film that elucidates the feeling of experiencing a night terror. Created as part of a wider installation.
We have zero toolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We will remove links to copyrighted or illegal content withing several hours. Just provide urls to copyrighted or illegal content on DMCA/Content Removal request page
christmas car. if youre going to decorate your car for the holidays i speak for all motorists when i say wed appreciate more effort than the antlers or. reindeer christmas car decoration set new easy. photograph of liberty van smokers rights in decked for christmas parades 2008 drivers side view. gallery christmas car decorations. Christmas Decorations - Christmas Decorations
Welcome to the HomeBakery(Buckie) Ltd website. We hope you will enjoy browsing through our portfolio of celebration cakes and if there is anything we can help with, please do get in touch. Our specialists are happy to discuss bespoke designs to make your cake unique and personal to you.
We pride ourselves on customer service, and always do our best to ensure that your celebration cake is very special.
We will work with you, and talk you through the various shapes and sizes, flavours and colours, and beautiful designs that can be combined, to create a classic and memorable cake for you.
Bloggers Blogging family Fun jokes Funny quotes goals Happy inspiration learning Life Motivation relationships silly memes Silly pics
A Link back to the original blog page or web page, is also required for any work and content within the website.
Бугун, 2013 йил 4 май куни дўстимиз, Ўзбекистон Инсон Ҳуқуқлари Жамияти (ЎИҲЖ)нинг аъзоси, ташкилотнинг Жиззах вилояти бўлимини 1996 йилдан бошлаб бошқариб келган Бахтиёр Ҳамраев фоний дунёни тарк этди.
Auditions for The Wedding Singer will take place in December. For details on casting requirements, rehearsal dates, show dates and audition information. Please visit WS – Audition Information...
Expressions of Interest – Artistic Direction Seeking Directors or Artistic Teams: KCP would like to hear from directors or artistic teams who are interested in submitting a show suggestion for next season and their interest to lead. If you are interested, please...
KCP will present “Closer Than Ever” in May 2018, directed by Mel Hinch. If you are interested in auditioning, please read the CHARACTER INFORMATION & complete THE AUDITION FORM. CLOSER THAN EVER: This is a brilliant musical revue that explores the...
For the Hannity show on Fox News, GOP pollster Frank Luntz gathered some Republicans in Iowa together to watch Bill O'Reilly's interview with President Obama during the Superbowl Pregame Show.
During Luntz’s questioning, one person claimed that President Obama's religious convictions guide his policies. Luntz asked her to clarify and the woman said, “I believe that he (Obama) is a Muslim.” Luntz then asked the rest of the group how many believed Obama is Muslim. Nearly half raised their hands.
Many Republicans believe that Obama is a Muslim despite Obama's repeated and well publicized identification with the Christian faith. Sadly, the Iowa focus group did reflect the national Republican consensus. Last August, in a Time poll 46% of Republicans said they believe Obama is a Muslim.
46%!!! Why are Republicans so ill-informed? It’s probable that some of them know better, but they repeat the lies about Obama because they think it helps their cause. As for those who actually believe the lies they repeat, they are getting their information from the well-oiled (financially) far right propaganda machine and its associated echo chamber.
There have been emails circulating since 2007 that say, “Obama takes great care to conceal the fact that he is a Muslim“ and then go on to offer up lots of bogus “proof.” The entire case, such as it is, rests on a confused and error-ridden recitation of Obama's upbringing and purported childhood influences. It also exploits a deep fear and mistrust of the Muslim faith.
What began as a stealth email campaign to label Obama as an "outsider" and "not like us" was quickly taken up by the right-wing blogosphere and repeated endlessly on right-wing talk radio. Meanwhile Republican leaders have either actively assisted in perpetuating the lie or have been giving it a wink and a nod.
Speaker Boehner was questioned on Meet the Press about the persistent belief among nearly half of Republicans that Obama is a Muslim and he was asked whether he, as speaker of the House, had a responsibility to "stand up to that kind of ignorance," Boehner told host David Gregory: "It's not my job to tell the American people what to think."
"The American people have the right to think what they want to think," Boehner replied. "I can't – it's not my job to tell them."
Not his job? Really? Republicans expend vast amounts of money and effort to tell people what to think about various issues. Indeed, Speaker Boehner, spends many of his Sundays on talk shows like Meet the Press pushing his party's agenda and being critical of Democrats. Apparently the only misinformation that is not Boehner’s job to dispel is misinformation about Democrats that benefits Republicans.
When asked what they personally believe about Obama’s religion, Republican leaders always give the same answer, “I take him at his word.” This answer is so uniform among the Republican leadership that it cannot be a coincidence. Republicans don’t want to alienate the crazies and the birthers who make up almost half of their base by openly refuting the lies so they equivocate, and that equivocation only serves to perpetuate the lies.
Locally grown and locally sourced foods are making a real comeback, not only at co-op groceries but on chefs' menus, in public school lunches and at mainstream grocery stores.
Laurie Allmann takes us to an event called “Feast”, held in Rochester earlier this month, where a festival and trade show focused on the revival of foods with a local address and the people making it happen .
Plunge into the ice-cold Foster Arend Lake on February 10th, and you'll feel two things at once. a) You'll be really cold ii) and really warm all at once! First, you're cold because of the freezing water, obviously. But then you're warm because you just helped keep Minnesota Special Olympians Olympianing! It costs a bunch of money to keep the program going, and they could so use your help.
Townsquare Media in Faribault and Owatonna is so proud to support the Polar Plunge on January 27 in Owatonna with our 4 local radio stations and personalities. Get all the info on that here.
Townsquare Media in Rochester and Preston is so proud to support the Polar Plunge with our 9 local radio stations and personalities. If you want to be a part of it, you have to be ready to plunge (brrr) and raise at least $75. It'll be at Foster Arend Park at 1:30 on February 10th.
Friday, 106.9 KROC's Scotty Matthews will host the Cool School Challenge where students, staff, and families of schools will plunge, plus get involved directly with Special Olympics Minnesota that day. It's still the same ice-cold water, but with so many students from across SEMN joining in and challenging each other in and across schools), it's really just a big party.
The Super Plungers start Friday, too, and then plunge 24 times in 24 hours! To be a Super Plunger, you have to raise at least $3,000 and be the kind of person that can handle a LOT of cold water.
Saturday, Y-105FM's James Rabe and Jessica Williams will take over hosting. Plus, you'll probably find all of us at Whistle Binkies North before and after the plunge...because that's where you catch the shuttle. And that's THE ONLY reason we'll be there. Not because of warm-up-shots. Nope, not at all.
Branding is a very important part of establishing your identity. Your logo is how people will remember you and your business and set you apart from your competitors.
We offer expert logo services with 5 revisions for $150 which includes a vector file so you can use the artwork on t-shirts, business cards etc… We are a Bakersfield Logo Designer, we offer stunning Bakersfield Logo Design.
You can place your order by clicking the “custom logo” button below. After purchasing your logo use our contact form to the right to describe the type of logo you want. Please be as detailed as possible, we prefer attachments of a logo you like to base our design on.
Ayesha is our lead designer and is responsible for most of the logos here. To get started with your new logo fill out the form.
Acme is a full service web agency that offers expertise in SEO (search engine optimization) & mobile friendly responsive web design. We provide clients with an optimal on-line presence both on site and off. Belfast website designer, & SEO Company.
© 2007 CCP hf. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf is a registered trademark of CCP hf. All rights reserved. Werewolf: the Apocalypse is a trademark of CCP hf. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by CCP hf.
Science fiction in India has lately emerged as a respectable literary genre।Kindly spare a little of your precious time to have a look on th...
Following from Dave’s post yesterday, there are various opinions on the best ways to advance the cause of Liberty, and whether it’s worthwhile participating in the political process. It is interesting to imagine an ideal free society and what it would be like. But it is far more challenging to come up with a realistic path that could lead us there from our current state.
Many libertarians are attracted to Ron Paul’s ideas, but have concerns that getting involved in politics may be pointless, or even counterproductive. They are not interested in legitimizing the state, or making it more efficient. But what are Ron Paul’s goals? Is he trying to make the current system work better, or is he working towards more revolutionary change?
Ron Paul’s philosophy follows in the tradition of figures like Lew Rockwell, Murray Rothbard, and Ludwig von Mises. This video traces the sources of some of Ron Paul’s ideas, then goes on to make the case that he is a Rothbardian anarchist, using limited government positions and constitutionalist rhetoric as a means to promote liberty and lay the groundwork to begin dismantling the apparatus of state.
They make a compelling argument. My interpretation would be that Ron Paul has considered the anarchist position and is perhaps open to it, but sees the Constitution as the best hope (practically speaking) for an unfree nation on the brink of totalitarianism.
Videos such as this one provide great food for thought. My only concern is that they will put words in Dr. Paul’s mouth that he really didn’t say, and leave him open to political attack.
Of course Ron Paul has no “objection” to the philosophy of “voluntarism” and “self-government.” I’m sure he would love to see a world in which nobody, including the State, had to use violence. But there’s a difference between that general sentiment and supporting “anarchy” in practice.
That would be my only critique of an otherwise very insightful analysis of Dr. Paul’s political leanings.
Disclaimer: The articles and opinions expressed here are the views of the writer and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of the Libertarian Book Club.
There’s an interesting article in today’s National Post about so called “nail houses” in China. These are houses where the owners refuse to make way for developments, often holding out for more compensation. Even for government projects, individual landowners are refusing to budge, and the State seems unable to force them to leave. Does this mean that property rights are stronger in China than in the Western world, where the State routinely uses Eminent Domain to force individual landowners from their homes?
This week marks the 9th anniversary since the bottom of The Great Recession. There will be some that suggest we have already experienced two crashes since then:
The 20-month, sideways market between summer of 2015 and fall of 2016 when the market fell more than -12% and then fell again to the tune of -14% just a few months later.
In the end, you can decide for yourself. In the chart below, you can clearly see the dot-com bubble and mortgage crisis crashes without any hesitation. But the two that followed – were they crashes? Maybe they were, perhaps not as bad as the previous two? You be the judge…
I’m not here to argue about whether or not one of the above time frames was a crash or not. I simply care about the current trend. However, when it comes to defining a traditional market crash, I’ll be using the Ned Davis definition (a top-to-bottom, -20% drop in value on the S&P500) and it’s been nine years since the end of the last crash.
A portion of the first sentence in the prior paragraph deserves repeating… “I simply care about the current trend.” I decided to step away from the traditional Buy & Hold approach to investing 10 years ago because I wanted to implement a strategy that reduced our clients’ investment risk while at the same time, avoiding the need to “predict” the market (since no one can). Of course, another big reason for my change in philosophy was the real-life experience of taking our clients through two of the biggest market crashes in U.S. history!
Point being, it doesn’t matter who the president is, what tariffs are signed and when, or whether Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un are having a meeting next week. The beauty of a trend following strategy is that it evaluates the absolute, most crucial piece of investing: PRICE.
Every piece of news you see on your phone, TV, or hear on the radio is already reflected in the price of the investments you own. In fact, do you want to know how to see the news that hasn’t hit the screen yet (the insider information)? It, too, is reflected in the price of the investments you own!
You see, when there is more buying enthusiasm than selling enthusiasm, price must rise. When there is more selling pressure than buying pressure, price must fall. As soon as you understand this irrefutable tenet, then you can begin to understand the fact that, when insiders legally buy or sell investments, price goes up or down based on the “reason” they’re buying or selling.
Now, sometimes insiders sell their own company stock because they have a legitimate need (i.e. – paying for their daughter’s college, buying a new home, etc.). But there is a lot of other buying and selling that still takes place ahead of news (legally and illegally, I might add) and the only way to see this is by looking at the price, trend, and direction of the investments you’re evaluating.
Yes, we just experienced the fastest > -10% drop in S&P 500 history, but it’s still just a correction, and whenever the long-term trend is up, pullbacks and corrections should be treated as “clearance sales.” So is the long-term trend up? One of the things I look for is whether the black line (price) is trading above the 200-day moving average (blue). When this is the case, it’s strong evidence that we’re in an uptrend. And then I look for a few other things, such as…
The red line (which is a little hard to see in the chart below) is the 50-day moving average (i.e. – 50-day trend) and it’s currently above…
…the blue line, which is the 200-day moving average (trend). When the red, 50-DMA is above the blue, 200-DMA, this is strong evidence that we are in an uptrend.
The gray line is the 252-day moving average, which represents 1 full year (there are 252 trading days in a year). I like to look at the slope of this line, and currently it’s sloping up, which is even more evidence that we are in an uptrend.
So when you take all the information the market gives you, it’s pretty simple to determine that, based on the weight of the evidence, the trend here is decidedly up.
Now, what will happen to the market if a trade war ensues? What about a U.S. / North Korea meeting that doesn’t go so well? All this news is irrelevant when it comes to your retirement portfolio. It’s just noise and it’s goal is to consume and distract you so that you watch more news. Focus on price, trend, and the indicators that can be used with price and trend in order to determine the weight of the evidence. This is what matters
Passion and perseverance may be more important than sheer talent. For those looking to up their game through a deeper understanding of the game of girls lacrosse, look no further. Winner's Edge offers camps, clinics, and indoor leagues to help you leave
Indoor league games are played with 7 field players and a GK, with 2 players kept behind the restraining line, which is the half-field line. Subbing is on the fly and you will change ends at the half. Except for the beginning of each half which will start with a draw, after each goal, we do a GK clear. The 8 meter is clearly marked but short so players receiving an 8-meter penalty shot will be instructed to take two big steps backward before play resumes. There is no 12 meter fan; we estimate its placement. Anyone receiving two yellow cards during a game will be ineligible to complete the contest the infraction occurred in. Players receiving a yellow card must immediately leave the field of play and will serve a 1 min penalty from the time play resumes. Teams are allowed to substitute for a yellow card but the player substituted cannot enter the field of play until after play resumes and must not put their team offsides or in an unfairly advantageous position when re-entering. All MS games are modified checking and there will be no marking the goalie inside of the 8 meter permitted.
Players, coaches, and spectators are expected to conduct themselves in a way that honors the game. Officials have the right to card players or benches for conduct unbecoming this great sport. Officials or staff members wil ask spectators to leave the catwalk if they are infringing on the rights of the players, coaches, staff, and officials to conduct game play in a safe environment devoid disrespectful, aggressive, or inappropriate language and behavior.
Tired of all the "get rich quick" nonsense and money making idea sthat simply don't work anymore - if they ever did? My name is Marc Walton I started my first offline business aged 21 and with no money & semi retired to my island in the sun aged 40. Since then I learned how to create numerous income streams via the internet. I couldn't have achieved all this without help from a group of friends and mentors all of whom, including myself are available to you absolutely 100% FREE, no charge. Between us we have sold over $100 MILLION of goods and services from offline & online businesses!!
We are a group of very experienced entrepreneurs and business owners who formed a “mastermind group” to help one another become even more successful.
The Winners Inner Circle has been created to show you how you can copy my Mastermind group of mentors and I to become financially independent & time rich.
Learn how to become successful, following in the footsteps of those who have gone before you. Our group of mentors come very diversified backgrounds and industries but are all successful online and offline
He joined my forex mentor program in 2009 and was one of my most enthusiastic students. Always upbeat. Always generous with his time. Always wanting to know more. In 2012 he & I started to work together. He had become an accomplished trader and was particularly skilled at testing automated products (robots) most of which are either a scam or at best simply do not work.
Omar started to develop a reputation for his detailed testing, due diligence and honest reviews. He is also outstanding in terms of customer support.
All of this he did for free. As a result I offered to mentor him one to one in 2012 so that he could monetize his skills and perhaps look at other types of businesses as well. By the end of the year, largely as a result of his own efforts, he had created an online amazon “shop” for a totally unrelated product & became a paid consultant to a website where he helped test and develop a system that he now uses to trade.
In December 2012 he had his best month so far on Amazon with sales of over $20.000. So the student becomes the master & willing to pass on his experiences, tips & advice which after all is what mentoring is all about.
“I started investing in stocks my freshman year of high school. The whole idea of buying shares of companies and letting their success become my own absolutely fascinated me. I invested in a few companies that I thought had “cool” products that people could use with a little bit of saved up birthday money I had accumulated over the years (around $300).
Later, I became the proverbial “poor college student” and needed a bit of cash to help with expenses. I remembered the investments I had made as a freshman and decided to “cash in my chips”. Much to my delight, the $300 had turned into $900!! “WOW” I thought, “How cool is that??”
When I graduated, with a Bachelor in Business Management, I pursued a job as a stock broker with two different and highly respected financial institutions. I went into it with a passion for wanting to make my clients money. You know what I found out???? THESE COMPANIES ONLY CARED ABOUT THEIR OWN GAINS, NOT THE CLIENT!!!
I soon realized that the only way to make real money in the investment world is to do it yourself and I promptly left retail financial services. I guess you could say that was my big “ah-ha” moment and it’s certainly the biggest reason why many of us decide to do our own trading.
After retail, I wanted something faster-paced and led to forex. 24-hours a day market? I can work around MY schedule? Sign me up! What I didn’t realize though when I started is that I would be bombarded constantly by marketers trying to sell me the “holy grail” for trading whether it was complicated and expensive manual systems, automated programs for trading or overpriced educational programs that didn’t deliver.
This actually led me becoming a forex systems tester, where I analyzed, tested and configured automated, manual and hybrid trading systems on my own forum. My goal was to be an honest “voice” in the world of over-hyped, heavily marketed, but rarely profitable systems. I would test the systems and optimize them FIRST, before any of my members ever spent a DIME on ANYTHING. Since then I have created a number of websites & a completely unrelated business on Amazon & I hope to share my varied life & business experiences with the members of W.I.C”
Marc introduces you to a friend and mentor, Martin O’Hearne: “I have known Martin for 20 years and he is one of THE main reasons that I managed to bring forward my retirement plans by YEARS from a brilliant piece of out of the box thinking which changed all my previously held beliefs about how to use money to make money.
This was the turning point in my financial education & was the platform from which I went forwards & learned to think and act and invest like the rich, more financially educated elite.
Martin came from a poor background, his first job on leaving school was an undertakers assistant. He eventually became a manager for the company before starting a retail hosiery business. Initially he started as an out door market trader, but by the time he was 26 years old he had 10 retail outlets. By the time he reached 40 he had created a £multi million property portfolio & is a director of a number of other property & financial services companies.
Martin is very outgoing and a fun guy to be around BUT he doesn’t like to brag about money and keeps a very low profile. After a lot of arm twisting I have finally persuaded him to join us here at the winners inner circle, to share his knowledge and some fabulous new very profitable ideas and concepts that can be implemented right now.
I’m Martin O’Hearne and I have been a residential property buyer, investor and landlord for over 15 years. In addition to my role as a residential landlord, I’m also an experienced finance broker and I have successfully helped many others in the residential investment property market. In 1996 I was a founding partner in what became the UK’s largest wholesale mortgage distribution network and today I have more than 20 years experience in the residential and buy to let mortgage market.
I concentrate my buying time in Leeds and Yorkshire, in the north of England as they are areas I know well. Whilst things are still undoubtedly tough, there are also some good buying opportunities and I believe I have the credentials in this sector, along with a great insight into how the residential investment property market works, to help you buy the right type of investment.
The obvious question is why would anybody invest in property when, on the face of it, the market is still going down? It’s a fair question but there comes a point in any cycle when an investment starts to looks attractive. It’s virtually impossible to predict the bottom of the market, despite all the reports you see and read, for all we know we might have already hit the bottom as there are so many variables that affect it. Personally, I don’t think we are at the bottom yet in some areas but it doesn’t mean that bargains can’t be had today.
Why invest in residential property? Arguably, stocks and shares have performed relatively poorly over the mid to long term, we have certainly seen their volatility during the recent credit crunch and despite recent performances, the man in the street is still very reluctant to invest in things they don’t fully understand or more importantly, control.
On a personal note, I have serious questions about the ability of fund managers and the city investors when I look at the performance of my own pension and ISA’s. Maybe I would have been better off putting the lot on the roulette table! For me, property investing is the perfect formula, not least because I can touch and feel my investment, it’s tangible and I know where it is and most important of all, I control it.
Unlike shares, property is tangible – it can be touched and it can be seen, and unlike shares, most people understand residential property!
In the present climate and it’s still very early days and anything can happen, the market is showing small signs of stabilizing, interest in property is increasing and in my view there are going to be some very good buying opportunities during 2014. There are lots of home owners who are desperate to sell and this is the market which we need to tap in to.
When I first started buying property the emphasis was on capital growth, now with deposit returns at their lowest, the emphasis is on the yields. If you choose the right property at the correct price then yields of 12 to 15% are possible. I will explain in more detail within the property section.
Fotis Papatheofanous is an ex hedge fund trader and a highly qualified and experienced financial analyst and trader. He currently trades futures, the Dax index, German Bund and forex as well as constructing investment portfolios and preparing analysis, trade recommendations and portfolio management for a number of brokers and high net worth individuals. Fotis has kindly agreed to share some of his experience with members.
If you are tired of handing over your net income to financial advisers and companies who could perform badly and still charge you, or even worse go bust and you lose everything, then Fotis is the man for you. He will create a new section in the site. In this new section he will explain how hedge funds construct their portfolios and how you can do the same.
• Academic Studies: BEng (Honours) in Electronic & Computer Engineering, Master in Business Administration (MBA), Postgraduate Diploma in Finance, Postgraduate Diploma in International Securities, Investment and Banking, Certified Derivatives Consultant.
Fotis is a proprietary trader/portfolio manager located in Greece and London. He trades futures mainly on US and European stock indices, as well as currencies. Fotis has worked as a trader / investments consultant for hedge funds and High Net Worth clients. In his trading career he has traded stocks, ETFs, mutual funds, options, futures and currencies.
His trading strategy has a systematic global macro bias, a mix of statistical and mathematical analysis together with a view on current geopolitical issues. He has also published articles on the current financial crisis covering the geopolitical aspects of the economic crisis; the forces that shaped Germany and Europe after the First World War to the current geopolitical and political climate.
He has spent more than 25 years helping individuals control negative emotions and life situations through Eastern/Western behavioral modification techniques and is the author of “Maximize Your Potential with Powerful Tools… And No Stress”.
Dan Low, 65, international consultant and author did his research in the 1970s and created a series of highly operational tools combining Western/Eastern management strategies.
His seminars were initially attended by CEOs from multinationals before being extended to the general public and company personnel in 1993. Since then he has held more than 500 interactive sessions and given 150 conferences in Europe.
Dan taught the techniques of advanced management at the French University Paris Nord. He was formerly coordinator of the Management Group in an international networking association of professionals and alumni of major business schools.
He intervened at UNESCO, and ARFEC for top and senior executives, and currently trains managers at all levels, as well as engineers, heads of department and sales personnel.
His book ”The Art of Self-Combat”, initially published in France by Pearson Education was re-edited in 2007 by Lulu Enterprises Inc. under the title ”Maximize Your Potential with Powerful Tools… and No Stress”. It was published in Japan by PHP Institute.
The book has been censored in China. Low believes it is because the behavior modification tools/methodology are too revealing and empower the individual.
I’ve got the right characteristics (creativity, ingenuity, perseverance and tenacity to name but a few) to get a business really noticed.
I have a BA (with Distinction) in Communication, which I completed in Edinburgh in 1992, when I also won The Scotsman Newspaper Student of the Year Award. I also benefit from a Marketing Diploma.
On an ongoing basis, I make it my business to follow a rigid and structured programme of Continuous Professional Development to keep my copywriting methods, approach and techniques constantly up to date.
Prior to being a professional freelance copywriter, I enjoyed 17 years in top-end, high-net-worth UK corporate sales environments. Since leaving the corporate world 10 years ago to pursue my dream of a healthier work-life balance in South West France, I have developed my own successful business as a professional freelance copywriter. Although my target market is SME’s, I am proud to have been selected to write for and to provide support to a couple of seriously large organisations during this time.
No matter whether you’re starting out, re-branding or re-positioning, getting the look, feel and sound of your business spot-on is even more important in today’s crowded and competitive marketplace than ever before. Taking your new concept and making it real, effective and appealing, or taking your existing business and breathing new life into it so it is even more alluring to those discerning consumers is never easy, but it’s well worth the effort.
Many business people manage to achieve this task on their own, but more and more are realising the real value that a clued-up, professional copywriter can bring to their communication table. Making sure your website is found by the search engines; helping your sales materials sing, and really connecting with your target market are just a few of the things I can do for you.
I have created a complete course that shows you how to become a successful, work from home, freelancer and you can find it here: 100% FREE Freelancers Course
Stephen Cole is a sales focused entrepreneur with a technology, software, business and strategic sales background.
He has over 30 year’s experience in technology start-ups, acquiring and building business throughout the UK and Europe. His career started with companies based in the U.S. based in California and in the U. K. where he is now based.
Stephen has specialised in creating technology business opportunities, opening new vertical markets and turn round situations.
He was involved in the commercial, Police and Intelligence communities with McDonnell Douglas Corp specialising in software technologies for the messaging and intelligence.
He was Managing Director of U.S. start-up Verity Inc. (UK) for 6 years between 1990 and 1996. Verity’s Topic search technologies are for organisations to retrieve and manage unstructured data sets. He established application vertical markets for commerce and government in the knowledge processing and information retrieval markets. Now acquired by Autonomy PLC in 2005, he left Verity Inc after a successful NASDAQ IPO in 1995.
in 1996 during the early stages in internet development, he was founder and managing director of Street OnLine, the UK’s fastest growing e-commerce company (FT Press Cutting) which pioneered internet transactional software. Streets OnLine’s data infrastructure and software was developed and pioneered specifically for online retailing. Streets OnLine’s annual turnover was over $30 MILLION per year & was acquired by Kingfisher plc in December 2000 for $35 MILLION. Stephen then accepted a role in Kingfisher plc as Research and Development Director for MVC Entertainment.
After acquiring Intellectual Property Rights from Kingfisher plc, in 2001 he founded Future Route, with ground breaking technology for establishing behavioral rules from massive data sets and specialty vertical markets. While machine learning systems are new today, they will be common place tomorrow.
While gaining exposure to different technology markets and countries, a clear need to accelerate the digital economy grew. The importance of retaining entrepreneurial knowledge while funding technology growth in new enterprises is a crucial. As the internet morphed into mainstream business, there continues to be a need for cost effective software development skills that adds value and differentiates the new businesses which drives economic growth.
That is how establishing traditional development resources in cost effective emerging economies enables the new visionary enterprise to free up time to focus on gaining momentum in the digital economy.
In emerging economies, his 2009 Technology Park Investment model has been adopted widely as a standard for developing key technology industries in places of economic diversification. The model brings together all the components required to grow technology rich and skilled specialties in offshoring and outsourcing of software development and outsourcing non-core business process . The knowledge pool principle creates and grows vertical market expertise that attracts new business opportunities.
Stephen has clearly an awesome amount of business experience & is currently, still actively involved in tech related businesses and he will share as much knowledge and information as is possible & he is available on a one to one basis .
Here is a brief outline of my working and life experiences over the last 30 years. I was born into a poor working class family. Both parents worked full time, long hours and they and my two brothers and I lived in a tiny rented house for the first 14 years of my life. After much scrimping and saving my mum & dad finally managed to buy their first house for $5000 after 15 years of renting.
At school I was mad on football, girls and very little else! A serious shoulder injury finished any hopes of my becoming a pro footballer & I became a guitar strumming hippy and spent a couple of years drifting around Europe, busking, grape picking, ANYTHING to avoid going back to a cold and grey England.
Eventually I returned, had a year doing dead end jobs before starting work as a commission only salesman for a business equipment firm. 18 months later, aged twenty one, I started my first business, selling cash registers with neither money nor family experience to fall back on. I arranged a “sale or return” agreement with an importer – do not let people tell you that its not possible to make money unless you have some. I have done so twice.
I was on my way! The first few years were extremely difficult, I would have earned more money selling for the other company and it was a major achievement if the business was still in existence at months end. After 5 years I sold up, opened a pizzeria and by the time I hit 30 I was a $ Millionaire.
I was then almost bankrupted aged 32 over a bad business decision and a messy divorce. To stay afloat I drove a truck 10 hours a day, rising at 4.00 am, for less than minimum wage and not earning enough to pay my mortgage. I Started my next business aged 33. I still had no money but I persuaded a local businessman to finance a company if I did all the work. When I hit the big 4 0 we sold the business and I semi retired. Bought 10 houses using a great strategy from fellow mentor, Martin O’Hearne, using very little of my own money to create income. Throughout my adult lifetime I have bought over 40 houses mainly using other people’s money.
2002: Emigrated with my young family to the Canary Islands. Discovered that retirement costs considerably more than I had estimated- probably more than before! When you retire you discover that you have so much free time. If you want to maintain your standard of living, eat out a lot, travel, you need lots of money. Hopefully I have another 30 or 40 years and don’t want to live in a cave!
I then spent 3 years trying numerous internet “get rich quick” schemes before I finally learned how to successfully trade forex and make money from websites on the internet. A combination of losses and $1000-s wasted on “wonder products” cost me over 3 years to become profitable at either. I spent and lost over $30.000 on the two projects AND I had lots of free time available to me that you may not have.
In the last 10 years I have come in to contact with a lot of successful people who have helped me double & treble my income and assets & hopefully they have gained from my knowledge too. This sharing of experience & knowledge led to the birth of the idea of creating a “mastermind group” & more recently the “Winners Inner Circle.” They and I enjoy mentoring others who genuinely want to be successful and most importantly help those who will put in the required effort & then share their knowledge with others.
A further benefit is that we are also able to pass on our collective knowledge to our kids who can work, if they choose, in some capacity within the circle.
The internet is THE best money making opportunity – DONE PROPERLY- I have been involved in during my working lifetime. In my last offline business I employed 20 + people and was working 70 hours a week. With that conventional business model, the overheads were over $100.000 a month before I earned a penny. I now earn a big, six figure income, working from my home office, working far fewer hours and my fixed costs are only a few $1000 a month. In other words I am around $98,000.00 a month better off before I even get out of bed!
I have no permanent staff (I outsource skilled people from all over the world and I will show you how). This means I have no hassle from employees. If someone is not up to the job or doesn’t complete the task in time, I find someone else. I am not restricted by any labour laws. I pay no holiday nor sick pay. No social security payments. Nada. Stress free!!
Throughout the site I and my colleagues share our experiences and strategies that are still working for us. None of us are financial advisers. We simply show you how we found ways to be successful. The pitfalls to avoid & a success blueprint that works for us. You of course need to do your own due diligence and make your own decisions.
Rich holds a B.A. in Philosophy, a Masters Degree in Clinical Psychology and is a graduate of the Gestalt Institute in San Francisco along with Master’s training in Neuro Linguistic Programming (NLP). His background in psychology has been instrumental in his development of his trading training programs that supports the financial and business community.
Rich brings so much knowledge to the group, he coaches & mentors financial professionals, independent traders, business leaders and entrepreneurs who want to expand their mental game to make more consistent profits. In the last few years he has been training traders and managers from some of the biggest trading companies & hedge funds in The USA, minimum fee $5.000 a day. He & I are currently working on a project to bring those same skills, via the internet, to fit the pocket of the home based trader.
He started work as a floor trader on the Chicago mercantile Exchange in 1983. After his first week trading options & futures his trainer told him he was “THE worst trainee that they had ever seen”
Richard Friesen went on to enjoy a 30 year career trading, he created, built and finally sold Trade Management LLC, one of the most consistently profitable options and equity trading firms on the floor of the PSE. He created a way to visualize option values that enabled his floor traders to instantly execute trading opportunities.
As a member of the Pacific Exchange, he also served as Exchange Director. He has traded grains on the floor of the Chicago Board of Trade and equity futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. With in depth experience as a broker, floor trader, financial software developer and entrepreneur, he brings concrete real world experience to his clients.
He also founded and built ePIT Systems, a software company which produced internet exchange software solutions for the regulated and over-the-counter market places. At ePIT he designed and received seven significant patents on electronic trading interfaces. ePIT’s systems and patent technology were purchased by Hitachi.
Rich is also a popular speaker on topics of the psychology of money management, politics and personal transformation and is building an online training academy for traders at Mind Muscle Academy. It is currently in the “alpha” state. Beta release early next year for select traders and opening the doors in summer 2014.
Lester Bondowski has been playing the concertina since the age of 17, a total of 64 years. In Milwaukee, fans of Lester’s father simplified their last name to “Bonde.” Therefore, the stage name, Les Bonde. Lester is known for his two compositions, "Japaneese Twist" and "Ah Lovely Meadows." Lester also inaugurated his version of English lyrics to the “Strolling Girl Waltz.”
Lester was inducted into the World Congress Concertina Hall of Fame in 1984 and was named the Wisconsin Orchestra Leaders Association Bandleader of the Year for 2011.
Hey there! Thanks for dropping by jelougalang! Take a look around and grab the RSS feed to stay updated. See you around!
Proom, proom. The noisy-yet-mechanically-good-in-condition tricycle that Natania and Jenish rode didn’t really help to make their first day of school perfect, but they were still thankful that they had gotten a ride fast.
“Thank you for the ride.” said Natania as she dragged her bag, slipped her hand inside the pocket of and pulled out the tricycle payment. Jenish pulled out her trolley.
“Wow, ate. This new school looks like a lot bigger than Apple Dreams Montesorri.” said Nishi, amazed of the school’s structure.
“Oh yeah, it really does look a little bit huge than our old school. Come on, we can’t wait to see the inside, can we?” said Tania.
When they entered the green-and-yellow themed school, their eyes flickered with delight. It was a lot bigger.. and was more exquisite than their old school back when they were in a different city.
“Yeah, so it’s still okay for me to like playgrounds, right?” asked Jenish, but not particularly asking.. just annoying her cousin with a proud smile.
Before they could go near the bulletin boards where the list of sections per level are, a boy dressed in a uniform (of course) with short yet shaggy hair approached the two girls.
“Here it is,” said Enzo, pointing at Jenish’s name in a bond paper located on the board. “You are in section Amethyst, room 8-B.”
“Bye.” said Tania, unable to hide the smile on her face because of her cousin’s feelings for her best friend.
After Christian searched for his section downstairs, he went up to his classroom with his best friend, Cherry, who was his classmate.. AGAIN.
“What do you “heart?” Christian asked while checking his school bag, in case he’d forgotten something.
“Number one, our fab classroom; number 2, our ah-dorable section name; number 3, you and I, classmates again.” Cherry said, looking at Christian.
Christian didn’t say a word, yet still didn’t get it. He didn’t get what those words meant. Cherry really had feelings for the lad..
“Aaaah…” Natania yawns while waking up, stopping the noise of the clock. She checks herself in the mirror while wearing silly, kind-of-worn-out pajamas that her aunt gave her. Tania’s aunt, Nina and her uncle, James, had raised her since she was still about four and a half years old. Nina’s a sister of his dad, Cesar.
Tania’s parents split when she was only four years old. Her mom, Tina, needed to work out of the country ever since. Her dad also had to work out of the country and he did create his own, new family there. Tania’s mom, aunt and uncle supported her needs- education, clothes, food and everything. But that didn’t stop Natania from continuing her life. Even if her parents weren’t always there to guide and support her, she did everything to have a good life.
Tania immediately walked down to eat breakfast. While she was setting the table, she could smell eggs and hear the sound of rice being fried. Tania talked to her aunt who’s cooking.
“Yes, you may, Natania. I’m quite craving for coffee today.” said uncle James while reading the daily gazette.
“As always papa! Haha.” Tania said smilingly while stirring with the use of a stainless steel spoon.
“Food is ready, folks. Tania, could you call Nishi or wake her up if she’s still sleeping? You two need to be early on your first day.” requested Nina.
Natania had gone up the stairs and woke her 10-year-old cousin, Nishi up. Nishi was also smart and an achiever like her older cousin that’s why she was also able to get a scholarship grant.
“You should remember that entering a new exclusive school isn’t that hard. Don’t be pressured. And in case someone teases you because of your scholarship or our financial status, don’t fight back, okay? I know you are a very kind girl, Tania. I’m just making reminders. Just tell me if somebody teases you. Just snob them if you could. But if you can teach them a lesson by explaining, it’s somehow better.” explained and reminded by aunt Nina.
“And you, Nishi. I know that you’re just in 4th grade, and your classmates won’t be thinking about that. But my baby, if you need anything, tell your Mama, okay? Enjoy your new environment and don’t be afraid to make new friends. “ said Nina, a little bit more touching than what she said to Tania.
Natania was so heart-fluttered when she immediately thought of her parents. She wondered how happier it would be if they were the ones whom she said “I love you” to. Natania had already spoken that three words to them before, but she just wondered how it would be if they were in the same place as aunt Nina and uncle James.
After a few more preparations, Natania and Nishi were finally ready. Nina kissed the two goodbye while James high-fived.
“Oh yuh!” said Tania and Jenish (Nish’s real first name) in union while waiting for a tricycle to ride to school.
“Sir, please wake up now, you need to get ready. It’s the start of classes. Please get up now.” said Mimi the housemaid, quickly tapping Ianne’s arm to wake him up, as commanded by his mother, Trixie Dee.
“Okay, okay. I’ll wake up now. Just please give me sometime alone. I’ll go down in a bit.” insisted Ianne.
“I’m good. And by the way, why do you always call me Christian instead of Ianne? Seriously, Cherry.”
“No way, I’m glad you called today.” continued Ianne immediately. He did not want his best friend to think that she was a disturbance in his morning schedule because Cherry was somehow a sensitive girl.
“Thanks. Oh, I have to go now. I have to prepare. We have to eat. See you at Rocketeer Academy! Again. Haha.” said Cherry with a light blush on her face.
Ianne had fixed his too-messy-even-for-a-boy hair and went down, heading straight to the dining room.
When he went down, his mom was glaring at him, and so did the housemaids. A certain housemaid named Maya was beside his dining chair.
“Oh, well. It’s Cherry anyway. It’s okay. I’m sorry if I glared at you like that, Christian. I was just so excited to let you taste me and Maya’s breakfast dish collaboration. I helped her cook today so that your first day in senior year would be extra-special.” Trixie said proudly, with a wink.
“Nice, mom. I’ll go taste it.” said Ianne. He then ate the special milk-dipped and butter-cooked french toast with ham.
“Wow! Mom, Maya. This is great. And to tell you honestly, you really didn’t need to add ham. The toast alone was mouthwatering already.” said Ianne, continuously eating the remaining toasts.
“We’re here!” shouted Ron, Christian’s dad; Ella, Christian’s older sister; and Waynes, Christan’s ten-year-old sister. “Sorry, we’re late.” said Charles. He then added, “I even woke up earlier than the two. Thank God they’re not that late.”
“Bye mom!” Christian, Ella, Waynes and daddy Ron said to mommy Trixie. They had been kissed goodbye and drove off with a Toyota Adventure.
Tick tock, kring!!! The clock started to ring as it should at five o’clock in the morning, waking Charlotte Natania Domingo up. She needed to go to school early like any other “good schoolgirl”. Tania or Charlee, as she’s commonly called, is a simple girl with huge dreams. Even though she didn’t come from a rich family, from the very start, she always tried her best to achieve what she wanted in life and reach her aspirations one step at a time. One proof is that she became the First Honor when she was in 2nd year high school. Not only that, she had always been a representative for their school competitions.
Yes, Tania’s family wasn’t a money-showered one- but she was able to study in an exclusive school because of her scholarship grant since she started high school. Yet when she was an incoming 3rd year student, she had to transfer to another exclusive school because they were moving also.
Tick tock, tang!!! The digital alarm with a Chinese New Year kind of tone struck the ears of John Christian Dee. While Tania was a Filipino-Spanish, Ianne (as he was called) was a Filipino-Chinese. He came from a wealthy family and they always had high expectations for him. That’s why Ianne was always pushed to do good THE BEST. Because both of his parents are successful, people also expected him to be the same. And it is good that he remained consistent with that. He was a 3-year MVP (Most Valuable Player) in his basketball team in school, the Green Rockets when he was in grade school up to when he was in 3rd year high school. He also joined contests and won about eighty percent of them.
Though Ianne was a little bit snobbish, deep inside, he still had kindness. He was fun to be with, but he easily got mad in some things.
Ianne had gotten anything he wanted. At some times, he didn’t even need to tell his parents what he wanted- they automatically gave these to him, the money and other kinds of stuff. He was nearly spoiled rotten.
All of us had people whom we admired and looked up to. We’d dream of having them as our real friends, and imagine happy scenarios with them. But what if your so-called inspiration doesn’t appreciate you? But what IF your inspiration does appreciate you, but just too scared to show it because things might just get worse?
e of the top all inclusive family resorts in cancun and your suite at the royal cancun has all the creature 2 bedroom 1 bathroom suite
was posted in hope that we can give you an inspiration to Remodel your cancun 2 bedroom suites all inclusive
. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right cancun 2 bedroom suites all inclusive
topics rooms and suites stay at Óleo hotel cancún playa discover the beauty and treasures cancun has to fer topics bavaro princess all suites resort all inclusive vacations with its envious location on famed bavaro beach the 24 hour all inclusive bavaro princess all suites resort spa & casino is extraordinary in size with
topics the fives azul beach resort by karisma gourmet all inclusive discover the the fives azul beach resort by karisma gourmet all inclusive in beautiful cancun learn more about this and other mexico hotel packages at
) published by at . Today we are delighted to announce we have discovered an extremelyinteresting nicheto be pointed out, that is (30 Cancun 2 Bedroom Suites All Inclusive
“Shauna Sand’s penchant for booze and attention has finally paid off — TMZ has learned the former Playboy Playmate has signed on for the next season of “Celebrity Rehab.”
As we previously reported, the show has already lined up several other minor celebs including Tila Tequila and Jason Wahler.”
Oh and for Shauna’s kids…? They’re just happy they don’t have to explain to their teacher why they’re wearing G strings under their pants. It’s full on coverage while Mom’s gone!
“Reality Star and Twitter addict Tila Tequila will reveal her secret addiction to Ecstasy on Celebrity Rehab 4, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Another source close to the star of A Shot At Love With Tila Tequila told RadarOnline.com that Tila liked to do Ecstasy with then-fiancée Casey Johnson during their short-lived relationship, and they often got high together.
“The night they first went public together on the red carpet, they were both high on E (ecstasy),” the source told RadarOnline.com.”
How much more f*cked up can that make you when you’re already banging carrots at the Farmers Market?
Apparently she’s being classified as an actual “celebrity,” even though it’s the kind that go to rehab.
“Tila Tequila is finally seeking professional help — TMZ has confirmed nthrough multiple sources that the bisexual reality star has committed to do the next season of VH1’s “Celebrity Rehab” … if it doesn’t get canceled first.
It’s unclear what personal demon Tila will try to conquer with the help of Dr. Drew — but it certainly won’t be her addiction to attention.
But there’s one major catch — as we previously reported — VH1 is having problems finding other “celebrities” to rehabilitate … and if they don’t find a cast quick, the show could be killed. So far, no word on who else the show has its sights set on.”
Apparently her “demon” is Ambien, because she claims to be addicted to it. Really? I thought it was an addiction to leaving the house in Barbie’s panties. Or having sex while on her period?
Tila TeKILLya acting like a being a drunk attention seeking midget at the Maxim Hot 100 party yesterday…
RT @ajthigpen0321: RT“@UncleRUSH: You have to live your life as if you are already where you want to be.” 5 years ago
Today I saw a lady run into a drive through. She stole my sandwich. This all happened in slow mo. I want what she's on. 5 years ago
If you're pumped about @seahawks in the #NFLPlayoffs tweet at me saying #GoHawks in 3...2...1... #GoHawks 5 years ago
Today is Labor Day, and in New Jersey, kids generally go back to school soon after. Being a teacher, this means the end of summer and back to work for me. This summer has been difficult for me in the health department. Nothing life threatening, but I was diagnosed with adenomyosis. I never heard of it before I saw it written on the test report. I don’t want to spend a lot of time here talking about it, other than to say that because of it, I gained weight over the summer. Ugh.
So now that school is starting up again, I am getting back to working out. My favorite is the 21 Day Fix. I used to be a Beachbody Coach, until I realized that “coaching” really wasn’t for me. However, I LOVE the Beachbody workouts and I remain a Beachbody member. (Google it, if you don’t know what it is.) I am starting the 21 Day Fix again tomorrow, and am going back to work tomorrow. Getting healthy seems to go hand in hand with the routine of going back to work.
I also joined a DietBet. Autumn Calabrese (the 21Day Fix girl) is running a fall DietBet, so I hope it goes well. The goal is to lose 4% of your body weight, which sounds very doable. HOWEVER, for me that translates to about 7.5 pounds in 4 weeks. I have never been able to lose more than a pound a week. I am going to have to get serious. The last time I got serious about working out I actually lost about 12 pounds and was in great shape. I just need to stay motivated! (The photos here are from last time).
Posted in Healthy Living, Uncategorized	| 0 Comments | Tagged 21 Day Fix, adenomyosis, Autumn Calabrese, Back to School, Beachbody, DietBet, Labor Day, plank, teacher, weight gain, weight loss, workout rules	|
I’ve been charmed by a Youtube docu-series: Queer Ghost Hunters. It is unlike anything else in the genre of ghost hunting reality series.
Yes, it’s remarkably well-produced and edited. It’s funny, and it’s poignant, deeply moving at times.
The Stonewall Columbus Queer Ghost Hunters accomplishes these things because it’s doing everything so differently than other ghost hunter shows.
They aren’t reacting to a disturbance or a sighting. The ghost hunters don’t (so far) go to a place because they’ve been called by folks disturbed by ghost activity. They are seeking out where they believe queers would have gone in cities and rural areas. Theatres, prisons, convents.
The goal is not to get the ghost on tape, or to prove that ghosts exist. The show takes as a premise that ghosts exist. Their goal: to provide a safe space for queer ghosts to talk about what it was like living queer in different moments of history.
They’re looking for QUEER ghosts specifically. Their focus drives their narrative. They are looking to bring a safe community to a group of queers who can’t move out of their places to find other queers. ( It’s not like ghosts can pack up and go to San Francisco or Greenwich Village.) The show’s aim is to chat amiably with queer ghosts who may not have had anyone to talk to in their lives about being queer.
All of the ghost hunters fall on the Queer spectrum: genderfluid, lesbian, bisexual, gay, transgendered, pansexual, even a bear. 🙂 This is about diversity in the cast as well as diversity in the ghosts, but they are talking about LGBT issues.
This is MORE than just ghost hunting: it is an examination of the history of LGBT people and, in some ways, how people lived, hid, coped with being queer in different places. In that, it is a reflection–and a chance–for people to talk about what it is to live as queer in any time.
I would like to see Martin Luther King Jr.’s “Letter from a Birmingham Jail” (1963) added to all new Bibles.
I don’t propose this lightly. Three times in the Bible, in three different places, listeners (and they wouldn’t have been readers) are exhorted not to add to, or take away, from specific books. One is about Revelation, one is specifically to the Israelites in Deuteronomy to listen to the law, and the other is in Proverbs: “Every word of God is true….do not add to his words, lest you be proved a liar.” I think it’s safe to say that I won’t propose adding any new words of God to the Bible. I’m advocating something less radical. If we can have letters from Paul, we can have letters from Martin.
great people, history, literature, politics, religion, writingactivism, civil rights, letter from birmingham jail, martin Luther king, Pat Rousseau, spiritual, writing
I started teaching a course that looks at the character of Jesus when he shows up in S cience Fiction. Currently the course is only 6 weeks long and only taught at the UDLLI, the University of Dayton’s Lifelong Learning Centre for Senior Adults. We are using the following short stories and novels in the course, and I will be placing the blogposts of the course over on Wrestling With Gods website because it’s become a great place to talk about religion and faith as it appears in science fiction and fantasy.
What happens to Biblical Jesus when the narrative is continued into the future? Is it subverted? Are writers appropriating Christianity to rewrite it and rob the narrative of its miracle, or do they instead seek to expand the notion of Jesus to its infinite possibility? How does Jesus fare in science fiction and what can we learn about faith when science fiction writers write about him? We look first at the life of Jesus in the Gospels to ground us in the ur-text, try to gather the importance of him as a character and iconic figure in history, culture and religion. How is Jesus relevant in the future? Then we look at how authors extrapolate the future of faith, or seek to tweak history, just a bit, to get the savior they want, and perhaps we can better see what kind of culture we are in the face of our chosen Saviour.
Come follow along over on the Wrestling with Gods site. Already the class has been exciting as these students know a lot about religion, specifically Judaism and Christianity (UD is a Catholic institution) and many retired professors attend these classes for fun (they also can be quite mischievous).
“Jesus Christ in Texas” W.E.B Dubois (which isn’t exactly Science Fiction, but may prove useful in this study)
If we have time, “Farewell to the Master,” Harry Bates—Which becomes The Day the Earth Stood Still. This would be delightful to show to students in a longer class. To read the short story and then watch both films.
If you have suggestions on stories, poems, or novels to add to this list, let me know. Specifically we are NOT covering characters who merely have a “savior-esque” quality to them, or those that have a martyr motif. I want to look at places where characters are for all intents and purposes supposed to BE Jesus.
fiction, religion, science fiction and fantasy writing, teachingclass, jesus, science fiction, teaching
Excited to be able to offer this workshop to the University of Dayton’s Lifelong Learning Institute on the River Campus. 6 Weeks and registration information link is below.
How do you describe the indescribable without sounding preachy or crazy? What if you’ve had bad experiences with faith? Speak it honestly anyway. We need all voices to chart the faith journey. Open to all faiths and believers and seekers, this workshop will use readings and memoir writing exercises in both in-class and take-home assignments. Readings feature Annie Dillard, Langston Hughes, Anne Lamott, Kathleen Norris, Mark Doty, John Updike, Elie Wiesel and others. You will give fellow writers feedback in class and will become better equipped to edit your own writing by the end of the workshop.
Recommended text: A number of readings in PDF format will be available before the first seminar meeting. These will also be printed out and available as a packet.
Jerome Stueart earned his Ph.D. in creative writing from Texas Tech University and has been teaching writing workshops for more than 20 years. He is a 1996 recipient of the Milton Fellowship (now sponsored by the journal Image), designed to foster excellence in writing for Christians. His writing has been published in Geist, Geez Magazine, Joyland and many other journals, anthologies, newspapers and magazines. He is the co-editor of Tesseracts 18: Wrestling with Gods, an anthology of faith-inspired science fiction and fantasy. His first book about religion in an altered-history America, One Nation Under Gods, is forthcoming from ChiZine Publications (November 2015); his collection of short stories follows in 2016.
As a science fiction/fantasy writer, I just want to remind folks that we aren’t all alike, and we don’t live in just one bubble. My blog has always been about the experience of being a science fiction/fantasy writer and not just reflecting the genre/writing parts—but about my whole experience of being a Yukoner, of having a faith, of being gay–AND being a science fiction/fantasy writer. So this is part of it.
The Queer Story Archives came up to Whitehorse–Lulu from OnMyPlanet.ca–in July 2013, recording stories of Yukon Queers, and we recorded this right before I was to leave for Dayton, Ohio. I think it’s turning into a positive story so I’m sharing it. Ultimately I’m suggesting that including gay people can save a rapidly diminishing Church population. To do that, I tell my story. Some of you have heard it–either through the Yukon News, or through DNTO. Both sources were good but heavily edited. This is me telling it in less than ten minutes. It feels better in my own words, complete.
We grow from hard times in our lives and this was a good growth for me. Eventually, I’ve come to retain and re-establish many friendships from the first church. I hope my story still helps others. I’m placing this over on Talking Dog too.
gay, religion, science fiction and fantasy writingchristian, church, diversity, diversity in sf, faith, fantasy, gay, LGBT, science fiction, writing
From Brian Stavely comes a thoughtful post on depicting the divine in Fantasy over on Tor.com. I’ve included a short beginning here, but read the whole thing at this link to the whole article. Essentially Stavely counts off the ways one can describe a god in epic fantasy fiction–and there are five options. I was thinking through his list, and it’s good, but I think there are at least three more ways to depict a god in epic fantasy, and I humbly offer them up:
Option 6: Use other people’s understanding of the god as description. They might not all be alike, but the confluence, the overlap of them, will give a mosaic feel to your god. It will also create character development for the characters who have seen/or believe in this god, as we tend to see what we desire in our gods. A god’s description in the mouth of one character as a “god of vengeance” is a very different character than someone who calls him “a god of protection.” May be same god.
Option 7: Use tales of the deeds of a god to describe him or her. Actually what a god does says more about him than his/her description. And again, people have tales. If you can gather up the tales of a god, you can capture a character description that readers can fill in as they go. Then if and when the god shows up in your text, it may already have a pretty firm description in the mind of the reader, based on what it has done in the world. God is rarely described in the Bible, but his deeds let you know exactly what kind of God he is.
Option 8: Every culture uses Art to talk about its gods. Can you pull together images of the divine from a culture’s art? That will help form a picture in a reader’s mind through the cultural depictions of the gods, telling you a hell of a lot about the culture, as well as the god. Michaelangelo’s God touching Adam who seems curly headed and benevolent, and other depictions of God as a fiery, anger-filled rage monster.
There’s a striking moment near the end of the twenty-first canto of Dante’s Inferno, one that almost all readers tend to remember, when the demon Barbariccia “avea del cul fatto trombetta.” It’s hard to put it delicately: he turns his ass into a trumpet. Not the kind of thing you expect out of a writer recording the steps his salvation, but the image stays with you.
Likewise, readers of the Divine Comedy remember Ugolino, who, for the sin of eating his sons, is forever frozen to his neck in ice, gnawing on the brains of Archbishop Ruggieri. In fact, Dante has no trouble at all depicting sinners in the various postures of their suffering, and for seven centuries readers have kept turning the pages. Corporal violence sells. Electronic Arts even has an eponymously titled video game in which Dante looks less like a poet and more like a Muay Thai Knight Templar. The EA people are no fools—they understand that there’s a ready market for brain eating and ass trumpets.
Hopefully these suggestions help YOU when writing about Faith in your Fantasy or Science Fiction. Let me know what you think. And don’t forget, you can write about Faith in Fantasy and Science Fiction for the Tesseracts 18: Wrestling with Gods anthology, open for submissions right now over at http://www.tesseracts18.com!
Very proud to announce the new Tesseracts 18 is open for Submissions. We’ve built a website for it at Tesseracts18.com Come check out our conversations about faith and science fiction and fantasy. This anthology is open to Canadian citizens, landed immigrants of Canada, longtime residents and, of course, Canadians living abroad. Yukoners, I hope to see you write a story and submit.
Well this is an all new topic for Tesseracts! And possibly a completely new topic for an anthology: a multi-faith, creative faith anthology of science fiction and fantasy. Who would have thought?
Jacob wrestled with an angel in the night, earning him the name “Israel”, which means “struggles with god.” Buddha wrestled, and the hero of the Mahabarata wrestled too. Wrestling is a part of faith. Having a faith can help immensely with struggles in our lives, but we also must struggle against the rules, the boundaries, and the very doctrine at times. We all wrestle with our cultures and our gods, whether we believe in them or not. Faith is not passive. Human progress has relied on brave souls willing to challenge convention through their beliefs. And faith is not separate from Fantasy and Science Fiction. Fantastic elements are integral to all major faiths–they have their gods, fantastic creatures, miracles, blessings, power and magic. We continue that journey into space, possibly encountering worlds with their faiths. Since our cultures all began with fantasy and struggling with faith, Tesseracts 18 will continue the Science Fiction and Fantasy tradition of wrestling with Faith, without declaring all-out war.
The anthology will include a diverse representation of both real-world religions and faiths of fictional cultures. Instead of looking to pass historical or cultural judgement, it will feature character-driven stories including faith, doubt, miracles, spiritual journeys, and diversity of opinion within a faith. It will avoid blanket stereotypes of faith-based cultures. We’d love to see faith surprise us, and surprise science fiction and fantasy readers.
How does Faith inform a culture, change a culture? What does it mean to really believe? What kinds of religions and faiths are out there in the universe? How does faith play out already through established fantasy cultures? How can people keep believing, sometimes with very little evidence? Or is there evidence that is so personal, it is never shown to others? How does faith effect an individual, a family, a city, a society, a race, a conflict, love?
Starting soon, we’ll start posting conversations about how science fiction and fantasy has dealt with faith and religion in the past—just to be able to talk about where we’ve come from, how those representations challenge the genre or challenge readers and writers.
Mostly we just want to create a conversation about faith in fantasy and science fiction–in all its diversity! PLEASE join us. We’ll talk a blue streak with ourselves, but we’d just as soon have as many voices as possible in this conversation.
This anthology will include as diverse a representation of both real-world religions and faiths of fictional cultures as possible. Stories should not be looking to pass historical or cultural judgment, instead they should feature character-driven plots that include faith, doubt, miracles, spiritual journeys, and diversity of opinion within a faith. Please avoid blanket stereotypes of faith-based cultures. The editors want to “see faith surprise us”, as well as “surprise science fiction and fantasy readers”.
The Tesseracts Eighteen anthology will reflect as broad a spectrum of stories as possible; highlighting unique styles and manners.
The Tesseracts anthology series is only open to submissions from Canadians, landed immigrants living in Canada, longtime residents of Canada, and Canadian expatriates living abroad.
Canadian authors who write in languages other than English are welcome to submit an English translation of their work, provided it otherwise falls within the parameters of this anthology. Translation into English is the sole responsibility of the author. Please supply details of original publication for any submission that originally appeared in a language other than English.
Emails MUST contain the word “submission” in the subject line, or they will be deleted automatically by the server. Please also include the story title in the subject line.
Emails MUST contain a cover letter in the body of the email; for security reasons, email attachments with no cover letter will be deleted unread and unanswered.
Cover letter: include your name, the title of your story, your full contact information (address, phone, email), and a brief bio. If you do not live in the place where you were born, please also include your place of birth.
Reprints (stories having previously appeared in English in any format, print or electronic, including but not limited to any form of web publication) can be considered but will be a hard sell; reprints must come from a source not easily available in Canada. If your submission is a reprint, please supply full publication history of the story. If your story appeared previously, including but not limited to anywhere on the web, and you do not disclose this information to the editor upon submission, you will be disqualified from consideration.
ALWAYS include your full contact information (name/address/email/phone number) on the first page of the attached submission.
Payment for short poetry is $20.00. Payment for short stories is prorated as follows: $50 for stories up to 1,500 words, rising to a maximum of $150 for stories up to 5,000 words (longer stories are paid a slightly higher fee, but in order to exceed the word length limit of 5,000 words, the editors must judge a story to be of surpassing excellence.)
Rights: for original fiction, first World English publication, with a two-month exclusive from publication date; for all, non-exclusive anthology rights; all other rights remain with the author.
Response time: initial responses (no / rewrite request / hold for further consideration) will be prompt, usually within fifteen days. Please query if you’ve not heard back within 30 days. Final responses no later than 15 February 2014.
The Angels of Our Better Beasts from ChiZine Publications "..easily one of the best collections by a single author I have ever read." Brandon Crilly, Black Gate Magazine
“Easily one of the best collections by a single author I have ever read”:Black Gate Magazine reviews The Angels of Our Better Beasts
They are queer Lumberjacks, and that’s okay: “A Lumberjack’s Guide to Dryad Spotting” by Charles Payseur reviewed
Young Sherlock Holmes vs. Harry Potter: If Chris Columbus doesn't bring claims against JK Rowling, No One Should
Month to Month Select Month July 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 January 2016 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 July 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 February 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 June 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 September 2007
April 30, 2007 - a fuel tanker crashed in the McArthur maze. The fire melted the road above which fell down on the road below.
Jersey County, Illinois GenWeb, copyright Judy Griffin 2004. In keeping with our policy of providing free information on the Internet, data and images may be used by non-commercial entities, as long as this message remains on all copied material. These electronic pages cannot be reproduced in any format for profit or for other presentation without express permission by the contributor(s).
Thanks to Marty Crull for this database. Some of this information may duplicate the information on the Jersey County Townships Page. This information should be checked with records held by the General Land Office (GLO), Bureau of Land Management. GLO website. In a database of this size, there will be errors. Jersey County was part of Greene County until February 28, 1839; before 1821 it was part of Madison County.
The high strength steel replaceable edge guards will protect the cast aluminum deck from those aggressive obstacles that you will be cutting around.
The heavy duty cast aluminum wheels utilize 2 sealed ball bearings per wheel to make rolling the machine easy.
A large 2.5 bushel grass bag is specifically engineered to reduce the amount of dust that passes through the bag.
Performance and durability are the key attributes of the High Vacuum Cast Aluminum deck. Easily convertible from bagging to mulching both deliver professional results.
We offer durable Kubota equipment, a variety of services, and expert employees any potential equipment buyer could need. Each customer who comes through our doors has unique needs, and we're proud to be able to meet those needs. We want to help you find what you're looking for, so check out current specials, browse our inventory, schedule a service visit, or contact us.
{{globalState.globalLocale.DealerLocationAddress.City}}, {{globalState.globalLocale.DealerLocationAddress.StateCode}} {{globalState.globalLocale.DealerLocationAddress.Zip}}
There are a wide variety of reasons that readers may be considering updating their homes’ windows. These include making the switch to more energy-efficient materials and construction, improving the home’s aesthetics, addressing leaks, or simply getting rid of old, aesthetically ugly models to increase the property’s curb appeal and value. Regardless of why homeowners want to make the switch to newer windows, though, they’ll have to give some thought to what options are available and which of them will best suit their families’ needs.
As recently as two decades ago, the majority of windows were made wing single pane glass. This contributed substantially to unwanted heat transfer. Today’s double paned, glazed windows can decrease home heating and cooling bills by as much as 50% thanks to their ability to prevent thermal transfer.
Don’t stop at double panes. Look into window glazes like e-coatings and specialty gasses that fill the space between the panes. These can help to further improve the window’s efficiency.
In areas of the home that receive a lot of sunlight, UV coated windows constitute a totally worthwhile investment. These specialty coatings help to lessen the amount of UV light that can travel into the home, protecting both the skin of anyone sitting near the window and the color and quality of furniture, rugs, and other belongings being kept inside. It may seem like the amount of sunlight that gets into homes is negligible, but during the sunny months of summer it can really add up.
Depending on the window model, it may be a good idea to look into thermal reinforcements. These add further insulation tot he windows, increasing their energy efficiency, but that’s not all that they do.
Thermal reinforced windows are also better able to withstand inclement weather in climates where temperature fluctuations are a frequent occurrence. Untreated windows are prone to pressure and stress cracks, while thermally reinforced models are able to withstand more condensation and temperature fluctuations without damage.
Choosing the right windows requires a little bit of research. The best place to get started is by checking out this blog about modern windows and the technology currently in use to make them more efficient and durable in any climate.
antique white kitchen cabinets with gray walls perfect color for granite countertops ideas,the psychology of why gray kitchen cabinets are so popular home off white colors for with dark grey walls and ideas,off white kitchen cabinets gray walls and for style design ideas black,grey white washed kitchen cabinets and gray painted countertops stylish ways to work with,gray kitchen cabinets cabinetry and white design ideas grey walls painted,gray and white color in kitchen kitchens grey island ideas cream for cabinets popular,white vs gray kitchen cabinets washed painting before after and painted,gorgeous gray and white kitchens colors for kitchen cabinets countertop ideas,white and gray kitchen cabinets vs light grey walls classic l shaped remodel with cabinet island,soft white color for kitchen cabinets light grey walls with counter tops good.
Shopping for home insurance in Deerfield, OH doesn’t have to be difficult. Simply enter your Zip Code at the top of this page and you will be presented with the list of the top recommended insurance companies in your area. Compare quotes from these carriers and you will be on your way to saving on your homeowners coverage premium.
When it comes to homeowner’s insurance in Deerfield, OH, there are quite a few different factors that can affect how much you have to pay. Understanding what these factors are can give you a better idea of how Ohio insurance companies come up with the quotes that they give you.
Most Deerfield homeowner’s insurance policies also cover the value of the belongings inside the home. If you need additional coverage for expensive items that you have on the premises, you may have to pay more for your insurance. If you aren’t sure whether or not you need additional coverage for items inside your home, be sure to check the amount of coverage that is available for personal belongings with your existing homeowner’s insurance policy.
All of these factors come into play when getting Deerfield, OH homeowner’s insurance quotes. If you want to keep your costs as low as possible, consider choosing a policy with less coverage or with a higher deductible. Just make sure that you fully understand how these decisions will affect you if you ever need to file a claim. You may find it more beneficial to go for a policy that offers more coverage or a lower deductible so that you don’t have to come up with a lot of money on your own if something does eventually happen to your home.
To get the best savings on your Deerfield, Ohio coverage for your home, make sure to use our comparison tool. Enter your Zip Code below and get the list of the best Ohio insurers.
If you are emotion a bit anxious about acquiring a home owner's insurance policies policy, you aren't by itself. There are millions of other home owners out there that come to feel just like you as this is really essential coverage that is needed to protect your property and home from reduction. Make positive you are starting with suggestions like these just before you start off purchasing.
Never just feel about purchasing insurance policies for your house go forward and do it! If you do not have homeowner's insurance policies, you will be out of luck if you are robbed, organic catastrophe strikes or your home burns down. With a mortgage, you are far more than probably necessary to have homeowner's insurance.
No home loan? Reduce insurance policy prices! Even though this is not an effortless activity, most homeowner's insurance policy companies will reduce their rates once the residence is fully yours. Insurance policy organizations prefer clients who truly possess their home and will reward these kinds of folks.
Put in a security technique to aid reduce your homeowner's insurance premium by five%. Your stability system have to be watched in excess of by a central station or tied directly to your neighborhood law enforcement station, in purchase to get this price reduction. Your insurance policy agent will want to see evidence that your security program is getting monitored.
As your wants alter, reevaluate your homeowner's insurance policy policy. It really is well worth using a next look at your coverage to see if there are protection limitations on issues like jewelry and other high-value products. Do not be reluctant to buy an person rider if you want to insure products that are not coated by your coverage.
When searching for a homeowners insurance policy, verify with the agent who insures your vehicles. A great deal of agents will give you a price reduction if you have far more than one particular plan with them. It is feasible to get a discount of ten% or much more by insuring more than a single thing with the very same agent.
Smoke alarms can aid you help save on your home owners insurance coverage premiums. With put in smoke alarms, you can preserve close to 10% or a lot more on your annual property owners insurance premiums. It is achievable that if you incorporate far more smoke detectors, your insurance policy agent will more price cut your policy. Never overlook to explain to your agent about your smoke alarms.
Homeowner's insurance policies is a required investment, even however it is high-priced. Hold in thoughts that there are several approaches that can perform to reduce your insurance policies invoice. In fact raising your deductible can support lower your premium. If you set in fireplace or burglar alarms, that can also aid to reduce what you want to pay out. Speak with the insurance policies organization to uncover out which enhancements you can make to preserve funds.
It is less costly to get and preserve homeowner's insurance policies if you do not have injuries susceptible products. Insurance policy organizations see swimming pools, trampolines, and other similar objects to be a increased danger for injury and will therefore elevate the volume of your top quality. Though possessing a pool may possibly be entertaining, getting rid of it will help save you cash!
When you buy a new residence, you are producing a massive investment that should be protected. The most logical protection you can give for your new property is a powerful insurance coverage policy that will take treatment of it, but you want to make certain you might be being sufficiently coated. Use the suggestions shared listed here and you can get the coverage which is right for you.
What an exciting business opportunity, a premier bar and banquet facility with 3 bars, 2 full kitchens, 2 banquet halls and seating for up to 600 guests on 2 levels. The entire facility is in beautiful condition with amazing updates, a bonus all the bar and kitchen equipment will be in included in the purchase. You can start your hospitality business for weddings, special events, live bands with minimum additional investment. This property also includes a beautiful large updated 3 bedroom living quarters.
What do you do when none of the people and parties who are running your country are capable of actually working together for the betterment of the people in your country? What do you do when you believe that those same politicians are actually harming your country? When you believe that the politicians are at best incompetent, more likely corrupt in every way?
What do you do when you believe that those politicians are completely ruled by greedy corporations? When their actions over the last 50 years or so have worked in concert with big business and the 1%, to tilt the playing field so that today it’s impossible for the average person to even stand up let alone compete.
Apathy seems to be our national pasttime – not hockey! It’s only a day dream but why couldn’t the 99% get their own party? What is stopping the great majority of Canadians from getting the government they want? I know I’ve had more than enough of this insanity.
Our Canada needs to redefine what Canadian priorities should be. What Canadians want this great country to be in the 21rst century. What they (that's you) want to leave your children and grandchildren.
I think we need a Canadian “Spring”. What happened in the Arab world was the awakening of those people to the inequality their leaders were imposing on them. No, the degree of outright tyranny is today not comparable to that being wielded in our country. But it is only the degree of tyranny that differs. Anybody remember Vancouver? How about Toronto and the G20? Did Vic Toews call you a child molester?
Canadians do not need to riot in the streets to achieve the effect they want. We need to get involved in our own governance. We need to excite the 40% of us who don’t vote anymore. Government needs to reflect Canadian interests more than corporate interests.
In order to achieve this (What I think will be a better Canada) we need a paradym shift in the direction our governments are taking. A change in how we view the relationship between rulers and the ruled. The government of Canada needs to govern the country not rule our lives. Our government should be protecting citizens before corporations. No one in Canada should go without food or shelter.
I believe that we can change all of the above and make Canada the best place in the world once again. I believe that a new political will is moving through the world and Canada.
The problem I see is that none of the political parties here are willing to divest themselves of their masters. We need a new political will to do what is right for the country not just some of the people living in it. We need a government who will do what is right for Canadians not just themselves. We need a new political party that will look out for Canadians before themselves.
This is the races down in Ogdon this was the first weekend down there is was pretty good weather there.
Receiving help is not hard! Select when you want to obtain the solution, publish any comments you have and add any documents that are very important.
Don't just did we fail to uncover any optimistic interactions, [but] the overall correlations in between countrywide common student accomplishment and national averages inside the frequency, total quantity, and proportion of lecturers who used homework in grading are all negative!
A vintage and preferred tool utilized to relate mental and neural exercise will be the electroencephalogram (EEG), a method applying amplified electrodes on a person's scalp to evaluate voltage improvements in several elements of the brain. Hans Berger, the 1st researcher to utilize EEG on an unopened skull, quickly located that brains exhibit signature "Mind waves": electrical oscillations which correspond to distinctive states of consciousness.
You might reap the benefits of the degree in as number of as fourteen months with the true-entire world knowledge of Franklin’s extremely certified instructors to help guide you.
That Appears plausible, but certainly it’s merely a principle. One examine discovered that small children who have been owning tutorial difficulties in fact didn’t get much more homework from their academics,[17] even though it’s possible they invested longer hrs focusing on the homework which they did get. But even if we agreed that undertaking more homework probably isn’t to blame for reducing college students’ achievement, the fact that there’s an inverse romantic relationship appears to counsel that, on the incredibly minimum, homework isn’t accomplishing Substantially to help Children who are battling.
Wolfgang Kohler, Max Wertheimer and Kurt Koffka co-Established The varsity of Gestalt psychology (never to be baffled With all the Gestalt therapy of Fritz Perls). This solution is predicated upon the idea that folks expertise matters as unified wholes. In lieu of breaking down views and habits into smaller sized elements, as in structuralism, the Gestaltists managed that full of working experience is important, and differs through the sum of its elements.
Neuropsychological exams, such as the Wechsler scales and Wisconsin Card Sorting Exam, are mainly questionnaires or easy jobs utilized which assess a selected style of mental operate within the respondent.
Be sure to allow us to know the date by which you would like help out of your tutor or maybe the day and time you wish to obtain an online tutoring session.
The choices made by their scientific advisers about the character of the research for being supported And the way it had been conducted, and also the topics suitable for analysis assistance, shaped The entire industry of intercourse exploration and, in numerous ways, still continue on to aid it."
In APA papers the two tables and figures should be introduced on independent pages, with the caption at The read here underside of your web page.
The Stroop result refers to The reality that naming the color of the initial set of words is less complicated and more rapidly than the next.
On account of the importance of his function, Tolman is looked upon as the founder of a college of thought about Studying that may be today called cognitive-behaviorism".
No wonder “lots of Japanese elementary schools in the late nineteen nineties issued ‘no homework’ insurance policies.”[39] That development may strike us as shocking – significantly in gentle of how Japan’s educational technique has long been held out being a product, notably by writers trying to justify their assistance for homework.[40] But it’s a progress that appears to be solely rational in light of just what the proof demonstrates appropriate listed here in The us.
Coming up with an essay goes outside of research and movement considered. Regardless of the sufficient total of considerable investigate products and smart Suggestions, the essay may well wind up flawed if the scholar doesn't have successful composing techniques. For a newbie writer, this will likely appear being an intimidating task since translating your ideas on paper might be tough.
Living Hope, the latest album from worship leader Phil Wickham, is out now. The 13-track release includes Wickham's hit single and the album's title track.
It might be too obvious for me to say, but I'm going to say it. This is Phil Wickham close to his best. This is Phil Wickham writing in the way we expect from Phil Wickham. This is what Phil Wickham does best. If you like what worship leaders like Phil, Tim Hughes and Matt Redman do then you will love this too.
Read More Living Hope, the latest album from worship leader Phil Wickham, is out now. The 13-track release includes Wickham's hit single and the album's title track.
For me, by far the standout track has to be 'Living Hope'. This is a wonderful song to use in your worship time. The song has a small hint of taking inspiration in the hymns, yet still has a very modern feel.
'Breathe Away' pushes Phil out of his creative musical box a little, which is great to see. But it’s the song 'Till I Find You' where we see Phil take a massive jump forward into the more modern pop world. Mr Wickham's vocals work so well on sounds and tracks like this. I honestly fell in love with the song 'Boundless', it's simple and breath-taking from start to finish.
As the album continues, you see Phil Wickham creatively pushing out a bit more. This is still very much a Phil Wickham sounding album but you can see he isn’t scared to try a few new things. He tries to write songs that explore the characters of God in an interesting and creative way. This really is a solid and compact album.
In a unique collaboration with Spotify and recorded at Nashville's Sound Stage Studios, resonating singer-songwriter Phil Wickham has unveiled two special new songs - a remarkable rendition of the Louie Armstrong classic, "What A…
Living Hope, the newest from worship leader Phil Wickham is available today. The 13-track release includes Wickham's hit single and the album's title track, which has already garnered support from over 40 stations, including…
Phil Wickham will deliver his first, full-length, new album in two years on Aug. 3, aptly titled Living Hope (Fair Trade Services). The new collection of music was heralded by the church resounding "Living Hope," vastly streamed…
If lending revenue on the net Seems scary, you may be assured it isn’t. This is mainly due to superiority of the corporate’s collection procedure.
Because most cryptocurrency mining organizations are frauds, each and every time I run into a cloud mining firm I basically presume It's a Ponzi scheme right up until established or else. As envisioned, Hashocean has a lot of scams crimson flags, confirming my suspicion that it is a Ponzi scheme.
This webpage could be away from date. Help save your draft right before refreshing this web page.Post any pending variations before refreshing this website page.
Moreover, numbers quoted by Hashocean regarding electricity it place in and also the bitcoins produced just do not add up.
Therefore if HashOcean decides to defraud traders’ bitcoins tomorrow, who're we going to report to the authorities? We don’t know the identify of the company, we don’t know the company Place of work or data centres locale, we don’t even know who owns the corporate.
But while you in close proximity to retirement, or if you’re conserving for the high faculty senior’s college or university fund, your appetite for threat drops precipitously. You simply are unable to find the money for to check out a big drop in the market ideal right before you need to begin withdraws.
This website may also reference affiliate systems which ship paid commissions from referrals built in the backlinks.
If you send a request on Quora for answers, why does the listing appear up but will only help you click one even though you've got not used your l...
NewsBTC is usually a information provider that addresses bitcoin information, specialized Evaluation & forecasts for bitcoin together with other altcoins. Right here at NewsBTC, we are dedicated to enlightening people all world wide about bitcoin and various cryptocurrencies.
I had been first amazed via the video detailing the product on its homepage. found that properly-performed and straightforward to be familiar with for an previous coot like me.
The corporation that’s supplying the services of cloud mining will take on configuring the hardware, sustaining uptime and deciding on the most effective and reliable swimming pools.
Series EE bonds just have a set charge of interest that is certainly added towards the bond automatically at the conclusion of on a monthly basis (so you don’t have to bother with reinvesting for compounding purposes).
It doesn't matter how hard you glance, you received’t obtain an investment much more boring than a Certificate of Deposit. When you’re in the market for just one of those lower-possibility investment cars, you can obtain just one by way of your financial institution, credit union, or even by means of your investment broker.
As for Allaire, He's mindful that Circle operates in the non-controlled Place and vowed to proactively operate With all the Hong Kong authorities on click emerging licensing or regulatory frameworks.
Hltm.Internet has no SSL certificate. Internet searching is often safer with HTTPS connection, so we advise that it ought to be acquired for This website.
12 super sneaky uses for everyday things power devices with your plants modify high tech toys turn a penny into DOC
24 violin varnish a plausible re creation of the varnish used by the italian violin makers between the years 1550 and 1750 ad DOC
59 by lisa gitelman scripts grooves and writing machines representing technology in the edison era 1st first edition paperback DOC
65 optimizing the power of action learning real time strategies for developing leaders building teams and transforming organizations DOC
Origin and Development of Science Fiction in Hindi Language (Not for final use as it may need certain editing and correction of data ...
The First Detective Pikachu Movie Trailer Is As Creepy As it is Fun - Wildly unbelievable though it may be, the *Detective Pikachu *movie is definitely a real thing that is coming to theaters. “What proof do you have?” you ...
Compliments Matter (or, Tell Someone You Value Their Work) - In the past two months, I’ve twice met the same former student in my gym. Each time, we have a Read more »
Back for a Second go at it - When last I posted a blog on this site obama was at the beginning of his reign. Now his years are fading into the dust bin of history and we are about to ...
Flight Behavior - *In a world that’s quickly heating up and drying up, you can’t go home again—even if you never leave*—Clive Thompson Barbara Kingsolver’s 2012 novel *Fligh...
Great News for my Friend and Student, Vikram Singh, Top Graduating Man from the University of Wyoming - Here’s the article/press release from the University. Here’s the key bit relating to Vikram’s research with me: He received an EPSCoR (Experimental Program...
Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak - Super-excited to be lead writer on today’s release of HOMEWORLD: DESERTS OF KHARAK — the first new Homeworld IP in more than ten years. Huge congratulation...
Moving Day - After four-plus years of blogging independently (and as part of a group blog), I've been thinking for a while that it was time to join a blog network. Whil...
Robert Moore Williams' "The Sound of Bugles" (short story) - Adventure involving a well intentioned human researcher & a greedy human villain - both trying to figure out how Martians are able to literally create mate...
Struggling first-time buyers have needed almost $6,000 more in the fall of 2017 than they did a year ago, as the median down payment reached a record high. ATTOM Data Solutions says that in the third quarter of 2017, the median down payment was $20,000, up from $18,161 in the second quarter of 2017 and up from $14,400 in Q3 2016.
See Toy Story 4 in theatres Summer 2019!Woody has always been confident about his place in the world and that his priority is taking care of his ...
"you wonder whythings always turn out bad for youbut you never take any action punpunyou let the world decide for youlook at yaguichihe is pla...
What are some exercises for bingo wings? I get asked this over and over and I have answers too this! Bingo wings ruin the fabulously woman's shape and may look unsightly and destroy self confidence. So what would be the exercises that arm fat will be trained by that into entry?! There are several techniques and exercises that should be employed to
According to the climate you reside in, you've got several months out with the yr where to completely delight in your yard. You could have a patio along with a strip of eco-friendly if you live in an urban environment, or you'll have a considerable lawn with a good amount of eco-friendly Place that permits you, All your family members and your mates to distribute out. Patio furniture is an efficient location to start when outfitting your outdoor Place.
They get the job done by altering chemicals while in the Mind together with dopamine and serotonin, which result in temper swings.
Thanks to their outsider position and migratory mother nature, handful of attended university and literacy wasn't common. Substantially of what is recognized regarding the culture comes as a result of tales explained to by singers and oral histories.
Had a last second reserving for just a tan! And find it irresistible thanks again to your assist and friendly chat extremely encouraged!! Thanks!!!!
He is living the purpose—as I wrote at the time earlier within the Write-up—of a true College professor. As such, He's denoted an educational pariah by These he discomforts.
exhibit a lot more What will I want After i Look at-in? Once you Examine-in, you could be requested to supply photographic identification. In case you are not able to deliver this kind of identification, your reservation may very well be cancelled and you may be liable to pay us an amount equivalent to the full reservation sum in addition some other fees incurred by us in reference to your reservation.
Present-day headlines Most Read through Female, 22, is diagnosed with scarce childhood Alzheimer's that usually strikes at delivery and has a everyday living... Do you know how filthy YOUR arms are? We go ahead and take Glo Germ take a look at to point out what works (and what does not) to... Flu unfold is worse than ever before: fifty three kids have imp source died and hospitalization fee remains climbing Inspite of... Flu death toll hits 231 in the UK: Killer outbreak is 'stabilising' over the UK as NHS tells Medical practitioners to... 'The entire team has it': Eagles battling flu outbreak as A number of starters get unwell days before going through Tom... The rare brain infection a result of the FLU: Autistic Texas boy, eight, shed his speech and mobility just after... Female, 15, dies with the flu times immediately after screening NEGATIVE for your fatal virus Flourishing highschool football star, sixteen, commits suicide right after getting Tamiflu - and his household blames the... 'By using a battered human body can arrive a battered intellect': Spouse of retired NFL player Rob Kelly tells how brain hurt... Sponsored Inquire the pharmacist: What should click to read more I seek you could look here out inside of a strolling stick for my elderly mom?
Ways to beat diabetes in 12 weeks: Top rated professors share a deliciously simple eating plan strategy to assist you to trim down and say goodbye to medication eternally Just about every man or woman with form two diabetic issues longs for something: a remedy.
"What I'm able to inform you is Warminster Township has far too much open up land to manage & the place appears like a mess.
Slack dad forced to pay $350,000 in overdue boy or girl help payments around the location just after he was stopped at an airport wanting to depart Australia His attempt to keep away from many years of payments to his children backfired when border agents recognized he was with a departure prohibition purchase and was not permitted to depart Australia until finally he coughed up. directory seventy six feedback
Great position amazing tan just must get my auto sorted!!! So I'm able to come use my minutes I have so I can have a lush tan damn motor try here vehicle has died and long gone to heaven need new one particular.. Will arrive and use minutes so...on as have transport.. Have to have so e colour on my skin :) xxxxx See Far more
It stated the products should only be Employed in Excellent instances for quite intense people and after that just for a most of six weeks. Specialists say many dementia sufferers are indignant or upset mainly because they are in pain or irritation but unable to speak.
I really just discovered a couple of much more from Whiterun (Jorrvaskr, The Castle, Corridor of Lifeless) and Sovngarde (I feel). I’m not 100% confident if all of them work due to the fact I haven’t examined them out, Nevertheless they’re the identical classification as the opposite rugs which i posted so they should do the job.
Let us start out our dialogue in the typeclasses surrounding numeric forms with the assessment of the kinds themselves.
Wisecor's well designed and highly secured infra helps in long-lasting the business in a well efficient and secured manner. Wisecor holds two separate locations for storing data, helps to ensure the recovery and continuity of businesses even after the occurrence of unforeseeable disasters. There is also a provision for remote data storage facility for keeping a backup of the same data. We own the largest & highly secured Data center in Asia which is equipped with world class technologies that are used to protect data and backup systems.
Use of portable storage devices is forbidden and only authorized people are allowed in the process floor.
24/7 CCTV monitoring stations ensure safety from trespassers and a unique coded firewall is used to monitor and regulate the data flow in the systems.
"I have never seen a more dedicated group of people than the Wisecor team. They know the service. They understand what business is all about, and they provided all the support that we needed to meet our timeline"
"Wisecor Services is an efficient and excellent source of HR / Finance/ Accounts company. Very responsive team. as well as the Best quality work."
Wisecor is India's leading Outsourcing service & solution providers in the areas of Human Resources, Finance and Accounts with compliance expertise, Information Technology and Business Process Outsourcing. Wisecor has started its journey over a decade, we follow an ISO certified process which improves quality, reduces cost and cycle time of business processes and endeavours to be a business partner with its capabilities, best practices and tools to suit its client exclusive requirements, thereby setting a benchmark in the industry for providing expert solutions in Payroll Processing, HR Operations and many more value added offerings.
Mr. Mukul Devpura, Director of Wisecor Services Pvt Ltd, had represented the company at the HPAIR Conference held in Hong Kong in August-2016.
The Harvard Project for Asian and International Relations (HPAIR) is an organization of the Harvard University Faculty of Arts and Sciences. HPAIR organizes Harvard University’s largest annual conferences in the Asia-Pacific region.
Since 1991, HPAIR has continuously gathered a growing pool of international students from top universities, renowned academics, business professionals, and political leaders to engage in our rigorous educational events.
The theme for this year’s conference was to “Empower”. Incidentally, this happens to be the 25th year of HPAIR. Objective of this year’s conference was to empower delegates to make a difference in the communities around them and the world as a whole to create a movement of change.
Only 500 delegates from the world were selected to represent at the conference including start ups, educationists, entrepreneurs, businessmen, students etc.
Wisecor has been serving Chinese Clients from the past several years and are now renowned consultant group for companies entering in India from China & Hong Kong. This representation at the Harvard Conference in Hong Kong has been another feather in the cap for Wisecor and a step forward to become the sole “One Roof Consultant” in India for Accounts, Compliance and HR Services not just for Chinese Companies but for all MNCs entering India.
Mr. Pawan Jain is well known in the sphere of Human Relations as a successful HR Professional. Has 37 years experience as senior position in human resource with Multi-National organizations in various capacities. He was associated with Aditya Birla Group since 1991 and has worked in metal and cement business and has been a part & parcel of formulating HR strategy & policies e.g. human resource planning, talent acquisition and development, developing HR professionals as good human relation manager. He was a coach by renowned consultant PWP & has developed several sr. executive for larger role within the group. He also visited the group organizational operating Indonesia and Bangkok to carry out organization health survey. He was known in the State of Karnataka for conducting management development program for IAS / State Civil Officers / State Police / Educationists on Human Resource Management / Leadership / Performance Management System / Communication / Team Building and Human Relations. He was associated from 2011 to 2015 with Shree Renuka Sugars Limited (the largest manufacturer of sugar in India) as Head Group HR, during his association he formulated & implemented the entire HR strategy which not only help the group in helping individual productivity but also rationalized the manpower of entire group. Since April 2015, Mr. Pawan Jain is associated with Wisecor and the entire team of HR professionals will work under his guidance.
with a free plan and two other premium additions, this European ghost has been trying to offer a VPN plan that lives up to the expectations of the average users, as much cyberghost premium for mac as the advanced professionals.last but cyberghost premium for mac not least, cyberGhost VPN does not keep any logs of personal information. Bitcoins are accepted and this adds to the anonymity of the VPN user. As we will see at the payments section,
billed annually. 7.99 every month or 6.66 monthly every year sounds really affordable. The summer sales offer an even lower price for the cyberghost premium for mac premium plan at 2.08 per month, if you want to get the premium plus plan, currently, fortunately,cyberghost VPN cyberghost premium for mac Interface for Mac. You download the VPN software according to your OS and device and you launc h the VPN with the click of a simple button. In fact, cyberGhost VPN boasts a really easy set-up process.
cyberghost are vpn legal in singapore VPN Online Security for Mac. Something that can cyberghost premium for mac become irritating is the presence of ads at the free version. Apparently, however, moving forward with our CyberGhost VPN review, the free version has got limited features and this makes total sense.
From the knowledgebase, they quot;: Support Schedule: Monday to Friday 08:00 AM to 05:00 PM. (MET). Our current response time is 48h but we usually manage to get a faster response. esclated tickets might require more time. Otherwise, you can read through their blog. Then.
Cyberghost VPN Website. The website looks modern and neat. There is nothing confusing, other than the knowledgebase that does not have a clear outline. Whether you are interested in the free plan or a premium upgrade, you can get what you want from their website.
among the major features offered by CyberGhost VPN, unlimited bandwidth and traffic are embraced by the users. AES 256-bit cyberghost premium for mac encryption is provided and there is an anti-fingerprinting system that can be proven truly handy. Cyberghost VPN Features.all the OS cyberghost premium for mac and this includes Mac OS X have got quite fast performance that can improve even further. Overall, cyberghost VPN Review Conclusion Now that we have finished CyberGhost VPN review,
go to m CyberGhost VPN for Mac Review 15 Total Ratings with possible Rating Points. Support alternatives could be better and the connection problems can be annoying. Full compatibility and the use cyberghost premium for mac of advanced OpenVPN encryption to mikrotik vpn tunnel dynamic ip all OS (Mac OS X,) too) are indisputably on the bright side. On the downside, there is a 30-day full money refund guarantee, which is quite positive.
Mobile devices (Androids and iOS running devices) are also supported. Payment Options Besides the use of Bitcoins (which has been commented on above there is also a plethora of payment options available to the customers. Credit and debit cards (VISA and MasterCard, American Express and.
uninstall the Good Proxy service. A backup of a broken environment might only restore to a broken state. Remove Good Proxy Server : Backup the GC database as per the guide. Backup the entire cyberghost premium for mac c:good folder as per the guide.understanding the Trade-offs for Your cyberghost premium for mac Next Generation WAN. Comparing SD-WAN with MPLS, guaranteed bandwidth, security, internet WAN and Cloud. SLA Levels,
always use the function provided in the Control Panel; do not try to remove the client by deleting folders, use the software management feature in the Windows Control Panel. Under cyberghost premium for mac Windows 7 it will be call Programs and Features; in XP it will be called Add/Remove Programs. Don&apos;t interrupt the process. The installer will finish the process and the connection will proceed as normal. Deleting the AnyConnect Client If for some reason you need to remove the AnyConnect client from your computer, using third party uninstallers,Download Hotspot Shield APK - Hotspot Shield is an application that routes the traffic on a mobile device through a VPN proxy so that the user.
protect personal privacy and anonymous cyberghost premium for mac surfing, flyVPN is one of the best VPN service providers and offers 300 VPN servers in 40 countries and region to unblock websites,for Windows users, follow the full article to know about it. Malware, we are here with a method to remove all viruses from the computer using Rescue USB Disk. Key-loggers Trojans cyberghost premium for mac etc, today there are heaps of viruses,
3 (60)) 2 (40)) 0 Comments. Hotspot Shield VPN is the ultimate Internet security cyberghost premium for mac solution that secures your browsing session,.latency and throughput cyberghost premium for mac between your primary and secondary location are key factors. If you want to implement disaster recovery, these determine how quickly and how much data you can transport to the secondary location,
click Install (3)) Wait until the installer finishes. Once the installation is complete, if you want to move it to a how to get unlimited data through vpn different computer or limit the traces you leave cyberghost premium for mac behind, save it to a USB disk. This may take a few minutes to complete.
Last night was a most magical and memorable evening! I got to take Kaitlyn, my sister, and my niece, H, to Disney On Ice to watch the new Follow Your Heart show! It was a first for H and my sister, and the looks on their faces were worth the drive in L.A. rush hour(s) traffic! Kaitlyn and I went to our first Disney On Ice show last year, and it is likely a new favorite tradition! The show was also completely different, so we were mesmerized by all the different acts.
The beginning of the show focused on the character, Riley, from Inside Out. The girls were SO excited to see the emotion characters, especially fan favorite, JOY.
2017 was the year of Beauty and the Beast in my humble opinion. Oh what fun to see “Be Our Guest” enacted right in front of us, especially as Kaitlyn has been very fond of Lumiere recently.
It was incredible to see how Disney On Ice was able to bring us under the sea with Finding Dory, and to see our favorite sea life characters come to life! I especially loved the voice of Baby Dory and the realistic “kelp forest” scenery.
There was a portion for almost each princess, and a program featuring Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. The MOST incredible parts of the night included aerial feats performed by Princess Ariel, Princess Rapunzel, and Flynn Ryder. I was definitely in awe! Pure Disney Magic! (You can see a couple of video clips on my Instagram!)
Of course the girls were ecstatic to see Arendelle brought to life with the mid-show scene from Princess Anna, as well as the duets with Queen Elsa. The finale was electrifying!
The girls were up way past bedtime, but the experience was so memorable and special. They kept thanking us for bringing them and saying it was “the best day ever!” Talk about thawing a frozen heart!
Parking at L.A. Live/Staples Center parking was $30. Cash or CC. I found the extra $ worth it for not having to walk too far with the little girls at night.
Strollers need to be parked at stroller parking areas designated inside the arena areas (walkways with food counters and restrooms).
No foods or drinks are permitted. You can however bring your own beverage containers and there are water fountains located outside of restrooms.
The areas gets pretty chilly with keeping the ice cool. We made our girls wear a couple of layers, as well as coats.
There will be plenty of vendors selling food, drinks, snacks, and merchandise. There will also be photo booth stations, for a charge ($25 on the night we went).
Many of the little girls in attendance came dressed in princess or Disney garb. Our girls love dressing up, so it was a no-brainer for the special night!
The holiday season has become synonymous with Disney On Ice for us now. It’s a tradition we will look forward to for years. How about you? Have you, or will you be attending a show this season?
Shows run in the Greater Los Angeles Area from December 14 through January 8, 2018 in Los Angeles (STAPLES Center), Anaheim (Honda Center), Long Beach (Long Beach Arena) and Ontario (Citizens Business Bank Arena).Tickets and show date information can be found on Disneyonice.com! Don’t forget to use code MOM20 for 20% off on select dates!
Filed Under: Baby/Kids, Disney, So Cal Kids Activities, Southern California kids activites, things to do with kids, Uncategorized Tagged: Anna, beauty and the beast, belle, california, disney, disney on ice, Elsa, evil queen, family night, family outings, family show, finding dory, frozen, holiday traditions, holidays, ice skating, icecapades, inside out, Olaf, Pixar, seven dwarf, Snow White, things to do with kids
Each year, until this current one, I’ve done a photo session for Kaitlyn’s birthday. We managed to finally get in right at her “Half Birthday” and I’m thrilled with the results. FOUR is such a transitional year! Once Kaitlyn turned 4, she proclaimed she was a big girl, quit sucking her thumb on her own (hallelujah!), and started having just much more mature thoughts and conversations. Still… she’s little. Little enough to believe in magic and fairy godmothers. Little enough that she delights in wearing princess gowns. Little enough to sing at the top of her lungs and skips to the beat of her own drum without any hesitation. I love this age. I want to soak in every minute of it and remember it all so vividly.
The holiday season tradition of Disney on Ice is upon us again in the Greater Los Angeles area! Last year was the first time we went to a Disney on Ice production, and my what a favorite memory it is! This season brings new adventures with Disney Pixar characters from Finding Dory and Inside Out.
Of course, no winter-season fun would be complete without everyone’s favorite sister duo, Elsa and Anna, and their magical snowman friend, Olaf! Princesses Cinderella, Rapunzel, and Tiana make their dreams come true through their virtues of bravery, kindness and perseverance. And the Toy Story gang with Buzz Lightyear and Woody help celebrate the meaning of true friendship! Every Disney fan will be sure to be pleased!
Disney On Ice: Follow Your Dreams – Coming to the Southland December 14, 2017 through January 7, 2018
Discount Opening Night tickets available for as low as $15 each on select seating (not valid for premium VIP/Front Row seating) Tickets available for purchase online at Ticketmaster.com, charge by phone at 800-745-3000 or in-person at the venue Box Office. *prices subject to change; additional venue/ticketing fees may apply
TWO – oh yes, we are firmly in the second year now! Kingston turned 2 last month and I wanted to document it with a photoshoot at our home away from home, mainly focusing on his current OBSESSION: the CARS franchise. We’ve been spending A LOT of time in CARSLAND, so it was a no-brainer!
TWO is moody, is fun, is completely unpredictable. Two also means you want to wear what you want to wear, no matter what mom may have planned. Heat contributed to some not-so-happy faces, but I found it captures the true spirit of Kingston at 2. We also managed to document a prominent bump on the head from all the running and falling you do. hehehe #reallife
Hey buddy, I hope you know how much your mama loves you and how much effort it took to get these pics!
You are sweet one instant, and then a little devilish smirk the next. Oh how that face just gets me!
The pair of ears that have gone viral and has every “basic girl” clamoring to get their hands on for a Disney trip! In the span of one morning, I must have had at least half a dozen shares in my FB feed regarding these lovely beauties! I’ve already been bitten by the rose-gold love, LOVE bracelet and Maya Brenner necklace that never come off, are both in RG and I fall more and more in love. Hint* Hint* to the hubby: I’m pretty sure I need this RG diamond stacking ring next! > <
Although the elusive ears seem to be sold out company-wide until estimated October, because of some awesome sleuthing and fast feet, my mama bestie managed to score us twinning sets! Love her for it! If you’re still on the hunt for a pair, I have a feeling they’ll come out sooner than CMs are guessing, perhaps Mid-September? They always seem to try and overestimate wait times, as happened with the Rose Tumblers! And since they are so popular, I wouldn’t be surprised if it becomes a main stock item for a decent length of time.
I was also on the hunt for the new exclusive Starbucks mug, featuring the carousel! It is only available (so far) at the Starbucks on Main Street, inside of Disneyland. It took about a week of checking back, but it was finally restocked!
After a year of back and forth, window-gazing at the Disney Alex + Ani bangles, I’ve finally bit the bullet and picked up my first [Disney] one. My only hesitation had been about the clanging of bangles potentially waking up my super-light-sleepers. I used to love donning stacks of bangles, until I birthed a baby snake that would wake at the drop of a pin or a sliver of light. Every once in awhile though, I still like to pile on a stack of arm candy! The hardest part was to choose which one first to get! Kaitlyn helped me choose this Magical one! Loving all my recent Disney purchases. #disneytakesallmymoney
Hi! I'm Vivian, and this is my creative space to share snippets from our life in Orange County, CA and some of my favorite things!
Really, it's not our fault. We told the web guy that only terrorists use Javascript, but he just whined like a tired child for days and days and so we finally gave in.
Once he was done with the site we hit him over the head and buried him out back, so at least he won't be causing that kind of trouble for anyone else.
Let My People Go! A Glory Revolution is now taking hold in America and the nations. The night before the Brexit vote, Jon shared with unusual candor on both recent breakthroughs and key revelation from the Lord Jesus Christ. Playback: 641-715-3598 access code 552690
REVOLUTION SAN DIEGO NEXT FRI-SAT! July 1-2 with Dutch Sheets, Skyline Church. You don’t want to miss this significant time.
Remember how Bob Jones prophesied the miracles of Exodus would be married to the miracles of Acts to form a significant end-time move. Acts… the restoration of God’s Glory! Exodus… Let My people go!
Jolene and I were lost in worship on December 20, 2003, during the opening moments of our wedding. Delirious. Glory, glory, send Your glory! And it was during this song that God miraculously set our menorah ablaze. Lighting our unity candle in front of all of our guests, again on the first day of Hanukkah, as we were literally singing “Glory, glory, send your glory!”
Want to know why I have such confidence that God is restoring His glory, and catalyzing a turnaround? Look no further. Because God forged this dream into the depths of our beings from the moment we were married.
And this same anthem resounds in my spirit today. Brexit! A British exodus from the European Union. It didn’t look like it could happen, but God has brought a miraculous turnaround. A true sign that a Glory Revolution, a freedom movement even from global governance tied to idolatry, is now taking hold in the nations of the earth.
Was it the immigration issue, or the heavy taxation, or simply open defiance by Brits of President Obama’s open threats to punish England if Brexit becomes a reality? I dunno. A great article by Washington Post columnist David Ignatius makes clear the tangible faults of the European Union which drove ordinary British citizens to make the break. To read his article, “To Be Fixed, Europe Needs a Wrecking Ball” click here.
But I know the primary reason for Brexit. Behind the scenes the Lord is reclaiming England as His own. Even answering the Queen’s prayers that Great Britain remain a nation under God—a Christian nation. LET MY PEOPLE GO.
Please note that the concept of a European alliance is not inherently bad or evil—unless the union itself is inherently aligned with idolatry as a driving force. Then we have a problem.
And beloved, just a quick look into the foundations, decisions, directions, and even the symbology of the European Union makes it clear—we truly have a problem.
It’s important to note that England is not the first nation by any means to openly defy globally-broadcast threats by the Obama administration’s push toward global governance. Many nations in Africa have refused to comply with his globalist agenda, even if it means funding is cut off.
But the most notable example of open defiance came in 2015 with the nation of Israel. The Obama administration imposed a heavy hand upon the Israeli elections, all but insisting that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu be deposed. Jolene and I were asked by the Lord to remain onsite praying in Jerusalem for the 10 days leading up to the elections. And just as with the Brexit vote, nobody locally or nationally actually thought a genuine turnaround was possible.
But the impossible has now occurred. First with Israel, now with England. A double portion turnaround!
It’s a major reason why the Lord has brought forth this Glory Train journey in this hour. As we wrote in Wednesday’s posting, “To me the elections this year demarcate the tracks we roll on for decades to come. Which track is best—remaining one nation under God, or yielding our nation to the downward spiral of global governance? Nationalism under Christ or globalism under an antichrist spirit, these are the two tracks before us. And it’s a primary reason I feel that only a move of God’s Spirit has the potential to dislodge the extraordinary evil that has become embedded in our land.”
You might remember the primary themes we felt the Lord was emphasizing for this year. We are in a national and international Conflict of Thrones. At the same time, Heaven is at our gates!
And now the downward spiral of global governance has at least been put on pause. Beloved as the body of Christ, it’s our time. THIS IS OUR WINDOW! Lets continue to give our all towards God’s “underground turnaround.” Lets see Jesus Christ receive the rewards of His suffering—in Israel, America, and in the nations of the earth.
I want to close where we began. One of the clearest words the Lord gave for 2016 was His calling for Glory Revolutionaries to arise. For years we have been conveying that this new move of God is a spiritual revolution, which deals covenantally with the thrones of our hearts and the thrones of governance in the earth. NO KING BUT JESUS!
And this year the Spirit of God made it clear His Glory Revolutionaries would arise. We were in Israel celebrating our 12th anniversary when God lit our lamp, our menorah, a second time.
It was the first night of Hanukkah. On our way to the airport we felt led to stop at a memorial site to the ancient warrior priests called the Maccabees. They were the spiritual revolutionaries of their day. And it was the Maccabees who forged the miracle of Hanukkah when they broke through an army holding their temple captive.
Watch this now. Against all odds, they saw a miraculous turnaround as they struggled to reclaim their covenantal heritage. It is exactly the same in our day—whether in Israel, England, or America.
So the Maccabees retook their defiled temple and reconsecrated it to the Lord. A fire was lit on the menorah for the rededication. Only enough oil for one day, but the lamp burned supernaturally for eight days straight!
And on the first night of Hanukkah this past December, we surreptitiously ended up at their memorial. Quite literally due to a missed turn which sent us on a secondary route to the airport in Tel Aviv. Never been this way before…
When we saw the Maccabim sign we knew we had to turn. There were no lights for guidance; it was completely dark. But as we drove up a lonely hill on a dirt road, the monuments became visible.
And to our surprise, someone had come by and lit tea lights at the base of these memorials to the ancients. Jolene and I knew immediately what the Lord wanted us to do. On our 12th anniversary, He wanted us to take the fire of the Maccabees and relight the flame of our menorah.
In the spirit, a torch was passed. Offered not just to us, but to all spiritual revolutionaries who love Jesus Christ, who remain devoted to catalyzing His turnaround in our world.
Arise, shine, your light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you. In the world there is gross darkness. But the glory of the Lord is risen upon you! (Isaiah 60).
As prophetic signposts, that’s how our year began. And now we are seeing the global advance of His Glory Revolution. This is your time! Feels so good to say it… NO KING BUT JESUS!
Jon and Jolene Hamill are passionate followers of Jesus Christ. They love to share His heart and word nationally and internationally through ministry and media. Founders of Lamplighter Ministries, they reside in the metro Washington DC area. Jon and Jolene are the authors of the recently-published book Crown and Throne: A Field Guide to Spiritual Revolution, which has gained widespread popularity across the nation. LAMPostings are focused on sharing real-time prophetic revelation and prayer points from Washington DC, and is regularly enjoyed by thousands. In addition, they have authored numerous prophetic teachings which have appeared on the Elijah List, in Charisma Magazine and other publications.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by The Lord. Your footsteps through this Turnaround Glory Tour is preparing the way for many to follow … becoming revolutionaries as they follow hard after The Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you dearest ones for your dedication to HOLY and your sacrifice to further the Kingdom of God on earth NOW!!!
God has given us an uplifing Word through Lana Vawser of Brisbane, Australia that was posted this morning on Elijah List. “United States of America – You Have Been Marked For a Miracle”. Our united prayers ARE being heard and heeded by the Lord and we are advised to stay our course in spite of what we see in the natural!
Yesterday, a friend shared a recent word from Jane Hanson which she told at a recent Aglow Conference, and posted by Jane Hansen Hoyt…”Awake by Jane Hanson”.
Jane was awakened two separate mornings at exactly the same time; 3:11 am, that caused her to search out the meaning of the number 11. “The number 11 speaks of disorder and signifies, ‘the last hour.'”
In this “last hour of time we all are sensing, I wish to share a paragraph that I believe speaks to the Lamplighter Family.
As I considered being awakened twice at 3:11 a.m., I thought about something a friend sent me that I posted on Facebook the day before the 3:11 awakening. It was a picture of an eagle with its talon pressed on the head of a serpent with this message, ‘The eagle does not fight the snake on the ground. He picks it up into the sky and changes the battle ground, and then releases the snake into the sky. The snake has no stamina, no power and no balance in the air. It is useless, weak, and vulnerable unlike on the ground where it is powerful, wise and deadly. Take your fight into the spiritual realm by praying and when you are in the spiritual realm God takes over your battles. Don’t fight the enemy in his comfort zone. Change the battle ground like the eagle and let God take charge through your earnest prayer. You will be assured of clean victory.'”
This morning I was reading a book by Julie Meyer called DREAMS AND SUPERNATURAL ENCOUNTERS. The book is filled with many of her prophetic dreams (and her dreams have certainly been pivotal for the ekklesia–I am thinking of her dream about the ambulances and intercessors). One of the dreams in her book was about England and the message and timing gripped me as I read it today in light of this Brexit Revolution. This is a portion of what Julie shares about her dream:
“I had a dream. It was like watching a movie about future events in England. I saw the Lord begin to stir a great number of women and men across England to pray. Small groups, sometimes only three to ten people, met in homes to intercede for their land and ask the Lord to raise up righteous leaders. I saw houses of prayer raised up one by one across the nation. Because of this prayer movement, rays of light started breaking through the dark cloud that had shrouded the nation…
“In this dream, the Lord made a declaration: ‘I have not forgotten you England. I have not forgotten you. There is a young royal who has made headlines from nation to nation. But, I will take his wildness and turn it for good. I will encounter him who is red and ruddy, the second born of his father. He will walk alongside his brother, like Nathan the prophet walked alongside King David. You call him Harry, I call him Jacob. Together, the one like King David and the one like Jacob will lead a cry for righteousness in the land. This wave of righteousness will be as a tidal wave, reaching even Australia–and when England reaches out its hands to Australia, they will accept the invitation.’
“God was making it known that He has chosen leaders like King David–those who have hearts after God (see Acts 13:22). I saw the Lord begin to shed light on the true motives of the leaders of the land; little by little, their hearts were exposed. I saw that the Lord had already been visiting the Queen of England in dreams.”
To contribute, please click “DONATE” button below. Jon & Jolene are grateful for the investment you are making in the Kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ! Lamplighter Ministries advances through your partnership in prayer and giving, and we are honored to share together in the reward!
Receive timely updates from Jon & Jolene featuring key prophetic perspectives and prayer points. Join a community of leaders and intercessors standing for God's dream for America, Israel and the nations.
Toughest Mudder events are Tough Mudders new venture into the competitive side of obstacle racing. Up until...
There are many forms obstacle racing now, shaped by different business strategies and strategically branded to suite,...
The Toughest Final, held in Gothenburg, is the last race in Toughest’s Mini Tour. Although to win...
I was continually overrun with the feeling of Deja Vu during the Spartan Race World Championships, so...
Having spent the majority of the summer concentrating on mountain races I figured coming back to obstacle...
"The modern master of the gamebook format" (Rob Sanders)... "Can do dark very well" (Jonathan Oliver)... "Green gets mileage out of his monsters" (SFX Magazine)... "It takes a firm editorial hand and a keen understanding of the tone of each piece to make a collection this diverse work, and Green makes it look effortless" (Starburst Magazine)
According to Amazon.co.uk, Thursday 2nd March 2017 will mark 10 years since the publication of my first Pax Britannia novel Unnatural History.
Bearing that in mind, it's always a pleasure to come across readers who are discovering the series for the first time. For example, here's an extract from a review written in September last year*:
"Steampunk abounds in a never-ending Victorian empire where Good Queen Vic has been kept alive way beyond her natural span... with technology and near the present day Victorian tech has shaped an alternative Earth.
"Green's particular skill is with his info dumps bringing us up to date on the Pax Britanna world... The underground has been superseded by an Overground, there are sort of steam powered robot police and lots of extinct animals have been found and put into Jurassic Park style zoos.
"Enter our hero, traditional action adventurer, in the Quartermain mould, Ulysses Quicksilver. He is assigned to investigate a strange death... but soon uncovers a plot by... a group that wants to bring an end to an empire they see as corrupt and past its lifespan...
"As welcome as a warm glass of mulled wine on a wintry night, Green's guide to Christmas enhances the pleasures of the festive season, offering a witty cornucopia of Christmas facts and folklore." - The Good Book Guide
"As usual, author Jonathan Green gets mileage out of his monsters, with big action set-pieces that read like Things We'd Like to See in a rip-roaring summer movie if the creature effects were good enough." - SFX Magazine
"Jon Green's books are very beautifully and richly written - the prose and the world-building are first class." - The Unofficial Fighting Fantasy Forum
"There's time travel, evil Nazis, characters 'borrowed' from various other works all bound together with lashings of swash-buckle and high-jinx. Much dark fun." - The SFRevu
I am a freelance writer and editor, well known for my contributions to the Fighting Fantasy range of adventure gamebooks. I have also written for such diverse properties as Sonic the Hedgehog, Doctor Who, Star Wars and Games Workshop's worlds of Warhammer and Warhammer 40,000. I am the creator of the alternative steampunk universe of Pax Britannia, and have written eight novels featuring the debonair dandy adventurer Ulysses Quicksilver. As well as my fiction work, I have also written a number of non-fiction books including 'Match Wits with the Kids', 'What is Myrrh Anyway? Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Christmas' and 'YOU ARE THE HERO - A History of Fighting Fantasy Gamebooks'.
This site is in favour of things that ARE good for the environment. That the usual Greenie causes are good for the environment is however disputed.
There is a 1958 video here which prophesies global warming and flooding due to mankind's emissions. Fifty years later and nothing significant has happened. Odd that! The present prophecies couldn't be equally far out, could they? Background to the video here
Gore said the retreat of snow there was due to global warming. So I guess its present state proves global cooling. In fact, of course, the snow on it varies with precipitation, nothing else
A thick veil of snow had settled on Kilimanjaro the morning after my group arrived in Tanzania. Over breakfast, we gazed at the peak filling the sky above the palm trees of our hotel courtyard in Moshi, the town closest to the mountain. It was as Hemingway described it: "as wide as all the world, great, high, and unbelievably white in the sun."
I had wanted to climb to the roof of Africa before climate change erased its ice fields and the romance of its iconic "Snows of Kilimanjaro" image. But as we trudged across the 12,000-foot Shira plateau on Day 2 of our weeklong climb and gazed at the whiteness of the vast, humpbacked summit, I thought maybe I needn't have worried.
An up-and-down-and-up traverse of the south face of Kibo, the tallest of the mountain's three volcanic peaks, showed us a panorama of the summit ice cap and fractured tentacles of glacial ice that dangled down gullies dividing the vertical rock faces. And four days later, when we reached 19,340-foot Uhuru, the highest point on Kibo, we beheld snow and ice fields so enormous as to resemble the Arctic.
It looked nothing like the photographs of Kibo nearly denuded of ice and snow in the Al Gore documentary "An Inconvenient Truth." Nor did it seem to jibe with the film's narrative: "Within the decade, there will be no more snows of Kilimanjaro."
This was the last week of January - nearly a year ago - and the middle of the dry season. But several weeks of heavy rain and snow preceded the arrival of our group, 10 mountaineering clients and a professional guide from International Mountain Guides, based near Seattle. That made for a freakishly well-fed snow pack and the classic snowy image portrayed on travel posters, the label of the local Kilimanjaro Premium Lager and the T-shirts hawked in Moshi's tourist bazaars. But to many climate scientists and glaciologists who have probed and measured, the disappearance of the summit's ice fields is inevitable and imminent.
Lonnie Thompson, a glaciologist at Ohio State University who has studied Kilimanjaro's ice fields for years, photographed the summit a year to the week, coincidentally, before we were there. He found only a few, isolated snow patches in shaded areas, a drastic difference from what we encountered. Even on the world's highest free-standing volcano, seasonal snow doesn't remain on a peak so close to the Equator.
Last week, I broke the story of a press release issued by NOAA where they publish an opinion smashing any link between hurricanes and global warming saying that "There is nothing in the U.S. hurricane damage record that indicates global warming has caused a significant increase in destruction along our coasts."
Many readers may recall that Al Gore used hurricanes prominently in An Inconvenient Truth, and mentions hurricane Katrina specifically. Gore claims that increased hurricane activity is caused by global warming.
Last week, when the NOAA press release came out smashing any link between hurricanes and global warming, I wrote to my local newspaper editor, David Little, and said to him "Do you care to bet that AP and Reuters won't run this story?" He responded: "I hope they do, it seems newsworthy to me."
Well here is is, 4 days later, not a peep. A Google search of news stories for "NOAA increased hurricane" (keywords of the press release) reveals a tiny handful of stories about the press release. Could you imagine though if the story said the reverse? What if NOAA claimed they had established a definitive link between global warming and hurricanes. Oh my, the humanity of it all! Gloom, doom, death, destruction, angst, and demands for action on Kyoto. If it bleeds it leads. Compare to all the stories still circulating about hurricane Katrina and global warming.
Here is another story about a point from Gore's AIT hit parade; Mount Kilimanjaro. Mr. Gore asserted that the disappearance of snow on Mount Kilimanjaro in East Africa was expressly attributable to global warming; "Within the decade, there will be no more snows of Kilimanjaro." That was in 2005 in his movie An Inconvenient Truth.
Deforestation seems to be causing Mount Kilimanjaro's shrinking glacier. Researchers think deforestation of the mountain's foothills is the most likely culprit. Without the forests' evapotranspiration of humidity into the air, previously moisture-laden winds blowing across those forests now blow drier. The summit, no longer replenished with water from those winds, started shrinking. Studies show the ice is evaporating through a process called sublimation. You can witness this effect at home, have you ever noticed that ice cubes left in your freezer tend to shrink with time?
Last year, a British Court ruled Gore's point about Kilimanjaro not to be true. So when a news story crossed my desk today that said: "Mount Kilimanjaro: On Africa's roof, still crowned with snow" I had to wonder, will we see this one covered in the main stream media? Or maybe those beacons of truth over at Real Climate will make a note of it? Don't hold your breath. But, at least the New York Times travel section covered it. It seems more of a touristy thing to have snow on Kilimanjaro than a scientific issue of truth I suppose.
A new paper is currently in press in the journal Comptes Rendus Geoscience, which reviews the evidence for a connection between Cosmic Rays and Climate. The invited review authored by Ilya G. Usoskin and Gennady A. Kovaltsov is entitled: 'Cosmic rays and climate of the Earth: possible connection' is available via Ilya Usoskin's personal website for free download (as a corrected proof). The Abstract states:
Despite much evidence relating climatic changes on Earth to solar variability, a physical mechanism responsible for this is still poorly known. A possible link connecting solar activity and climate variations is related to cosmic rays and the physical-chemical changes they produce in the atmosphere. Here we review experimental evidence and theoretical grounds for this rela tion. The cosmic ray - climate link seems to be a plausible climate driver which effectively operates on different time scales, but its exact mechanism and relative importance still remain open questions.
The paper concludes: We have reviewed the experimental evidence and theoretical models relating cosmic ray variations to the terrestrial climate changes.
On short time scale of a few days, there exists much evidence that CR changes may affect the process of cyclogenesis via the changing transparency and pressure, particularly in the North Atlantic during cold seasons. Although each individual piece of evidence is barely significant, in aggregate, they suggest that the relation can be real.
A link between low clouds and CR appears statistically significant on the inter-annual time scale since 1984 in limited geographical regions, the largest being North Atlantic + Europe and South Atlantic. We note that many reconstructions of the past climate are based on European data, where the CR-cloud relation is the most pronounced. Extension of this relation to the global scale may be misleading.
A relation between the geomagnetic field changes and climatic variations provides evidence favoring the possible CR influence on climate. A study of regional climate variations in relation to the geomagnetic dipole axis migration over the last millennium is also promising.
There is an indication of the climate changes synchronously with the CR flux on Mega-yr time scales, but this result is not straightforward to interpret. Large uncertainties make it only indicative.
Essential progress has been recently achieved in theoretical modelling of both ionizing effect of CR and physical mechanisms relating CRII to cloud variations, but the link between micro- and macro-physics is still missing. A new experimental evidence, obtained by the SKYexperiment team, confirm that enhanced ionization notably facilitates the production of small ion clusters in realistic atmospheric conditions.
In conclusion, a CR-climate link seems to be a plausible climate driver, as supported by the bulk of statistical studies and existing theoretical models. However, further studies, in particular a clear case study as well as improved model development, are foreseen to improve our understanding of the link between cosmic rays and the climate on Earth.
British children, well versed in the effects of climate change, are putting pressure on older generations to act now to halt environmental decline. New research shows 95% of children aged between 4 and 15 were 'concerned' by global warming, with more than half 'very concerned'. And three out of four respondents believed they were more fluent on the subject than their parents.
The eco-conscious youngsters, dubbed 'Greenagers', now want to put more pressure on older generations to take a lead in environmental decision-making. Some 70% of those polled believed climate change is something that will affect them in their lifetime. Another 85% thought people should be more concerned about the issue and 96% believed it is important to encourage other people to be more environmentally friendly.
The research has been conducted by the UK kids' channel Nickelodeon as part of their environmental campaign called 'Nick's Big Green Thing'. The channel has launched a week of programming to encourage children to create a greener environment. One of the week's hosts, acclaimed adventurer and environmentalist David de Rothschild, was delighted to see the youngest generation were paying attention to the subject of global warming.
He said: "Our climates changing quicker than anyone ever expected and we can't afford to ignore the signs. "The good news is we have the solutions and this research proves that kids are taking action helping to create more stable environmental conditions for our future generations."
The survey further showed that more than half (59%) of children were aware of the concept of a 'carbon footprint' and were keen to alter their home life in order to reduce it. Better recycling, switching off lights in empty rooms, avoiding car travel and reducing the use of household appliances all polled highly.
Despite the awarness of home environmental initiatives, the respondents felt that they learned more about the environment from school teachers rather than their parents.
The experiment sounded so grand three years ago: The Valley Transportation Authority and SamTrans would test three buses that run on hydrogen fuel cells, emit no smog-inducing pollutants and help keep the valley's air clean. Green, yes. But a new report from the VTA says the $18 million state-mandated pilot project costs too much green - and raises troubling questions about whether the program should continue.
The most glaring figure: Zero-emission buses - or ZEBs - cost $51.66 to fuel, maintain and operate per mile compared with just $1.61 for a 40-foot conventional diesel coach. They break down much more frequently, and replacement parts are next to impossible to order, according to the report.
The VTA experiment could be a blow to hydrogen fuel technology, once heralded as the future of green mass transit options. At the least, the report raises significant questions about whether the state should ease off the accelerator rather than push Bay Area transit agencies to expand the hydrogen project. "When you say that there is a 50-dollar difference between ZEBs and diesel, that's exorbitant," said Dolly Sandoval, the VTA vice chair from Cupertino. She and other VTA board members are questioning whether the state should loosen its insistence on hydrogen-fuel-cell technology and allow the agency to consider using hybrid buses to meet clean-air requirements, which is being done in New York City, where hundreds of diesel-hybrid buses are in use.
But the California Air Resources Board is poised next year to launch a $36 million second phase of the hydrogen program, adding 12 more buses in the Bay Area and expanding it to include Golden Gate Transit. Analifa Bevan with CARB said her agency "is not considering any changes," pointing out that the VTA experiment involves early prototypes and that the next generation of buses will be more reliable and "cheaper to operate than diesel."
AC Transit in the East Bay has operated hydrogen-hybrid buses for two years, ones that also use electrical batteries to help cut hydrogen fuel costs and provide a smoother ride and easier acceleration and braking, much like in hybrid cars. Officials at the agency are sold on the program. "Our experience is pretty positive," said Jaimie Levin, director of alternative fuels policy and marketing with AC Transit. "These vehicles aren't cheap, but the technology is far simpler than the internal combustion engine and it keeps getting cheaper, lighter and more powerful. That's a given."
But the VTA's early results are not encouraging. Although the cost of a new hydrogen-fuel-cell bus has fallen from about $3.5 million to $2.5 million, a diesel coach costs about $400,000. And ZEBs have on average traveled 1,100 miles before needing repairs in the VTA trial, while a typical diesel bus covers about 6,000 miles.
The state approved the fuel-cell experiment in 2000, with VTA and SamTrans each contributing $6 million to the project and federal and state money covering the final $6 million. Hybrid buses running on diesel and electricity weren't included in the choices the VTA could make, since those buses contribute more to smog levels than hydrogen buses. The three zero-emission buses began running in 2005 in Santa Clara County, from express routes to the VTA's most heavily traveled lines. By 2012, 15 percent of buses in California transit agencies with 200 or more diesel buses must be ZEBs, in a program being watched across the country.
These buses don't belch smoke; they run as quietly as a golf cart and are expected to reduce soot emissions by 90 percent. Powered solely by hydrogen fuel cells, the tailpipes emit wisps of water vapor instead of plumes of diesel exhaust, which is linked to numerous respiratory ailments such as asthma and lung cancer. Hydrogen-fuel-cell technology converts hydrogen and oxygen into electricity, water and heat. The hydrogen flows into an electrode that breaks the hydrogen into electrons and protons. The electricity produced runs the bus. If you took a white cloth and held it to the exhaust of a fuel-cell bus, all you would collect would be some water vapor. No soot, no dirt, no lung-clogging grime.
But the issue is whether a $2.5 million bus operated by fuel cells can withstand the daily pounding of stop-and-go traffic, potholes and loading and unloading of thousands of passengers at a cost a transit agency can afford. After about 75,000 miles in the VTA test, red warning flags are flapping. "Five years ago, they said the technology was five years away," said VTA General Manager Michael Burns. "Today, they are still talking five years, maybe 10. "What do we do at this point, given what we know?"
For more postings from me, see TONGUE-TIED, EDUCATION WATCH INTERNATIONAL, POLITICAL CORRECTNESS WATCH, FOOD & HEALTH SKEPTIC, GUN WATCH, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, AUSTRALIAN POLITICS, DISSECTING LEFTISM, IMMIGRATION WATCH INTERNATIONAL and EYE ON BRITAIN. My Home Pages are here or here or here. Email me (John Ray) here. For times when blogger.com is playing up, there are mirrors of this site here and here.
Given the current low level of solar activity and the shape of the climate record, I am inclined to believe on balance that a move to systematic long-term cooling is indicated by recent cooling events. It is also true, however, that the current cooling could just as well be a random fluctuation -- counterpart to the big 1998 warming event. But what current cooling UNDOUBTEDLY shows is that there are large NATURAL changes in global temperature and that recent warming events do not exceed recent cooling events.
So to say, as James Hansen and other Greenies do, that one change is natural and the other is not is where the dishonesty comes in. It is just ideology speaking -- with no tincture of proper scientific caution or any possibility of proof. It is faith, not science. But such arguments are very typical of the way the Green/Left look only at facts which suit them -- JR
Snow cover over North America and much of Siberia, Mongolia and China is greater than at any time since 1966. The U.S. National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) reported that many American cities and towns suffered record cold temperatures in January and early February. According to the NCDC, the average temperature in January "was -0.3 F cooler than the 1901-2000 (20th century) average." China is surviving its most brutal winter in a century. Temperatures in the normally balmy south were so low for so long that some middle-sized cities went days and even weeks without electricity because once power lines had toppled it was too cold or too icy to repair them.
There have been so many snow and ice storms in Ontario and Quebec in the past two months that the real estate market has felt the pinch as home buyers have stayed home rather than venturing out looking for new houses. In just the first two weeks of February, Toronto received 70 cm of snow, smashing the record of 66.6 cm for the entire month set back in the pre-SUV, pre-Kyoto, pre-carbon footprint days of 1950.
And remember the Arctic Sea ice? The ice we were told so hysterically last fall had melted to its "lowest levels on record? Never mind that those records only date back as far as 1972 and that there is anthropological and geological evidence of much greater melts in the past. The ice is back. Gilles Langis, a senior forecaster with the Canadian Ice Service in Ottawa, says the Arctic winter has been so severe the ice has not only recovered, it is actually 10 to 20 cm thicker in many places than at this time last year. OK, so one winter does not a climate make. It would be premature to claim an Ice Age is looming just because we have had one of our most brutal winters in decades.
But if environmentalists and environment reporters can run around shrieking about the manmade destruction of the natural order every time a robin shows up on Georgian Bay two weeks early, then it is at least fair game to use this winter's weather stories to wonder whether the alarmist are being a tad premature.
And it's not just anecdotal evidence that is piling up against the climate-change dogma. According to Robert Toggweiler of the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory at Princeton University and Joellen Russell, assistant professor of biogeochemical dynamics at the University of Arizona -- two prominent climate modellers -- the computer models that show polar ice-melt cooling the oceans, stopping the circulation of warm equatorial water to northern latitudes and triggering another Ice Age (a la the movie The Day After Tomorrow) are all wrong.
"We missed what was right in front of our eyes," says Prof. Russell. It's not ice melt but rather wind circulation that drives ocean currents northward from the tropics. Climate models until now have not properly accounted for the wind's effects on ocean circulation, so researchers have compensated by over-emphasizing the role of manmade warming on polar ice melt.
But when Profs. Toggweiler and Russell rejigged their model to include the 40-year cycle of winds away from the equator (then back towards it again), the role of ocean currents bringing warm southern waters to the north was obvious in the current Arctic warming.
Last month, Oleg Sorokhtin, a fellow of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences, shrugged off manmade climate change as "a drop in the bucket." Showing that solar activity has entered an inactive phase, Prof. Sorokhtin advised people to "stock up on fur coats."
He is not alone. Kenneth Tapping of our own National Research Council, who oversees a giant radio telescope focused on the sun, is convinced we are in for a long period of severely cold weather if sunspot activity does not pick up soon. The last time the sun was this inactive, Earth suffered the Little Ice Age that lasted about five centuries and ended in 1850. Crops failed through killer frosts and drought. Famine, plague and war were widespread. Harbours froze, so did rivers, and trade ceased. It's way too early to claim the same is about to happen again, but then it's way too early for the hysteria of the global warmers, too.
Over the past year, anecdotal evidence for a cooling planet has exploded. China has its coldest winter in 100 years. Baghdad sees its first snow in all recorded history. North America has the most snowcover in 50 years, with places like Wisconsin the highest since record-keeping began. Record levels of Antarctic sea ice, record cold in Minnesota, Texas, Florida, Mexico, Australia, Iran, Greece, South Africa, Greenland, Argentina, Chile -- the list goes on and on.
No more than anecdotal evidence, to be sure. But now, that evidence has been supplanted by hard scientific fact. All four major global temperature tracking outlets (Hadley, NASA's GISS, UAH, RSS) have released updated data. All show that over the past year, global temperatures have dropped precipitously.
A compiled list of all the sources can be seen here. The total amount of cooling ranges from 0.65C up to 0.75C -- a value large enough to wipe out nearly all the warming recorded over the past 100 years. All in one year's time. For all four sources, it's the single fastest temperature change ever recorded, either up or down.
Scientists quoted in a past DailyTech article link the cooling to reduced solar activity which they claim is a much larger driver of climate change than man-made greenhouse gases. The dramatic cooling seen in just 12 months time seems to bear that out. While the data doesn't itself disprove that carbon dioxide is acting to warm the planet, it does demonstrate clearly that more powerful factors are now cooling it.
Let's hope those factors stop fast. Cold is more damaging than heat. The mean temperature of the planet is about 54 degrees. Humans -- and most of the crops and animals we depend on -- prefer a temperature closer to 70. Historically, the warm periods such as the Medieval Climate Optimum were beneficial for civilization. Corresponding cooling events such as the Little Ice Age, though, were uniformly bad news.
Miliband is the son of a noted Marxist theoretician so this obeisance to Communist China is not unexpected
Rich industrialized nations must help the developing world pay for a shift to cleaner technologies to fight climate change, British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Tuesday during a visit to China's financial center. Major developing nations such as China and India will face a devastating "boomerang effect" of devastating effects from global warming such as drought and crop disruptions if they do not opt for cleaner, less polluting economic development, Miliband told students at the China-Europe International Business School.
Adapting energy technologies that emit fewer of the greenhouse gases viewed as a main contributor to climate change "does not sacrifice development but ... it is much more expensive than high-carbon development," he said. "The question is, who pays for it?" Miliband said. "The richer countries have got to lead in taking the burden of paying for the shift to a lower-carbon economy." Scientists believe carbon dioxide is one of the leading contributors to global warming.
China, which chiefly relies on heavily polluting coal to fuel its surging economy, now rivals the United States as the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases.
Britain backs calls for industrialized countries to help the developing world cope with the consequences of centuries of pollution by the West. Last month, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledged about 50 million pounds (US$98.3 million) to support investment in energy efficiency, renewable energy, clean coal and carbon dioxide capture-and-storage technology during his first state visit to China. China has pledged to improve energy efficiency, while insisting on its right to pursue the economic growth needed to supply jobs to its 1.3 billion people.
For the poorest countries, the focus should be on promoting sustainable development, Miliband said. "Their aid programs have got to be 'greened,'" he said. Miliband was to travel to the southwestern industrial hub of Chongqing before heading to Beijing later in the week. During a stopover in Hong Kong, he said Monday that he would discuss the issue of Sudan with his Chinese counterparts, but added that Beijing alone should not be held responsible for trying to end the conflict there. "We all have our responsibility to use our weight in the country and in the international arena to argue for dialogue, for responsibilities on both sides."
Claims that changes in global climate are the result of man-made emissions of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, are used as a pretext to demand increased taxes on vehicle use and restrictions such as lower speed limits. Yet the level of public debate about this highly complex subject has often been at a simplistic and emotive level, rather than a serious examination of the scientific evidence. Indeed, attempts to question the claimed `scientific consensus' are often met with abusive personal attacks designed to discourage dissenters - a clear sign that the issue has been hijacked for political purposes.
There are two questions that need to be considered: whether man-made emissions of carbon dioxide are actually changing the world's climate; and, even if they are, whether any action taken to reduce the UK's emissions could have a significant remedial impact at a global level.
On the first point, a scientific consensus on the causes of climate change does not exist, despite strenuous efforts to create that impression by those who wish to maintain and exploit public alarm. As explained by Dr Patrick Moore, a co-founder of Greenpeace, in an open letter to the Royal Society, the claimed link between carbon dioxide emissions and global warming does not even merit the scientific title of `theory'; it is merely a hypothesis, since causation has not been demonstrated in any conclusive way. He also points out that the recent warming trend began long before human-caused increase in carbon dioxide was evident.
The main alternative hypothesis to explain climate change is rapidly gaining credibility: variations in the sun's output of charged particles and in its magnetic field, linked to the sun-spot cycle, affect the flow of cosmic rays reaching the Earth's atmosphere, where they help to seed clouds. At times of high solar activity (such as recently), fewer cosmic rays reach the atmosphere so there is less cloud cover; more of the sun's heat radiation reaches the Earth's surface and the planet warms. When solar activity is low, more clouds form and reflect the sun's radiation back into space, so cooling takes place. Evidence is mounting to support this hypothesis and there are some scientists predicting a period of global cooling ahead, as solar activity decreases.
There is also nothing unprecedented about recent global temperatures or rates of change. There have been many fluctuations in temperature since the end of the last ice age, most recently the Medieval Warm Period of around a thousand years ago and the Little Ice Age that followed it. The existence of these natural fluctuations is an embarrassment to the proponents of man-made climate change, and attempts have been made to rewrite climate history to eliminate them. Also, since direct daily observations of temperature only began during the Little Ice Age, claims about recent temperatures being the `hottest ever recorded' are highly misleading.
Even if man-made carbon dioxide emissions were the cause of climate change, any measures that the UK could take to reduce its own emissions would have a negligible impact at a global level. In 2004, the UK emitted 158.09 million tonnes (carbon equivalent) of carbon dioxide, amounting to 2.1 per cent of the world total. Of the UK figure, 21.6 per cent came from road transport in 2004, or 0.46 per cent of the world total.
While road transport in the UK emits 34 million tonnes of carbon per year, China's total output of carbon dioxide in 2004 was 1,284 million tonnes (carbon equivalent), up from 1,063 million tonnes in 2003. Thus a single year's increase in carbon emissions by China, at 221 million tonnes, was six and a half times the output from road transport in Britain, or 40 per cent more than the UK's total emissions.
Any reduction that could be achieved in the UK's road transport emissions would be insignificant by comparison: a 10 per cent reduction would be negated in less than six days, if China's emissions continue to grow at their current rate. There can be no justification, therefore, for taxation increases or other restrictions that would affect mobility, on the grounds of tackling climate change. Suggesting that an example set by the UK would lead countries such as China and India to forgo the benefits of economic growth is risible.
Whether climate change due to greenhouse gas emissions is real and set to continue or not, responses to it need to be based on rational assessments of the costs and benefits of the options, not futile, damaging and expensive political gestures. This was the message delivered by the House of Lords Select Committee on Economic Affairs in its 2005 report, in which it also pointed out that there are positive aspects to global warming, such as fewer cold-related winter deaths. There is no justification for singling out the drivers of Britain as responsible for climate change.
`It's dangerous, wasteful and too expensive!' Greens are busily putting the case against nuclear, but there is not a spark of truth in their arguments
The UK government is expected to announce tomorrow that it will give the green light to the building of new nuclear power stations in the UK - the first since the Sizewell `B' station was completed in 1995. These are urgently needed to make up the shortfall in power supply as older nuclear stations are closed over the next few years.
Yet the decision is bound to be controversial - not helped by widespread misinformation about nuclear power. Greens opposing nuclear power muddle every issue from terrorism to uranium supplies, in order to besmirch the only proven safe and cost-effective way to generate large amounts of electricity that won't produce large amounts of greenhouse gas emissions. One would think that greens don't want a world with abundant energy and a stable climate!
These are some of the myths we are likely to hear from greens debating nuclear power over the next few weeks:
According to Greenpeace, uranium reserves are `relatively limited' and last week the Nuclear Consultation Working Group claimed that a significant increase in nuclear generating capacity would reduce reliable supplies from 50 to 12 years
In fact, there is 600 times more uranium in the ground than gold and there is as much uranium as tin. There has been no major new uranium exploration for 20 years, but at current consumption levels, known uranium reserves are predicted to last for 85 years. Geological estimates from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) show that at least six times more uranium is extractable - enough for 500 years' supply at current demand. Modern reactors can use thorium as a fuel and convert it into uranium - and there is three times more thorium in the ground than uranium.
Uranium is the only fuel which, when burnt, generates more fuel. Not only existing nuclear warheads, but also the uranium and plutonium in radioactive waste can be reprocessed into new fuel, which former UK chief scientist Sir David King estimates could supply 60 per cent of Britain's electricity to 2060. In short, there is more than enough uranium, thorium and plutonium to supply the entire world's electricity for several hundred years.
Anti-nuclear campaigners claim that nuclear power contains `hidden emissions' of greenhouse gases (GHGs) from uranium mining and reactor construction. But so do wind turbines, built from huge amounts of concrete, steel and plastic. The OECD analysed the total lifetime releases of GHG from energy technologies and concluded that, taking into account mining of building materials, construction and energy production, nuclear is still a `lower carbon' option than wind, solar or hydroelectric generation. For example, during its whole life cycle, nuclear power releases three to six grams of carbon per kiloWatthour (GC kWh) of electricity produced, compared with three to 10 GC/kWh for wind turbines, 105 GC/kWh for natural gas and 228 GC/kWh for lignite (`dirty' coal)
Greens, exemplified by the Sustainable Development Commission, place their trust in `carbon capture and storage' (CCS) to reduce the GHG emissions from coal and gas plants. But carbon capture is, at present, a myth. There is no functioning power station with CCS in the world - not even a demonstration plant - and if it did work, it would still greatly reduce the energy efficiency of any power station where it is installed.
With all power generation technology, the cost of electricity depends upon the investment in construction (including interest on capital loans), fuel, management and operation. Like wind, solar and hydroelectric dams, the principal costs of nuclear lie in construction. Acquisition of uranium accounts for only about 10 per cent of the price of total costs, so nuclear power is not as vulnerable to fluctuations in the price of fuel as gas and oil generation.
Unlike the UK's existing stations, any new designs will be pre-approved for operational safety, modular to lower construction costs, produce 90 per cent less volume of waste and incorporate decommissioning and waste management costs.
A worst-case analysis conducted for the UK Department of Trade and Industry (now the Department of Business and Enterprise), which was accepted by Greenpeace, shows nuclear-generated electricity to be only marginally more expensive than gas (before the late-2007 hike in gas prices), and 10 to 20 times cheaper than onshore and offshore wind. With expected carbon-pricing penalties for gas and coal, nuclear power will be considerably cheaper than all the alternatives
Contrary to environmentalists' claims, Britain is not overwhelmed with radioactive waste and has no radioactive waste `problem'. By 2040 there will be a total of 2,000 cubic metres of the most radioactive high-level waste (9), which would fit in a 13 x 13 x 13 metre hole - about the size of the foundations for one small wind turbine. Much of this high-level waste is actually a leftover from Britain's atomic weapons programme. All of the UK's intermediate and high-level radioactive waste for the past 50 years and the next 30 years would fit in just one Royal Albert Hall, an entertainment venue in London that holds 6,000 people (and which seems, for some reason, to have become the standard unit of measurement in debates about any kind of waste in the UK)
The largest volume of waste from the nuclear power programme is low-level waste - concrete from outbuildings, car parks, construction materials, soil from the surroundings and so on. By 2100, there will be 473,000 cubic metres of such waste from decommissioned plants - enough to fill five Albert Halls. Production of all the electricity consumed in a four-bedroom house for 70 years leaves about one teacup of high-level waste, and new nuclear build will not make any significant contribution to existing radioactive waste levels for 20-40 years.
Existing UK reactors were built with no regard for future demolition. New reactors will be constructed from modular designs with the need for decommissioning built-in. The costs of decommissioning and waste management will be incorporated into the price of electricity to consumers. New nuclear plants are expected to have a working life of 40 years so the cost of decommissioning is spread over a longer period. Current government subsidy of decommissioning costs is approximately o1 billion annually (for 20 per cent of Britain's electrical supply) - half the subsidy to `sustainable' energy (two per cent of Britain's electrical supply).
This is perhaps the most ironic of the anti-nuclear arguments, since the legal manoeuvrings of Greenpeace delayed the UK government's nuclear decision by a year and it is the very opposition of greens that will cause most of the future delays.
The best construction schedules are achieved by the Canadian company AECL, which has built six new reactors since 1991; from the pouring of concrete to criticality (when the reactors come on-line), the longest build took six-and-a-half years and the shortest just over four years. The UK government expects pre-licensing of standard designs and modular construction to reduce construction times significantly - to about 6 years. New nuclear build could certainly start making significant contributions to UK carbon reduction targets by 2020.
Childhood leukaemia rates are no higher near nuclear power plants than they are near organic farms. `Leukaemia clusters' are geographic areas where the rates of childhood leukaemia appear to be higher than normal, but the definition is controversial because it ignores the fact that leukaemia is actually several very different (and unrelated) diseases with different causes.
The major increase in UK childhood leukaemia rates occurred before the Second World War. The very small (one per cent) annual increase seen now is probably due to better diagnosis, although it is possible that there is a viral contribution to the disease. It is purely by chance that a leukaemia `cluster' will occur near a nuclear installation, a national park or a rollercoaster ride. One such `cluster' occurred in Seascale, the nearest village to the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant, but there are no other examples. Clusters tend to be found in isolated areas where there has been a recent influx of immigration - which hints at a virus.
Men who work on nuclear submarines or in nuclear plants are no more likely to father children with leukaemia (or any other disease) than workers in any other industry
More nuclear plants (in Britain and elsewhere) would actually reduce weapons proliferation. Atomic warheads make excellent reactor fuel; decommissioned warheads (containing greatly enriched uranium or plutonium) currently provide about 15 per cent of world nuclear fuel. Increased demand for reactor fuel would divert such warheads away from potential terrorists. Nuclear build is closely monitored by the IAEA, which polices anti-proliferation treaties.
If, as greens say, new nuclear power cannot come on-line in time to prevent climate change, how much less impact can wind, wave and carbon capture make? Environmentalists claim offshore wind turbines can make a significant contribution to electricity supply. Even if that were true - which it is certainly not - the environmental impact disqualifies wind as `sustainable'. The opening up of the North Sea continental shelf to 7,000 wind turbines is, essentially, the building of a huge industrial infrastructure across a vast swathe of ecologically sensitive seabed - as `unsustainable' in its own way as the opening of the Arctic Wildlife Refuge to oil exploration.
Wave power is still highly experimental and unproven as a method of generating electricity. Even if we allow the Severn Tidal Bore, the tidal surge that runs up and down the River Severn estuary in south-west England (and a great natural wonder of the world), to be destroyed, the cost overruns and time delays would make any problems of the nuclear industry look cheap by comparison.
Since 11 September 2001, several studies have examined the possibility of attacks by a large aircraft on reactor containment buildings. The US Department of Energy sponsored an independent computer-modelling study of the effects of a fully fuelled Boeing 767-400 hitting the reactor containment vessel. Under none of the possible scenarios was containment breached.
Only the highly specialised US `bunker busting' ordnance would be capable - after several direct strikes - of penetrating the amount of reinforced concrete that surrounds reactors. And besides, terrorists have already demonstrated that they prefer large, high visibility, soft targets with maximum human casualties (as in the attacks on New York, London, Madrid and Mumbai) rather than well-guarded, isolated, low-population targets. Any new generation of nuclear reactors in the UK will be designed with even greater protection against attack than existing plants, and with `passive' safety measures that work without human intervention or computer control.
By GORDON FULKS (Gordon J. Fulks [gordonfulks@hotmail.com] holds a doctorate in physics from the University of Chicago, Laboratory for Astrophysics and Space Research)
Gov. Ted Kulongoski's successful purge of George Taylor -- Oregon's former state climatologist and soon-to-be former director of the Oregon Climate Service at Oregon State University -- has a clear message for scientists: agree with the governor or you too will disappear. Don't hint that man-made global warming is the greatest scientific hoax of our time. It offends the governor.
Many, like Taylor, are unwilling to support political agendas at odds with good science but also too polite to play the role of the little boy in "The Emperor's New Clothes." They will quietly say, "Let's look at the evidence concerning man-made global warming (more properly known as Anthropogenic Global Warming or AGW), because science is based entirely on evidence."
As a meteorologist, Taylor would show that the warm-up we saw peak in the 1990s was very similar to the warm-up in the Dust Bowl era of the 1930s, before there was significant use of fossil fuels. He would also mention the sharp decline in global temperature this January, returning us close to where we were decades ago. Climate change is perfectly normal.
As a physicist, let me point out that our understanding of climate was not "settled more than a decade ago," as global warming alarmists argue. Science is never settled, as Albert Einstein spectacularly demonstrated.
Our knowledge of the interplay between atmospheric carbon dioxide and global temperature has gone through three stages over the past 20 years. Al Gore correctly points out that early ice-core data gathered from glaciers around the world showed a very strong correlation between carbon dioxide and temperature over 650,000 years. Because carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, most of us assumed that it regulated global temperature.
By 1999, improving ice-core techniques produced a stunning reversal, showing that the global temperature changed many centuries before carbon dioxide changed. This proved that natural climate cycles were causing changes in atmospheric carbon dioxide, probably by affecting how much remained dissolved in the oceans. Using new ice-core evidence, Caillon, et al. (Science, March 2003), concluded that "CO2 is not the forcing that initially drives the climatic system."
This should have convinced alarmists that their scare was unwarranted. But too many would have been thrown out of work, and too many politicians would have lost a hot-button issue. So they ramped up the alarm, relying on ever-more-contrived theories to explain the ice-core data.
In 2007, their last theoretical bastion crumbled. Climatologists announced that a fundamental signature of greenhouse gases, predicted by all U.N. climate models, is missing. There is no "hot spot" from CO2 -induced warming at tropical latitudes. Satellites and weather balloons show normal temperature profiles. The climate models are fundamentally flawed. (Douglass, et al., International Journal of Climatology, Royal Meteorological Society, October 2007.)
Of course, with the abysmal state of science education and the near-total support of the media, global warming propagandists saw no reason to alter their strategy. We continue to hear that catastrophe is just around the corner, and we must sign up for ever more expensive and environmentally damaging "solutions."
A very important break in this discussion came from The New York Times on Jan.1: "In 2008, a 100 Percent Chance of Alarm" science writer, John Tierney, describes how we are being victimized by a vast array of opportunists. They point out anecdotal evidence of warming and ignore counter evidence -- such as the fact that the global temperature last year "was actually lower than any year since 2001. "Governor Kulongoski should understand that responsible science is nonpartisan. We follow scientific evidence, not those lacking scientific training. Forcing out a scientist because he won't go along with your favorite hoax hurts Oregon science and ultimately every citizen in this state.
John McCain, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton all promise bold action on climate change. All have endorsed a form of cap-and-trade system that would severely limit future carbon emissions. The Democratic Congress is champing at the bit to act. So too is the Climate Action Partnership, a coalition of companies led by General Electric and Duke Energy.
You'd think this would be a rich time for debate on the issue of climate change. But it's precisely as sweeping change on climate policy is becoming likely that many people have decided the time for debate is over. One writer puts climate change skeptics "in a similar moral category to Holocaust denial," another envisions "war crimes trials" for the deniers. And during the tour for his film "An Inconvenient Truth," Al Gore himself belittled "global warming deniers" as unworthy of any attention.
Take the reaction to Danish statistician Bjorn Lomborg's latest book, "Cool It," which calls for a reasoned debate on global warming. Mr. Lomborg himself leans left, and he opens his book by declaring his belief that "humanity has caused a substantial rise in atmospheric carbon-dioxide levels over the past centuries, thereby contributing to global warming." But he has infuriated environmentalists by saying it is necessary to debate "whether hysterical and head-long spending on extravagant CO2-cutting programs at an unprecedented price is the only possible response." To do so, he says, it will be necessary to cool the doomsday rhetoric, allowing a measured discussion about the best ways forward. "Being smart about our future is the reason we have done so well in the past. We should not abandon our smarts now."
Mr. Lomborg's solution is to avoid discredited cap-and-trade programs, in which developing nations limit economic growth while they fruitlessly try to convince booming economies such as India and China to do the same. His alternative: "Let's focus on research and development. Let's focus on noncarbon-emitting technologies like solar, wind, carbon capture, energy efficiency and also, let's realize the solution may come from nuclear fission and fusion." He laments that the climate change issue has been demagogued by ideological groups on both sides, "and the ones who are making panicky or catastrophic claims simply have better press." At the end of the day, he ruefully acknowledges that potential progress and the sorts of solutions he advocates "are just boring things."
Let's hope Mr. Lomborg is wrong in his fear that the media are uninterested in showcasing a real debate on climate change. The proof may be found next week, when hundreds of scientists, economists and policy experts who dissent from the "consensus" that climate change requires radical measures will meet in New York to discuss the latest scientific, economic and political research on climate change. Five tracks of panels will address paleoclimatology, climatology, global warming impacts, the economics of global warming and political factors. It will be keynoted by Czech President Vaclav Klaus, who has argued that economic growth is most likely to create the innovations and know-how to combat any challenges climate change could present in the future. (Information on the conference is here.)
The conference is being organized by the free-market Heartland Institute and 49 other co-sponsors, including a dozen from overseas. Heartland president Joseeph Bast says its politically incorrect purpose is to "explain the often-neglected 'other side' of the climate change debate. This will be their chance to speak out. It will be hard for journalists and policy makers to ignore us."
I wonder. Already, environmental groups have sent out their opinion to their media friends that the conference is simply a platform for corporate apologists and can safely be ignored. One group alleges the conference will have "no real scientists" present despite an impressive array of speakers such as Patrick Michaels, a past president of the American Association of State Climatologists, and Willie Soon, an astrophysicist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
Critics point out that ExxonMobil gave nearly $800,000 to Heartland between 1998 and 2005 and that the group's board of directors include several people with ties to energy companies. The authors of the blog Real Climate don't engage the issues raised by the conference but instead attack it as stuffed with shills. When Heartland experts tried to respond to those charges, they were blacklisted from the comments section of the Real Climate Web site.
All this has led the Western Standard, a Canadian magazine sympathetic to the global warming skeptics, to predict that "the gathering will be completely ignored, even though it's being held in the news media capital of the world." Let's hope not. Global warming is too important a subject to not to debate, and we in the U.S. may rue the day we rushed pell-mell into expensive and shortsighted solutions when much more rational and cost-effective ones were readily available.
Reporting on the issue of "global warming" demonstrates that often the only difference between reporters and prostitutes is that prostitutes understand what type of business they are in. Many reporters are allowing themselves to be used by politicians and others to con the viewers and readers the reporters are supposed to be serving
30 years ago as a graduate student I took some journalism courses. At that time reporters were encouraged to get more than one opinion on issues and to avoid taking sides by reporting allegations as facts. A phrase like "according to" some source should precede or follow whatever claim the source is making.
Many reporters willingly repeat the allegation that "greenhouse gases are causing global warming" as if it were an accepted fact instead of a subject of controversy. News stories will state that "CO2 causes global warming" without presenting any evidence to support the allegation. Those who support this hypothesis cannot provide evidence because the process doesn't exist.
The situation is occurring in spite of the fact that it is easier for reporters to find alternate opinions than it was 30 years ago. In the 70's reporters had to contact other news sources and ask for other opinions. Today reporters can use internet search engines to find quotes from other sources, including experts who aren't well known, with just a few mouse clicks.
Good reporters should be skeptical of their sources and recognize that people who willingly talk to reporters are usually attempting to gain acceptance for their points of view. Such sources may get away with misrepresenting the facts when reporters don't bother to check the validity of statements. Reporters who don't understand the issues they are reporting on are particularly vulnerable.
Why should reporters who don't understand science be skeptical of the claims about "greenhouse gases causing global warming"? First, those making the claim admit that average temperatures only increased by 1 F (0.5C) during the entire 20th Century. Average temperatures can vary by more than that from one day to the next or from a shady area to a sunny area only a few feet apart.
In an era when even priests and preachers can be crooks, there is no reason to assume scientists will tell the truth. Those scientists who believe in global warming sometimes claim that those who disagree are being paid to do so by oil companies, etc. If these scientists don't believe scientists as a group can be trusted to tell the truth why should reporters? Have reporters checked to see how many of those scientists who support global warming claims are being paid to do so?
The scientist as con artist is an old movie plot that is based on fact. There have been recent cases of scientists being caught presenting false data to support their claims in addition to those who claim they can provide miracle cures for diseases. The claim that a minor atmospheric gas (0.036% of the atmosphere) can determine air temperatures sounds too much like magic to be taken at face value.
Statements by global warming claimants about punishing those who disagree with them should raise a red flag with any real journalist who supports freedom of speech. Such statements made by individuals in authority positions can indicate fear that someone will find out they are wrong. Scientists who believe they are correct welcome challenges.
If the idea of "global warming" is valid why do those who support it feel they have to exaggerate everything? Many of their claims sound too much like the traditional Hollywood disaster movie plot to be believable, particularly the claims of the great exaggerator, Al Gore.
Journalists have criticized the U.S. military for "planting" stories about the Iraq conflict. NASA's Gavin Schmidt has been running an ostensibly private website supporting NASA's claims about global warming for some time. If the claim about global warming is valid, why does the government need to set up a propaganda site to plant information supporting the claim?
S. Fred Singer who was the first director of the National Weather Satellite Service has questioned claims about global warming for years. John Coleman who founded the Weather Channel recently called the global warming claim the greatest scam in history, but reporters ignore him because they have already made up their minds and aren't interested in facts.
How many of those who call themselves journalists have bothered to check with these well known experts? Real journalists report both sides of controversial issues. Propagandists only present one side.Perhaps it is unfair to compare reporters to prostitutes. Prostitutes are professionals who are paid by those who utilize their services. Reporters who present only one side of an issue don't get paid by those who use them.
European consumers shunning imported food supposedly to limit climate change should not make African farmers a scapegoat, a Brussels conference has been told. In Britain, several supermarkets have begun labelling products flown into the country with stickers marked "air-freighted," to reflect concern about the contribution of aviation to global warming.
But Benito Mueller, a director at the Oxford Institute for Energy Studies, dismissed the concept of food miles as "an extremely oversimplified indicator" of ecological impact. Saying he was "really angry" with the implicit message that agricultural produce from Africa should be avoided, Mueller claimed that less greenhouse gas emissions are often emitted from the cultivation and transport of such goods than they would be if grown in Europe. Strawberries imported from Kenya during the winter, he maintained, have a lower "carbon footprint," a measure to ascertain the effect of a method of production on the environment - than those grown in a heated British greenhouse, even when their transport by air from Africa is taken into account. Mueller argued that African farmers should not suffer because of efforts to cut discharge of carbon dioxide, the main gas triggering climate change. Britain, he added, is responsible for 50 times more greenhouse gas emissions than Kenya.
Efforts to increase the use of biofuels were also called into question at a February 13 conference organised by the Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Co-operation, a body dealing with relations between Europe and some 80 African, Caribbean and Pacific countries. The European Union has set itself a target that biofuels should provide 10 per cent of the energy needed to power cars and other modes of transport by 2020, despite growing doubts over whether it is wise to rely so heavily on these fuels.
Two new papers published in Science magazine have calculated that production of the most popular forms of biofuels causes a major increase in greenhouse gas emissions because of land clearance. Palm oil, a key biofuel used in European cars, is produced through the deforestation on lands rich in peat. It would take an estimated 840 years to claw back the amount of carbon dioxide released from that process, according to scientists, through the eventual reduction of greenhouse gas emissions caused by using biofuels rather than conventional petrol or diesel.
Mark Rosegrant from the Washington-based International Food Policy Research Institute cited worries that land that should be used to grow food for the poor and hungry is instead being used for biofuels. "The continued expansion of biofuels is increasing food prices and increasing malnutrition in a number of developing countries," he said.
The media have noted only the drastic cuts in emissions that the Garnaut report said would be needed. But that pesky Andrew Bolt has looked at the report in detail:
KEVIN Rudd's global warming adviser has had a rude surprise. Professor Ross Garnaut has invigorated a debate on catastrophic man-made global warming that Al Gore, and most journalists and politicians, keep claiming was over years ago. In fact, he's even wondering if some scientists have played funny buggers.
Garnaut, hired to tell Labor how to cut greenhouse gases, yesterday released his interim report, saying most scientists felt we were running out of time: "The world is moving towards high risks of dangerous climate change more rapidly than has generally been understood." This was honey to alarmists, but Garnaut also admits his review of the global warming science "takes the work of the IPCC as its starting point".
That's a problem. This Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change is the United Nations body that persuaded governments we're doomed unless we get less gassy. But Garnaut concedes the IPCC has in fact been accused - not least by an all-party British House of Lords inquiry into climate change - of using dodgy science, excluding dissenters and sexying up findings. Or in Garnaut's more polite words, of lacking "objectivity" and giving in to "political considerations".
As Garnaut says, its critics include top scientists such as hurricane expert Chris Landsea, who quit the IPCC to protest (in Garnaut's words) the "mispresentation of climate science" by colleagues.What's more, despite claims the "science is settled", Garnaut found the science of man-made warming was of a "qualified and contested nature", and he was in "no position to adjudicate on the relative merits of various expert scientific opinions". He just had to go "on the balance of probabilities" - with this controversial IPCC and the majority of scientists whose views it represented.
But he urged that the global debate be made "open to alternative perspectives beyond the IPCC", and said he'd recommend a "strengthening (of) the pluralist character of the Australian research efforts".
Meanwhile, Britain's Hadley Centre reports a global drop in temperature in the past 12 months, backing up predictions that 1998 will still remain the hottest year on record. No one knows if global warming has stopped. But with even Garnaut wanting a more balanced debate, it's best to be wary of the people shouting once more that it's time to panic.
Environmental activists might wonder what in the world do UFOs have to do with massive global environmental degradation in general and global warming in particular. Many of us in the UFO/ET community are beginning to make that connection and as that knowledge spreads beyond the UFO community environmental activist leaders will begin to grasp the connection.
The fact is that environmentalists are well behind the learning curve as compared to world peace activists. We in exopolitics now realize that there have been two major national and global entrenched interests that stand out in suppressing extraterrestrial realities. One is the fossil fuels industry and the other is the arms industry. We now realize that in the 1950s if ET reality had become public knowledge both these industries would have been devastated just as had the gas light industry when the electric light bulb came into widespread use.
These industries as well as other special interest came in early to suppress extraterrestrial knowledge out of self interest once the military and the intelligence community understood the situation. This has resulted in a 60 year old cover up and propaganda campaign of denial and ridicule that has brainwashed world populations placing them in denial of extraterrestrial realities.
Ah, I knew it must have been a UFO that's been causing all that "global warming". My own years of earnest, exopolitical research have revealed the following vital information, which I can now bring out from behind the veil of high-level international secrecy and reveal to the public for the first time.
The UFO in question is pretty big, and powerful beyond our imagining. It has the mass of 8 billion Earths. Something like that, anyhow. Even though it's a whole astromonomical unit away from us - yup, a whopping 8 light-minutes - it is causing serious warming throughout our planet, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. It's so massive that, even though it's so far from us, its apparent size (if you dare to look at it) is exactly - and I mean exactly the same as our Moon. I mean, how's that for an astronomical coincidence?
Of course, it's not a coincidence at all. It's a sinister alien plot to dominate the world. People are already getting cancer from it. How do I know it's all a conspiracy? How do I know that the aliens have already joined forces with evil capitalist interests on Planet Earth? Simple. The official body in charge of finding the cause of the "global warming" that started in 1700 and ended in 1998 pretends that the UFO doesn't exist - or that, if it does exist, it can't have much to do with climate change.
And Al Gore, who has a huge financial interest in the "global warming" industry, with his Generation Investment Management corporation, and all that stuff, I mean, like, he never even mentions it, the UFO, I mean, when he talks about "global warming". I mean, who do these people think they're fooling? I know the truth, and just because governments round the world are all covering up the true effect of this huge UFO on the whole world's climate, I'm not just going to stand there and let them get away with this massive cover-up. No way, Jose! It's an outrage, that's what it is. Don't they realize how much it's going to cost us if they don't come out into the open and admit that it's the UFO that's the real cause of "global warming"? I mean, what's the point of all that carbon trading if its the UFO that's to blame.
I've even decoded the CIA's secret transmissions using my Secret Agent's Abacus, and I've worked out what the UFO is called. In English, it has a three-letter name. The first letter sounds like the middle letter of "UFO", and is often confused with it in telephone conversations. The second letter of the English name of the UFO is the same as the first letter of "UFO". And - get this - to find the third letter of the English name of the UFO, all you do is a simple one-place retro alphabet-shift of the third letter of "UFO", and you get The Answer!
No, no, how stupid can you be? It's not called "SUV". Close, baby, but no cigar. SUVs aren't the problem. And don't think the rest of the planetary nexus is getting away without being affected. There's been "global warming" on Mars, too. And on Jupiter, by Jupiter! And on Neptune's largest moon. And even on distant Pluto. Bet you haven't seen any of that in your local newspaper! Or on the BBC! New York Times? Forget it! And it's not all those 4x4s and farting cows that are to blame.
No, it's that UFO. You know, this is the biggest thing in our Solar System. It really, truly is. Honest. I mean it. Really. Cross my heart and hope to drown in a 20ft sea-level rise.
You are disclosing TOP SECRET information here. Have you had clearance from MI5 and MI6, the CIA and FBI to divulge such sensitive information to the rest of the world?! What are we to make of this revelation? Before reading about your UFO, I was comfortable in knowing that is was my SUV and my neighbour's SUV that were the baddies on the block, but now you are saying that it is the big bad UFO that is messing with us. How are we to disable this UFO? Maybe we should get the United Nations involved? I hear that they have an excellent record in dealing with trouble spots and use proper scientific methods to investigate cause and effect phenomenon. Maybe we should tell the President, does he know or even understand the effect that this UFO has on the world? Maybe he can send some troops to sort it out? I anxiously await further updates on what must surely now be called an IFO - identified flying object.
British explorers in West Antarctica reported glacier movement in the region has picked up by a startling seven percent this season, a development, they said, which could lead to a significant rise in sea level.
David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey said the team found new evidence from group of glaciers in West Antarctica which cover an area the size of Texas. He said the glaciers, particularly the Pine Island Glacier, has surged sharply in speed towards the ocean-- and it's not because of global warming.
Throughout the 1990s, according to satellite measurements, the glacier was accelerating by around one percent a year. The British team said it now seems to have accelerated by seven percent in a single season, sending more and more ice into the ocean. "The measurements from last season seem to show an incredible acceleration, a rate of up to seven percent. That is far greater than the accelerations they were getting excited about in the 1990s," said team member Julian Scott.
The Pine Island Glacier is a couple of kilometers thick, 30 kilometer wide and is moving at 3.5km per year. Team member Julian Scott theorized that global warming is not the cause. He said it could be a deep ocean current channeling into the continental shelf close to the mouth of the glacier; or, geothermal activity.
Scott's research revealed evidence of a volcano that erupted through the ice about 2,000 years ago. The whole region could be volcanically active and could possibly be releasing geothermal heat to melt the base of the ice and help its slide towards the sea.
If the glacier continues to surge and discharge most of its ice into the sea, the Pine Island Glacier alone could raise global sea level by 25 centimeter. If the entire region were to lose its ice, the sea would rise by 1.5 meters worldwide.
George Taylor has too much class to complain in public, so he's retiring instead as the state climatologist and head of the Oregon Climate Service at Oregon State University.
For several years now he has been under fire and sometimes personal attacks because his views on the causes of global warming differ from those that now have become the conventional wisdom. He thinks natural causes such as solar radiation and long-term cycles in the world's climate play a bigger role than the greenhouse gases that are increasingly put in the atmosphere by industrial society.
Instead of being proved wrong by convincing evidence, he's been condemned or even ridiculed. Last year, Governor Kulongoski let it be known that it was embarrassing to have a state climatologist at odds with the warming theories on which he was basing the state's energy policies. The legislature made sure that Taylor would be sidelined. It approved a new climate research center to be based at OSU, and charged it with pretty much the same tasks as the one a previous law had spelled out for the service headed by Taylor.
A man can buck the bureaucracy and the establishment for only so long. Then it makes sense to take a different route. That's what Taylor is now doing. Don't expect him to complain about being pushed out, or about being unfairly treated. He is far too good-natured and smart for that. Taylor has a solid reputation as an expert on Oregon weather whose long-term forecasts are right far more often than they are wrong. And the good news is that he'll still be around.
Getting away from the university and the state government may give Taylor a chance to be more outspoken on climate issues than he has been so far, especially in recent months, when he had been lying kind of low.So we hope that now and then, when a counterpoint to the popular wisdom would be particularly interesting and instructive, he'll not be shy about letting the public in on what he knows.
Flush with success in creating an atom bomb, the U.S. federal government decided it should start funding non-military scientific research. A government report titled "Science, the Endless Frontier" provides the justification for doing this. It makes the case that "science is the responsibility of government because new scientific knowledge vitally affects our health, our jobs, and our national security" (Bush, 1945). Accordingly, the government established a Research Grants Office in January, 1946 to award grants for research in the biomedical and physical sciences. It received 800 grant applications that year. The Research Grants Office is now known as the Center for Scientific Review (CSR), and it processes applications submitted to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and other agencies in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). In 2005 CSR received 80,000 grant applications.
With a budget of $28 billion, the director of NIH reports that it currently funds 22 percent of all the grant applications it reviews (Zerhouni, 2006). Among these, multi-year R01 grants are the mainstay of research by medical school faculties. And in 2005, the NIH funded only one in eleven (9.1%) of the unsolicited R01 research grant applications it reviewed (Mandel and Vesell, 2006). In 1998 the NIH funded 31 percent of its grant applications, and since 2003 grant appropriations have lagged behind inflation (Zerhouni, 2006). The National Science Foundation awards $6 Billion in grants each year. This independent federal agency funds 28 percent of the 40,000 annual grant proposals it receives.
Twenty-six federal granting agencies now manage 1,000 grant programs. Even clinical trials of drugs, vaccines, and devices, where industry may profit from the outcome, have come under the purview of government. Zarin and colleagues (2005) reviewed ClinicalTrials.gov records and found that the federal government currently funds 9,796 (51%) of the 19,355 interventional trials being conducted. Industry sponsors 4,734 (24%); and universities, foundations, and other organizations, 4,825 (25%).
Ethics in science and society "describe appropriate behavior according to contemporary standards" (Friedman, 1996). Two standards that scientists follow for writing grant proposals are: 1) Keep it safe and survive, and 2) Don't lie if you don't have to.
Pollack (2005) addresses the first ethic, noting that the paramount motivational factor for scientists today is the competition to survive. A scientist's most pressing need, which supersedes the scientific pursuit of truth, is to get her grant funded - to pay her salary and that of her staff, to pay department bills, and to obtain academic promotion. The safest way to generate grants is to avoid any dissent from orthodoxy. Grant-review Study Sections whose members' expertise and status are tied to the prevailing view do not welcome any challenge to it. A scientist who writes a grant proposal that dissents from the ruling paradigm will be left without a grant. Speaking for his fellow scientists Pollack writes, "We have evolved into a culture of obedient sycophants, bowing politely to the high priests of orthodoxy."
Applicants following the ethic of "keep it safe and survive" propose research that will please the reader-peers and avoid projects that might displease them. An NIH pamphlet on grant applications reinforces such behavior by stating, "The author of a project proposal must learn all he can about those who will read his proposal and keep those readers constantly in mind when he writes." (Ling, 2004a).
With regard to the second ethic, Albert Szent-Gyorgyi said, "I always tried to live up to Leo Szilard's commandment, `don't lie if you don't have to.' I had to. I filled up pages with words and plans I know I would not follow. When I go home from my laboratory in the late afternoon, I often do not know what I am going to do the next day. I expect to think that up during the night. How could I tell them what I would do a year hence?" (Moss, 1988, p.217). This long-time cancer researcher, discoverer of vitamin C, and Nobel laureate was unable, despite multiple attempts, to obtain a government grant.
Friedman (1996) describes a variant of this ethic where an investigator applies for a grant to do a study that he has already completed. With this grant awarded and money in hand he publishes the study and uses the funds on a different project. The misrepresentation enables the investigator to remain one project ahead of his funding. Apparently enough seasoned investigators do this that the academic community views the practice as sound "grantsmanship."
When the peer review grant system was established in 1946 people assumed that scientific progress occurs in an evolutionary incremental and cumulative fashion. Having a panel of experts judge the worth of each research proposal seeking funds seemed then to be the best way to allocate federal tax dollars for research. This system assumes that a majority of specialists in a given field will know where truth lies and how best to get there and find it (Ling, 2004b). But as Hall (1954) and Kuhn (1962) later showed, periodic upheavals and revolutions in science disrupt an otherwise steady growth of scientific knowledge. Long-cherished ideas are replaced wholesale by new ones that lead science in a different direction.
The grant system fosters an Apollonian approach to research. The investigator does not question the foundation concepts of biomedical and physical scientific knowledge. He sticks to the widely held belief that the trunks and limbs of the trees of knowledge, in, for example, cell physiology and on AIDS, are solid. The Apollonian researcher focuses on the peripheral branches and twigs and develops established lines of knowledge to perfection. He sees clearly what course his research should take and writes grants that his peers are willing to fund. Forced by the existing grant system to follow such an approach, Pollack (2005) argues that scientists have defaulted into becoming a culture of believers without rethinking the fundamentals.
Intuitive geniuses, like Thomas Edison, Louis Pasteur, Ernest Rutherford, and Albert Einstein, take a Dionysian, transformational approach to science. Their research relies on intuition and "accidental" discoveries. Szent-Gyorgyi describes intuition as "a sort of subconscious reasoning, only the end result of which becomes conscious." The Dionysian scientist knows the direction he wants to follow into the unknown, but "he has no idea what he is going to find there or how he is going to find it. Defining the unknown or writing down the subconscious is a contradiction in absurdum." And, citing Pasteur, who said, "A discovery is an accident finding a prepared mind," Szent-Gyorgyi notes that "accidental" discoveries are rarely true accidents (Moss, 1988, pp. 216-217).
Although it is the Dionysian method of research that produces transformative scientific breakthroughs, peers possessing the power to judge grants do not support this kind of research. They abuse the trust and power of government, which does not know science, to advance their own careers and, in some cases, protect their investments in companies that profit from the reigning paradigm. Knowing this government might be more amenable to supporting potentially transformative, Dionysian research.
To make matters worse, this system is replacing other sources of funding that formerly supported Dionysian scientists. Ling (2004b) observes, "Oversupply of scientists, the rising cost of living and of research, the decline of private foundations and scientific niches which these foundations once sustained [has] completed the dismantling of the socio-economic environment which once protected revolutionary scientists and their young followers."
* The damaging effects of toxins are dose-dependent in a linear fashion down to zero. Even a tiny amount of a toxin, such as radiation or cigarette smoke, will harm some people.
* The membrane-pump theory of cell physiology based on the concept that cells are aqueous solutions enclosed by a cell membrane.
Scientists that question these state-sanctioned paradigms are denied grants and silenced (Moran 1998). But valid questions nevertheless have been raised about each of these established orthodoxies.
* The idea that cholesterol causes coronary heart disease is now close to being dogma, and investigators that question the lipid hypothesis need not apply for funding. But there is growing evidence that the hypothesis is wrong, as Ravnskov (2000) documents in The Cholesterol Myths.
* The human-caused global-warming paradigm is most likely false (Soon et al., 2001; Editorial, 2006). Two climate astrophysicists, Willie Soon and Sallie Baliunas, present evidence that shows the climate of the 20th century fell within the range experienced during the past 1,000 years. Compared with other centuries, it was not unusual (Soon and Baliunas, 2003). Unable to obtain grants from NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration), Soon (personal communication, August 31, 2006) observes that NASA funds programs mainly on social-political reasoning rather than science.
* Duesberg (1996), Hodgkinson (2003), Lang (1993-2005), Liversidge (2001/2002), Maggiore (2000), and Miller (2006), among others, have questioned the germ theory of AIDS. All 30 diseases (which includes an asymptomatic low T-cell count) in the syndrome called AIDS existed before HIV was discovered and still occur without antibodies to this virus being present. At a press conference in 1984 government officials announced that a newly discovered retrovirus, HIV, is the probable cause of AIDS, which at that time numbered 12 diseases (Duesberg, 1995, p. 5). Soon thereafter "HIV causes AIDS" achieved paradigm status. But, beginning with Peter Duesberg, Professor of Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of California, Berkeley, a growing number of scientists, physicians, investigative journalists, and HIV positive people have concluded that HIV/AIDS is a false paradigm.
The NIH awarded Duesberg a long-term Outstanding Investigator Grant and a Fogarty fellowship to spend a year on the NIH campus studying cancer genes, and he was nominated for a Nobel Prize. When Duesberg publicly rejected the HIV/AIDS paradigm the NIH and other funding agencies ceased awarding him grants. Government-appointed peer reviewers have rejected his last 24 grant applications. Peter Duesberg (personal communication, September 20, 2006) writes: When I was the blue-eyed boy finding oncogenes and "deadly" viruses, I was 100% fundable. Since I questioned the HIV-AIDS hypothesis of the NIH's Dr. Gallo, and then the cancer-oncogene hypothesis of Bishop-Varmus-Weinberg-Vogelstein etc. I became 100% unfundable. I was transformed from a virus- and cancer-chasing Angel to `Lucifer'."
* Rather than being harmful, as predicted by the linear no threshold hypothesis, low doses of radiation are actually beneficial (Calabrese, 2005; Hiserodt, 2005). Its beneficial effect is based on hormesis, where radiation in small doses stimulates immune system defenses, prevents oxidative DNA damages, and suppresses cancer. The dose must exceed a certain threshold to stop having a simulative and start having an inhibitory effect on the body and become toxic - and in high doses, fatal (Miller, 2004).
* Research in cell physiology is based on the concept that the cell, the basic structural unit that makes up all living things, is an aqueous solution of chemicals enclosed within a cell membrane. Drug research adheres to the concept that a drug's action is mediated by fitting into a specific receptor site on the cell membrane. Ling (2001) and Pollack (2001), however, make a strong case that the membrane paradigm of cell physiology is wrong. They show that cell function does not depend on the integrity of the cell membrane, and membrane pumps and channels are not what they seem. These investigators hypothesize that the three main components of a living cell - proteins, water, and potassium ions - are structured together in a gel-like matrix, where the cell's water is organized into layers alongside proteins.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a product of this view of cell physiology, known as the association-induction hypothesis, which was first proposed by Gilbert Ling in 1962. For more than 45 years government granting agencies, guided by their "expert" peer-reviewers' verdicts, have refused to provide funds for this pioneering investigator to pursue research on this hypothesis, even after it brought about the important medical technology of MRI (Ling 2004b). Despite multiple attempts, Gerald Pollack (personal communication, September 13, 2006) also has been unable to obtain government grants to conduct research on this alternative hypothesis of cell physiology.
Peer review enforces state-sanctioned paradigms. Pollack (2005) likens it to a trial where the defendant judges the plaintiff. Grant review panels defending the orthodox view control the grant lifeline and can sentence a challenger to "no grant." Deprived of funds the plaintiff-challenger is forced to shut down her lab and withdraw. Conlan (1976) characterizes the peer-review grant system as an "incestuous `buddy system' that stifles new ideas and scientific breakthroughs."
Science is self-correcting and, in time, errors are eliminated, or so we are taught. But now with a centralized bureaucracy controlling science, perhaps this rhetoric is "just wishful thinking" (Hillman, 1996, p.102). Freedom to dissent is an essential ingredient of societal health. Braben (2004) contends that suppressing challenges to established orthodoxy sets a society on a path to its doom.
On a number of occasions, I have pointed out that the elitists who are pushing the biggest "environmentalist" agendas like global warming have no intention of living with the limits they plan on imposing on the less-than-elite. The phrase I use for that is that they will "wave from the limousine" as they pass the shivering masses. I expect a rousing chorus of "told ya so."
Ministers are using a secret limousine service to ferry them around the country, a Mail on Sunday investigation has discovered. Senior Labour figures are quietly using 60,000 pound ($120,000) gas-guzzlers to whisk them around in comfort - despite claims that politicians have switched to smaller, cheaper models that are less damaging to the environment. Among the prominent politicians using the secret luxury car service is the Speaker Michael Martin and his wife Mary, who travel regularly in top-ofthe- range Mercedes and Jaguars.
This newspaper has established that a fleet of expensive cars operates discreetly from South London, away from the Westminster base of the official Government Car Service. Kelly Executive earns 500,000 pounds a year carrying out up to 50 journeys a day for politicians, including the Speaker, from its fleet of 30 chauffeur-driven limos. The Government also uses a number of similar private companies in other cities. Ministers and Labour MPs such as Mr Martin frequently use the firms to pick them up from the airport and take them home. Significantly, none of the limousines appears on the public list of cars in the official Government car pool, which handles the transport arrangements for Ministers and civil servants.
Last year the Government announced it had spent 900,000 pounds buying 110 hybrid-engined cars for the Government Car and Despatch Agency to cut down on carbon-dioxide emissions, to show voters that it was doing its bit to save the planet. However, it is an open secret that many Ministers do not like the Toyota Prius - of which 98 were bought. It has been nicknamed "the milk float" by Government drivers who say the car is slow and has a "tinny rattle". Ministers privately complain that they miss the comfort of the executive cars that the Prius replaced.
Kelly Executive has 20 S-class Mercedes, which emit up to 355g of CO2 per kilometre - well above the 226g level at which London Mayor Ken Livingstone has levied a new environment-driven congestion charge of 25 pounds a day.
The Speaker uses Kelly Executive in London, but when travelling to his constituency home in Glasgow he favours local company Little's Chauffeur Drive, which boasts of "utmost discretion and an impeccable chauffeuring service" used by "the world's most important people".
Yes, indeed. They will tout their carbon-neutrality while riding in the finest - and least eco-friendly - cars. No worries. They'll wave if you can see them through the blackout windows. Meanwhile, in other "eco-friendly" news, the Telegraph points out that "fair trade" coffee is anything but.
"Fairtrade purports to work within the market economy but its rise has been largely based on marketing subsidies and public-sector procurement," says Tom Clougherty, policy director of the Adam Smith Institute. Despite huge pressures on the public purse, local councils are squandering large sums becoming Fairtrade towns and cities, distributing posters and leaflets to nanny people into only buying Fairtrade. Meanwhile, the Fairtrade Foundation has received over 1.5m pounds from the Department for International Development. It wants more. In December, reminiscent of 1970s-style industrial policy, it called for 50m of development aid to be spent as "strategic investment" on Fairtrade.
Monday sees the start of Fairtrade Fortnight, the time each year when we are hectored into paying more for a cup of coffee. Charities, politicians and primary school teachers will deliver the scheme as an undisputed good. With all this effort, it is a pity Fairtrade does not work.
Fairtrade's supporters blame the plight of coffee farmers on world prices and ruthless multinational companies. But supporters ignore the real causes of poverty among growers. Farmers I interviewed in Kenya told me that the problems they face are not caused by global influences but their own government's interference. They are forced to use milling companies granted regional monopolies, who fleece them. They want to boost productivity by using fertiliser, but they cannot afford the inflated prices demanded by the government fertiliser monopoly. Imported tools and machinery would transform their output but are subject to punitive tariffs. Police roadblocks slow their goods and involve money exchanging hands.
On top of that, the growers selling to fair trade programs are also selling on the free market. The free market pays premium for high quality so the best beans are sent to the free market. The leftovers are sent to the "fair trade" market to garner the guaranteed higher-than-market value prices. It has never been easier - or more lucrative - to rape the planet.
The Christchurch glossy lifestyle monthly magazine AVENUES has taken the laudable initiative of starting a debate on global warming, which will run over 5 months. Dr Gerrit van der Lingen was invited to write the first article, titled "Global Warming and Cooling", which appeared in the February issue. With an editorial introduction and some photographs added by the magazine, it covered 8 pages. Unfortunately, the magazine does not make its articles available on its website. Dr Gerrit van der Lingen studied geology at Utrecht University in The Netherlands. From 1991 to 2002 he was involved in paleoclimate research, studying ocean sediment cores from the Tasman Sea and Southern Ocean. He has now retired from paid research. Another instance of it being only the oldies who can afford to speak out. A few excerpts from his article below
Polar bears have become the poster animals of the catastrophic MMGW movement, like the panda is for the World Wide Fund for Nature. Many environmental organisations are predicting the imminent extinction of polar bears because of MMGW. The Australian activist Tim Flannery recently predicted that polar bears could be extinct in 25 years.
However, as with so many of the `predictions' by global warming alarmists, a reality check shows this to be highly unlikely. First, some facts from the real world. Yes, the Arctic has been warming. However, it was warmer in the thirties and forties. The North-West Passage was open to shipping in 1945 and Amundsen sailed through it in 1903. Much of the Arctic sea ice had also disappeared in 1817. There seems to be a natural variation between warming and cooling.
Sixty years ago, polar bear numbers had decreased to about 5000, mainly due to hunting. Since then hunting has been more strictly controlled and numbers have increased to about 25,000. According to research by the US Geological Survey, polar bear numbers may be near historic highs. Of the thirteen polar bear populations in Canada (home to two-thirds of the world's polar bears), eleven are stable or increasing in numbers. Notwithstanding this, some environmental organisations want to have polar bears listed as `threatened.' Their arguments are not based on real-world data, but on predictions from non-validated computer models.
But just assuming for a moment that people like Flannery are right about the imminent demise of the polar bear. That would mean that polar bears must have become extinct many times before, during the last interglacial (when it was 4 to 5 degrees warmer than today for thousands of years), during the Holocene Climatic Optimum (4000-7000 years ago), and during the Minoan, Roman and Medieval Warm Periods. Why would it be that the polar bears are still with us? The answer is obvious. Like most bears they are very adaptable. For instance, their food sources range from seals to berry fruits.
We are being told that many glaciers around the world are retreating and that this is caused by MMGW. Yes, most glaciers (and ice caps) have been melting, but they have been doing this for the last 18,000 years (since the so-called Last Glacial Maximum), resulting in a sea level rise of 120 metres(!). But there have also been periods of cooling during the present Interglacial warm epoch, like during the Little Ice Age (1300 to 1850 AD), when glaciers advanced again.
But many glaciers must have anticipated the coming MMGW, as they started to retreat already, well before greenhouse gases started to increase. For instance, the Franz Josef Glacier started to retreat in 1750 and the Himalayan Gangotry Glacier in 1780. I already mentioned the snow cap on Kilimanjaro. I therefore call these glaciers `psychic.'
From the British High Court and Lord Monckton's identification of many (and no doubt deliberate) errors in Al Gore's movie, it's clear that his movie can be classified as a propaganda documentary. During the court case, council for the claimant drew comparisons with Nazi and Leninist/Stalinist propaganda films. Although this seems a bit far-fetched, one cannot help but draw comparisons with that (in)famous Nazi propaganda film, Triumph of the Will (Triumph des Willens), made by the legendary German film-maker Leni Riefenstahl.
Her propaganda documentary of the 1934 Nuremberg Rally of the Nazi Party was made on the order of Hitler. It was a slick, superbly made film, setting new technical and artistic standards for documentary film-making, notwithstanding the fact that it was blatant Nazi propaganda. It was awarded several international film awards. As such it can be compared with Gore's movie, which is also a very well-made, slick propaganda movie, rewarded with an Oscar.
There are other parallels. Riefenstahl's film was shown in German cities to record audiences and, like in the U.K., school children were obliged to see it. However, there is one major difference. Riefenstahl's film was in German and was mainly shown to the German public, and as such can be considered as having had limited propaganda value in a global sense. Gore's movie, on the other hand, has a huge global propaganda reach.
Several commentators have pointed to more sinister aspects of the present MMGW hysteria. Proposals made to curb greenhouse gas emissions will result in a substantial reduction of democratic and personal freedoms. For instance, the British Government has proposed measures along the lines of what is called "Contraction and Conversion" (see www.gci.org.uk/main.html). Under this system, each individual on Earth would be allocated a permit to emit an equal amount of greenhouse gas. This means that an Amerindian in the warm Amazon jungle would be allocated the same allowance as a person in cold Helsinki. If the person in Helsinki wants to use more than the person in the Amazon, he would have to buy emission permits from the Amazonian. This system is proposed under the principle of global equity. This would mean a return to war-time ration books. Almost all human activities would be strictly controlled, from air travel (air miles), to food consumption patterns (food miles), to the choice of cars, housing, etc. All this would require an immense, all-pervasive, global, bureaucratic control and administration system. Stalin and Hitler would have been green with envy. All these measures will also put severe breaks on economic developments. The cost of living will go up dramatically and poor people will be hit the hardest.
There are other matters in the MMGW debate that hark back to the Nazi era. People who dare to criticise the catastrophic MMGW dogma have been compared to Holocaust deniers. Even worse, some MMGW promotors are demanding that these `deniers' should be dragged before a Nuremberg-type tribunal. They maintain that "the science has been settled." Apart from the fact that science is never settled, they refuse to debate the science in public. Several prominent academics have challenged Al Gore to a public, televised debate. He always refuses. This is not surprising, as he must know that he cannot win such a debate.
The simple truth is that there is no scientific evidence for catastrophic global warming caused by human carbon dioxide emissions. The only `evidence' is based entirely on computer models. Because climate is a chaotic, non-linear system, it does not lend itself to computer modelling. No wonder these models give wildly different results. They depend on what initial parameters are being used. Such parameters can be tweaked to obtain the desired outcome. I therefore call these modellers `tweakers.' Their virtual world has nothing to do with the real world.
Nature refuses to obey the IPCC and its computer models. Take for instance the temperature record of Christchurch for the last one hundred years. Temperatures have fluctuated, but there has been no overall increase. Global warming is passing us by.
MMGW believers also spread the myth that there is virtual unanimity among scientists that human carbon dioxide emissions are causing catastrophic global warming. Nothing could be further from the truth. There are thousands of scientists who disagree with this dogma and hundreds of them are actively involved in debating the science. In New Zealand they have organised themselves in the New Zealand Climate Science Coalition (www.climatescience.org.nz).
There is no correlation at all between temperature and carbon dioxide. In recent years many peer-reviewed, scientific articles have been published, pointing to good correlations between the present 11-year sunspot cycle and various weather patterns, such as rainfall. Climate is extremely complex. It would take me far too long to discuss other important natural factors, like El Ninos and La Ninas. Climate science is still in its infancy. The IPCC and its accolytes are doing science a big disservice by basically saying that the natural causes of climate change in the past have stopped working, and have now been replaced by a simplistic, singular cause: human carbon dioxide emissions.
As it is very likely (to borrow a favourite term from the IPCC) that the sun is the major driver of climate change -- always has been and always will be -- one wonders what the future holds. Astrophysicists from the UK, Finland, The Netherlands, Germany and Russia have been predicting that we are entering a cooling period, because of an anticipated decrease in solar activity. Their opinion is based on the analysis of sunspot cycles. Such an analysis has a large degree of uncertainty, of course. But world temperatures have not gone up over the last eight years (Figure 1D) while carbon dioxide levels have.
Two months ago, the European Alps received the largest snow dump in forty years. South America just went through its coldest winter in decades. Sea ice around the Antarctic reached its largest extent since satellite measurements began in 1979. On January 11 it snowed in Baghdad, an event not seen in living memory. All this could still be coincidental, of course. The belief that we can control the climate is too absurd for words. All we can do is try to adapt to climate change, be it warming or cooling.
Drought. War. Poverty. These are leading causes of hunger, according to the United Nations. Soon we may add another. Ethanol. Across the globe, people are discovering it's a new contributor to world hunger. Led by the United States, governments are paying companies billions to make ethanol from corn and other crops. The result: these crops are diverted from the food supply, creating artificial shortages and higher prices.
Even record harvests haven't suppressed food prices. Instead, prices are soaring to all-time highs. Corn that traded around $2 a bushel just two years ago is now well over $5 a bushel. The impact ripples through the food chain of milk, butter, eggs, flour, pasta and everything else, because dairy cattle, beef cattle, poultry and swine depend on the corn for their feed. When chicken feed doesn't cost chicken feed anymore, then neither does anything else. Other grains, like wheat, are also at record highs because farmers are planting less wheat and more corn, thanks to the ethanol incentives. Less supply, plus more world demand, means higher prices for wheat products, too, from flour to bread to pasta.
Full-scale food riots may arise in some parts of the world, as more and more grain is diverted into fuel production. The Earth Policy Institute reports that ethanol-related food protests occurred last year in Mexico, Italy, Pakistan and Indonesia. A price-driven stampede killed three and injured 31 at a supermarket in China. "We are witnessing the beginning of one of the great tragedies of history," the EPI proclaimed in January. "The United States, in a misguided effort to reduce its oil insecurity by converting grain into fuel for cars, is generating global food insecurity on a scale never seen before."
This problem became five times worse in December when the new "energy bill" became law. It dictates that Washington will pay a 51-cent-a-gallon subsidy on 36 billion gallons of ethanol each year, up from the previous 7.5 billion gallon limit. Even before this incentive expanded, official U.S. Department of Agriculture reports showed that ethanol was "eating up" 20 percent of the corn grown in America in 2006 - up from 6 percent in 2000 - a figure expected to rise in 2008 to 25 percent.
A 2007 report from International Food Policy Research Institute, or IFPRI, concludes that "Biofuel production currently adversely affects the poor through price-level and price-volatility effects." IFPRI's report also noted, "Since the beginning of 2000, butter and milk prices have tripled, and poultry prices have almost doubled." EPI's president, Lester R. Brown, says, "We're putting the supermarket in competition with the corner filling station for the output of the farm. The result is that more people will go hungry."
As a Purdue University study noted, "This leap in corn prices is leading to an emerging opposition to ethanol subsidies on the part of animal agriculture, export markets and other corn users." Those groups have created a coalition to spotlight the ever-widening costs of ethanol, including a website at http://www.balancedfoodandfuel.org/.
As oil prices approached $100 per barrel, market incentives for producing more ethanol increased dramatically. But that wasn't enough to satisfy the subsidy lobby. Hence they pressed Washington to decree that we must use five times more ethanol and pay them for the privilege. That will raise the annual taxpayer-paid subsidy to over $18 billion per year, even though they're already profitable thanks to high oil prices. The energy bill converts ethanol manufacturers' simple profits into super-profits, at taxpayer expense. Yet somehow they've escaped headlines - and the outrage - oil profits attract.
Gradually, however, the media are "discovering" that ethanol subsidies are sending the worldwide cost of food through the kitchen ceiling. USA Today reported, "In a bid to reduce oil dependence, many countries are requiring additional use of biofuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel. That, in turn, competes with food destined for the table - and increases the prices of what consumers eat."
Americans won't starve because we have better supplies than the Third World does. But as the Christian Science Monitor recently reported, "As usual, it is the poorest people in the world who suffer most, because food takes up a bigger share of their daily shopping bill than it does for richer people." That prompted the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization to issue "warnings about the dangers of turning too much food into fuel." Their conclusion? "The era of cheap food is over."
Ethanol advocates are also promoting other biofuels whose cellulose can be used in place of corn. But the "food vs. fuel" problem isn't solved if farmers remove acreage from corn production to plant these instead. The ethanol lobby claims that the higher costs of food are being pushed mostly by the higher costs of energy. Of course, subsidizing ethanol while suppressing domestic oil and gas drilling and halting construction of oil refineries and nuclear power plants is a big reason why energy costs keep climbing!
As usual, free enterprise offers the best solution. As The Heritage Foundation's Ben Lieberman and others have suggested, we should be repealing the ethanol man-date instead of expanding it. Taxpayers would save billions that now flow out of the federal Treasury, plus our food would be more affordable. And the Third World wouldn't face as many food shortages.
Ending the subsidy is easier said than done, of course. As the New York Times has noted, the ethanol lobby is now "an entrenched political force." Years of multi-billion dollar subsidies have turned a small group into a wealthy and effective lobby on Capitol Hill. Washington should give an ear to some common sense instead. But expecting that to happen may be just plain ... corny.
Ignore the panicky headlines about a new UK government report on higher temperatures in Britain - it actually contained good news.
`Climate change soon could kill thousands in UK', declared the Guardian in a news item about a new report from two UK health bodies, the Department of Health (DoH) and the Health Protection Agency (HPA). But even a quick glance at the report itself suggests this is a rather misleading summary. In fact, the report suggests that, on balance, a warmer climate will be good news - for the UK, at least.
Health Effects of Climate Change in the UK 2008 is an update on an earlier report published in 2002. It looks at a range of areas that might be affected by rising temperatures: flooding and windstorms; vector-borne diseases like malaria and food-borne diseases like salmonellosis; water quality; the direct effect of temperature on health; air pollution; and sunshine.
The most recent reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) suggest that the world will continue getting warmer and that human activity plays a major part in this warming trend. The DoH/HPA report supports this view; by the end of the century, average temperatures in the UK may be two degrees Celsius warmer at night and four degrees Celsius warmer during the day. Cold spells will decrease in length while heatwaves will become longer and more intense. Rainfall may decrease in one or two areas, but isn't likely to change much overall. Flowing from this general outlook, the report notes:
* Floods will become less frequent in spring but more common in late summer, but few people die in such events and the wider health effects are uncertain;
* Outbreaks of insect-borne diseases will remain rare, and will be as much due to changes in land-use and activity - like spending more time in wooded areas - than climate change;
* Warm summers could increase the risk of food poisoning, so further improvements in food hygiene standards are desirable;
* The quality of untreated water might decline as more bacteria will be present, but this is `unlikely to pose a threat to well-managed water treatment plants';
* Air pollution problems caused by small particles, sulphur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide will be unaffected or will fall, but periods of high ground-level ozone will increase deaths and hospital admissions.
So, in most of these areas there is little to worry about. Some potential areas for improvement are identified, which is useful for health professionals, but no cause for the rest of us to be concerned.
Even in the area that the Guardian and others picked up on, the direct effect of temperatures, there is plenty of good news. As the Guardian says, the report suggests that the prospect of a serious heatwave in south-east England - possibly leading to 3,000 deaths - at some time in the next 10 years is about 25 per cent. Hence, the horror headlines.
However, actual experience over nearly 40 years suggests good news overall. For example, `mean annual heat-related mortality did not rise as summers warmed from 1971 to 2003'. That means we're able to adapt to warmer temperatures. Indeed, the authors note: `Heat-related mortalities are substantial throughout Europe, but the hot summers in southern Europe cause little more mortality than the milder summers of more northerly regions.' If we're prepared for warm weather and we take simple precautions, then heat shouldn't be a problem. So, for different UK regions, the authors estimate the following decline for hot weather-related fatalities (cases per million of population, 1971-2003):
Meanwhile, deaths due to cold weather fell dramatically - overall, by more than 33 per cent. Far more people are affected by cold snaps than by heatwaves, so the change is more significant than for hot-weather deaths. Here is how cold-weather deaths fell between 1971 and 2003:
We should be shouting this from the rooftops: far fewer people are dying because of the temperature than in the past. Milder winters are far more important than hotter summers in achieving this, along with other changes to how people live. Where there have been calamities, like the heatwave deaths in France in 2003, there have been other factors involved. In the case of France, the higher temperatures arrived just when the working population all went on holiday, leaving city-dwelling old people without anyone to keep an eye on them.
If warm weather is that bad, why does it seem to be the dream of every retiring person in Britain to move to the south coast or, better still, Spain or Australia? Unsurprisingly, in a temperate country accustomed to miserable weather, with cold winters and often poor-quality housing, higher temperatures are almost certain to have a net benefit for the UK. Yet this doesn't fit in with the general atmosphere of climate change alarmism that encloses newspapers like the Guardian. Even the BBC, which is hardly shy about climate alarmism, gave the story a more balanced headline: `Global warming "may cut deaths"'.
This report also brings into relief a side of the climate change debate that is under-discussed: the ability of society to adapt to changing weather patterns. A quick glance at the huge variety of human societies shows a capacity to operate successfully in a range of conditions. Bustling Bangkok rarely dips below 30 degrees Celsius while average temperatures in Moscow and Helsinki are in low single digits. Even in a single, very successful city like New York, temperatures can range from the bitterly cold in winter to the blazingly hot in summer. There is little or nothing that climate change can throw at us that we don't already deal with successfully.
If temperatures do change substantially over the next few decades, there will be some disruption and humanity will need to adapt to new problems, as it has always done. But in spite of all the gloom and doom about global warming, we can chill out about a warmer Britain.
It's small, it's cheap, it's low emission so... the arrival of the Tata Nano, India's new 'people's car', has been greeted by a wailing and a gnashing of the teeth from the environmental aristocracy. The prospect of millions of the global peasantry driving, emitting and pushing up 'our' gas prices is a nightmare. It promises to be, said Yale environmental law professor Daniel Esty, "an environmental disaster of substantial proportions."
In fact, the size, or even existence, of this environmental disaster is doubtful. A few millions of a car that emits 30 g CO2 per km simply isn't even an influence upon global CO2 emissions, let alone a disaster of even insubstantial portions. At that emission rate, doing 20,000 km a year each car will produce 600 kg of CO2: one hundred million of them on the roads would be less than 1 per cent of current emissions of over 6 Gtonnes. No, not substantial then.
But whether it is a substantial addition or not is dwarfed by the seeming ignorance of other commentators: "In none of our reports did we assume there'd be a car like this," said Judi Greenwald, a researcher with the Pew Center on Global Climate Change. Well, OK, cut Judi a little slack, no one did predict a car exactly like this: but everyone has indeed predicted that something similar would happen, that the peons would at some point be able to get off Shank's Pony and move around in the same way us civilised folks do. Indeed, all the concerns we have about global warming are rather based upon predictions that this will happen.
Apologies, but this is where a little economics becomes necessary. Yes, we've all heard of the International Panel on Climate Change, the IPCC, those people who issue the reports containing the scientific consensus on the issue (yes, we are assuming they are correct here). Greenland's ice disappears sometime around 2,500, East Antarctica a couple of centuries later and boy, then we all really are in trouble. But all too few people, and unfortunately all too few environmentalists, stop and wonder where those numbers come from. Yes, we've got lovely computer models to tell us what the temperature rises will be if we stick x amount of methane into the atmosphere, y amount of CO2 and so on: but someone, somewhere, has had to work out how much methane, how much CO2 is likely to be so emitted. And that comes from the Special Report on Emissions Scenarios, the SRES.
The SRES is a series of economic models based upon four families (again divided into scenarios but we're not going to worry about that level of detail). The A1 family assumes that in 2100 the world output (GDP) will be $550 trillion for some 7 billion people. That is, that the world will be at least ten times richer in 92 years than it was eight years ago (essentially, growth goes on as it has since 1850). A2 (what the Stern Review uses and, umm, the low globalisation model) has 16 billion people and $250 trillion in GDP. B2 10 billions and $250 trillion, B1 $350 trillion and 7 billion again. These are the economic assumptions upon which everything we are told about climate change rests. Yes, there are different assumptions in them about how technology develops but all of them are entirely without any attempts at all at mitigation. That is, all the numbers we work with assume that we don't have carbon taxes, we don't ban patio heaters, we don't abolish the aeroplane. Anything we do along those lines reduces the damage that might be done.
Just as an aside we might note that these models all assume that the less trade we have, the more regionally based the world economy, the more self-sufficient we all become, buying locally, the worse the outcome. Campaigning to reduce globalisation to counter global warming is like fucking for virginity.
While none of the families specifically predicts the Tata Nano, all of them predict that the great unwashed will indeed have transport: and no, none of them predict that that transport will not be fossil fuel based. So while those folks at the Pew Center might be correct that this specific thing was not predicted, something very like it was. In fact, the existence of growing wealth and thus mobility is rather written into the plans that worry us. Which leads us to the glorious George Monbiot. In a recent column he said:
"So economic growth this century could be 32 times as big an environmental issue as population growth. And if governments, banks and businesses have their way, it never stops. By 2115, the cumulative total rises to 3,200%, by 2138 to 6,400%. As resources are finite, this is of course impossible, but it is not hard to see that rising economic activity - not human numbers - is the immediate and overwhelming threat."
Leave aside his (known) ignorance of economics: growth is not defined by nor is it dependent upon the consumption of resources. It's defined as the addition of value to them: making sandpaper and a computer chip both consume sand, but one is the addition of rather more value than the other. Thus economic growth is not constrained in the way that he thinks by resource availability. Look rather to his "this is of course impossible".
In talking about climate change and the dangers thereof he tells us that a continuation of past economic growth is impossible. But as we can see above, the world's largest report on the subject, indeed the scientific consensus, is that said growth is indeed possible. In fact, the terrors of climate change depend upon it being so, for the whole science is based upon the outcome of economic growth. Thus George has either, by showing the impossibility, told us that climate change isn't a problem or that, perhaps more likely, he doesn't know what he's talking about.
Which brings us back to those worrying about the Tata Nano: it isn't a horror for the climate, it isn't a disaster. It's actually one of the things already built into our models which lead us to our current understanding of what will happen. We've already taken account of it in our calculations, you see? As we have all those other things: more flights, more people, more wealth. We even know the solution, a Pigou Tax, but that's a matter for another day.
A Chinese energy company is poised to open a chemical plant to make liquid fuels for cars and aircraft from coal, a move that has alarmed environmental campaigners who say it will increase carbon emissions and worsen global warming. The plant, in Inner Mongolia, will use technology developed by Germany during the second world war to convert coal directly into synthetic diesel, dubbed "Nazi fuel". China says the process will help break its booming economy's reliance on foreign oil, and that it will build more such plants.
The US and India are also investing heavily in the technology, which is being heavily promoted by coal companies across the world as a cost-effective solution to soaring oil prices and concerns about energy security.
The Chinese facility, operated by Shenhua Corporation, will be the first of its type in the world. Shenhua would not say when it expects the plant to open, but industry experts said it would be within weeks. Last month, company officials said construction work was 99.5% complete. Three similar plants were built in South Africa to beat the apartheid-era oil sanctions, and still produce almost a third of South Africa's energy needs.
Gordon Couch, of the International Energy Agency's clean coal centre in London, said the plant's opening was "imminent". and that it marked a surge of interest across the world. An IEA report on the technology, due to be published this spring, will highlight similar projects planned or under way in Japan, the US, Australia, China, New Zealand, India, Botswana, Indonesia, the Phillippines and South Africa. The US Air Force is very interested, and recently flew a B-52 bomber on fuel made from coal.
Couch said: "There is now considerable interest in these types of fuels, mainly in countries like China and the US that have large reserves of coal and are worried about relying on imported oil." He said the high price of oil could persuade more companies to turn to the coal conversion technology, which has traditionally been too expensive to compete with conventional petroleum-based fuel.
Analysts say the fuel could be economic if oil prices stay consistently above US$25-40 a barrel. Oil currently costs double that, and briefly touched $100 a barrel last month.
Nick Rau, a climate campaigner for Friends of the Earth, said the move was "in totally the wrong direction". He added: "We have great concerns about the rush to develop new sources of energy-intensive energies such as synthetic fuels from coal. We know they are technically feasible and it looks like they are going to happen, unless more people emphasise the sustainable options available."
Luke Warren of the World Coal Institute, admitted the process was "carbon dioxide intensive", but said the greenhouse gas could be captured and stored underground. But the UN's intergovernmental panel on climate change says that large-scale carbon capture and storage remains unproven, and will not be available for decades.
The enviroloonies seem to have found their way out of the asylum again: this time to tell us that 70 per cent of Britons should die for the sake of Gaia. That's not quite the way they put it, of course. Rather, the Optimum Population Trust (there's a pedantic part of me that wants to tell them it's Optimal) tells us that the maximum sustainable population of the UK is 17 million: given that there are north of 60 million currently, we can only avert the coming End Times if the extra pop their clogs soonest.
It's not bad for a paper on demography, economics, the environment and their interactions written by a physicist, that is, a paper written by someone with no knowledge of any of the three basic disciplines. The argument rests on two fundamental pieces of illogic. The first is the use of the Commoner-Ehrlich equation which is that ecological Impact is equal to Population times Affluence times Technology or:
Paul Ehrlich, you might recall, is the man who in the 60s predicted hundreds of millions starving in India in the 70s and the US in the 80s. Then in the 70s predicted the same in the 80s and 90s and, in his latest book, Real Soon Now. The flaw in this equation is that technology is held to multiply the impact instead of, as is obvious to even the casual observer, divide it.
If you haven't spotted why yet, consider this. Are we using higher technology than hunter gatherers? Yes? Good, now, if there were 6 billion hunter gatherers around, would Gaia simply be, as at present, a bit grumpy, or even worse off? Correct, there wouldn't be any biosphere at all as that many humans with flints and spears alone would have eaten every thing on the planet and then each other. As, indeed, hunter gatherers did with the megafauna of every place they got to outside Africa, the Aborigines, the Clovis culture in North America, the Maori in New Zealand and so on. The equation should thus read:
For higher technology reduces the environmental impact. The effect of this upon the logic used in the paper is this. As the paper says, higher technology and increased affluence increase the pressure on the environment, and as none of us is prepared to give up the levels of both which we already have, the only thing we can do to save the planet is to have fewer people. But getting the equation the right way around removes this constraint: we can reduce the impact by having better technology and there's no need to go round slaughtering the chavs [disrespectful young British lower class people] (well, OK, not this reason then). And most importantly, as we'll see, we can do this by creating technology which has lower carbon emissions.
The second conceptual error is that in their calculation of the permissible population level they use the concept of ecological footprints as calculated by Mathis Wackernagel. Now in one way I've got a lot of time for him: it's not everyone who manages to turn their Ph.D thesis into a thriving international business, so hats off, well done sir. On the other hand, that thesis is what is technically known in serious circles as horse manure. For example, when looking at the carbon emissions of nuclear power, the calculation is:
Nuclear power, about 4 per cent of global energy use, does not generate CO2. Its footprint is calculated as the area required to absorb the CO2 emitted by using the equivalent amount of energy from fossil fuels.
Mat bubba: over the cycle nuclear does have CO2 emissions, roughly the same as hydro or wind, less than half solar and a tiny fraction of coal. But our ecological footprint idea gets much worse than that. The essential idea is that we work out how much land a particular activity requires. Then we work out how many activites and how much of such there are and then look at how many hectares of land we need to be able to do all of them. This is what gives us our regular yearly (when Mathis and his boys release their annual update) cycle of we need "three more earths" if we're all going to carry on living like this.
Again there's a conceptual error about technology: thinking that the amount of land we need to do something is static, which it plainly isn't. We get more food off a hectare now than we did last year, as we have every year for at least a century (yields have been going up one per cent a year for at least that long) and so on. But wait, there's yet more.
Each piece of land is only allowed to count once. The land needed to recycle CO2 emissions is somehow different land from that needed to grow the food: that plants eat CO2 to turn it into my food gets missed.
Even given all of this exaggeration the actual end finding of the ecological footprints calculations is that we've got plenty of land to do everything except recycle our CO2 emissions, something which really isn't all that much of a surprise. We've had thousands of scientists labouring away for more than a decade to tell us that, they even wrote a great big report about it. And guess what the result of that report is? If we can invent a few more bright shiny new technologies that don't emit carbon then everything is just hunky dory.
In the end this report is just another sad set of scribblings from people who would appear to have some deeper personal problems. Perhaps it's the thought of people having sex without a full body condom that does it, or perhaps they've come over all Fran Liebowitz ("Children don't smoke enough and I find that they're sticky, perhaps as a result of not smoking enough") but something is clearly wrong, when we read:
Their sad misunderstanding about the effects of technology blinds them to the truth, that by not constraining technology we don't have to constrain either affluence or population. The late great Julian Simon once calculated that we had the resources for a permanently growing economy and population for the next 7 billion years. That might be a little Panglossian, to be honest, but it's more accurate than the insistence that there should be fewer, poorer people.
Three German biodiesel production plants were recently sold to the United States and Canada and more are up for sale after biodiesel sales collapsed, a German renewable fuels industry leader said on Wednesday. "I estimate that 30 percent of Germany's biodiesel plants are now up for sale," said Peter Schrum, president of the German renewable fuels industry association BBK. "Three have recently been sold to the US and Canada and I believe that more will follow," he told Reuters in an interview. Names of the companies involved are not being given. "Germany's biodiesel industry is currently being dismantled and sold abroad," he said.
The country's five million tonnes biodiesel industry is only producing at about 10 percent of capacity largely because a biofuels tax increase on Jan 1 has sharply cut sales, he said.
Although the European Union wants to increase biofuel use to stop global warming, Germany has started taxing biodiesel as the government said it cannot afford to lose the large tax revenue from fossil diesel. "The tax means that biodiesel is now more expensive than fossil diesel," said Schrum. "As biodiesel has eight percent less energy content, this means no-one is buying biodiesel."
The European Commission, bowing to industry concerns, said Thursday it was ready to exempt Europe's steel, chemical and power sectors from having to compensate for the environmental damage they cause - at least for a while.
The EU was keen to see a global deal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and, until a deal was in place, the EU would hold back on plans to force more companies to pay to pollute from 2013, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso told European business leaders.
Last month, the EU executive said it would demand that major polluters buy all the carbon permits they need, which would raise the cost of manufacturing by charging them up to _50 billion (US$74 billion) a year and likely hike electricity prices by 10-15 percent.
Until now, companies get most of their carbon permits for free - and they say extra costs will make it harder for them to compete against rivals in countries that are less active in curbing climate change such as the U.S., China and India.
Barroso's comments aimed to soothe those worries. "Ultimately, the best solution is an international (emissions trading) agreement," he said. "But in the absence of an international agreement, we should be ready to look at interim solutions for energy intensive industries. For example, receiving their (emission trading) allowances free of charge, or requiring importers to obtain allowances alongside European competitors." Barroso added, "This is the most we can do for our energy-intensive industries."
The EU's carbon cap-and-trade program aims to cut overall releases by giving a financial incentive for companies to cut back on carbon because they can sell the permits they do not use. If they need to run plants for longer or fail to turn to cleaner technology, they need to buy more permits.
The EU insists that the costs of climate change are far outweighed by the damage a warmer climate will cause. Reducing energy use and turning to renewable energy sources could also slim down Europe's huge bill for oil and natural gas imports.
Barroso was rewarded for his address with a round of warm applause from hundreds of European business leaders attending a two-day conference devoted to climate change.
THE LONE voice in the midst of the debate argued effectively that climate change is both unavoidable and a `cyclical' phenomenon. Scientist Dr Henry Clemmey, who is the managing director of Preston-based Woodford Global Group, asserted that global warming is part of a pattern that has been happening throughout the earth's history.
The former Leeds University academic admits to having seen the effects of climate change within his own lifetime - but believes that mankind cannot be held responsible. "Climate change is something that we can't stop or prevent - but we do need to be knowledgeable about its potential effects," he said. "I think that so many debates about climate change take place against an ignorance of both time and scale in terms of the earth's evolution. "If you look back through the history of the planet, you will find a whole series of cycles. "You will also see that these cycles have taken place before - and will take place again in the future."
He added that the cycle lasted for 60,000 years and was currently warming up and said: "it's not so long ago - in terms of the earth's evolution over the past four billion years - that the climate was far hotter than this."
Dr Clemmey also maintained that when the carbon particles found in the atmosphere now are compared with other periods in the earth's evolution, they show that mankind's recent behaviour cannot be held responsible for climate change. He believes that it is a gradual progression that has led to this point.
His figures were dismissed by glacier expert Professor David Collins and climate change expert Professor Kevin Anderson.
"I cannot always understand the scientists' current obsession with carbon emissions," said Dr Clemmey. "The current changes we are experiencing go far beyond what we have caused by our lifestyles in our own lifetimes - and ultimately the earth will look after itself."
For more than 100 years, climate scientists have fully understood that if all else were held constant, an increase in the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2) would lead to an increase in the near-surface air temperatures. The problem becomes a lot more complicated in the real world when we consider that "all else" cannot be held constant and there are a lot more changes occurring at any one time than just the concentration of CO2. Once the temperature of the Earth starts inching upward, changes immediately occur to atmospheric moisture levels, cloud patterns, surface properties, and on and on. Some of these changes, like the additional moisture, amplify the warming and represent positive feedback mechanisms. Other consequences, like the development of more low clouds, would act to retard or even reverse the warming and represent negative feedbacks. Getting all the feedbacks correct is critical to predicting future conditions, and these feedbacks are simulated numerically in global climate general circulation models (GCMs). Herein lies a central component of the great debate - some GCMs predict relatively little warming for a doubling of CO2, and others predict substantial warming for the same change in atmospheric composition.
If that is not enough, changes in CO2 in the real world would almost certainly be associated with other changes in the atmosphere - sulfur dioxide, mineral aerosols (dust), ozone, black carbon, and who knows what else would vary through time and complicate the "all else held constant" picture. By the way, the Sun varies its output as well. And when discussing climate change over the next century, even more uncertainties come from estimations of economic growth, adoption of various energy alternatives, human population growth, land use changes, and . you get the message.
However, the fundamental question in the greenhouse debate still comes down largely to a question of climate sensitivity defined as the change in global temperature for change in radiative forcing associated with varying levels of atmospheric CO2. The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) suggests that the sensitivity is between 0.48 and 1.40 degrees Kelvin (K) per one Watt per square meter (Wm-2) which translates into a global warming of 2.0 K to 4.5 K for a doubling of CO2 concentration (1 degree K equals one degree Celsius which equals 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit). Rather than turn this into a review of a physics course, what we have is the IPCC predicting global warming of 3.2øF to 7.2øF for a doubling of CO2 concentration. Others have shown in very credible professional journals that there is a 66% chance of the IPCC being right in their estimate - this provides the fodder for alarmists to suggest that IPCC acknowledges the possibility of a global warm up of 10øF for a doubling of CO2.
To say the least, these numbers are hotly debated in the climate community. A recent article in Geophysical Research Letters presents an interesting approach to pinning down the critical sensitivity value (K/Wm-2) for elevated levels of CO2. The article is by Petr Chylek and Ulrike Lohmann of New Mexico's Los Alamos National Laboratory and Switzerland's Institute for Atmospheric and Climate Science; funding was provided by the Los Alamos Laboratory. The team decided to re-examine the temperature, CO2, methane, and dust record from the Vostok ice core extracted from a site in Antarctica. Although the core record goes back nearly a half million years, Chylek and Lohmann elected to restrict their primary analysis to the past 42,000 years....
By combining temperatures, carbon dioxide concentrations, methane concentrations and importantly, dust amounts determined from the ice core during the past 42,000 years, the authors were able to derive the climate sensitivity from the combined variations for these factors. One of their largest uncertainties surrounded the dust amounts, and so Chylek and Lohmann turned to a climate model to see if changes in atmospheric dustiness could have the magnitude of the effect on global temperatures (and thus climate sensitivity) that they had determined empirically. The modeled results were consistent with their other calculations, giving them added confidence in their calculations.
The reason they were looking for independent confirmation was that their findings for climate sensitivity were near the low end of the bounding range given by the IPCC—and that means they are going to be subject to an endless amount of scrutiny from those folks who want potential global warming to seem as bad as possible.
To long-time readers of World Climate Report (and its predecessors), these results should hardly come as much of surprise. For at least a good 7 or 8 years we have repeatedly been telling you that you should be expecting about a 1.5 to 2.0ºC of warming from greenhouse gas increases this century. Chylek and Lohmann’s findings are simply further confirmation of this.
The biggest thing to take home in all of this is that the less the temperature rise, the less the chance for major disruption, such as a large sea level rise, at least anytime soon. That means we have more time to figure out a solution. Assuredly, had Chylek and Lohmann discovered that IPCC was underestimating the climate sensitivity, they would have been a front page news story the world over. Instead, they found that IPCC is likely overestimating the climate sensitivity to CO2, so they were reduced to coverage only at World Climate Report.
The plane's engines were OK and it was not short of fuel. But it had just flown through exceptionally cold temperatures right across the Northern hemisphere and part of the fuel may have frozen. Read here and here to decide for yourself. A small excerpt:
Another pilot commented that "the air temp over the UK at the time [of the accident] was some of the coldest I've ever experienced with OAT [outside air temperature] at higher levels down to -70 degrees Celsius."
There is an unconfirmed report that the BA038 pilots did not descend during cruise to lower altitude.
At very low temperatures, wax crystals form in the fuel and "flowability" may be impeded (akin to the way a blood clot or embolus can cause a stroke). The cold fuel approaches a semi rigid state. Jet fuel also contains some amount of water, and at very low temperatures it will freeze. Icing may not have been an immediate issue here, but rather a contributory one, like paraffin waxing, to the clogging of sensor points/connections. This is particularly relevant to the Full Authority Digital Engine Control (FADEC), which metered fuel to the airplane's Rolls Royce Trent engines. FADECs use reference air and fuel pressures to perform their function; loss of those due to ice obstruction or clogging from waxing can lead to the FADEC's logic becoming confused or unresponsive. Indeed, both FADECs could be affected almost simultaneously by dint of exposure to an identical environment.
Add in a second factor: Heathrow has adopted a new air traffic control procedure known as the Continuous Descent Approach (CDA). The procedure is more fuel efficient than the traditional step-down approach, and basically the engines are at idle power. During aircraft operation, fuel is withdrawn from the fuel tanks and passed to a filter at the inlet to the engine fuel system. To prevent blocking of the filter due to formation of wax or ice in the fuel, a heat exchanger warms the fuel upstream of the filter. Such heat exchangers use hot air bleed from the engine compressor or heat from engine or hydraulic oil. Of note, the times when the greatest heating is required are often those times when the engine is not operating at maximum, for example, during a lengthy descent at idle from high altitude.
With ultra-cold en route temperatures inducing clumps of paraffin or ice, and a cool engine during descent at flight idle, perhaps the stage was set. Any blockages occurring at different times during the descent, and the simultaneity of the thrust loss, would have been seen only when (and because) the auto-throttle called for a thrust increment on finals after gear and flap extension. There is an account that the aircraft did not hold during the approach, which would tend to support the low-power, low-temperature scenario.
I will demonstrate that the Sun drives climate, and use that demonstrated relationship to predict the Earth's climate to 2030. It is a prediction that differs from most in the public domain. It is a prediction of imminent cooling....
I will show that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide is not even a little bit bad. It is wholly beneficial. The more carbon dioxide we can put into the atmosphere, the better the planet will be - for humans, and all other living things....
We have 29 years of satellite temperature data. It shows that the temperature of the Southern Hemisphere has been flat, with a slight increase in the Northern Hemisphere. Note the El Nino peak in 1998. Globally, we have had 10 years of temperature decline since that peak in 1998, with a rate of decline of 0.06 degrees per annum. I am expecting the rate of decline to accelerate to 0.2 degrees per annum from the end of this decade. That satellite record is corroborated by the record of Antarctic and Arctic sea ice extent over the same period. There is no long term trend evident. Most recently, there has been a 1 million square kilometre increase over the long term mean. This is a five per cent increase.....
The peak US temperature was in 1936, at much the same time that Total Solar Irradiance peaked. If you have wondered why US temperatures are still lower than what they were 70 years ago, the fact that Total Solar Irradiance is lower than what it was 70 years ago might provide an explanation.....
The peak of the Medieval Warm Period was 2ø warmer than today and the Little Ice Age 2ø colder at its worst. The total range is 4ø centigrade. The warming over the 20th century was 0.6 degrees by comparison. This recent warming has melted ice on some high passes in the Swiss Alps, uncovering artifacts from the Medieval Warm Period and the prior Roman Warm Period...
2008 is the tenth anniversary of the recent peak on global temperature in 1998. The world has been cooling at 0.06 degrees per annum since then. My prediction is that this rate of cooling will accelerate to 0.2 degrees per annum following the month of solar minimum sometime in 2009. Dr Hansen's statement that the maximum safe level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is 350 ppm begs the question of what the actual ideal level is.
I have taken the 1,000 ppm figure from the level that commercial greenhouse operators prefer to run their greenhouses at. The ability to grow food is going to be the overriding concern next decade. Regarding that 1,000 ppm level, we will never get there. Atmospheric carbon dioxide levels have been much higher in the geological past. But most of that carbon is now bound up in the Earth's sediments where we can't get to it.
Half of the carbon dioxide we are producing now is being gobbled up by the oceans, in soils and in the Russian tundra. At best, we might get to about 600 ppm. What I have shown in this presentation is that carbon dioxide is largely irrelevant to the Earth's climate.
The carbon dioxide that Mankind will put into the atmosphere over the next few hundred years will offset a couple of millenia of post-Holocene Optimum cooling before we plunge into the next ice age. There are no deleterious consequences of higher atmospheric carbon dioxide levels. Higher atmospheric carbon dioxide levels are wholly beneficial.
I am often challenged as follows: "Philip, I know you are critical of the science and politics of `global warming'. But why don't you just play along with it all, because it will be good for energy policy and for the world in general? And, like Pascal's wager, it means you won't lose out either way."
My reply is identical to that reported by James Boswell in his magisterial Life of Johnson (1791) on asking the great man why he wasn't a Papist [just replace the relevant words with `Global Warming', or `Global Warmers']:
"On the Roman Catholick religion he said, `If you join the Papists externally, they will not interrogate you strictly as to your belief in their tenets. No reasoning Papist believes every article of their faith. There is one side on which a good man might be persuaded to embrace it. A good man, of a timorous disposition, in great doubt of his acceptance with God, and pretty credulous, might be glad to be of a church where there are so many helps to get to Heaven. I would be a Papist if I could. I have fear enough; but an obstinate rationality prevents me.'"
Likewise, whenever I hear politicians and activists talking about "stopping climate change", or "saving the planet"; when I see the rich buying indulgences in the form of carbon credits, or carbon offsets; when I hear politicians talking about "zero-carbon houses", when no such thing exists; when I hear scientists declaring that we can manage the most complex, coupled, non-linear, semi-chaotic system known to humans by fiddling at the margins with one factor - and to a degree Celsius; when I see the blatant hypocrisy of newspapers like The Independent and The Guardian, which lecture us all, while selling foreign holidays, page after page; when I hear academics planning to fly to another world conference on climate change; when I watch one more hyped-up report,with shelving ice and doleful polar bears, on the tele; when I see yet another celebrity flying in to yet another world gig to tell us how to live the `Green' life; when I hear claims that wind turbines will save the world; ..... I could go on and on ..... but,
..... an obstinate rationality prevents me from having anything to do with the carbon claptrap of the Global Warming Religion and the trivial pieties of our shallow Age.
And, though I have many faults, I cannot cant. The witch hunters, and the McCarthyists, will thus always find me unrepentant. Above all, we must hold on to our reason, and to our honest understanding of things.
Moreover, I fear that it will be `global warming' hysteria which will ultimately prove to be the witchcraft and the devil of the Age. I refuse to acknowledge its familiar spirits, and I trust, like John Proctor in Arthur Miller's 1953 masterpiece, The Crucible, I shall, to the last, stand firm.
Last week, the ideological environmentalist group Friends of the Earth (FOE) launched another attack in its misinformation campaign against biotech crops. FOE's latest salvo is its report "Who Benefits from GM Crops?," issued explicitly to counter the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications' (ISAAA) annual global assessment of biotech crops. FOE claims biotech crops yield less than conventional crops, harm the environment, are technologically stagnant, have done nothing to help poor farmers, and are monopolized by a few giant corporations.
The ISAAA 2007 report on the global status paints a far different picture. The ISAAA notes that farmers around the world continue their rapid adoption of biotech crop varieties. In 2007 the global planting of biotech crops rose to an all time high of 282 million acres, a 12 percent increase over 2006. In addition, the number of farmers choosing to grow biotech crops rose from 10.3 million in 2006 to over 12 million in 2007. The ISAAA report notes that 11 million of the biotech growers are resource poor farmers in developing countries, the majority of whom cultivate insect-resistant cotton. Biotech crops are now planted in 23 countries, and 29 others have approved the import of biotech food and feed.
Do biotech crops yield less than conventional crops? FOE is artful in its use of data. Some biotech varieties did initially impose slight yield penalties when compared to conventional varieties. This occurred because breeders improved conventional varieties during the years it took biotech crops to be approved by regulatory agencies. Even so, farmers adopted slightly lower yielding biotech crops because they were cheaper to grow. Biotech crops need fewer pesticide applications and require less plowing. A 2006 study by the British agricutural and food economics consultancy, PG Economics, found no impact from biotech on soy yields while cotton and corn enjoyed higher yields. Even though biotech seeds cost more, overall lower production costs more than make up for the initial expense. The PG Economics report estimates that biotech crops have increased farm incomes by $27 billion since 1996.
Do biotech crops harm the environment? FOE claims that biotech crops use more pesticides than conventional varieties and it identifies crops resistant to the herbicide glyphosate (aka Roundup) as the chief offenders. Farmers kill weeds without harming their biotech crops by spraying with glyphosate. The PG Economics study found that the adoption of biotech crops reduced the use of pesticides since 1996 by 224 million kilograms (493 million pounds), or just about 7 percent.
In addition, herbicide resistant crops enable farmers to switch to no-till farming which dramatically reduces soil erosion. In fact, an August 2007 study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences finds that "no-till farming can build soil fertility even with intensive farming methods." However, some regions experienced an increased use of glyphosate as farmers shifted to no-till agriculture. So if glyphosate applications are going up, is it harmful to the environment or human health? Not even the hyper-cautious Pesticide Action Network puts glyphosate on its list of "bad actors." Nor does glyphosate linger in the environment-it is rapidly degraded by soil microbes with a half-life of a week to several months, which is shorter than many of the herbicides that it replaces.
FOE also claims that spraying biotech crops with herbicides is forcing the faster evolution of herbicide resistant superweeds. Just as bacteria eventually evolve to resist antibiotics, so too do weeds evolve to resist herbicides. This process started with the introduction of modern herbicides after World War II, well before the advent of modern biotech varieties. Fortunately, biotechnology is a fine tool for developing new ways to control weeds.
FOE argues that crop biotechnology has stagnated and correctly points out that the vast majority of biotech crop varieties incorporate just two traits: insect resistance and herbicide tolerance. These traits are valuable to farmers though they don't not offer obvious benefits to consumers. If few new biotech crops have yet to make it to the tables of consumers, FOE can take a good bit of the credit. FOE and other ideological environmentalists have campaigned tirelessly to block the development and spread of new beneficial biotech crop traits. FOE does its best to stop biotech in its tracks and then turns around to assert that researchers have developed nothing new.
However, FOE will soon not be able to make that hypocritical claim. Biotech researchers are now incorporating traits for drought resistance, salt tolerance, and one which enables plants to thrive on half a dose of nitrogen fertilizer. Crops with these traits will be particularly valuable for poor farmers in developing countries. Despite FOE's opposition, "Golden Rice," which has been genetically improved to help prevent vitamin A deficiency, which blinds 300,000 to 500,000 poor children each year, should become available by 2011. In addition, researchers are creating crops that provide enhanced nutrition such as tomatoes with increased folate.
Anti-biotech campaigns by activist groups like FOE have succeeded in frightening the governments of many developing countries into banning biotech crops. Nevertheless, biotech crops have been embraced by poor farmers around the world-whenever their governments will let them. The World Banks's World Development Report 2008 (WDR) notes that second-generation biotech crops are now making their way to the market. The WDR reports, "Transgenic rice, eggplant, mustard, cassava, banana, potato, sweet potato, lentil, and lupin have been approved for field testing in one or more countries. Many of those technologies promise substantial benefits to poor producers and consumers."
And finally, FOE complains that biotech seeds are monopolized by a few large companies. Again, FOE activists should look in the mirror to find the culprits behind this industry consolidation. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the number of startup and well-established seed companies that aimed to develop agricultural biotech exploded. But, as we've seen, crop biotech ran into a buzz saw of environmentalist opposition, especially in Europe. Consequently, since biotech seeds are relatively low in value compared to biomedical treatments, small crop biotech companies withered and the industry consolidated into fairly large companies, chiefly Monsanto, Dupont, Syngenta and Bayer. St. Louis, Missouri-based Monsanto dominates the market for biotech seed. Some 60 percent of all biotech improved seeds contain traits developed by Monsanto. FOE is certainly responsible, in part, for Monsanto's exploding profits.
Finally, let's revisit the title of FOE's new report: "Who Benefits from GM Crops?" As the ISAAA report clearly shows, millions of farmers around the world think that they benefit from biotech crops. Since this is so, FOE can only conclude that these farmers are either stupid or deluded or both. If biotech crops did not deliver their promised benefits, farmers around the world would not be adopting them at exponential rates. Not even FOE's most determined efforts to spread anti-biotech misinformation can obscure this plain fact.
The Federal Government has tried to play down its chief climate change adviser's call for even deeper cuts to dangerous greenhouse gases. Economist Ross Garnaut, in his interim report on climate change policy released yesterday, said the Government should set a 2020 greenhouse target this year and consider setting a tougher 2050 target. "Australia should be ready to go beyond its stated 60 per cent reduction target by 2050 in an effective global agreement that includes developing nations," Professor Garnaut said. The report said such an approach would mean Australia played a positive role in global talks for a post-Kyoto regime. [Sounds like a very political economist -- which he is. He has been a Labor party adviser for many years]
Climate Change Minister Penny Wong said Professor Garnaut's report would be an "important input" to Government policy. "We welcome Professor Garnaut's input . . . of course we will also be looking at other inputs, such as modelling from the Australian Treasury," she said. "We are conscious of the impact on the Australian economy and we will ensure the scheme addresses the impacts on households and also on industry."
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has championed the issue of climate change and one of his first acts was to ratify the Kyoto agreement. He also pledged to put an emissions trading scheme in place by 2010. Senator Wong called yesterday's report - the final document is due in September - "early thinking" on the policy response to climate change.
But Australian Greens leader Bob Brown said the Government was trying to minimise the importance of Professor Garnaut because he had followed the science. "Penny Wong has reduced Ross Garnaut to input," Senator Brown said. "There are huge vested interests at play here; the coal industry, the aluminium industry, the forest logging industry and it's up to the Rudd Government to put this country ahead of those vested interests."
Professor Garnaut also cast doubt on the Government's renewable energy target, saying it might not be needed once the emissions trading scheme (ETS) was established. He said it was inevitable there would be extra costs on households but income from selling ETS permits could help ease the burden on low-income earners. "This is a hard reform but get it right and the transition to a low-emissions economy will be manageable . . . get it wrong and this is going to be a painful adjustment," he said. "We're only going to solve this problem if we find a way of keeping economic growth going and prosperity going but breaking the link between economic growth and emissions."
The Garnaut Review was commissioned last year by federal Labor while in opposition, in co-operation with state governments. State premiers, including Queensland's Anna Bligh, yesterday vowed to act quickly on the report's recommendations.
Speaking from Adelaide, where the report was released, Ms Bligh said the report was "very sobering". "There's no doubt it's one of the biggest issues to face Australia and the planet," she said. Leading environmental groups admitted they were surprised by the strength of the report.
Even the mainstream media are now talking about global cooling. Heading above and story below from Britain's "Daily Mail". There is a similar article on Newsmax
Yesterday's picture in the Mail of a cascade of icicles in the Yorkshire Dales was a reminder of how cold Britain can be - something many of us have forgotten in this unusually mild winter.
But it really is remarkable how little attention has been paid to the extraordinary weather events which in recent weeks have been affecting other parts of the world. Across much of the northern hemisphere, from Greece and Iran to China and Japan, they have been suffering their worst snowfalls for decades.
Similarly freakish amounts of snow have been falling over much of the northern United States, from Ohio to the Pacific coast, where in parts of the state of Washington up to 200in of snow have fallen in the past fortnight.
In country after country, these abnormal snowfalls have provoked a crisis. In China - the only example to have attracted major coverage in Britain - the worst snow for 50years triggered an unprecedented state of emergency. Large parts of the country have been paralysed, as rail and road transport ground to a standstill. More than 25,000 miles of power lines collapsed under a weight of snow and ice they were never designed to cope with. Snow has devastated thousands of square miles of farmland, threatening severe food shortages. The total cost of the disaster to the Chinese economy may be more than £10billion.
In Afghanistan, freezing weather and the worst snow for 30 years have killed more than 900 people. In neighbouring Tajikistan, according to aid agencies, the coldest winter for 50 years, along with soaring food prices and a massive energy crisis, threatens a "humanitarian catastrophe".
In Greece and Turkey, where temperatures dropped as low as minus 31 degrees Celsius, hundreds of villages have been cut off by blizzards and drifting snow. In Iran, following heavy snowfalls last month, its eastern desert regions - normally still hot at this time of year - have seen their first snow in living memory. In Saudi Arabia last month, people were amazed by the first snow most had ever seen. On the Pacific coast of Japan last week, heavy falls of snow injured more than 50.
Meanwhile in the U.S., similarly abnormal snowfalls have hit more than a dozen states. One Massachusetts town reported 12ft drifts after its heaviest snows in 30 years. In Wisconsin, the state governor declared a state of emergency as schools and airports were forced to close by up to 20in of snow - and even this was dwarfed by the blizzards which dropped as much as 16ft of the white stuff on parts of Washington state.
In light of such similar news from so many places round the world, it may not seem surprising that U.S. satellite data for January shows the extent of snow cover in the northern hemisphere as reaching its highest level since 1966, 42 years ago - and that temperatures were lower than their average for the whole of the 20th century.
Furthermore, it is not only in the northern hemisphere that records are being broken. Following last year's freak snowfalls in such southern cities as Buenos Aires and Sydney, satellite observations from the other end of the world have this winter shown ice cover round the Antarctic at easily its greatest extent for this time of year since data began in 1979, 30per cent above average.
Yet so far in our corner of the world, we have been remarkably slow to notice what was going on elsewhere, and to put the different elements of the story together. Doubtless much of the reason for this has been that, in Western Europe, we have (until the recent cold spell) enjoyed yet another comparatively warm winter - probably thanks to changes in warming sea currents which scientists find hard to explain. (Although Alpine ski resorts have seen their best snow conditions for many years.)
This is why we saw reports of balmy, prematurely spring-like weather, with primroses and blossom coming out earlier than usual and the curator of Kew Gardens suggesting "there is no winter any more" - just when much of the rest of the world was shivering through the coldest January and February since The Beatles were still together.
But one of the oddest features of this great freeze is how little it was predicted. We are so used to hearing that the world is inexorably warming up thanks to rising CO2 emissions, and that recent years have been the hottest since records were kept, that no one prepared us for the possibility that there might suddenly be such a dramatic exception to the accepted trend.
So far, the leading advocates of the global warming thesis have remained fairly quiet about the 2008 freeze, although some may explain that "freak weather events" such as we are now witnessing are just what we should expect to see as Planet Earth hots up - even if this produces the paradox that warming may sometimes lead to cooling.
Global warming "sceptics", on the other hand, are inevitably pointing to these record snowfalls as evidence that global temperatures are no longer rising as the CO2 theory predicts. We may, they suggest, be seeing the start of a period when temperatures reverse their generally upward trend over the past 30 years, as we did in those decades before 1978 known to climate scientists as "the Little Cooling".
The truth is that it is still much too early to draw any long-term conclusions from 2008's great freeze. But it is one of the most startling developments to have emerged in the world's weather patterns for a long time - not least in that it was so unexpected. At least it raises important questions over how our global climate is evolving which the scientists will have to try to explain. To the millions of people whose lives have been seriously disrupted by this year's freeze, the concept of global warming must seem awfully remote.
Which 88 per cent of the economy would my reader most like to kiss goodbye? I ask this question only as a practical matter, after reading the summary of a Japanese study on the economic implications of the "global warming" fraud. Noting the goal, "seriously" stated by the Group of Eight, to cut world CO2 emissions in half by the year 2050, a couple of techies in Japan (Norichika Kanie of the Tokyo Institute of Technology and Yasuaki Hijioka at the National Institute for Environmental Studies) sat down with their calculators, and coolly worked out what emissions reductions will be required to meet this goal, on an equal per capita basis, around the planet.
The 88 per cent is the figure for North America. The Europeans get off relatively easily: they only have to shut down 83 per cent of their economy; the Japanese 85 per cent. Only 35 per cent of the Chinese economy will have to go. And good news for India, much of which is still living in the Arcadian low-carbon past. The Indians get to gun their carbon emissions by 137 per cent over the next four decades.
With the insouciance of a charming zombie, Mr. Kanie added that he did not think the goal out of reach. "I think it is a matter of changing lifestyle and not necessarily in an austere way," he said. "For example, I often ride my bike instead of driving a car." He thought the government should provide more bicycle infrastructure.
Thank you for that suggestion, Mr. Kanie. After an incident I witnessed on the street the other day, I myself wish to be rid of cars. And after another incident on the street the day after, I would also like to be rid of bicycles: so I can go Mr Kanie one better.
And let me add a brilliant suggestion, all of my own. I have often thought that the world's food consumption -- and all the extravagantly CO2-emitting factory and transport infrastructure that supports it -- could be reduced by more than half, if we would just stop eating on odd-numbered days. I say "more than half" because, as I recall in Lent, people's appetites decline with reduced food consumption, so they'll tend to eat less on the even-numbered days, too. The scheme would also eliminate over a billion people now living at subsistence levels.
There could be problems with enforcement. But there were problems with the gun-control registry, and only rightwing people opposed that.
There could be ethical problems, too, but these will hardly phase the professional ethicists in our universities and med schools today, who can justify abortion, euthanasia, and human cloning without even waking up in the morning. All they have to do is create a (quantified) "quality of life" test that everyone below a certain calorie-intake level will be sure to flunk. Think of it like an employee buy-out, from the company's point of view. At first there is a net increase in CO2 "costs" as people die and their corpses decay. But later, after they have finished decaying, there are substantial and permanent net savings on the CO2 account. "Short term pain for long term gain."
Um, perhaps in light of recent letters to the editor I should mention that I am being facetious. I am personally opposed to killing people as a way to solve problems; or at least, I'm opposed to killing them wantonly. It's a Catholic thing. On the other hand, I don't have an advanced degree in ethics, so what is my opinion worth?
And the global warming hysteria is one area of public policy entirely in the hands of experts. Only fully-qualified eco-scientists, and then, only those in the employ of the United Nations and the various national environmental bureaucracies, are consulted on the issue. ("The science is settled.") These are the sages of today, and fools of tomorrow.
There is a vast and growing literature of extremely well-qualified skeptics, who doubt the very premise behind the international hysteria -- that fluctuations in human-caused CO2 emissions have anything much to do with either global or regional temperature trends. Most have noticed that the trends coincide much better with solar cycles, beyond human control. But, by definition, these skeptics are not in the pay of the environmental bureaucracies, or at least, do not remain in their pay for long.
"Hoy-day, what a sweep of vanity comes this way!" quoth the sage, Apemantus. "We make ourselves fools to disport ourselves; and spend our flatteries to toast those men, upon whose age we void it up again, with poisonous spite and envy."
In his quest to make San Francisco the greenest city in the nation, Mayor Gavin Newsom recently created a $160,000-a-year job for a senior aide and gave him the ambitious-sounding title of director of climate protection initiatives. One might expect someone with such an exalted handle to solve global warming and save the rain forest all in a day's work. But the new climate protection initiatives director is just the latest person to join the city payroll in the name of tackling global climate woes, raising questions about whether environmentalism is becoming the latest excuse for a bloating government payroll. San Francisco has at least two dozen other city employees already working directly on climate issues at a cost to taxpayers of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
"Although it sounds very well intentioned, and perhaps even necessary, I'm concerned this is a case where eco-chic has gone out of control," said Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi, the only Green Party member on the Board of Supervisors.
Newsom's critics in City Hall have pounced on the amorphous "climate protection" title and have blasted the mayor for creating the new role - as well as for creating new jobs for other members of his senior circle and doling out hefty pay raises - while the city braces for a projected $233 million deficit next fiscal year and lawmakers contemplate reducing hospital operating room hours and delaying playground improvement projects to balance the budget.
But officials in the Newsom administration say that even 25 people working on climate issues is not enough and that having a director in the mayor's inner circle is necessary to coordinate all the city's climate initiatives. "If there are 25 people working on climate protection issues for the city, that's a good start," Newsom spokesman Nathan Ballard said. "Ten years ago, there probably weren't any. It's smart policy to have one point person at the highest level of city government to coordinate all 25 of them."
The city has a climate action plan, issued by Newsom after he took office in 2004, that aims to cut the city's greenhouse emissions by 2012 to 20 percent below 1990's level.
In addition to the director of climate protection initiatives in Newsom's office, San Francisco has an Energy and Climate Program team of eight people in the Department of the Environment, who combined earn more than $800,000 a year in salary and benefits, including a "climate action coordinator." At least 12 San Francisco Public Utilities Commission staff members work on climate issues related to water and energy, including a $146,000-a-year "projects manager for the climate action plan."
Also in the name of climate control, the Municipal Transportation Agency has a "manager of emissions reductions and sustainability programs" who works on making Muni's bus fleet greener, and the San Francisco International Airport has a "manager of environmental services" who oversees such projects as the installation of energy-efficient lighting and solar panels.
The list doesn't include the scores of staff members who work on broader environmental policies, like the recently hired $130,700-a-year "greening director" in Newsom's office, or Jared Blumenfeld, who earns $207,500 a year in salary and benefits as the head of the city's Environment Department, which has a staff of 65 and annual budget of about $14 million.
"I'm not entirely sure what the director of climate protection initiatives' job is, specifically, but I'm also not clear on what the global plan is for the city that justifies that many jobs on climate change," said Mirkarimi, who recently introduced his own climate control legislation that would require the city to take on a more unified effort in dealing with climate change initiatives rather than having each department work independently as many currently do.
In recent weeks, the wordy title of director of climate protection initiatives has become the butt of City Hall jokes about inflated bureaucratic jobs and Newsom's obsession with all things green. It also has sparked a debate over the mayor's spending and hiring practices after it was revealed that Newsom has been dipping into the budgets of cash-strapped city agencies to pay for the salary of his new climate control aide, and many others, while calling on other departments to implement hiring freezes and make drastic cuts.
A few weeks ago I speculated what would happen if human-caused significant global warming (AGW) turned out to be false. There might be a number of people who will refuse to give up on the idea, even though it is false, because their desire that AGW be true would be overwhelming. I guessed that these people would slip into pseudoscience, and so would need to generate excuses why we have not yet seen the effects of AGW. One possibility was human-created dust (aerosols) blocking incoming solar radiation. Another was "bad data": AGW is true, the earth really is warmer, but the data somehow are corrupted. And so on.
I failed to anticipate the most preposterous excuse of all. I came across it while browsing the excellent site Climate Debate Daily, which today linked to Coby Beck's article "How to Talk to a Global Warming Sceptic". Beck gives a list of arguments typically offered by "skeptics" and then attempts to refute them. Some of these refutations are good, and worth reading. His attempt at rebutting the skeptical criticism "The Modelers Won't Tell Us How Confident the Models Are" furnishes us with our pseudoscientific excuse. The skeptical objection is
There is no indication of how much confidence we should have in the models. How are we supposed to know if it is a serious prediction or just a wild guess?
There is indeed a lot of uncertainty in what the future will be, but this is not all because of an imperfect understanding of how the climate works. A large part of it is simply not knowing how the human race will react to this danger and/or how the world economy will develop. Since these factors control what emissions of CO2 will accumulate in the atmosphere, which in turn influences the temperature, there is really no way for a climate model to predict what the future will be.
This is as lovely a non sequitur as you're ever likely to find. I can't help but wonder if he blushed when he wrote it; I know I did when I read it. This excuse is absolutely bullet proof. I am in awe of it. There is no possible observation that can negate it. Whatever happens is a win for its believer. If the temperature goes up, the believer can say, "Our theories predicted this." If the temperature goes down, the believer can say, "There was no way to know the future."
What the believer in this statement is asking us to do, if it is not already apparent, is this: he wants you to believe that his prognostications are true because AGW is true, but he also wants you to believe that he should not be held accountable for his predictions should they fail because AGW is true. Thus, AGW is just true.
Beck knows he is on thin ice, because he quickly tries to get his readers to forget about climate forecasts and focus on "climate sensitivity", which is some measure showing how the atmosphere reacts to CO2. Of course, whatever this number is estimated to be means absolutely nothing about, has no bearing on, is meaningless to, is completely different than, is irrelevant to the context of, the performance of actual forecasts.
It is also absurd to claim that we cannot know "how the human race will react" to climate change while (tacitly or openly) simultaneously calling for legislation whose purpose is to knowingly direct human reactions.
So, if AGW does turn out to be false, those who still wish to believe in it will have to work very hard to come up with an excuse better than Beck's (whose work "has been endorsed by top climate scientists"). I am willing to bet that it cannot be done.
If two scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory are correct, people will still be driving gasoline-powered cars 50 years from now, churning out heat-trapping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere - and yet that carbon dioxide will not contribute to global warming.
In a proposal by two scientists, vehicle emissions would no longer contribute to global warming. The scientists, F. Jeffrey Martin and William L. Kubic Jr., are proposing a concept, which they have patriotically named Green Freedom, for removing carbon dioxide from the air and turning it back into gasoline. The idea is simple. Air would be blown over a liquid solution of potassium carbonate, which would absorb the carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide would then be extracted and subjected to chemical reactions that would turn it into fuel: methanol, gasoline or jet fuel.
This process could transform carbon dioxide from an unwanted, climate-changing pollutant into a vast resource for renewable fuels. The closed cycle - equal amounts of carbon dioxide emitted and removed - would mean that cars, trucks and airplanes using the synthetic fuels would no longer be contributing to global warming.
Although they have not yet built a synthetic fuel factory, or even a small prototype, the scientists say it is all based on existing technology. "Everything in the concept has been built, is operating or has a close cousin that is operating," Dr. Martin said.
The Los Alamos proposal does not violate any laws of physics, and other scientists, like George A. Olah, a Nobel Prize-winning chemist at the University of Southern California, and Klaus Lackner, a professor of geophysics at Columbia University, have independently suggested similar ideas. Dr. Martin said he and Dr. Kubic had worked out their concept in more detail than previous proposals.
There is, however, a major caveat that explains why no one has built a carbon-dioxide-to-gasoline factory: it requires a great deal of energy. To deal with that problem, the Los Alamos scientists say they have developed a number of innovations, including a new electrochemical process for detaching the carbon dioxide after it has been absorbed into the potassium carbonate solution. The process has been tested in Dr. Kubic's garage, in a simple apparatus that looks like mutant Tupperware.
Even with those improvements, providing the energy to produce gasoline on a commercial scale - say, 750,000 gallons a day - would require a dedicated power plant, preferably a nuclear one, the scientists say.
Monckton begins by saying that he is going to present a perspective on climate change science that the audience will have not seen in the media, from politicians or in reports on the science. Like Al Gore, Monckton is not a scientist and he has as much right as Al Gore to talk about climate change. His scientific approach is one of enquiry rather than advocacy. He talks about correct scientific method and quotes T. H. Huxley on scepticism being the improver of knowledge: "The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, scepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin."
He then explains that the debate is not about whether we can freely pollute the planet without care for our fellow creatures, or their or our future, or whether we are adding greenhouse gases to atmosphere, because we are, or that adding greenhouse gases doesn't enhance temperature - because it does.
Monckton turns his attention to climate alarmism about what might happen if the planet becomes a little warmer, and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports. Monckton points out that Sir John Houghton, the first IPCC chairman, said, "unless we announce disasters no one will listen." Al Gore is quoted as saying "I believe it is appropriate to have an over-representation of factual presentations on how dangerous it is." The science is being exaggerated to make people listen and there is political bias regardless of scientific truth. Hurricane expert Chris Landsea, resigned from the IPCC in 2005, saying, "I have come to view the part of the IPCC to which my expertise is relevant as having become politicized."
Monckton shows the error that he found in the supposedly highly scrutinised 2007 IPCC report on the melting of Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, where there are four wrong decimal points causing the figures to be in error by a factor of 10. See more here on page 14.
The IPCC is a `corporation' that puts itself first. It therefore has an interest in maintaining its existence and status. In order to demonstrate IPCC political bias, Monckton showa 3 statements that were in the 1995 IPCC draft report:
1. None of the studies cited above has shown clear evidence that we can attribute the observed [climate] changes to the specific cause of increases in greenhouse gasses.
2. No study to date has positively attributed all or part [of observed of observed climate change] to anthropogenic causes.
3. Any claims of positive detection of significant climate change are likely to remain controversial until uncertainties in the total natural variability of the climate system are reduced.
Politicians 'got at it' and took out the above from the final report which stated: "The balance of evidence suggests a discernible human influence on global climate."
The Consensus is questioned. Monckton suggests that the BBC has abandoned objectivity and then quotes a literature study of 539 papers published between 2004 and 2007, using the search term' global climate change,' where only one paper claimed catastrophe, but offered no evidence.
Hansen's 1988 temperature predictions are examined. Scenario `C' was based on CO2 in the atmosphere being stabilised, but the actual temperature trend has tracked this despite the non-stabilisation of CO2.
So are today's temperatures unprecedented? Monckton talks about the Medieval Warm Period. The UN IPCC report of 1990 showed a clear Medieval Warm Period (MWP) and a Little Ice Age (LIA), but the IPCC 2001 report showed the `Hockey Stick' graph 6 times in colour with no MWP. So how was this achieved? Data showing a hockey stick shape from Sheep Mountain in California was given 390 times the weighting of the data Mayberry Slough in Arizona, which had a MWP.
The tree ring data set that included MWP was left out, despite the researchers saying that it was included in the publications of 1998 and 1999. It was actually in a computer file marked `censored data.' Monckton asserted that researchers should make both data and methods available to be checked by other scientists. The US National Academy of Sciences panel described the hockey stick as plausible at best, and the `validation skill' not significantly different from zero.
Monckton then provides some of the evidence for a warm MWP: Data from 6000 bore holes give a rough idea that there was a warm MWP, Stalagmites from the Austria Alps and Southern Africa, Sediments from Sombre lake, Signy Island in Maritime Antarctica, and Lake Huguangyan, Leechow, South China. Formanifera from the NorthWestern Arabian Sea, Oman. The Sargasso sea, North Island NZ, sediment core from Spanish Pyrenees, pollen profile from Northern Fennoscandia, 3 examples of glacial variations from Swiss Alps. Canada, British Columbia, Azores, two from coastal Peru, the summit of Greenland ice sheet. He then shows a graphic of a timescale sensitive reconstructed Northern Hemisphere temperature showing the MWP and the LIA. Next he shows a Sediment-based treeline for the species `Zelkova Carpinifolia' demonstrating the Holocene Climate Optimum, the Roman Warm Period, and the MWP. He presents a slide of a 1340AD tree stump in California, well above today's tree-line.
Monckton points out that warmer is better - most species live in the tropics and hardly any at the poles. He concludes that, because there was a MWP up to 3C warmer than today:
He then moves on to talk about natural causes of climate change where his attention inevitably turns to the sun. First he mentions William Herschel who in 1801 noticed an inverse correlation between the number of sunspots in the 11-year cycle and the price of grain. He then quotes Solanki (2004) who claimed that the past 70 years of solar activity exceptional and similar to 8000 years ago. During the past 11400 years the sun has spent only 10% of the time at a similarly high level of magnetic activity and almost all earlier higher periods of activity were shorter than the current episode. The Sun has been more active than at any time since the last ice age
Monckton then shows a graph for 1880 - 1990 of CO2 and temperature mismatch, pointing out that there is not a good correlation. A graph of solar cycle length plotted against temperature is a better match - Solanki/Fligg (1999), as is the Central England Temperature (CET) series plotted against sunspot number, for1750 to 2000.
The next slide is from Neff et al (2001), showing Monsoon activity tracking solar activity, followed by a graph of solar activity versus temperature for the Arctic (Soon, 2004).
So, how much influence can the sun have? A slide of the CET, the world's longest instrumental temperature series, shows a 2.2C rise in just 35 years, 1700 to 1735, suggesting that the sun was the cause of the recovery from the Maunder Minimum. Monckton concedes that this is evidence from one place and one temperature series, but it is evidence nevertheless. He then shows a slide of the rising trend in solar activity from 1715 attributed to NASA's David Hathaway, followed by conclusions from the International Astronomical Union Symposium in 2004:
So how do we distinguish natural from anthropogenic warming? CO2 and temperature is not a good match as we have already seen.
A good match is temperature anomalies for 1979 to 2001 and tropical outgoing long wave radiation. Why? The sun is incident on the tropics - the azimuth angle is 90 degrees - so most heating is in the tropics - the atmospheric transport engine takes heat away from tropics to northern latitudes and to a lesser extent southern latitudes. So, the tropics are the place to look for a `hot spot' of anthropogenic warming. Monckton shows the IPCC 2007 modelled climate forcings for anthropogenic greenhouse gasses, aerosols, ozone, plus solar and volcanic. If they are combined into a single graph, there should be an anthropogenic fingerprint or hot spot in the tropics. However, the fingerprint is absent from the actual troposphere data, or shows only a small signal at best, suggesting a small effect of CO2 in the atmosphere.
Monckton then discusses some of reasons why computer models are wrong and can't provide proof of anthropogenic global warming, whereas a mathematical model of the pythagorous theorem can provide absolute proof. Physical sciences with inadequate data cannot provide proof. He quotes Syun-Ichi Akasofu as saying, "No supercomputer, no matter how powerful, is able to prove definitively a simplistic hypothesis that says the greenhouse effect is responsible for warming."
Next, Monckton discusses the Stefan-Boltzmann equation and the huge range of temperature changes published in the literature for a doubling of CO2. Monckton's own calculation, based on IPCC 2007, is 1.6C for a doubling of CO2, but the IPCC says 3C. He points out that Svante Arrhenius calculated a 4C to 8C temperature change for a doubling of CO2 in 1896, but in 1906, he had the Stefan-Boltzmann equation available to him and re-calculated everything to give 1.6C.
With the wide range of temperature predictions in mind, Monckton looks at the constraints on CO2, which mean that it is not a major factor in climate: In 1750, CO2 was 0.03% by volume in the atmosphere; in 2007 it is about 0.04%, a change of +0.01%. The IPCC has reduced CO2 forcing by one-fifth in 12 years (1995 to 2007), yet it has kept climate sensitivity at 3C.
Monckton shows a graph of CO2 v temperature over 600,000 years where CO2 and temperature often go in opposite directions, suggesting CO2 is not the main driver of global temperature. The IPCC admits that CO2 went up to about 6000 ppmv in the Cambrian period and the global average temperature was 22C. He claims CO2 residency time is about 5 to 10 years from various publications. The IPCC claim 50 to 200 years based on "the time required for the atmosphere to adjust to a future equilibrium state if emissions change abruptly," (IPCC 1990). Monckton considers that the IPCC definition has nothing to do with a genuine residency time.
He then moves on to some of the '35 errors' in Al Gore's `An Inconvenient Truth,' which I won't dwell on as they are explained in detail here. Monckton then discusses CO2 emissions saying that China is the one to watch; if the UK reduced emissions to zero, then they would be made up by just the increase in Chinese emissions in less than 2 years. Apply that to Europe, US and Canada, and then China plus India would make up the difference in their own emissions growth in 10 to 15 years. Shutting down the western economy will therefore not make any difference.
He presents a graphic of child mortality up to the age of 5 per thousand born, against CO2 emissions demonstrates that the higher the CO2 emissions per capita, the lower the child mortality. Population increase is faster in developing countries - denying developing CO2 emissions will likely increase their populations.
Monckton then attacks what he calls the murderous `Precautionary Principle' as an expedience used by environmentalist lobby to push policies that would otherwise be unacceptable. He looks at two previous global scares: one real, and one bogus where the policies were wrong because of the effect of pressure groups.
The first is HIV, where he says the correct policy would have been to isolate cases in order to prevent spread of the disease, but this was regarded as totally unacceptable. The result: 25 million died, with 40 million infected worldwide. 0.7% infected in the US, 1% is the epidemic threshold. 7.5% infected south of the Sahara. The second is Malaria, where the 3 letters `DDT' are absent from IPCC ramblings in its latest report. Before DDT was `banned,' there were 50,000 deaths per year from Malaria. After the ban, there were 1,000,000 deaths per year. As a result, excess deaths are put at between 30 and 50 million. On 15th September 2006, the DDT ban was lifted by WHO. Dr Arata Kochi or WHO said, "Quite often in this field politics comes first and science second. We must take a position based on the science and the data."
Monckton then addresses the claim by Gore and others that there are `moral issues' in the climate change debate. He agrees that there are - exaggeration, alarmism, false claims, false claims of consensus, to allow insertion of false claims or data into reports by politicians, to exalt computer models over data, lack of objectivity, inflicting energy starvation, false denial of past temperatures higher than today's, claiming extreme weather events are caused by humans, and so on, are all moral issues. He concludes with reference to the human race, "We must get the science right, or we shall get the policy wrong. We have failed them and failed them before. We must not fail again."
After the applause dies down, there is time for a number of good questions, which Monckton handles well. In my view the presentation was well prepared, well referenced and eloquently delivered, with emotional pleas over the genuine moral issues. Christopher Monckton comes across as a sincere man who is persuaded by objective science. The cause of climate realists has been enhanced by his involvement in the climate change debate, and this DVD is recommended viewing for those seeking an antidote to the daily dose of climate alarmism in the media, or an alternative scientific perspective.
Dr Vincent Gray, a member of the UN IPCC Expert Reviewers Panel since its inception, has written to Professor David Henderson, to support the latter's call for a review of the IPCC and its procedures. Dr Gray wrote:
Thank you for your latest article containing your analysis of the limitations of the IPCC and your belief that it is possible for it to be reformed. I have been an "Expert Reviewer" for the IPCC right from the start and I have submitted a very large number of comments on their drafts. It has recently been revealed that I submitted 1,898 comments on the Final Draft of the current Report.
Over the period I have made an intensive study of the data and procedures used by IPCC contributors throughout their whole study range. I have a large library of reprints, books and comments and have published many comments of my own in published papers, a book, and in my occasional newsletter, the current number being 157.
I began with a belief in scientific ethics, that scientists would answer queries honestly, that scientific argument would take place purely on the basis of facts, logic and established scientific and mathematical principles. Right from the beginning I have had difficulty with this procedure. Penetrating questions often ended without any answer. Comments on the IPCC drafts were rejected without explanation, and attempts to pursue the matter were frustrated indefinitely.
Over the years, as I have learned more about the data and procedures of the IPCC I have found increasing opposition by them to providing explanations, until I have been forced to the conclusion that for significant parts of the work of the IPCC, the data collection and scientific methods employed are unsound. Resistance to all efforts to try and discuss or rectify these problems has convinced me that normal scientific procedures are not only rejected by the IPCC, but that this practice is endemic, and was part of the organisation from the very beginning. I therefore consider that the IPCC is fundamentally corrupt. The only "reform" I could envisage, would be its abolition.
I wonder whether I could summarize briefly some of the reasons why the scientific procedures followed by the IPCC are fundamentally unsound. Some of you may have received more detail if you received my recent NZClimate Truth Newsletters (see under "Links" on this website).
The two main "scientific" claims of the IPCC are the claim that "the globe is warming" and "Increases in carbon dioxide emissions are responsible". Evidence for both of these claims is fatally flawed. To start with the "global warming" claim. It is based on a graph showing that "mean annual global temperature" has been increasing. This claim fails from two fundamental facts
1. No average temperature of any part of the earth's surface, over any period, has ever been made. How can you derive a "global average" when you do not even have a single "local" average? What they actually use is the procedure used from 1850, which is to make one measurement a day at the weather station from a maximum/minimum thermometer. The mean of these two is taken to be the average. No statistician could agree that a plausible average can be obtained this way. The potential bias is more than the claimed "global warming.
2. The sample is grossly unrepresentative of the earth's surface, mostly near to towns. No statistician could accept an "average" based on such a poor sample. It cannot possibly be "corrected" It is of interest that frantic efforts to "correct" for these uncorrectable errors have produced mean temperature records for the USA and China which show no overall "warming" at all. If they were able to "correct" the rest, the same result is likely
And, then after all, there has been no "global warming", however measured, for eight years, and this year is all set to be cooling. As a result it is now politically incorrect to speak of "global warming". The buzzword is "Climate Change" which is still blamed on the non-existent "warming"
The other flagship set of data promoted by the IPCC are the figures showing the increase in atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide. They have manipulated the data in such a way to persuade us (including most scientists) that this concentration is constant throughout the atmosphere. In order to do this, they refrain from publishing any results which they do not like, and they have suppressed no less than 90,000 measurements of atmospheric carbon dioxide made in the last 150 years. Some of these were made by Nobel Prizewinners and all were published in the best scientific journals. Ernst Beck has published on the net all the actual papers.
My main complaint with the IPCC is in the methods used to "evaluate" computer models. Proper "validation" of models should involve proved evidence that they are capable of future prediction within the range required, and to a satisfactory level of accuracy. Without this procedure, no self-respecting computer engineer would dare to make use of a model for prediction. No computer climate model has ever been tested in this way, so none should be used for prediction.
They sort of accept this by never permitting the use of the term "prediction", only "projection". But they then go ahead predicting anyway. There is a basic logical principle that a correlation, however convincing, is not proof of causation. Most scientists pay at least lip service to this principle, but its widespread lack of acceptance by the general public have led to IPCC to explore it as one of their methods of "evaluating" models.
The models are so full of inaccurately known parameters and equations that it is comparatively easy to "fudge" an approximate fit to the few climate sequences that might respond. This sort of evidence is the main feature of most of the current promotional lectures.
The most elaborate of all their "evaluation" techniques is far more dubious. Since they have failed to show that any models are actually capable of prediction, they have decided to "evaluate" them by asking the opinions of those who originate them, people with a financial interest in their success. This has become so complex that many have failed to notice that it has no scientific basis, but is just an assembly of the "gut feelings" of self-styled "experts". It has been developed to a complex web of "likelihoods", all of which are assigned fake "probability" levels.
By drawing attention to these obvious facts I have now found myself persona non grata with most of my local professional associations, Surely, I am questioning the integrity of these award-winning scientific leaders of the local science establishment. When you get down to it, that is what is involved.
I somehow understood that the threshold had been passed when I viewed "The Great Global Warming Swindle". Yes, we have to face it. The whole process is a swindle, The IPCC from the beginning was given the licence to use whatever methods would be necessary to provide "evidence" that carbon dioxide increases are harming the climate, even if this involves manipulation of dubious data and using peoples' opinions instead of science to "prove" their case.
The disappearance of the IPCC in disgrace is not only desirable but inevitable. The reason is, that the world will slowly realise that the "predictions" emanating from the IPCC will not happen. The absence of any "global warming" for the past eight years is just the beginning. Sooner or later all of us will come to realise that this organisation, and the thinking behind it, is phony. Unfortunately severe economic damage is likely to be done by its influence before that happens. --
The global surface temperature anomaly data from the UK Hadley Climate Research Unit has just been released, and it shows a significant drop in the global temperature anomaly in January 2008, to just 0.034øC, just slightly above zero. This caps a full year of temperature drop from HadCRUT's January 2007 value of 0.632øC
The deltaT for the year then is 0.595øC which is in line with other respected global temperature metrics that I have reported on in the past two weeks. RSS, UAH, and GISS global temperature sets all show sharp drops in the last year.
We are in an extended solar minimum, we have a shift in the Pacific Decadal Oscillation to a cold state, and we are seeing arctic ice extents setting new records and rebounding from the summer melt.While weather is defined as such variability, the fact that so many things are in agreement on a global scale in such a short time span of one year should give us pause.
It's bad enough when European and American politicians desperate to "do something" about global warming appear willing to sacrifice economic growth in their own countries. Now they are ready forsake the world's poorest citizens, too.
For 15 years, developing countries like China and India have refused to join the crusade against climate change because the solution to global warming -- reducing greenhouse gas emissions -- hurts their number one priority, economic growth. That is, poor countries chose the fight against poverty over the fight against climate change.
Until a few months ago, developed countries formally respected developing nations' "right to develop," as it's known in diplomat-speak. The first major international treaty to address global warming, the Kyoto Protocol, exempted developing countries altogether from binding emissions reductions.
This arrangement worked as long as rich countries ignored their promises to fix the climate. Developed countries first agreed to undertake emissions reductions at the 1992 Rio Earth Summit. They haven't, and global emissions have continued to rise. The Kyoto Protocol has been another failure, which is why Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper says that it "divided the world into two groups, those that would have no targets, and those that would meet no targets."
RECENTLY, HOWEVER, politicians in Europe and America have indicated that they intend to get serious about climate change. Now that costly emissions reductions are at hand, leaders in developed countries have decided that they want to orchestrate a global response to global warming, irrespective of the human consequences -- whether developing nations like it or not.
To force developing countries to reduce their carbon footprint, politicians in developed countries have embraced a novel, if sinister, solution: global warming tariffs. By taxing the carbon footprint of imports, the United States and the European Union's member states would export emissions regulations to developing countries.
Support for a carbon tariff is said to be strong among EU bureaucrats in Brussels. And French President Nicolas Sarkozy has promised to "defend the principle of a carbon compensation mechanism (i.e., a carbon tariff) at the EU's borders with regard to countries that don't put in place rules for reducing greenhouse gas emissions."
In the U.S., import duties are a part of the Lieberman-Warner climate change bill now making its way through the Senate. The Bush administration has given mixed signals. A month ago, U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab told reporters that the administration had "been dismayed at a variety of suggestions where we see climate or the environment being used as an excuse to close markets."
A week later, however, the U.S. Ambassador to the European Union, C. Boyden Gray, gave European journalists a different perspective. According to the Bureau of National Affairs, Ambassador Gray said that the EU and America would "have no choice" but to enact carbon tariffs if developing countries did not voluntarily commit to emissions reductions.
Clearly, carbon tariff policies are gaining political traction in rich countries. That should worry advocates for the world's poorest citizens, because free trade is the surest ticket out of poverty.
By facilitating the unfettered flow of finance, goods and services across national boundaries, trade liberalization allows developing countries to use their comparative advantage -- abundant, inexpensive labor -- to produce goods and services for the global marketplace at competitive prices. According to the World Bank, free trade policies enacted in the 1980s caused a shift in manufacturing and service activities from rich to poor countries that delivered more than 100 million people out of poverty during the 1990s.
Carbon tariffs are designed to mitigate climate change, but they would also mitigate wealth creation. Rich-country politicians need to acknowledge the profound human toll of global warming protectionism before they try to force developing countries into an international scheme to fight climate change.
An Australian writer flagellates the green-leaning C of E bishops who want to turn Lent into 40 days and 40 nights of conserving energy.
Ash Wednesday was something special when I was a child. You exited church with a huge carbon smut on your forehead. Woe betide the coward who furtively wiped it off. Our nun teacher, who bore a remarkable resemblance to the Penguin of The Blues Brothers fame, told us that those ashes were a poke in the eye of a godless world.
So when I read that the Church of England (CofE) bishops of London and Liverpool, Dr Richard Chartres and James Jones, have declared a carbon-free Lent, I could just imagine the Penguin unsheathing her wooden yardstick to xylophone their knuckles. `How dare those brazen things take the ash out of Ash Wednesday?' she would be muttering.
Amen to that. Just how will a carbon-free Lent make Britain more Christian? Even to an unbeliever, the bishops' initiative seems just a bit daft. As the non plus ultra of Lenten self-denial, participants in the Carbon Fast are to remove one prominent light bulb and live without it for 40 excruciating days. On Easter, they will screw in a low-energy bulb, thus saving 60kg of carbon (1).
The symbolism of this is perfect, if inadvertent. Why the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead should be symbolised by Easter Bunnies and chocolate Easter eggs has never been clear to me. But replacing high-energy light bulbs with dimmer low-energy ones seems a perfect image of the slow extinction of Christianity in England.
Instead of fasting for Lent, the bishops are urging their faithful to reduce their carbon footprint a fraction each day. Instead of giving up snacking on chocolates, they are told to avoid using plastic bags. Instead of giving up lolly-gobbling, they are told to unplug their mobile phone charger. Instead of giving up alcohol, they are told to check the house for draughts (2).
Along with God, the bishops seem to have lost their common sense. Obesity has been linked to global warming (3). Chocoholic lolly-gobblers walk less, consume more McDonald's and use more electric appliances. Have they calculated how much the carbon footprint of their flock would shrink if they gave up sweets for Lent? And the idea that reusing old envelopes is superior to teetotalling as a way of reducing carbon emissions is risible. The conversion of the legions of Britain's alleged binge drinkers would be a great environmental, as well as spiritual, achievement.
As the bishops rightly point out, however, Lent is not only about penitential practices like fasting, going temporarily vegan and taking cold showers. It is also about concern for one's neighbour. The sample sermon in the promotions kit for their Carbon Fast includes the touching story of Andrew Maglasey's young family. Their life has apparently been ruined by climate change.
But bishops in Britain should be concerned about the global impact of a warmer world - and the fact that it might potentially be a good thing. Danish statistician Bjorn Lomborg claims that deaths attributable to excessively hot weather are typically an order of magnitude lower than that for excessively cold weather. In Europe, the figures are 1.5million cold deaths versus 200,000 heat deaths. Overall, claims Lomborg, by 2050 a warmer planet might actually save 1.4million lives a year.
I realise that in the eyes of environmentally aware bishops, Lomborg is a heretic - not just a scientific heretic, but a stack-the-faggots-dry-and-high sort of heretic. The theologian du jour is Al Gore, whose documentary An Inconvenient Truth is a recommended resource for the Carbon Fast campaign. Perhaps they are thinking of adding it to the Bible as a multimedia appendix to the Book of the Apocalypse.
Nonetheless, their eco-friendly Lenten resolutions would benefit from Lomborg's rigorous scrutiny of the impact on developing countries. If less petrol is consumed, won't that put Nigerians out of work? If you use low-energy lightbulbs made in Holland, will that put out of work Indonesians who make the high-energy ones? Are Bishop Chartres and Bishop Jones willing to take responsibility for the deaths that a cooler world may cause?
Chesterton is reported to have said that those who stop believing in Christianity don't believe in nothing, they believe in anything. This is not an epigram which the readers of spiked, a generally godless publication, are likely to assent to. But it does seem to apply to certain clerics. Having abandoned traditional practices of Christian piety in a desperate search for relevance and fuller pews, the bishops have resorted to touting an activities list which treats the environment with the respect they once paid to God.
The problem with sprinkling holy water over 40 sensible ways of being thrifty is that they don't express an interior conversion to anything, much less God. You don't need to be a Christian to want to save money by using less electricity. The old ways of living Lent were senseless, in a way. But they symbolised a sturdy desire to amend one's life, which was hopefully reflected in more upright behaviour and greater devotion to religious practice. The new Carbon-free Lent is nothing of the sort: it lacks any sense of transcendence whatsoever.
Above all, the privations of Lent were supposed to be an imitation of the 40 days Christ spent in the desert fasting before beginning his ministry. Fasting and penance are essential to Christianity because its founder commanded them: `If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.' It is a strange sales pitch in the Penguin's godless world, but at least it is a distinctive one - unlike the bishops' commonsense message of thrift, which appears to have been cribbed from a list of handy household hints by Tesco's public relations department.
However, one of the bishops' suggestions is more demanding than anything the Penguin would ever have recommended to us. On the thirty-ninth day of Lent, Good Friday, the day when Christendom contemplates the betrayal, the scourging, the crucifixion and agonising death of Christ, they want their flock to talk to church leaders about making their churches greener. Only a saint could possibly do that. Give me a hairshirt any day.
Note that the "Express" story below is about winter ice while the Greenies have been gloating about summer ice. Nonetheless, if all the summer loss is replaced in winter the Greenies have only got theory to hang their hats on.
Also note that -- according to paleoclimate research -- the earth never loses its polar ice, not even during eras of extreme global warming. So the whole Greenie gloat is sensationalism, not science.
Note thirdly that the article below is from the mass media but the truth behind it can be seen from the scientific graphs below -- the first of which shows the extent of the antarctic sea ice right now -- which is SUMMER in the Antarctic. Instead of being minimal, the area of ice is greater now than it has ever been in the period graphed.
And it's not only the Antarctic. The graph below is of the Arctic anomaly. Look at the tail end of it and you will see that after the big melt of 2007, the ice area has popped back up to normal
New evidence has cast doubt on claims that the world's ice-caps are melting, it emerged last night. Satellite data shows that concerns over the levels of sea ice may have been premature. It was feared that the polar caps were vanishing because of the effects of global warming. But figures from the respected US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration show that almost all the "lost" ice has come back. Ice levels which had shrunk from 13million sq km in January 2007 to just four million in October, are almost back to their original levels. Figures show that there is nearly a third more ice in Antarctica than is usual for the time of year.
The data flies in the face of many current thinkers and will be seized on by climate change sceptics who deny that the world is undergoing global warming.
A photograph of polar bears clinging on to a melting iceberg has become one of the most enduring images in the campaign against climate change. It was used by former US Vice President Al Gore during his Inconvenient Truth lectures about mankind's impact on the world. But scientists say the northern hemisphere has endured its coldest winter in decades. They add that snow cover across the area is at its greatest since 1966.
The one exception is Western Europe, which has - until the weekend when temperatures plunged to as low as -10C in some places - been basking in unseasonably warm weather. The UK has reported one of its warmest winters on record. However, vast swathes of the world have suffered chaos because of some of the heaviest snowfalls in decades. Central and southern China, the USA and Canada were hit hard by snowstorms.
Even the Middle East saw snow, with Jerusalem, Damascus, Amman and northern Saudi Arabia reporting the heaviest falls in years and below-zero temperatures. Meanwhile, in Afghanistan snow and freezing weather killed 120 people.
In Britain the balmy February weather came to an abrupt halt at the weekend as temperatures plunged to -10C in central England. Experts believe that this month could end up as one of the coldest Februaries in Britain in the past 10 years.
The freezing night-time conditions look set to stay around -8C until at least the middle of the week. A Met Office spokesman explained: "There has been little or no cloud cover across England and Wales. So there is a capacity for a fair bit of heat to be able to escape at night. "It has been warmer in Scotland but that's because it has been cloudy there. "Until the weekend the temperatures were in the 14s and 15s, and we will see a return to that later this week, though it will look grey and overcast when the clouds return." But he added that there was little chance of snow. He said: "When the rain comes it will get warmer."
Here's the essential common core of hatred and destruction in the doctrines of Communism, Nazism, and Environmentalism. Only the concretes differ, not the fundamental principle of hatred for human life and happiness.
Communism: The pursuit of individual self-interest causes monopolies, depressions, and exploitation of workers by capitalists. It must be replaced by self-sacrifice for the benefit of the working class and the Socialist State. Capitalists and landowners must be exterminated for the benefit of the proletariat.
Nazism: The pursuit of individual self-interest causes racial impurity, national decline, and exploitation of German workers by Jewish capitalists. It must be replaced by self-sacrifice for the good of the Aryan master race and the National Socialist State. Jews, Gypsies, and Slavs must be exterminated for the benefit of the German Nation.
Environmentalism: The pursuit of individual self-interest causes global warming, acid rain, and ozone depletion. It must be replaced by self-sacrifice for the good of other species-our "fellow biota"-and for the good of the planet, under the auspices of international treaties and a nascent Global Socialist State: the UN.
Most of the human race must be exterminated for the benefit of exploited species and the planet. (This is what the environmentalist "extremists" already openly say. The "moderates" merely want to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 90 percent and thereby reduce the American standard of living to that of a third world country, with a third world country's infant mortality and life expectancy
I think the Fascist argument has taken a unique angle in this case, which has led to its success. This time, the proposition isn't that industrial civilization is a pox upon the poor but that its very instruments will bring ruin to the rich themselves, their freewheeling practices destroying the very earth that sustains them. Those who don't buy into the notion that capitalism is an evil exploiter of the weak can buy into this, that self-interest demands a revolution in how modern society does business.
I have found even the most unabashed advocates to be momentarily at a loss, however, when reminded in debate that, given how no one claims that even the biggest baddest proposal ever tabled -- Kyoto -- would according to anyone, under any set of assumptions or scenarios, have a detectable impact on climate, the reasonable conclusion is that these proposals aren't actually about a climate emergency, or even the climate. And that another reasonable conclusion is that the only thing that inarguably *would* result -- the attainment of a long-held policy wish-list and assertion of authority -- is what they are about.
Even the wooliest among my counterparts have seemed to shy away from responding "but it's just the first of 30 treaties!" to support their thesis that the sky has been collapsing all around us and it is imperative that we impose a 100-yr plan of billions-of-dollars
Fascism, rather than being a right-wing phenomenon as liberals are so fond of claiming, is what underlies today’s liberal agenda. And it is borrowed lock, stock, and barrel from Benito Mussolini’s fascist state and Hitler’s National Socialism, says Jonah Goldberg author of “Liberal Fascism: The Secret History of the American Left, From Mussolini to the Politics of Meaning.”
As the publishers note, the Nazis were socialists who, unlike conservatives, believed in free healthcare and guaranteed jobs. They confiscated inherited wealth, spent vast sums on education, drove religion from the public square replacing it with a new form of paganism, and inserted the power of government into every nook and cranny of daily life.
Goldberg feels that liberals are aligned against the tragic "wrong turn" that society allegedly took when it rejected the beliefs that social and gender roles are not fixed; that tradition, religion and natural law have no binding power or authority over the individual's will to power.
He writes that "nowhere is the idea of the Wrong Turn more starkly expressed in both National Socialist and temporary thought than in environmentalism . Man, liberals insist, has lost his harmony with nature, his way of life is inauthentic, corrupting, unnatural." Liberals demand the world's belief in manmade global warming, despite many learned scientists' contrary opinions.
Environmentalism's most fascist ingredient, Goldberg writes, is that "it is an invaluable `crisis mechanism.' Al Gore constantly insists that global warming is the defining crisis of our time. Skeptics [of bandwagon liberal theories] are labeled traitors, Holocaust deniers, tools of `carbon interests.'"
He recalls how Gore appeared before Congress last year and told them, "the world has a fever" and explained that when your baby has a fever, you "take action. You do what the doctor says." No time to debate, no room for argument. We must go beyond politics.
In practical terms, this means we must surrender to the global nanny state and create the sort of "economic dictatorship" progressives yearn for. Gore's catastrophic global warming alarmism provides the perfect platform for the creation of a global authority that regulates just about every human activity, a prescription for an absolute global dictatorship.
In Nazi Germany, crises were dealt with militantly. Soft measures were not the way to deal with immediate problems, such as what the Nazis defined as the "Jewish question." According to Goldberg "The old critique of the Hebrew disease metastasized into an indictment of what could be called the human disease" - one of environmentalism's chief bugaboos - overpopulation.
One of the defining characteristics of both Italian Fascism and Nazism was their need to use coercion to impose their political and philosophical agendas. It is no accident that the progressive programs advanced by today's liberals all employ coercion of one form or another to implement them.
Canada's chief electoral officer has been asked to investigate a series of radio ads, funded by an Alberta-based global warming skeptics group, which targeted key markets in vote-rich Ontario during the 2006 federal election.
The ads, which questioned the previous Liberal government's climate change spending and initiatives, aired in five major Ontario markets and were financed through an elaborate system which allowed $200,000 to flow from a 53-year-old charity into a trust account at the University of Calgary.
The account was then used by an anti-Kyoto Protocol group called the Friends of Science.The group was formed a few years ago in Alberta by academics and former oil industry insiders, among others, to challenge Canada's participation in the international Kyoto Protocol, a climate change agreement, and to cast doubt on peer-reviewed research that suggests human activity is causing dangerous changes to the climate and irreversible damage to the earth's ecosystems.
Jeff Jacoby courageously denounces the hysterical groupthink so prominent in the crusade against global warming ("Hot tempers on global warming," August 15).
I am a global-warming skeptic - not of the science of climate change (for I have no expertise to judge it), but a skeptic of combating climate change with increased government power. Al Gore, Robert Kennedy, Jr., and too many others dismiss the downside of curtailing capitalism in order to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. They write and speak as if the material prosperity that capitalism brings is either not threatened by increased government power, or is of only small importance when compared to the threat of global warming. Truly reasonable people are, and ought to be, skeptical of each of these dogmas.
Flights to Athens international airport were grounded on Sunday and more than 25 Greek villages were cut off after heavy snowfalls, which disrupted traffic as far south as the island of Crete. The snowstorm, the result of two cold fronts moving south from Russia and Scandinavia, struck Athens on Sunday, covering the Parthenon and the temple of Zeus in white. Some train and bus routes were cancelled, with snow ploughs struggling to keep main highways open. Flights to and from Athens international airport were grounded at least until 0100 GMT on Monday because of poor visibility, which was at less than 100 metres.
Temperatures in Athens remained at zero degrees Celsius (32 Fahrenheit) while around the country temperatures ranging between minus 5C and minus 15C were reported. In the northern town of Trikala fire brigade officials rescued stranded passengers after their car stalled in an isolated part of town.
"We expect the storm to start weakening from the early hours of Monday," said meteorologist Panagiotis Yannopoulos at national weather service EMY. "By tomorrow afternoon it will be over."
More than 25 villages were reported to be cut off around Greece, many on the island of Evia. Several villages were also snowed in on the Peloponnese peninsula and as far south as the island of Crete.
Traffic piled up on some highways after cars slid off the road. Roads in various parts of the country remained closed. Heavy trucks were banned for the next 24 hours and authorities said they would close schools on Monday in various regions.
Heavy snow and slush closed the Kansas City International Airport for almost six hours, the longest in its 35-year history.
The closing Sunday led to the canceling of dozens of flights.Airport spokesman Joe McBride said the airport's runways were closed around 6:30 a.m. when friction testing showed conditions were too slick to safely operate aircraft. "A 150 mph aircraft hydroplaning is not a good thing," McBride said.
As of 10 a.m., the airport had registered 4 inches of snow. McBride said that the airport has closed only a few times in its history and never for more than four hours. Kansas City International sees about 440 flights a day.
Because of a harsh and snowy winter, wildlife managers will start feeding starving deer near Eagle and Wolcott for just the third time in almost 25 years.
The consistent, heavy snowfall that's been so good for the ski slopes has covered up the small plants and shrubs, like sage brush, that deer eat in the winter. Deer don't store as much fat as elk, so those plants that poke up through the snow are vital to their survival.
Now, the deer are hungry enough to start stripping juniper trees, which have almost no nutrition. It's a sure sign of desperation, says Randy Hampton, spokesman for the Division of Wildlife.The Division of Wildlife will only consider feeding animals if there's a chance more than 30 percent of adult female deer will die in a winter. This has only happened in the winters of 1983-1984 and 1996-1997, and it looks like that could happen.
So, deer will be feed at 20 locations around Eagle and Wolcott, and the Division of Wildlife will need volunteers and money to do it, Hampton said. The feed alone will cost around $120,000.TrappedNo matter how mild a winter may be, cold weather is always tough for animals. "Some animals will always die during winter, typically the very young, the very old, and the ones that may be sick," Hampton said.
But for the past 12 years, many of these deer haven't experienced a truly tough Colorado winter, Hampton said. So, when deer seek out those mountain valleys where they've found winter food in the past, they've found almost nothing this year and are often trapped in these valleys by towering snow drifts.
When the deer aren't trapped, they'll be venturing past their comfort zones looking for food, which means they'll be coming closer to roads, homes and humans. Seeing a starving, bony deer can be an unsettling sight to many people, Hampton said. "Some people are upset by it, and others understand it, but at that point, there's not much we can do about it," Hampton said.
In the late 18th century Vienna closed the city gates for the first time to keep out marauding packs of wolves attacking citizens on the streets because there was a paucity of game in the forests.
This idea of interfering with nature is problematic and shows lack of understanding of the extreme degree to which animal populations fluctuate naturally. The fallacy is that animal populations are relatively stable. I ran into this problem when doing an extensive study on the impact of hydrolelectric dams on nature and the aboriginal communities of the area.
There's an upside to the extreme cold temperatures northern Canadians have endured in the last few weeks: scientists say it's been helping winter sea ice grow across the Arctic, where the ice shrank to record-low levels last year. Temperatures have stayed well in the -30s C and -40s C range since late January throughout the North, with the mercury dipping past -50 C in some areas.
Satellite images are showing that the cold spell is helping the sea ice expand in coverage by about 2 million square kilometres, compared to the average winter coverage in the previous three years. "It's nice to know that the ice is recovering," Josefino Comiso, a senior research scientist with the Cryospheric Sciences Branch of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Centre in Maryland, told CBC News on Thursday. "That means that maybe the perennial ice would not go down as low as last year."
Canadian scientists are also noticing growing ice coverage in most areas of the Arctic, including the southern Davis Strait and the Beaufort Sea. "Clearly, we're seeing the ice coverage rebound back to more near normal coverage for this time of year," said Gilles Langis, a senior ice forecaster with the Canadian Ice Service in Ottawa.
The cold is also making the ice thicker in some areas, compared to recorded thicknesses last year, Lagnis added. "The ice is about 10 to 20 centimetres thicker than last year, so that's a significant increase," he said. If temperatures remain cold this winter, Langis said winter sea ice coverage will continue to expand. But he added that it's too soon to say what impact this winter will have on the Arctic summer sea ice, which reached its lowest coverage ever recorded in the summer of 2007.
That was because the thick multi-year ice pack that survives a summer melt has been decreasing in recent years, as well as moving further south. Langis said the ice pack is currently located about 130 kilometres from the Mackenzie Delta, about half the distance from where it was last year.
A leading expert in forecasting says research into the impact of climate change on polar bears has been shockingly shoddy
Despite the steady growth of the polar bear population over the past 40 years - it now stands between 20,000 and 25,000 - there is no shortage of doom-laden reports about the bears' imminent demise on our warming planet. Some refer to polar bears as the `canaries of climate change'. Indeed, so strong is the misery-mongering about polar bears that the US is currently trying to list them as an endangered species; and its campaign has been aided and abetted by several pieces of US government-sponsored research into polar bear numbers. Yet according to experts in the field of forecasting methods, official rumours of the polar bear's demise have been greatly exaggerated.
The forecasters' claims cast a very different light on the prevailing consensus on the inevitable decimation of the polar bear population. Towards the end of 2006, Senator Kempthorne, secretary for the United States Department of the Interior, announced America's plans to list `this Great Icon of the Arctic' as an endangered species (1). This assumed that rising temperatures were causing the polar bears' Arctic habitat to `literally melt away'. However, assumptions do not - well, not yet anyway - provide sufficient grounds for public policy. So, in order to support its case, the Department of the Interior commissioned the United States Geological Survey (USGS) to research the effect climate change would have on the Arctic region. And with this, they surmised, they could predict the future of the polar bear, too.
The conclusions were unequivocal. Steven Amstrup of the USGS Alaska Science Centre, co-author of one of the commissioned reports, stated: `As the sea ice goes, so goes the polar bear.' (2) Since then, matters have continued apace, and this January the US Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works convened to examine `Threats and Protection for the Polar Bear'. However, despite the best efforts of the pro-listing lobby, there is just one problem: the methods used to divine the fate of the polar bear due to climate change are not very scientific.
So argues Scott Armstrong, professor of marketing at the University of Pennsylvania, Kesten Green, senior research fellow at Monash University, and Willie Soon, an astrophysicist at Harvard, in a report commissioned by the State of Alaska: Polar Bear Population Forecasts: A Public-Policy Forecasting Audit. As international experts in forecasting methods, they examined the two main reports commissioned by the US Department of the Interior and failed to find `a single climate modelling procedure which was consistent with scientific methods' (3). On 30 January 2008, they presented their findings to the US Senate Committee (see their presentation here).
Armstrong and his colleagues are no strangers to controversy. Last summer, they launched the `Global Warming Challenge', betting Al Gore $10,000 that over the next 10 years global temperatures would remain about the same (see Put your money where your myth is, by Brendan O'Neill ). But while they are not averse to taking a contrarian line, this is not what drives them. As their audit makes clear, the forecasting principles contravened by the Department of the Interior reports are not esoteric points only of interest to mathematical pedants; rather, the Department contravened principles that are the scientific equivalent of common sense. For instance, according to Armstrong, the government-sponsored reports failed to `conduct experiments to evaluate forecasts,' `be conservative in situations of high uncertainty or instability', or `ensure that information is reliable and that measurement error is low'. These are just some of the 41 principles of scientific forecasting contravened.
If climate itself is difficult enough to predict, then attempting to predict the effect it will have on the polar bears' habitat is doubly so. Moreover, the interactions between the polar bear and their environment add another set of variables to an already confusing whirl of possible scenarios. It is unsurprising, then, that a chain of assumptions compensate for the want of unambiguous evidence. This chain runs something like this: global warming will occur; summer sea ice will reduce and thin; polar bears will obtain less food by hunting from the sea ice than they do now; there will be no supplementary food; the polar bear population will decline; the endangered species act will help; and no other policies would prove as effective.
Such a causal whitewash occludes factors that should temper the wilder assertions of forecasting. For instance, the pro-listing Amstrup report fails to consider the species' sheer adaptability. Having evolved from brown bears some 250,000 years ago, in that time, polar bears have experienced arctic conditions much warmer than they are now. As Amstrong told spiked: `Polar bears are adaptable - they've been around 250,000 years. They'll keep figuring things out.'
Or take the forecasting imperative to `be conservative in situations of high uncertainty or instability', an imperative that the government-sponsored researchers also ignored. Assuming that higher temperatures will lead to a decline in the polar bear population ignores the fact that lower temperatures have also had the same effect: for example, an abnormally high ice coverage during 1973-74 led to a fall in the polar bear population. Regional variability also sheds light on the difficulty of distinguishing correlation from causation. The Antarctic ice mass, for example, has actually been growing while the sea and air temperature has been increasing. At the same time, the depth-averaged oceanic temperature around the Southeastern Bering Sea has been cooling in 2006. And despite warming of local air temperatures by approximately 1.6 degrees the continental shelf of Canadian Beaufort Sea has seen no sharp decline in area. Such variability, indeed, uncertainty as to the precise environmental outcome of climatic changes has simply been eschewed in the reports Armstrong et al audited.
This gloomy prognosis for the polar bear is not surprising, however, when one considers that the secretary of the Interior employed the USGS to generate models to support the US Fish and Wildlife Service's decision to list the polar bear. In short, the science was always driven by political imperatives. Results that failed to lend unambiguous support to the desired outcome were always to be avoided. This indicates the role that science can play in political debate today. It becomes that which cannot be doubted, an instruction handed down from on high. In this context, the science always says `Thou shalt.'
But what of the object of all this research? Why has the polar bear itself become so politically significant? According to Armstrong `it's such an emotional issue - people just think what nice beautiful animals they are'. Indeed, as Armstrong told spiked, during the Senate Committee meeting, Senator Barbara Boxer, a key sponsor of the legislation, backed up her constant citation of the Amstrup report with one main ploy: pictures of polar bears. When invocation of the `science' fails to compel agreement, try emotional blackmail. Polar bears, the poster boys for man-made climate change, have come to symbolise man's degradation of the environment. Their plight acts as a contemporary morality play: that something so majestic, so beautiful can be brought so low shows the extent of man's unthinking folly.
Armstrong demands a slightly more robust attitude to fluctuations in the polar bear population. `The Eskimos regard it as "things change", that it's just the way things are', he says. From those who are used to hunting polar bears, such a lack of sentimentality is perhaps to be expected. We should also call for less sentimentality in the broader debate about climate change and the future of the planet.
Across the world, consumers are being urged to stop buying outdated incandescent light bulbs and switch to new spiral fluorescent bulbs, which use about 25 percent of the energy and last 10 times longer. In Britain, there is a Ban the Bulb movement. China is encouraging the change. And the United States Congress has set new energy efficiency standards that will make Edison's magical invention obsolete by the year 2014.
Now, the question is how to dispose of these compact fluorescent bulbs once they break or quit working. Unlike traditional light bulbs, each of these spiral bulbs has a tiny bit of a dangerous toxin - around five milligrams of mercury. And although one dot of mercury might not seem so bad, almost 300 million compact fluorescents were sold in the United States last year. That is already a lot of mercury to throw in the trash, and the amounts will grow ever larger in coming years.
Businesses and government recyclers need to start working on more efficient ways to deal with that added mercury. Ellen Silbergeld, a professor of environmental health at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, is raising the cry about the moment when millions of these light bulbs start landing in landfills or incinerators all at once. The pig in the waste pipeline, she calls it.
Even when warned, public officials are never great at planning. [Rare wisdom from the NYT] The Environmental Protection Agency now focuses mostly on the disposal of one bulb at a time. If you break a fluorescent bulb, there is no need to call in the hazmat team, the agency says. Just clean it up quickly with paper (no vacuuming or brooms), keep the kids away and open the window for a 15-minute douse of fresh air. Tuck the debris into a plastic sack and, if there is no special recycling nearby, discard it in the regular trash.
Interestingly, one of the main reasons to use these bulbs is that when they cut down on energy use, they also cut down on mercury emissions from power plants. And even with their mercury innards, these bulbs are still better for the environment than the old ones.
For all that good, the dangers are real and growing. It is time to find more efficient ways of recycling these fluorescents or, better yet, to invent light bulbs that don't leave a toxic hangover.
I would suppose that you are sometimes accused of thinking that the global warming issue is a conspiracy. Whenever such an accusation is made to me, I respond that no conspiracy is needed. However, increasingly it is evident that conspiracy has played a role.
For example, Tony Socci, who played a significant role in the Singer affair, is now the spokesman of the American Meteorological Society in Washington. John Firor, who was for many years the administrative director of the National Center for Atmospheric Research, was also the chairman of the board of the Environmental Defense Fund. R. Napier, president of the World Wildlife Federation - UK, is also chairman of the board of the UK Meteorological Office (which includes the Hadley Center).
Jim Hansen is closely associated with Michael Oppenheimer who was long the Barbara Streisand Scientist at Environmental Defense, and, apparently Michael was on the EPA review panel that recommended the funding of Hansen to get into climate modeling (after NASA had cut funds for the New York lab). Oppenheimer, despite only being a minor author of 3-4 peer reviewed scientific papers on climate, is now a professor at Princeton University. It would be interesting to know who endowed his professorship.
There are many other examples of such interlocking relations between environmental activism (in political or organizational form) and seemingly authoritative academic bodies. I doubt that these relations are accidental.
Moreover, intentional slander seems to be a standard tactic. One matter which involved me was the accusation by Gelbspan that I had lied about a debate in the UK with Bert Bolin. I informed Gelbspan that I had a tape of the debate. Gelbspan said that he wasn't interested. Much of this happened quite long ago, but the situation only seems to be getting worse. My hope is that this is simply a fever before the disease breaks.
Al Gore, former U.S. Vice President and Nobel Peace Prize recipient, calls the host of negative consequences that he predicts will accompany the on-going rise in the air's CO2 concentration "a planetary emergency -- a crisis that threatens the survival of our civilization and the habitability of the earth." James Hansen, Director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, similarly claims that the earth "is close to dangerous climate change, to tipping points of the system with the potential for irreversible deleterious effects," and he contends that "ignoring the climate problem at this time, for even another decade, would serve to lock in future catastrophic climatic change."
Do these dire contentions reflect reality? Or do they portray but a marvelously-crafted and hugely-effective illusion?
A new feature-length DVD -- Carbon Dioxide and the "Climate Crisis" - Reality or Illusion? (copyright c 2008 CO2Science) -- explores this perplexing problem through an insightful review of numerous scientific studies that have been largely ignored by the world's climate alarmists, and by illuminating commentary provided by a number of researchers who have spent the better parts of their careers studying the many facets of this complex subject.
The approximately 87-minute DVD is introduced by its creator-director, Dr. Craig Idso, after which the following topics are discussed: Climate Models, Earth's Climatic History, Extreme Weather Events, Ice Sheet Disintegration, Sea Level Trends, Atmospheric Methane, Land and Ocean Extinctions, and Feeding Humanity. In addition, the entire text of the film will be posted online, along with an extensive list of complete citations to the peer-reviewed scientific papers that support the many footnoted statements of fact that are presented in the text.
See what science really has to say about the issue. Acquire and view the DVD, study its text, and examine the scientific literature that is cited therein. Then, decide for yourself. Is the ongoing rise in the air's CO2 content truly "a planetary emergency -- a crisis that threatens the survival of our civilization and the habitability of the earth"? Or is it something far, far different from what the world's climate alarmists incessantly claim it is? These are high-priority questions that all of us are going to have to confront in the not-too-distant future. We owe it to ourselves, and to all who will follow us, to be thoroughly prepared for the choice we will have to make when the day of decision arrives.
Al Gore, famous for educating the world about the dangers of global warming and climate change, will be arriving in Israel this May after winning one of Israel's most prestigious prizes, the Dan David Prize, valued at $1 million. The prize is part of $3 million in award money offered annually by the Dan David Foundation, a philanthropic organization housed at Tel Aviv University and endowed by Israeli businessman Dan David. The foundation's mission is to award cash prizes that will impact the fields of human knowledge and foster the next generation of scholars. "The 2008 Dan David Prize honors Al Gore for establishing climate crisis as a moral and spiritual imperative, thereby helping to galvanize international action against global warming," said the prize jury.....
Founded in 2001, the Dan David Prize regularly acknowledges US achievements in science and the arts. Past American prizewinners include cellist Yo-Yo Ma and scientist James Hanson.
Bob Lutz, Chairman of General Motors is a rare man. He actually says what he thinks and this time what he thinks is absolutely right.Lutz told a group of reporters that "global warming is a crock of sh*t." Lutz then went on to hit Toyota, saying the Prius "makes no economic sense."
Lutz is reacting to a tsunami of propaganda now pouring out of the corporate world telling us all to "Go Green." These corporations are reacting to massive lobbying and black mail from radical environmental groups which threaten the corporations unless they toe the "green" line. But the science is beginning to show that it's all unnecessary and, as Lutz says, is a "crock of sh*t."
The fact is Lutz is not alone. As the politics of Global Warming invades more of our personal lives and affects the economy, skeptics are growing by leaps and bounds.In late December of 2007 a U.S. Senate report noted that over 400 prominent scientists for more than two dozen countries recently voiced significant objections to major aspects of the so-called "consensus" on man-made global warming.
Earlier, in November, 2007, the founder of the Weather Channel, John Coleman, wrote an article attacking the global warming hype.Coleman wrote, "It is the greatest scam in history. I am amazed, appalled and highly offended by it. Global Warming; It is SCAM. Some dastardly scientists with environmental and political motives manipulated long term scientific data to create an illusion of rapid global warming. Other scientists of the same environmental whacko type jumped into the circle to support and broaden the "research" to further enhance the totally slanted, bogus global warming claims. Their friends in government steered huge research grants their way to keep the movement going. Soon they claimed consensus."
But oh, you say, this is all a right wing conspiracy to discredit true science. Consider this from the New York Times as it quoted Alex Gourevitch, a doctoral candidate in political theory at Columbia University, who said global warming is "the politics of fear."Gourevitch added, "Environmentalism is not just some politics. It's a political project, a full-bodied ideology, and one that presents itself in terms of progress and aspiration. But when you look at what this ideology is built on, it's built in the idea that a collective threat that makes security the basic principle of politics and makes the struggle for survival the basic and central aim of our social and political life." He then compared the environmental movement with the war on terror.
The Green Con is being dumped on us through the massive advertising budgets of multi-national corporations like Toyota British Petroleum and General Electric as they fight to be politically and environmentally correct. They also are using the climate change panic to encourage government to pass legislation that coincidentally helps them sell a product. Case in point is General Electric which helped write the new energy bill that bans the incandescent bulb in favor of GE's new "green" lights. It just happens that the new bulbs cost 6 times more than the incandescents. Welcome to the new planned economy run by partnerships between business and government. But don't call it free enterprise.
The science is there for all to see. While proponents of Global Warming consensus like Al Gore are trying to hush and even punish skeptics for speaking out on our supposedly free society, more and more skeptics are starting to be heard. Man-made Global Warming is not a proven fact and more debate needs to be heard before draconian laws in its name are allowed to destroy our very society. So the Chairman of General Motors, through all of this bad science, hype and political correctness has actually managed to utter some truth. Of course he's being drawn and quartered for it. But to quote General Patton, "A man that eloquent must be saved." Buy a car from GM and take a stand for truth.
Drinking fizzy water is a perfectly reasonable choice. People tend to like bubbles in ALL their drinks. But drinking still bottled water is just posing in most localities. And posing is mostly a bad thing. But if we outlawed all posing that would be the death of Leftist politics! So principles are taking as back-seat here
Drinking bottled water is almost morally indefensible, a government minister has suggested in a scathing attack on the industry. Phil Woolas, the Environment Minister, said it was daft that six million litres of bottled water were drunk every day in Britain when safe tap water was universally and cheaply available. His comments echoed concerns among environmentalists, who believe that the packaging, transportation and disposal of bottled water products creates unnecessarily high carbon-dioxide emissions.
But they provoked a furious response from the industry, which is worth œ2 billion annually. Representatives demanded an immediate retraction of his remarks. Mr Woolas has further riled the industry by giving his backing to a campaign to persuade the public to use the tap as their primary source of drinking water.
Next week Thames Water, supported by Friends of the Earth and Mr Woolas, will start a campaign to persuade restaurants, pubs and hotels to make tap water more easily available to customers. By persuading people to switch back to tap water the organisers of the initiative hope to reduce the impact on the environment by cutting out the carbon-dioxide emissions from transportation and manufacture of the bottles.
Bottled water has been calculated to have a carbon footprint more than several hundred times bigger than tap water for some brands. Many bottles are transported thousands of miles to get to Britain from countries including the United States and Fiji.
The minister was particularly concerned about water being imported to Britain because of the potential damage to supplies in other countries. "It borders on morally being unacceptable to spend hundreds of millions of pounds on bottled water when we have pure drinking water, when at the same time one of the crises that is facing the world is the supply of water," he told the BBC Panorama programme. "There are many countries in the world who unfortunately haven't got pure tap water. We should be concentrating our efforts on putting that right in my opinion."
He received unexpected backing from Peter Ainsworth, the Shadow Environment Secretary, who agreed that the industry and consumers had big moral questions to answer. "I don't think Phil Woolas is wrong," he said. "Huge amounts are imported from other countries - some now ludicrously from the Far East. This is an ecological nightmare and it doesn't make economic sense either. It certainly raises questions about the basis on which we have constructed our economic lives. By any rational standard it's crazy to be importing water from countries far away when there's perfectly good water in our taps. "It looks like the epiphany of any unsustainable human activity. I think as consumers we should consider the impact we have on the environment. If they think about it they might change their behaviour."
Steve Webb, the Liberal Democrat environment spokesman, said that the environmental impacts caused by the bottled-water industry were sufficiently worrying that the Government should introduce taxes to pay for damage to be put right. Taxes, either directly on the sales of each bottle or through mechanisms such as landfill tax, would put pressure on consumers to change their behaviour. A Swedish study calculated that the environmental impact of bottled water was 90 to 1,000 times greater than tap water, and could be higher.
Jill Ardagh, director-general of the Bottled Water Information Office, led the industry's angry response to the minister's remarks. "Mr Woolas is clearly ill-informed about bottled water and the role it has to play in society, either in this country or other parts of the world," she said. She said that an estimated 20,000 jobs depended on the bottled water trade and demanded that he retract his comments.
IT'S not easy being green-nor is it cheap. With the best will (and some of the most generous handouts) in the world, solar power still makes little sense for the average homeowner, even in sunny southern California. Under pressure from his environmentally conscious ten-year-old daughter, your correspondent has spent the past week talking to experts around the state and running the numbers to see if he could reduce Mayhem Manor's carbon footprint.
Solar power ought to be the answer. The house faces south-east, lacks trees or other shadow-casting obstructions, and its flat roof offers ample space for a sizable solar array. At 720 feet up the hillside, it is well above the "marine layer" (the locals' fancy name for morning fog) and gets about 300 sunny days a year. So what's the problem?
It's not even as though the place gobbles electricity. When the house was being rebuilt five years ago, the new roof came with over a foot of thermal insulation. The floor-to-ceiling windows along two sides of the structure were replaced with double-glazed "low-E" glass (the sort that blocks infra-red radiation), and thermal linings were included in all the exterior walls. Even during the summer, the air conditioner usually stays off. Admittedly, the architect went overboard on lighting. Fully illuminated, the house demanded seven kilowatts of raw lighting-power before fluorescent lights replaced thirsty tungsten filaments. Overall electricity consumption is now a reasonable 8,300 kilowatt-hours (kWh) a year.
Given the local utility's rate of 10.8 cents per kWh, that adds up to a modest $900 for the year-or just $2.50 a day. At those prices, solar energy simply cannot compete with juice from the local power-station, even with California-level subsidies. The problem is that solar-energy technology has been improving incrementally, but its costs have been falling slowly. If solar cells had abided by Moore's Law, they too would have halved in price every 18 months or so-and we would all be running our homes on sunshine. But getting photons from sunlight to dislodge more and more electrons in semi-conducting materials like silicon, and so generate electricity, is harder than building a better microchip.
The first solar cells-built more than a century ago-had conversion efficiencies of around 1%. Since then, their efficiency has doubled once only every 30 years-a veritable snail's pace compared with the speed of microchip development. It was not until the 1950s, for instance, that America's famed Bell Labs stumbled on a way of boosting a solar cell's conversion efficiency by "doping" its silicon with certain impurities. It then took another 50 years to raise the efficiency to nearly 20%. The performance of solar cells has picked up recently. But that's only for the most exotic cells used in space. Today's satellites have solar panels based on thin films of gallium arsenide that boast efficiencies of over 35%. Meanwhile, in the laboratory, exotic "quantum wells" promise photovoltaic conversion efficiencies of 45% or more. But the solar panels used in space cost millions to make and last for a decade at most. Back on earth, the only ones affordable enough to be used commercially are early models based on crystalline and amorphous silicon with efficiencies of around 15%.
And even these aren't exactly cheap. Sanyo's 200-watt module, one of the better panels used by the industry, offers 17% efficiency and costs $1,500 retail. As a rule of thumb, the industry reckons that a solar panel capable of generating one kilowatt of power at peak times will average roughly 20% of that over the whole day. In other words, every kilowatt of installed capacity should be good for 4.8 kWh of daily consumption-or around 1,750 kWh per year. By that reckoning, Mayhem Manor would need 4.8 kilowatts of solar capacity to be able to generate the amount of electricity normally consumed from the grid.
Unfortunately, that ignores all the losses that occur between the sun's rays striking the solar array and that direct current being converted into alternating current to run the house. Such losses can easily mop up 25% of the solar panel's output. So, better install at least 6.4 kilowatts worth of solar panels on the roof.
Here's where going green gets tough. At today's prices, your correspondent would have to stump up $48,000 for the solar panels alone. Add the cost of the switching modules, the power controller, the fault protector, the DC-to-AC inverter and the service panel-not to mention the installation charges and the contractor's profit-and the final bill could easily come to $65,000.
What about incentives and tax credits? That depends on where precisely you live and how effective an installation you have. To get anything like a full grant in your correspondent's neck of the woods, the array would have to be facing due south and tilted at an angle of 34 degrees to the sun. The first might be possible; the second would definitely not. At best, Mayhem Manor would qualify for about $12,000 worth of local assistance plus a $2,000 federal grant.
Borrowing the balance at today's interest rates would mean repayments of roughly $600 a month for ten years, even after setting the interest charges against tax. And all that just to feel good about saving $75 of electricity a month. Better to buy a couple of tons worth of carbon offsets each year for $70 and have done with it.
Report from Greenland: Too Much Ice Causing Polar Bears to go hungry so they are seeking food in the towns
Up to six bears were seen in the vicinity of Sisimiut - some quite close to the city. How many bears which are actually approaching Sisimiut has not been confirmed. But Maria Aarup has no doubt that on Tuesday she saw several bears near Amerloq Fjord. Fishermen have also seen a number of bears on the small islands from their trawlers as they battled ice in the harbour. Thursday morning bears were also seen at the airport and several people have seen bear tracks near the town dump.
Citizens are asked to report any bears they see to the police. If they stand in close proximity of a bear, are seriously threatened or seen a bear attack a person, they have the right to shoot. Petersen encouraged people to be careful though. Bears which are hungry lose their natural shyness. They usually stay in the water and hunt seals, but if they are hungry they come ashore and consume anything they can find.
More information in the Danish-language version here. In an email, Svend Erik Hendriksen, a certified weather observer in the Kangerlussuaq Greenland MET office, summarizes it as follows:
"Several polar bears (at least 6) located close to Sisimiut town on the West coast...To much sea ice, so they are very hungry..... Al Gore says the polar bear need more ice to survive....Now we have a lot of ice, but the polar bears are starving and find their food at the garbage dumps in towns. It's also influenced the local community, polar bear alerts keep kids away from the schools and so on.... The first one was shot at February 1st.
The ice between Canada and southwestern Greenland has reached its highest level in 15 years. Minus 30 degrees Celsius. That's how cold it's been in large parts of western Greenland where the population has been bundling up in hats and scarves. At the same time, Denmark's Meteorological Institute states that the ice between Canada and southwest Greenland right now has reached its greatest extent in 15 years.
'Satellite pictures show that the ice expansion has extended farther south this year. In fact, it's a bit past the Nuuk area. We have to go back 15 years to find ice expansion so far south. On the eastern coast it hasn't been colder than normal, but there has been a good amount of snow.'
But how do these new reports fit in with continual reports that ice in the Arctic Ocean has been melting at a record rate due to increasing temperatures? And isn't global warming at the top of the political agenda these years? If it's up to meteorologists from Denmark's Meteorological Institute, there is not anything inherently contradictory that extreme cold is replaced by higher temperatures than average. Or that melting sea ice occasionally is replaced by expanding ice sheets.
Canadian Inuit are opposing vigorous lobbying efforts to get the polar bear listed as "threatened" under the American Endangered Species Act. The US government has been considering the action since 2006. Now three conservation groups, the Center for Biological Diversity, the Natural Resources Defense Council and Greenpeace are threatening to sue the US government to get it to proceed with the listing.
Two organizations that represent Inuit in Canada are disagreeing with the tactic of using the polar bear to try to force the American government to take action on climate change. Duane Smith, the president of the Inuit Circumpolar Council (Canada) says, "I don't see how listing it as threatened will complement the sustainability of the population. It is climate change that is the problem, not the sustainable hunting of polar bears."
Some polar bears in Canada are currently hunted by American hunters, who pay well for the experience. The hunt brings more than one and half million dollars a year into small Inuit communities in the territory of Nunavut. The listing of polar bears would likely threaten that hunt, and the money it brings into the communities.
"Even with the sport hunts we use dog teams, a portion of tags also go toward subsistence harvesting, and we ensure that all the meat and other parts of the Polar Bear are fully utilized," says Smith. "Our hunters and guides benefit economically and we are able to continue with our culture, enjoy the benefits of what we use, and ensure that this is done in a responsible and sustainable manner."
At the moment, Inuit are convinced that polar bears are being hunted at sustainable levels. Whether or not that level of hunting will still be sustainable in the future, after the effects of climate change become more severe, remains to be seen.
The bottom line is that stopping people from hunting polar bears now will not protect populations of polar bears in the future. Taking action on climate change now, on the other hand, will protect populations of polar bears in the future.
An NYT reporter recently had some long conversations with climate scientist Dr. Albert Arking and in the resultant article presented the scientist as a Warmist. Below is how the scientist himself describes his views -- views that are nowhere mentioned in the NYT article:
My own views at the time (expressed in an Op-Ed piece in the NY Times in 1991 and in a Senate Committee hearing chaired by Al Gore) was that increasing greenhouse gases (GHG) would contribute to climate warming, but other factors (e.g., solar variability) are also at play. Furthermore, our understanding of feedbacks was too limited to let us predict changes in response to external forcing by anything better than a factor of 3.
Since then, of course, global temperatures have continued to go up, and research has provided some insight into the relative roles of solar and GHG forcing. I had given Jastrow copies of recent papers that tried to estimate how much of past temperature change can be attributed to solar variations and how much to GHG. I tried to convince him that if the earth can respond to solar variations, then basic physics requires that it also respond to GHG variations---one controls input energy, the other output. Dr. Jastrow never considered GHG to be a predominant factor, past or present, but he did agree that GHG would contribute to warming, pointing to it as possibly beneficial if solar luminosity should decrease, as it most likely did at times in the past.
I do have strong views about our use of fossil fuels, but not because of the scary scenarios that people like Al Gore publicize. (Most of that stuff---e.g., half of Florida disappearing, etc.---is plain nonsense, and he never mentions that more people die from cold than heat, that we could save more polar bears by restricting hunting than by stopping global warming, etc.) We should cut down on fossil fuels because it makes us and the rest of the world dependent on hostile countries, and it is a likely a source of funding for terrorism. Furthermore, fossil fuels, especially crude oil, will continue to rise in price because reserves are finite and demand for energy is increasing. However, the best way to lessen dependence on fossil fuels in the long run---and it is the long run that counts, because global warming is a gradual process---is to develop new technology, not by forcing the American public to pay other countries to burn the fuel for them. The Kyoto plan would take away dollars from devloped [sic] countries that could otherwise be used to fund new technology. Some policy decisions that are made in haste---e.g., subsidizing and mandating use of ethanol---can have bad consequences for the economy, and could actually add to GHG emissions, the opposite of the intended effect.
To summarize, I believe the global warming we have experienced in the last few decades is real, and most likely due to increasing GHG, but I am skeptical about outlandish claims that have little or no scientific basis. (Ocean levels rose about 8 inches in the last century, and are likely to rise about 12 inches in the present century, but that is small commpared [sic] to the 5-10 feet rise and fall of tides that occurs daily; adding 12 inches to dikes over a century is not difficult.) But I believe it important for our economy and security to develop new technology---both new sources of energy and new techniques for distributing and using energy more efficiently.
For putting up the quote below I will no doubt be henceforth described by Greenies as "in the pay" of General Motors
Bob Lutz, General Motors' vice chairman and chief car guru, says what really turns him on is "doing the unexpected" --acting "contrary to the conventional wisdom, forcing people to re-think their beliefs." Maybe that's why Lutz, who made his name developing behemoths like the V-10 Dodge Viper, is so sold on the fuel-efficient new Chevrolet Volt, which will run on a lithium-ion battery and could go on sale by 2010. "The Volt thrills me because it's the last thing anybody expected from GM," the ex-Marine said at a private lunch in Arlington today.
If you're into cars or the car business, jump to read more of Lutz's contrarian beliefs. During a closed-door session with several journalists at the Cacharel restaurant, Lutz declared that:
-Hybrid cars like those made by Toyota "make no economic sense," because their price will never come down, and diesel autos like those touted by Chrysler are also uneconomic. The only place in Europe that diesel-driven cars are big, he said, is where diesel fuel is half the cost of regular gasoline; in most places there, the costs are comparable and diesel has little market penetration.
- Global warming is a "total crock of ****." Then he added: "I'm a skeptic, not a denier. Having said that, my opinion doesn't matter. (With the battery-driven Volt), "I'm motivated more by the desire to replace imported oil than by the CO2 (argument)."
- With more and more good-quality cars on the market these days, "you've got to look at the business artistically, too. Part of our business is creating blockbusters-just like the movie business-yet we never think of ourselves that way. A car is an exciting mobile sculpture that you want to own, drive and be seen in. That's why (auto-industry) comeback stories are always design-driven." One GM car that fills that bill, he said, is Cadillac's CTS.
- The best car dealers will thrive even in a sluggish economy. "They've got to isolate themselves from the economic forecasts," Lutz said, "and say, `I make my own prosperity.' "
Tonight, Lutz will jawbone privately with area GM dealers about these and other matters at a local restaurant where steak will be served.
Cheshire County Council is calling for a review of EU legislation after being forced to spend o60,000 to move four newts from a school development site. Great crested newts are an endangered species and are protected by EU law. When four were found on land at Fallibroome High School, Macclesfield, they had to be trapped, moved and have a new pond built to house them.
Councillor Barrie Hardern called the 60,000 pounds cost of the scheme before the school could build "ludicrous".
When the amphibians were found on the site where the school wanted to build new sports facilities and an extension a costly mitigation exercise had to be undertaken which meant a new habitat had to be built.
Natural England, the government body charged with protecting the newts said it is important to look after every colony no matter how small. But Mr Harden said: "I find it extraordinary that the law requires public money to be spent at such a ludicrous level."
Can anyone out there provide me with any empirical data in support of the theory that humans control climate warming? No, don't tell me that climate is changing - we geologists absolutely know that climate changes all the time, in both directions, and at many scales of time and intensity.
Don't give me results of computer modeling - those are not empirical data, they are the results of very serious attempts to place numbers on natural phenomena, but they are still based on assumptions and estimates, and have not been able to replicate past climate changes, particularly over the last 1500 years. Computer models are currently nothing more than scientific theories set to mathematical music.
Bring us some data, some values that support the concept. Right now the data show correlative changes in temperature and solar activity, modified by ocean current movement and orbital variations, many of which are predictable and which have operated to change climate for billions of years.
Yes, there is an increase in carbon dioxide, but its effects drop logarithmically with its increase. Thus, it doesn't pose a threat. All told the full greenhouse effect, mostly water vapor, does make Earth a habitable planet.
Please don't argue that climate is changing at rates and intensities not ever seen before. That is just not true. Read the data already out there from the geologists and those who study past climate change.
Tell me why otherwise competent scientists argue for their theory but fail to provide any support for their theory other than constant repetition of untrue statements and alarmist exaggerations. Upton Sinclair, author of The Jungle said, "It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." Is that what is happening?
I'm writing this after doing an exhaustive search to see what sort of solar activity has occurred lately, and I find there is little to report. With the exception of the briefly increased solar wind from a coronal hole, there is almost no significant solar activity. The sun has gone quiet. Really quiet.
It is normal for our sun to have quiet periods between solar cycles, but we've seen months and months of next to nothing, and the start of Solar cycle 24 seems to have materialized (as first reported here) then abruptly disappeared. The reverse polarity sunspot that signaled the start of cycle 24 on January 4th, dissolved within two days after that.
Of course we've known that the sunspot cycle has gone low, which is also to be expected for this period of the cycle. Note that NOAA still has two undecided scenarios for cycle 24 Lower that normal, or higher than normal, as indicated on the graph below:
But the real news is just how quiet the suns magnetic field has been in the past couple of years. From the data provided by NOAA's Space Weather Prediction Center (SWPC) you can see just how little magnetic field activity there has been. I've graphed it below:
What is most interesting about the Geomagnetic Average Planetary Index graph above is what happened around October 2005. Notice the sharp drop in the magnetic index and the continuance at low levels.
This looks much like a "step function" that I see on GISS surface temperature graphs when a station has been relocated to a cooler measurement environment. In the case of the sun, it appears this indicates that something abruptly "switched off" in the inner workings of the solar dynamo. Note that in the prior months, the magnetic index was ramping up a bit with more activity, then it simply dropped and stayed mostly flat.
We saw a single reversed polarity high latitude sunspot on January 4th, 2008, which would signal the start of a new cycle 24, which was originally predicted to have started last March and expected to peak in 2012. So far the sun doesn't seem to have restarted its normal upwards climb.
If you have ever studied how the magnetic dynamo of the sun is so incredibly full of entropy, yet has cycles, you'll understand how it can change states. The sun's magnetic field is a like a series of twisted and looped rubber bands, mostly because the sun is a fluid gas, which rotates at different rates between the poles and the equator. Since the suns magnetic field is pulled along with the gas, all these twists, bumps, and burps occur in the process as the magnetic field lines get twisted like taffy. You can see more about it in the Babcock model.
The Babcock model says that the differential rotation of the Sun winds up the magnetic fields of it's layers during a solar cycle. The magnetic fields will then eventually tangle up to such a degree that they will eventually cause a magnetic break down and the fields will have to struggle to reorganize themselves by bursting up from the surface layers of the Sun. This will cause magnetic North-South pair boundaries (spots) in the photosphere trapping gaseous material that will cool slightly. Thus, when we see sunspots, we are seeing these areas of magnetic field breakdown.
Sunspots are cross connected eruptions of the magnetic field lines, shown in red above. Sometimes they break, spewing tremendous amounts of gas and particles into space. Solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CME's) are some examples of this process. Sometimes they snap back like rubber bands. The number of sunspots at solar max is a direct indicator of the activity level of the solar dynamo.
Given the current quietness of the sun and it's magnetic field, combined with the late start to cycle 24 with even possibly a false start, it appears that the sun has slowed it's internal dynamo to a similar level such as was seen during the Dalton Minimum. One of the things about the Dalton Minimum was that it started with a skipped solar cycle, which also coincided with a very long solar cycle 4 from 1784-1799. The longer our current cycle 23 lasts before we see a true ramp up of cycle 24, the greater chance it seems then that cycle 24 will be a low one.
No wonder there is so much talk recently about global cooling. I certainly hope that's wrong, because a Dalton type solar minimum would be very bad for our world economy and agriculture. NASA GISS published a release back in 2003 that agrees with the commonly accepted idea that long period trends in solar activity do affect our climate by changing the Total Solar Irradiance (TSI).
Some say it is no coincidence that 2008 has seen a drop in global temperature as indicated by several respected temperature indexes compared to 2007, and that our sun is also quiet and still not kick starting its internal magentic dynamo.
I had to chuckle to myself reading a letter here at The Register, recently. "David Whitehouse - although a respected scientist - is still only one voice and his speciality is astrophysics not climate," wrote a reader. This is one of my greatest concerns about so called climate science. Climate science is a very, very new field. So new, in fact, that it has had little chance for its assertions to be tested.
For example, climate models are being developed with very little ability to test out of sample. Furthermore, the climate science bandwagon has come about solely because of supposed anthropogenic climate change, which means that their funding is intrinsically tied to climate change happening and being man-made. A more self-interested group I could not find anywhere, even looking at the researchers who were paid by big tobacco companies to tell us cigarettes are safe.
The scientists who interest me in this field are those who can draw on the experience of a lot of people who have come before them. And uniformly in these areas I find scepticism. People who write mathematical models of complex systems for a living tend to find the climate models very unconvincing. Geologists find the arguments very unconvincing. Engineers find the arguments unconvincing. And astrophysicists find the arguments unconvincing.
Why? Well the answers are clear. Climate groupthink The climate models seem to be largely driven by over-fitting to a small sample set and positive feedback. The small sample set - at most 30 years of accurate data - might be enough to try and predict one or two years, but 50 year predictions? Ignoring the biggest effect on global warming - water vapour - is surely going to cause problems.
Positive feedback in engineering invariably results in unstable systems - so we have to ask why do most if not all of the climate models rely on it to get doomsday predictions? For the Earth to have survived as long as it has with a stable climate, through major events like ice-ages or volcanic eruptions, there is little doubt that a degree of negative climate feedback is essential.
Geologists will quite happily explain how major climate changes in the Earth are a result of geological changes. Remember that more carbon is trapped in limestone than in either plant life or fossil fuels (or both put together for that matter). Ice ages and volcanic eruptions are all things that will unarguably change the climate. Yet, with the notable exception of the extinction of the dinosaurs, it seems life has happily trundled along through it all. We're the living proof.
Of course, it's also interesting to see changes over shorter time periods. If you go to see the Roman ruins at Ephesus in Turkey, the guide will point out that the harbour is miles from where the nearest sea is today. Sea levels go up and down for many reasons - carbon dioxide not being one of them. Somehow, we survive.
Of course, astrophysicists and astronomers will happily tell us about global warming on other planets in the solar system, a period of extensive solar activity and the like. But they get poo-pooed just like all the other "real scientists" who have a view. Climate scientists have to disagree with real scientists or they would lose their funding.
Finally, why can't we trust human ingenuity? At the moment, I don't see that the evidence for anthropogenic climate change is strong enough to wreck our economies to try to change it. But if, over the next 10 or 20 years, the evidence really does come out in favour of these theories, then I have faith in our ability to solve the problem. Just like we have successfully dealt with smog in London, rivers flooding, or acid rain. We always have.
3. Gristmill alarmist Andrew Dessler says he did his post-doctoral work at NASA Goddard (at about the 40 second mark here).
4. RealClimate alarmist Eli Rabbet is said to be Josh Halpern: Prof. Halpern is also the Co-Director of the NASA Faculty Fellowship Program at Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, MD in odd numbered years. This program supports about 30 faculty each year to do summer research at Goddard.
When this worldwide global warming hysteria inevitably dies, it will probably become clear that a core cause was groupthink among a surprisingly small set of people.
Yesterday provided one of the starkest contrasts I have ever witnessed between the standards of news broadcasting on BBC TV News and BBC News Online. Putting it in the crudest of terms, the so-called flagship, BBC Ten O'Clock News (BBC 1), provided little more than tabloid hysteria, while the BBC Online coverage was thoughtful, and genuinely worthy both of plaudits and of the BBC's long tradition of public service.
The story in question somehow inevitably related to 'global warming', and it was about the report from a panel of scientific experts commissioned by the Department of Health, and the Health Protection Agency (HPA), to examine the way in which the UK has responded to rising temperatures since the 1970s, and to assess how the risks are likely to change. The moment you glimpsed the BBC Health News Online headline, you knew that you were in for some balanced and nuanced reporting, well-worth the read: 'Global warming "may cut deaths"' [BBC Health News Online, February 12]:
"The risk of a fatal heatwave in the UK within ten years is high, but overall global warming may mean fewer deaths due to temperature, a report says. A seriously hot summer between now and 2017 could claim more than 6,000 lives, the Department of Health report warns. But it also stresses that milder winters mean deaths during this time of year - which far outstrip heat-related mortality - will continue to decline."
The coverage went on to point out: "While summers in the UK became warmer in the period 1971 - 2003, there was no change in heat-related deaths, but annual cold-related mortality fell by 3% as winters became milder - so overall fewer people died as a result of extreme temperatures.
Rather than physiological changes explaining our ability to adapt to rising temperatures, the report puts this down primarily to lifestyle alterations - our readiness to wear more informal clothes, for instance, and the shift away from manual labour."
All very interesting. The account then, quite fairly, discussed the impacts of potential heatwaves, but, even in this context, it entered sensible caveats: "However, even 6,000 deaths pales in comparison with the number of cold-related deaths, which in the UK currently average about 20,000 per year."
Throughout, the Online reportage read, and felt, like real science, well-presented and cautious. I congratulate the Online Editor and the reporters concerned.
In stark contrast - you will have to take my word for this - the report on the BBC Ten O'Clock News was a travesty, focusing entirely on the mayhem of heatwaves, with lurid graphics and the use of over-dramatic language. By the end, any careful science had been brutally violated (I nearly said 'raped') - there is no other word for it - in the worst traditions of tabloid journalism. The role of milder winters cutting deaths, of course, was just ignored.
What can one say? No wonder TV audiences are falling. That is the last occasion on which I shall bother to waste my time watching the BBC Ten O'Clock News. BBC Online and Radio will do fine for me, thanks. But what must the excellent reporters of the Online site think?
And, what would the doughty John Charles Walsham Reith, 1st Baron Reith, the BBC's first Director-General, think? We could well recall his weighty words: "Need we be ashamed of moral values, or of intellectual and ethical objectives? It is these that are here and now at stake."
LEGENDARY Nessie hunter Robert Rines is giving up his search for the monster after 37 years. The 85-year-old American will make one last trip in a bid to find the elusive beast. After almost four decades of fruitless expeditions, he admitted: "Unfortunately, I'm running out of age." World War II veteran Robert has devoted almost half his life to scouring Loch Ness. He started in 1971. The following year, he watched a 25ft-long hump with the texture of elephant skin gliding through the water. His original trip was to help another monster hunter with sonar equipment and quickly identified large moving targets. He was smitten and returned the next year, which is when, he says: "I had the misfortune of seeing one of these things with my own eyes."
Since then, he has been obsessed with tracking down the creature with a staggering array of hi-tech equipment. It was this gear that took the famous "flipper" picture that year which created a stir around the world. Despite having hundreds of sonar contacts over the years, the trail has since gone cold and Rines believes that Nessie may be dead, a victim of global warming. He still wants to check almost 100 contacts on the floor of the loch, believing one may be the monster's remains.
Robert bought a cottage on the banks of the loch to live in during his annual summer trips. He has also set up a "Nessie" room in his Boston home crammed with information gathered over the years. As he prepared for his last hunt, Robert said: "What am I to do - forget what I saw? There are a lot of eyewitness accounts. Are they all liars? All drunks? I don't believe human nature is like that. "What disturbs me as a lawyer is that we prove cases by eyewitness testimony. The human brain is not 100 per cent accurate but it's not zero either."
In 1975, the trained physicist and inventor managed to get a photograph in the murky waters of the loch which apparently showed the body, flipper, neck and head of an animal. Since Nessie hunting began in the 1930s, a host of people have tried to find the monster.
The recent cold wave sweeping across Mumbai and other parts of India could be attributed to global warming, experts said on Tuesday here at an environmental conference.
Addressing the `Combat Global Warming' conference at the Indian Merchants Chamber (IMC) here, former Union minister for power and environment Suresh Prabhu said global warming was primarily a problem created and induced by human beings.
He said the increase in emission of green house gases like carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxide and methane had resulted in the situation, which could prove catastrophic if unchecked. Prabhu said the cold wave that swept Maharashtra and other parts of India recently could be attributed to the phenomenon of global warming.
Biofuels, once seen as a useful way of combating climate change, could actually increase greenhouse gas emissions, say two major new studies. And it may take tens or hundreds of years to pay back the "carbon debt" accrued by growing biofuels in the first place, say researchers. The calculations join a growing list of studies questioning whether switching to biofuels really will help combat climate change.
Biofuel production has accelerated over the last 5 years, spurred in part by a US drive to produce corn-derived ethanol as an alternative to petrol. The idea makes intuitive environmental sense - plants take up carbon dioxide as they grow, so biofuels should help reduce greenhouse gas emissions - but the full environmental cost of biofuels is only now becoming clear.
Extra emissions are created from the production of fertiliser needed to grow corn, for example, leading some researchers to predict that the energy released by burning ethanol is only 25% greater than that used to grow and process the fuel.
The new studies examine a different part of biofuel equation, and both suggest that the emissions associated with the crops may be even worse than that. One analysis looks at land that is switched to biofuel crop production. Carbon will be released when forests are felled or bush cleared, and longer-term emissions created by dead roots decaying.
This creates what Joseph Fargione of The Nature Conservancy and colleagues call a "carbon debt". Emissions savings generated by the biofuels will help pay back this debt, but in some cases this can take centuries, suggests their analysis. If 10,000 square metres of Brazilian rainforest is cleared to make way for soya beans - which are used to make biodiesel - over 700,000 kilograms of carbon dioxide is released.
The saving generated by the resulting biodiesel will not cancel that out for around 300 years, says Fargione. In the case of peat land rainforest in Indonesia, which is being cleared to grow palm oil, the debt will take over 400 years to repay, he says.
The carbon debts associated with US corn are measured in tens rather than hundreds of years. But the second study suggests that producing corn for fuel rather than food could have dramatic knock-on effects elsewhere. Corn is used to feed cattle and demand for meat is high, so switching land to biofuel production is likely to prompt farmers in Brazil and elsewhere to clear forests and other lands to create new cropland to grow the missing corn. When the carbon released by those clearances is taken into account, corn ethanol produces nearly twice as much carbon as petrol.
"The implications of these changes in land use have not been appreciated up until now," says Alex Farrell, at the University of California, Berkeley, US. Farrell adds that biofuels could still prove useful in the fight against climate change, but using different approaches - such as focusing on crops for both food and fuel, or new technology for generating biofuels from food waste.
Arctic summer sea ice is unlikely to shrink drastically in 2008 beyond a record low set last year even though the long-term trend is a thaw tied to global warming, a leading scientist said on Wednesday. Arctic sea ice, an indicator of climate change as it expands in winter and thaws in summer, shrank last September to a low of 4.1 million sq km (1.6 million sq miles), more than 1.2 million sq km less than the previous recorded low in 2005. "My feeling is that the situation will probably be the same as last year, or maybe a slight recovery," Jean-Claude Gascard, head of the European Arctic research project Damocles, told Reuters. "I would be very surprised if there would be another large drop this year. It would be really dramatic," said Gascard, of France's Universite Pierre et Marie Curie.
Some experts project that the ice could vanish in summer by mid-century, threatening the hunting livelihoods of Arctic indigenous peoples and species such as seals and polar bears while opening the region to oil and gas exploration or shipping.
Gascard said informal surveys by Damocles of scores of leading researchers, at meetings in San Francisco and in Oslo in recent months, showed that a large majority also expected the ice in 2008 to be unchanged from 2007 or slightly bigger. "Very few said that there will be another drop as large as it was last summer," he said. The melt can accelerate climate change because tracts of darker water soak up far more of the sun's heat than reflective snow and ice. "Rarely is there a drop of such magnitude in two consecutive years," he said of historical data, adding that the extreme 2007 thaw may be partly explained by natural variability rather than global warming alone.
Any surprise new fall to a record low would be a worrying sign that the ice had crossed a point of no return, a "tipping point" that could herald an accelerated disappearance of the ice. "If we have two years in a row with a drastic drop in the ice extent at the end of the summer ... it would be a strong argument for having crossed a tipping point," he said.
MELBOURNE'S unfriendliest and safest train stations are revealed in a police snapshot of our rail system. Dandenong station is the hotbed for transit crime, with more offences than on several entire rail lines combined. The Pakenham line is the most dangerous, recording a fifth of all rail crime, police data compiled for the Sunday Herald Sun reveal. Commuters can expect unruly behaviour, assaults, fights and vandalism on Sydenham, Frankston, Epping and Werribee lines.
But Alamein and Melton lines are among the safest. Individual stations, including Merlynston, Moonee Ponds, Murrumbeena, Upfield, Oak Park, Spotswood, Williamstown Beach and West Richmond had the least trouble.
Between October last year and this month, police recorded 1327 crimes on trains and at stations. Victoria Police data show violent thefts and assaults have soared across the network. Robberies between July and this month totalled 197 -- a 41.7 per cent jump. And assaults rose by almost a quarter to a total of 745 offences across all 209 metropolitan stations. The alarming figures come amid revelations of dwindling transit police numbers. Leaked information reveals the Transit Safety Division is down 27 staff. Another eight officers are expected to leave within weeks, assigned to other duties, leaving about 200 officers to patrol the train system.
The division's Acting Superintendent, Shayne Pannell, said staff losses were temporary and would not affect passenger safety. He said reported crime on the train network had dropped considerably. Total offences were down 1.8 per cent on the previous year. The recent surge in the volume of commuters meant the rate of crime per traveller had almost halved. There were seven crimes per 100,000 passengers in 2002-03 and three and a half crimes per 100,000 in 2006-07. Only five crimes had been recorded at Noble Park station since an incident in October last year when a bashed man died.
The drop in crime at Noble Park proved a show of unity between police and Connex could have marked effects. Boronia, Sunshine and Frankston stations were high on the list of stations under observation, he said. There was a reduction in car theft by a quarter and also a small drop in the number of thefts from cars. And there was a 15 per cent reduction in the number of assaults on moving trains -- with violence instead shifting to platforms or around stations. Supt Pannell said in the last three months, police had started to reduce the soaring figures.
For some time, people have been saying that greenhouse theory makes various assumptions incompatible with the basic laws of physics. That was recently set out at length by two German physicists in an academic paper. Abstract below (semi-popular summary here).
Needless to say, the Warmists on the NYT blog and elsewhere have tried to discredit the German work. Following the abstract below is the disgusted reply to the Warmists from the German physicists:
The atmospheric greenhouse effect, an idea that authors trace back to the traditional works of Fourier 1824, Tyndall 1861, and Arrhenius 1896, and which is still supported in global climatology, essentially describes a fictitious mechanism, in which a planetary atmosphere acts as a heat pump driven by an environment that is radiatively interacting with but radiatively equilibrated to the atmospheric system. According to the second law of thermodynamics such a planetary machine can never exist. Nevertheless, in almost all texts of global climatology and in a widespread secondary literature it is taken for granted that such mechanism is real and stands on a firm scientific foundation. In this paper the popular conjecture is analyzed and the underlying physical principles are clarified. By showing that (a) there are no common physical laws between the warming phenomenon in glass houses and the fictitious atmospheric greenhouse effects, (b) there are no calculations to determine an average surface temperature of a planet, (c) the frequently mentioned difference of 33 degrees Celsius is a meaningless number calculated wrongly, (d) the formulas of cavity radiation are used inappropriately, (e) the assumption of a radiative balance is unphysical, (f) thermal conductivity and friction must not be set to zero, the atmospheric greenhouse conjecture is falsified.
We (Gerhard Gerlich and Ralf D. Tscheuschner) are very sorry that we cannot reply to all statements published in Internet blogs since our "times on-line" are rather limited. Especially, we do not reply to semi-anonymous virtual climate pets like Eli Rabett and other Internet geniuses such as Gavin Schmidt, Stefan Rahmstorf and others at the "Real Climate" or "Atmoz Blog" anti-scientific smear sites. Most of them know so little about physics that they quote the second law of thermodynamics incorrectly in order to falsify our work. Even the difference between energy, work and heat seems to be unknown to these experts. This cannot be the basis of a scientific discussion.
First, let us start with discussing the identity of Eli Rabett. We have been informed that Eli Rabett is the pseudonym of Josh Halpern, a chemistry professor at Howard University. He is a laser spectroscopist with no formal training in climatology and theoretical physics. On 2007-11-14 one of us (RDT) sent Josh Halpern the following E-Mail:
Josh Halpern alias Eli Rabbett - [If you are not Josh Halpern, then forgive me and delete this message immediately.]
Apparently, believing to be protected by anonymity you (and others) want to establish a quality of a scientific discussion that is based on offenses and arrogance rather than on critical rationalism and exchange of arguments. Scientists cannot tolerate and endorse what is becoming a quality in weblogs and what is pioneered by IPCC-conformal virtual climate bloggers. I must urge you to reconsider. My questions to you:
2. What is your favorite exact definition of the atmospheric greenhouse effect within the frame of physics?
4. How do you compute the supposed atmospheric greenhouse effect (the supposed warming effect, not simply the absorption) from given reflection, absorption, emission spectra of a gas mixture, well-formulated magnetohydrodynamics, and unknown dynamical interface and other boundary conditions?
5. Do you really believe, that you can transform an unphysical myth into a physical truth on such a low level of argumentation?
We did not get any response. We would like to encourage the readers of this blog to read our paper, at least the conclusions. It can be found here: http://www.arxiv.org/abs/0707.1161
The following is a delayed reply to the very offending posting #111 of Raymond T. Pierrehumbert who wrote to Marc Morano
You can obfuscate all you want, but you can't hide from the fact that we have been going at this for nearly two weeks now and none of the skeptics we have discussed so far have established a credible publication record for the ideas that qualify them as skeptics in your eyes. Whatever these ideas are, they evidently can't stand up to the same kind of scrutiny that the ideas in the IPCC report have been subjected to.
Neither the validity of a scientific result depends on the publication record of its authors, nor the number of publications is an indicator of the quality of research. To put it bluntly, virtual climate research (Pierrhumbert and his buddies may call it "real climate" research) is nonsense (non-science). The thousands of publications reviewing the results of these computer games are not worth the papers they are printed on, not to mention the hardware, CPU times and memory.
Today I'm in a good mood, so I'll give you a twofer: Gerhard Gerlich and Ralf D. Tscheuschner. Neither of these physicists has produced a single peer-reviewed paper bearing on any aspect of climate science, or even on the radiative physics underpinning climate science.
Indeed, this is a great advantange for the whole discussion, both scientifically and politically. It is a presupposition for to have a fresh look at the topic. We (Gerhard Gerlich and Ralf D. Tscheuschner) are unbiased totally independent theoretical physicists, familar with stochastic description of nature and quantum field theory, respectively, and last but not least familar with the physics lab and software engineering. Of course, we have published our papers in peer-reviewed journals, and on topics that belong to science, not to science fiction as the computer games of global climatology do. We are physicists, not climatologists. The main results of our paper are:
- the CO2 greenhouse effect is not an effect in the sense of a physical effect and, hence, simply does not exist;
- computer aided global climatology will not be science, if science is defined as a method to verify or falsify conjectures, according to the usual definition of science. (We do not get into the ideas of e.g. Feyerabend "anything goes" here in that they do not apply to physics, in particular to applied physics, e.g. aeroplanes).
Due to research grants, a huge amount of financial support, virtual global climatologists suffer from a kind of omnipotence delusion comparable to the state of highness of the early super string community. However, physics is different: "Physics is where the action is", i.e., finally, reproducible results in the lab. We cannot overemphasize that science is a method to prove conjectures, and not to go on-stage like the pop star Al Gore performing what-if-when-scenarios beyond any reality and scaring kids.
The two links you provide in fact point to the same paper. What you seem to be unaware of is that this paper has not been published in any journal. It appears only in the unreviewed ArXIV repository of manuscripts. This repository has no screening whatsoever as to the the content of the papers posted. Indeed, a look at the paper by anybody who has even a nodding acquaintance with radiation physics shows why they wouldn't dare subject it to peer review. About 40 pages of this 90 page opus is in fact devoted to discussing the well-known flaws in the glass-greenhouse analogy sometimes used in simplified explanations of the phenomenon. These flaws have no bearing whatever on the manner in which the greenhouse effect is actually computed in climate models.
We are not sure, whether you, Dr. Pierrehumbert, really know what you are talking about. The full theory of the atmospheric system must be a fusion of magnetohydrodynamics and radiation theory including earth's gravity and rotation. The full theory should be a multi component theory and should include phase separation (interesting!), plasma physics, and highly involved boundary conditions which, in general, even cannot be written down. You, Dr. Pierrehumbert, first solve the turbulence problem, and then we can discuss the existence of a local thermodynamic equilibrium for the photon bath in which the atmosphere is embedded. Point us to only one source in the literature, where the CO2 term enters the fundamental equations (not the useless phenomenological toy model equations).
Mathematically, even within the most simplified models you cannot predict anything, because all these ones crudely approximate non-linear partial differential equations with unknown boundary conditions. There is simply no physical foundation of the computer models with and without CO2.
The rest of the paper is simply bad physics; in fact, if they were right, not only would there be no anthropogenic greenhouse effect, there would be no greenhouse effect at all!
We did not prove anything. We did not show anything. We only demonstrated that you and your virtual global climatology buddies and Al Gore and the peace Nobel prize committee do not know anything about fundamental university physics. We conclusively showed that you guy and your buddies never will prove or disprove anything in the context of your unproven computer models. Moreover, we are sure that you are fully aware of this fact.
In our paper, we clearly show that the standard calculation giving the 33 Celsius degrees for the greenhouse effect is wrong. Moreover, the Venus problem has nothing to do with the greenhouse effect, since in this case even the core presupposition is not fulfilled, namely that the sunlight reaches the ground.
Apparently, you do not know the subtle difference between absorption and warming. Read Chandrasekhar, read Unsoeld, read Schack.
Since the work was never published, it of course has never been discussed in the peer reviewed literature. The obvious flaws in the paper cannot be discussed easily in a comment box, but for a good general guide to the junk physics in this paper I refer the reader to Eli Rabett's discussion at .
Our paper is a brand new preprint submitted for publication. You are allowed to cite it in your future work according to the arXiv conventions. Apparently, you rank a peer reviewed published paper higher than a preprint, no matter of its content. Even so, really surprising in this context is that you attribute to the statements of a semi-anonymous virtual climate pet, namely Eli Rabett, the highest value.
Two scientists have claimed that climate change was not the only cause of the collapse of a 500bn tonne ice shelf in Antarctica six years ago. The 656ft (200m) thick, 1,255 sq mile (3,250 sq km) Larsen B shelf broke apart in March 2002. But Neil Glasser of Aberystwyth University and Ted Scambos of Colorado University claim in a new study that it had been on the brink for decades. They argue that glaciological and atmospheric factors were also invoved.
In a paper published in the Journal of Glaciology, the pair say that when Larsen B collapsed it appeared to be the latest in a long line of victims of Antarctic summer heatwaves linked to global warming. Researchers from the British Antarctic Survey predicted in 1998 that several ice shelves around the peninsula were doomed because of rising temperatures in the region, but the speed with which Larsen B went shocked them in 2002.
But Prof Glasser said the dramatic event was "not as simple as we first thought". He acknowledged that global warming had a major part to play in the collapse [He has to say that. This is a BBC report, after all], but emphasised that it was only one of a number of contributory factors. "Because large amounts of meltwater appeared on the ice shelf just before it collapsed, we had always assumed that air temperature increases were to blame," he added. "But our new study shows that ice-shelf break up is not controlled simply by climate. "A number of other atmospheric, oceanic and glaciological factors are involved. "For example, the location and spacing of fractures on the ice shelf such as crevasses and rifts are very important too because they determine how strong or weak the ice shelf is."
Dr Scambos, of the University of Colorado's national snow and ice data centre, said the ice shelf had probably been in distress for decades before its demise. "It's likely that melting from higher ocean temperatures, or even a gradual decline in the ice mass of the peninsula over the centuries, was pushing the Larsen to the brink," he added.
The snow is finally melting and the roads reopening in western and central Afghanistan, and the thaw is revealing the true impact of the worst winter in living memory. Officially 800 people have died, but many more will no doubt have frozen to death when the snow fell heavier and the temperatures dropped lower than anybody expected.
Ahmad is 18 and he is lying in one of eight beds in a ward at Herat hospital. Everyone there is suffering from frostbite, and some are groaning in agony. You can see the pain on Ahmad's face as he tries to move himself onto one side - learning to move himself now without his legs, as both have been amputated below the knee and are bandaged. "I thought I was going to die in the snow," he says. He is a shepherd and was out in the fields with the animals when the blizzard caught him. "The cold has taken away my legs, and look at my hands - I have lost my fingers."
He was trapped for six days and six nights without any shelter. His brother Abrahim, who's 20, was sent to look for him, but now he lies in the next bed, his legs also claimed by frostbite. Watching over them is their father, Said Mohammad Sultanzai. He is more than 40 years old and has never seen anything like it. His uncle, who is much older, says winter has never been as bad. Said Mohammad explained that in his area, 85 people had been caught out in the open - 18 died and most of the survivors remain in their district, where healthcare is poor, as it is so difficult to get transport to the hospital for treatment.
At the weather centre in Kabul comes an explanation of why this winter has been so bad. "There have been three problems in the last three weeks," said Abdul Qadir Qadir, president of Afghanistan's meteorological service. "The first was a low pressure area from Iran, and in this front we had 180cm [71in] of snow. "Then another front came in from the Gulf, dropping 80cm more, and then a high pressure area from the North Pole - which passed through Siberia - took the temperature down to -30C. "Our records only go back 10 years, but I have been here more than 30 and have never seen anything like this."
The extreme temperatures and heavy snow struck parts of the country that are not usually hit. About 800 people died, many around Herat and Herat province," says Dr Abdul Matin Adrak, director of the Afghanistan National Disaster Management Authority. "All the people were out of their houses with animals, they were busy with them on the land, but the snow struck and they died."
Central and western Afghanistan are very remote and mountainous. Many roads are still blocked and it could be some time before the true extent of the crisis is uncovered. "We don't have the transport to get to them, or the machinery to clear the roads," Dr Adrak adds, appealing for the international community inside and outside Afghanistan to help.
All that can be seen from the air is a vast and mountainous blanket of snow. Tens of thousands of animals have perished, and that will have a long-term impact on communities. Then there is the fear of flooding as temperatures increase and metres of snow begin to melt. The winter may have kept the fighting down to a minimum across much of Afghanistan, but it has still left millions of people in misery.
The temperature in International Falls, Minnesota, fell to a record 40 below zero Monday, just a few days after the town won a federal trademark officially making it the "Icebox of the Nation." It was so cold that resident Nick McDougall couldn't even get his car trunk lid to close after he got out his charger to kick-start his dead battery. By late morning, the temperature had risen all the way to 18 below zero. "This is about as cold as it gets. This is bad. There's no wind -- it's just cold," said McDougall, 48, a worker at The Fisherman, a convenience store and gas station in the northern Minnesota town on the Canadian border. "People just don't go out, unless you have to go to work."
Residents of the area use electric engine block heaters to keep their cars from freezing. "You plug in your car, for sure, and you put the car in the garage if you can," McDougall said. His garage is full of other things, so he had to park outside, which he admitted was a "big mistake."
The previous record low in International Falls was 37 below zero set in 1967. Mike Stewart, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Duluth, said the cold was expected. "When the winds finally died off and the skies cleared off, it just dropped," he said.
The temperature also fell to 40 below zero in Embarrass, 80 miles southeast of International Falls. That's just one degree above the all-time record in Minneapolis, 250 miles to the south, that was set in January 1888, the weather service said. Chilly air also spread into the Northeast on Monday and many schools in New York state between Buffalo and Syracuse closed or opened late. Single-digit temperatures plus high wind drove the wind chill factor to nearly 20 below zero across much of upstate New York. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, had a "Code Blue" alert in effect, sending outreach crews to coax homeless people into shelters. Monday's low was 10 above zero.
Farther south, freezing rain hit southwest Missouri early Monday, making roads hazardous and closing schools. A coating of ice up to an inch thick was expected across much of southern and central Missouri, the weather service said. "It's treacherous. If you can stay home this morning, do it," Missouri Highway Patrol Sgt. Dan Bracker said in Springfield.
Thousands of West Virginia homes and businesses had no electricity Monday after the state was hit by weekend wind gusts of up to 55 mph. At least nine counties closed schools because of power outages and the cold. The mountain city of Elkins had a low of 6 degrees. Classes also were canceled Monday for a number of schools in Michigan, which remained in a deep freeze after a weekend of single-digit temperatures and gusty wind. One death was blamed on the weather.
Tajikistan is facing a growing humanitarian crisis. United Nations agencies warn that the health of large parts of the population is already affected, as the country struggles with a cold and energy emergency. The central Asian republic, home to about 7 million people, is currently experiencing its harshest winter for three decades. The average temperature is around minus 15 degrees Celsius, dropping to as low as minus 25 degrees Celsius at night. Roads between several districts are blocked by heavy snowfall, affecting supplies of food and other basic products. The cold wave has also led to severe problems with the water supply system, as supply lines either break or freeze.
The energy problems are seriously affecting the health sector: 50% of all health facilities in the four major districts of Tajikistan - Kulyab, Rasht valley, Kurgan-Tube and Sogd oblast - report severe power shortages and complete blackouts. According to a WHO assessment, all hospitals in the Kulyab district are without water supply. Hospitals and heath facilities in other districts are facing serious water shortages. Maternal morbidity and cold-related diseases are reported to be on the increase.
A nail-biting cold wave is making the country's financial capital - Mumbai - shiver. The minimum temperature in the city dipped to a season's low of 8.5 degrees Celsius Friday. "This is the lowest-ever temperature recorded in the city for the month of February," said K. Sathi Devi, director of weather bureau here.
The minimum temperature recorded Friday at Colaba, in south Mumbai, was 13.4 degrees Celsius, while at Santacruz in north Mumbai it was 8.5 degrees Celsius. This is the coldest ever in the city of stars in the past 40 years. But the record low is 7.4 on Jan 22, 1962. "The cold wave is expected to continue for at least another two-three days (till Sunday)," Sathi Devi told IANS.
A plain language account of the Loehle research from World Climate. See the original for links and graphics. Note: "Bimillennial" below means "over the last 2,000 years"
Over the past decade, considerable debate existed regarding the temperature history of the Earth on the time scale of millennia. If you followed our discussion on the subject, you know that one camp would like you believe that the highly-publicized warming of the planet over the past century is absolutely unprecedented over the past few thousand years. This group seems to fixate on the "hockey stick" representation of the temperature history of the past 1,000 years, and they hold on to the stick in spite of evidence to the contrary. Many others have argued based on proxy evidence throughout the world that the past few thousand years include a very warm period 1,000 years ago and a cold period 500 years ago; in their eyes, the warming of the past century is not at all unusual. These folks even go on to suggest that the Earth today may not be yet as warm as conditions 1,000 years ago, despite the 100 ppm increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide over the past century.
Several articles have appeared in Energy and Environment recently with results of considerable interest to us at World Climate Report. The first piece is by Dr. Craig Loehle who received his Ph.D. in mathematical ecology in 1982 from Colorado State University. He has published over one hundred papers in applied mathematics and ecology on topics that include statistical models, optimization, simulation, artificial intelligence, fractals, and wavelets. Among other accomplishments, he is the developer of "Global Optimization" which is a Mathematica application package that has been on the market since 1998. Dr. Loehle's affiliation listed in the two articles is the National Council for Air and Stream Improvement, Inc. In the second paper, Loehle is joined by J. Huston McCulloch of the economics department at Ohio State University. There is no evidence that their work is funded by anyone with any stake in the greenhouse - global warming debate.
In the first article, Loehle notes that many long-term reconstructions of climate are based on tree rings, but "There are reasons to believe that tree ring data may not capture long-term climate changes (100+ years) because tree size, root/shoot ratio, genetic adaptation to climate, and forest density can all shift in response to prolonged climate changes, among other reasons." Furthermore, Loehle notes "Most seriously, typical reconstructions assume that tree ring width responds linearly to temperature, but trees can respond in an inverse parabolic manner to temperature, with ring width rising with temperature to some optimal level, and then decreasing with further temperature increases." Other problems include tree responses to precipitation changes, variations in atmospheric pollution levels, diseases, pest outbreaks, and the obvious problem of enrichment that comes along with ever higher levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide. Trees are not simple thermometers!
Loehle gathered as many non-tree ring reconstructions as possible for places throughout the world (Figure 1). There are dozens of very interesting ways to peer into the climatic past of a location, and Loehle included borehore temperature measurements, pollen remains, Mg/Ca ratios, oxygen isotope data from deep cores or from stalagmites, diatoms deposited on lake bottoms, reconstructed sea surface temperatures, and so on. Basically, he grabbed everything available, so long as it did not rely on trees.
Loehle averaged the data for the 18 sites and produced the plot below, with each point representing 30-year centered average temperature (Figure 2). Loehle notes "The data show the Medieval Warm Period (MWP) and Little Ice Age (LIA) quite clearly." The plot also shows that 20th century warming is apparently dwarfed by events in the past. If you are curious about the apparent cooling near present, Loehle explains "The series ends with a downtick because the last set of points are averages that include the cool decades of the 1960s and 1970s." Finally, we learn "It is clear that the 1995-year reconstruction shown here does not match the famous hockey stick shape." Believe us-we noticed that fact immediately!
Following publication of the first article, several errors came to light regarding how temperatures were reported from the various locations. At times, they were reported relative to mean global temperature in 1950, at other times, the base year was 2000. Errors regarding smoothing came to light, other issues were raised, and Loehle and co-author J. Huston McCulloch decided to re-do all the calculations, including improvements in terms of confidence intervals.
The improved plot below shows little change from the graph above, although for data reasons, the last point now represents the 29-year average temperature centered on 1935. (Figure 3). The two statistical wizards note "The corrected data continue to show the Medieval Warm Period (MWP) and Little Ice Age (LIA) quite clearly. The confidence intervals" "indicate that the MWP was significantly warmer than the bimillennial average during most of approximately 820 - 1040 AD, at the 5% level (2-tailed). Likewise, the LIA was significantly cooler than the bimillennial average during most of approximately 1440-1740 AD."
We suspect you have been living your life unaware of the articles by Loehle and McCulloch. The reason is obvious - they found evidence that temperature variations over the past 2,000 years indicate that the earth's average temperature bounces around naturally to a larger degree than other paleo-reconstructions indicate, and further, that temperatures about 1,000 years ago were not that dissimilar to today's temperatures. This suggests that the earth's ecosystems are more resilient (and adaptive) than some pessimists give them credit for-not a favorite topic in the mainstream press.
Have you ever wondered how polar bears survived the ice ages? Yes, ice ages! The question arises because scientists have found that when spring conditions are more than usually icy, fewer ringed seal pups-the bears' favorite food-are born. With less food available for the mother bears, fewer bear cubs are born and survive.
You might also ask: How did the ice-loving polar bears survive periods much warmer than we are currently experiencing-times when there was little or no ice around the Arctic basin and Hudson Bay area? The most recent such period occurred between 6,000 and 9,000 years ago and it was even warmer between 110,000 and 130,000 years ago.
The bears not only survived these periods of dramatically different climate and environment, but provided an invaluable source of food, clothing, and raw materials for tools and trade goods for peoples living in the Arctic regions. In more recent times, during the 1950s and 1960s in particular, hunting with the help of modern technology and in excess of subsistence requirements reduced the population to perhaps as few as 5,000 bears. As their survival as a distinct species for as long as 250,000 years suggests, however, polar bears are robust. Once hunting restrictions were enforced the population grew quickly and there are now estimated to be as many as 27,000 bears; enough of them to pose a danger to Alaskan townsfolk.
Given the historical facts about polar bears, then, we were surprised when we learned that a team of experts commissioned by the U.S. Geological Survey had predicted that the population of bears would fall by two-thirds by the year 2050. These predictions were made "...to Support U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Polar Bear Listing Decision," under the federal Endangered Species Act. We wondered whether the bear experts' forecasting methods could be trusted.
Fortunately, the trustworthiness of the bear experts' forecasting methods is not just a question of opinion. Scientific research on forecasting has been conducted since the 1930s and has led to a set of evidence-based principles (rules or guidelines) that dictate which procedures are appropriate for the conditions. The forecasting principles have been published, and are easily available at forecastingprinciple.com.
Using an Internet search, we found roughly a thousand published papers that addressed the problem of forecasting polar bear numbers. None of them made reference to the scientific literature on forecasting. Most importantly, neither did the nine government reports prepared in support of the listing decision.
We judged two of the reports (Steven Amstrup was the lead author of one and Christine Hunter was the lead author of the other) to be the most relevant forecasting documents. Both Amstrup's and Hunter's forecasting procedures started with the assumption that the sea ice predictions from the General Circulation Models (GCM) that are favored by some climate researchers are valid. They are not. The Models do not constitute scientific forecasting methods and do not deal correctly with what is known about the physics of ice. Since the underlying assumption that the GCM sea ice forecasts are valid is false, the polar bear forecasts are of no value.
We nevertheless used forecasting principles to audit the forecasting procedures used by Amstrup and by Hunter in order to determine whether their procedures would be useful for making conditional forecasts of bear numbers. That is, what would be the bear population in 2050 if low ice conditions prevailed over the intervening decades?
Amstrup's forecasts were the product of a complex set of assumptions. We could not rate his procedures against 26 relevant forecasting principles because his report did not contain sufficient information. Of the 90 relevant principles against which we were able to rate Amstrup's procedures, 73 were violated. Some of the violations were sufficient by themselves to render the forecasts invalid.
One polar bear expert specified variables, relationships, and inputs. The same expert then made adjustments until the forecasts conformed to his expectations. In effect, then, Amstrup's forecasts were the opinions of a single expert (himself) unaided by forecasting principles. Much research has shown that unaided expert opinions are not valid for forecasting in situations with high complexity and much uncertainty, as is the case with the polar bear population.
Hunter's forecasts were also the product of a complex set of assumptions. Complexity makes errors hard to detect, and when knowledge of the situation is weak, erroneous assumptions multiply and lead to large errors. Hunter's procedures violated 80 out of the 105 principles against which we were able to rate them. Amazingly, Hunter and her colleagues extrapolated the polar bear population nearly 100 years into the future on the basis of five years of data. Even the five years of data were of doubtful validity.
As far as predicting the future of the polar bear population is concerned, the opinions of polar bear experts have no value without the aid of scientific forecasting procedures.
A decision to list polar bears as endangered would be expensive for the government authorities to police. It would also lead to new burdens for businesses and for people living in Alaska. Recently, villagers from the town of Noorvik, Alaska killed a polar bear that was threatening residents. Would they have been allowed to do this if polar bears were an Endangered Species? Would it be fair to ask people to abandon their homes if a polar bear decided to include them in its range?
Polar bears are magnificent creatures and the cubs look cute. But decisions about listing a species as threatened or endangered should not be based on emotional responses. Without scientific forecasts of a substantial decline in the polar bear population and of net benefits from feasible policies arising from listing them, a decision to list would be irresponsible.
Dr. Arthur Robinson is a professor of chemistry and is cofounder of the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine, which was created in 1980 to conduct basic and applied research in subjects applicable to increasing the quality, quantity, and length of human life. As part of his work, he edits the newsletter Access to Energy.
Dr. Robinson, in collaboration with other scientists, was one of the early critics of doomsday global-warming theories. He has authored articles and created video presentations demonstrating that the hypothesis of human-caused global warming is wrong, showing that the hypothesis is not supported by the observable evidence. To come to this conclusion, Professor Robinson and his colleagues brought together the findings of hundreds of peer-reviewed studies about all aspects of the global-warming hypothesis.
THE NEW AMERICAN: Flip on any channel, open any newspaper or magazine, and it's clear we are being bombarded with the message that the Earth is warming. Is there any merit to this claim?
Dr. Arthur Robinson: Yes, but the temperature is only going up 0.5ø C per century. Moreover, this increase is not being caused by human activity.
TNA: Those who blame mankind for causing global warming would respond to that point by saying that the Earth is the warmest it's been in 400 years, and that's significant.
Dr. Robinson: They're right, but they only show you the data from the last 400 years. If the data for a longer time interval is considered, temperatures today are seen to be not especially warm. The current temperature is about average for the past 3,000 years. It was much warmer during the Medieval Climate Optimum 1,000 years ago (see Figure 1). The climate, as we know from historical records, was just fine during that warm period. In fact, it was a little better. So, yes, it is the warmest in 400 years.
Moreover, the temperature, which is going up very slowly, is correlated with the sun's activity, not hydrocarbon use (see Figure 3).
Dr. Robinson: Gore, et al., tell us that CO2 is a pollutant, and that humans have caused this terrible problem. But actually the atmosphere contains lots of carbon dioxide. Carbon dioxide, water, and oxygen are required for life. Without these substances in the atmosphere, life would not be possible. All of the carbon in our bodies originates as atmospheric carbon dioxide. Plus, we're only adding moderately and temporarily to CO2 levels. Carbon dioxide moves through the atmosphere on its way to the oceans and biosphere. Human use has caused a transient increase during the past century - from about 0.03 percent to 0.04 percent of atmospheric molecules. Man is producing about 8 gigatons per year, and yet there are 40,000 gigatons in the biosphere and oceans.
Dr. Robinson: Which are just there - created as part of nature. Between 1880 and 1890, the level of CO2 in the atmosphere was about 295 ppm [parts per million]. For comparison, this office right now is rising toward 1,000 ppm because we're all exhaling carbon dioxide.
The human-caused increase in the atmosphere is not permanent, but temporary. This increase is only being maintained by our production and, as soon as we stop producing at some later time when our technology advances, it will go back to its naturally controlled level.
When we use hydrocarbons, the resulting carbon dioxide goes through the atmosphere on its way to the oceans and biosphere, so there is a rise in the atmosphere. Carbon dioxide has a very short half-time of about seven years in the atmosphere. However, while it is in higher concentration, it is wonderful for us because it makes our plants grow faster, which markedly increases the amounts and diversity of plant and animal life.
TNA: Al Gore also says that the UN's IPCC has spoken, and the debate is over, because there is a consensus. What do you say to that?
Dr. Robinson: Right now the UN claims that they have about 2,500 people involved in this and about 600 scientists seriously involved. This is what Al Gore would point to today.
We have more than 22,000 scientist signers of our global-warming petition who've looked at the issue and concluded essentially the opposite of these United Nations people. This says nothing about the science. Science does not depend on polling. Just because we have 22,000, and the UN may have 600, does not matter. The only thing our petition demonstrates is that there is no consensus among scientists in support of the UN claims.
Scientific questions are never settled in this way. Science is about natural truth. The truth doesn't require any advocate. It stands by itself.
In science, a scientist may discover the truth about something. Then he develops a hypothesis, and the hypothesis is tested by various means. So long as the hypothesis passes experimental tests, it becomes stronger and is further relied upon - unless it fails an experimental test. If it is a very fine hypothesis with wide utility, it may spread throughout the entire scientific community and become part of the basis of scientific knowledge. The process by which this is done is not what is important. The truth is important. Scientific truth is not determined by polling or by convening meetings.
TNA: But when looking at the pronouncements of the United Nations - IPCC and the media, the average viewer would be led to believe that they've figured global warming out.
Dr. Robinson: Climate science is a very primitive science. The atmosphere is a complicated system, somewhat similar to human biochemistry. We know some things, but we don't know most of the needed facts. As you know, climatologists have trouble predicting the weather a week or two in advance. They surely cannot predict climate many years in the future.
There are some very fine scientists, like Richard Lindzen at MIT, who work on the details of climate theory and attempt to understand the atmosphere in detail. They are inching forward toward the eventual solution of this very complex system. Today, this system can only be evaluated empirically because it is not yet understood.
We can show that the hypothesis of human-caused global warming is false, however, because we have enough empirical data to falsify this hypothesis. Human-caused global warming is a hypothesis that has failed so many experimental tests that it is clearly without merit.
TNA: To the average person, those IPCC reports look very authoritative, very intimidating. It looks to us like a battle between two sides of experts. How do we know whom to believe?
Dr. Robinson: First, just because the UN has spent an enormous amount of money to convene meetings of 600 mostly self-interested people - many of whom are receiving research grants and other perks for participating - to try to determine something that isn't knowable with current data and techniques, and produce a report, proves nothing.
Moreover, many of these 600 disagree with the conclusions that the UN-IPCC advertises. The scientists are never allowed to approve or disapprove the final report, and many of the comments that they submit for publication in the report are rejected by UN bureaucrats.
First, the report that is initially released to the public by the UN-IPCC is an executive summary put together by a handful of people including bureaucrats, politicians, UN operatives, and a few scientists. They issue a summary report with UN propaganda in it. They then go back to the reports of the 600 scientists and insert sentences into those reports so that they will conform to the summary.
At no time in this process do the 600 ever vote approval or disapproval of their own report or of the summary report. So this report is not even approved by the people who are claimed to have authored it. This is a fraudulent process.
Dr. Robinson: Yes, for the most part. Except that they often unethically omit that part of the data that does not agree with their hypothesis. They pick the parts of the data that favor their conclusion and discard the rest. If you play with the data, you can falsify with it. So the UN is picking parts of the data. We are considering it all.
TNA: Scientists who are not intimidated to speak out about this are typically charged by the enviros as being paid by the oil companies.
Dr. Robinson: Well, we've never been fortunate enough to receive any money from them, and I mean in any way, personally, professionally in our laboratory, or anything. We have never received a dime from anybody who has a specific economic interest in this issue. However, UN power to control and ration world energy - the real goal of their activities - would have a terrible, negative impact on the lives of all Americans. In that sense, all of our supporters have an economic interest.
Dr. Robinson: But he only shows the data for the limited time intervals that seem to support his claims. Here is the world glacier curve (see Figure 2) based on an average of all the world's glaciers for which there are good records. Some glaciers are actually increasing, but on average the glaciers are decreasing - toward the more normal lengths that are typical of long-term average world temperatures. This curve is offset by 20 years because there is about a 20-year lag between the temperature increase and the shortening of the glaciers.
So the temperature increase reflected in the glacier lengths begins in about 1800. The glaciers have been shortening for 200 years. They started shortening a century before significant amounts of CO2 were produced by human activity. Notice also that the shortening is linear. Hydrocarbon use increased six-fold and the glacier melting rate did not change at all.
The glaciers started shortening long before we were using significant amounts of hydrocarbons, and, when we increased our use by six-fold, the shortening rate did not change. Therefore, human hydrocarbon use is evidently not the cause of glacier shortening or the mild natural temperature increase that is causing that shortening.
Dr. Robinson: A good clue is contained in data showing arctic air temperature vs. solar activity (see Figure 3). There is a good correlation. Surface temperature vs. solar activity data also correlates well (see Figure 4).
TNA: What about Gore's demonstration in his movie, with those very large graphs, that CO2 tracks right along with temperature and is, therefore, the cause of that warming?
Dr. Robinson: In those curves, the temperature goes up before the CO2 and goes down before the CO2. The CO2! lags the temperature. And the reason it does is that the CO2 rise is caused by the temperature rise rather than vice versa. As temperatures rise, carbon dioxide is released from the oceans, just as the carbon dioxide is released from soft drinks when their temperature rises. Gore shows the curves with poor resolution, so that this cannot be seen by the viewer. His film is filled with dozens of other deliberate errors and misrepresentations.
My favorite is the part where Gore says that "the scientists who specialize in global warming have computer models that long ago predicted this range of temperature increase." He then displays a graph of their alleged "predictions" and the claimed actual temperatures.
This graph is bogus in several ways, but the most striking is that the computer-predicted curve begins in 1938 - before either Al Gore or the computer had been invented. Unless Al Gore invented the computer before he was born, and didn't show it to anybody but climate modelers until after WWII, this is impossible, because there were no computers in 1938!
TNA: Speaking of computers, allowing the UN to take over the world's energy would have a big effect on our higher standard of living, would it not?
Dr. Robinson: An estimated nine percent of the energy of the United States is now used to power computers and the Internet. This technology cannot exist without energy. Automobiles require energy. You cannot warm your home without energy.
If the UN controls, rations, and taxes energy, they will have the power to determine whether you can run a wood stove, whether you can run an automobile, or can use any of the technology that makes our modern life possible. When you say this to people, their eyes glaze over. They don't believe it's going to happen.
The power to tax and ration energy is the power to control the world - to have life and death control over every human being on the planet. No government should ever have this power. The United Nations-IPCC process is not about the climate or saving the environment. It is about power and money - lots of it.
Should Gore and the UN succeed, the effect will not only be diminished prosperity in the United States. In underdeveloped countries, billions of people are lifting themselves from poverty by means of hydrocarbon energy. If their energy supplies are rationed and taxed, they will slip backwards into poverty, misery, and death. This fits the population control agenda of the United Nations. If the misuse and falsification of the scientific method that drives the human-caused global-warming mania succeeds, it will cause the greatest acts of human genocide the world has ever known. It must be stopped.
Natural processes may prevent oceans from warming beyond a certain point, helping protect some coral reefs from the impacts of climate change, new research finds. The study, by scientists at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) and Australian Institute of Marine Science (AIMS), finds evidence that an ocean "thermostat" appears to be helping to regulate sea-surface temperatures in a biologically diverse region of the western Pacific.
The research team, led by NCAR scientist Joan Kleypas, looked at the Western Pacific Warm Pool, a region northeast of Australia where naturally warm sea-surface temperatures have risen little in recent decades. As a result, the reefs in that region appear to have suffered relatively few episodes of coral bleaching, a phenomenon that has damaged reefs in other areas where temperature increases have been more pronounced.
The study lends support to a much-debated theory that a natural ocean thermostat prevents sea-surface temperatures from exceeding about 88 degrees Fahrenheit (31 degrees Celsius) in open oceans. If so, this thermostat would protect reefs that have evolved in naturally warm waters that will not warm much further, as opposed to reefs that live in slightly cooler waters that face more significant warming.
LINDSAY Tanner and Penny Wong are two of the most talented members of Kevin Rudd's new front bench. Both have had sure-footed starts to their executive careers. And both were on their feet last week.
The best compliment you can pay Tanner, the Finance Minister, is an oxymoron: he's a genuinely committed economic rationalist from the Left. Tanner in factional terms is a transgender politician: a fiscal conservative trapped inside the social policy body of an inner-city Melbourne latte sipper. This is a product of history. Tanner joined the Left on grounds of environmental politics but outgrew his base on economics. Preselection pressures have kept him from having the final reassignment operation he's crying out for. He's an inspired choice as Finance Minister and has been waiting for his moment in the sun - overseeing the fiscal structure of Labor's first budget - for his entire political life. Ultimately Tanner wants to be treasurer. He may get there: the first from the Left since Jim Cairns, though Tanner would cringe at the comparison. [Any treasurer would!]
Wong, as Minister for Climate Change, is also from the Left and another person who's been in training for this calling all her political life, from the campus tussles at Adelaide University on. Her moment came at the UN climate change summit in Bali, just before Christmas, where with 20 years of negotiated factional outcomes behind her, she shifted seamlessly on to the world stage to parlay the final deal on a post-Kyoto framework. Given her talents, she will inevitably have more such moments. And last week Tanner and Wong, rising stars of the shiny new Rudd Government, were at odds. Not that either of them knew it.
Let me explain. Tanner, for his part, was at the National Press Club in Canberra on Wednesday, delivering a finely calibrated speech in which he outlined the commitment of Rudd's budget razor gang to do its part in bearing down on inflation by cutting outlays by 1.5 per cent of gross domestic product when Labor's first spending document is brought down in May by Treasurer Wayne Swan. Wong, on the same day, was in Melbourne at the Park Hyatt Hotel, delivering a speech to the Australian Industry Group entitled Climate Change: A Responsibility Agenda.
Wong's rhetoric and sense of mission were uplifting: "I want to begin by taking stock of where we are," she said. "Over many years, scientists have gathered a body of evidence which makes the case that climate change is real and is being caused by human activity. "For some time now, that evidence has been irrefutable. [If it is irrefutable, it's not evidence] For some time now, people in Australia and around the world have been calling for action and, in their everyday lives, taking action themselves. "Businesses have been looking at the looming threat of climate change and at the new opportunities it presents, and also taking action for themselves. I acknowledge and encourage these existing industry efforts at climate change mitigation.
"So over the past decade, business and the community have been leading while our national elected leaders abdicated their responsibility. Now it's up to us. "Future generations will look back on us all and ask what we did. "With the prospect of sea levels encroaching upon our mostly coastal population, they will ask why it took so long to act. "Seeing our river systems die before our very eyes, they will ask how this was allowed to happen. "With our knowledge that climate change puts our food and water supplies at risk, they will hold us accountable.
"Two months ago, Australians delivered a clear message. They said we need a new sense of responsibility in this country: a responsibility to protect not only today's economy but also prepare for the economy of the future; responsibility for protecting our country, our values and lifestyles beyond the next electoral cycle."
Through these obvious adversities, Wong remained upbeat: "So it is no embellishment to say that climate change is the challenge of our generation. But it is also the opportunity of our generation," she said. "It's fair to say that most of the talk about the economic impact of climate change has been of the potential threat. Yet we should also look to the opportunity for new growth, for innovation, for a modern economy. "Australia is blessed with resources to exploit developments in clean energy, and we have the scientists, engineers, and capacity to deliver."
Trouble was, back at the National Press Club, Tanner was mounting the inflation case for cutting precisely the programs Wong was promoting in Melbourne. Immediately after his speech, the Finance Minister issued a statement detailing an immediate $643 million in spending cuts as a down payment on the promised rigours of the May budget.
The line items appeared obscure. But closer examination revealed that at least three measures - the defunding of the Asia Pacific Network for Energy Technology and the Low Emissions Technology and Abatement program, and the reduction in money for the Renewable Remote Power Generation Program - were going to contribute $49.2 million to Tanner's budget bottom line. And then there was the $3 million knife taken to the funding for the CSIRO research vessel Southern Surveyor.
A look at the vessel's website is instructive. Its lead item says: "On January 11, Australia's marine national facility RV Southern Surveyor embarks on a three-week voyage to survey deep-sea coral beds in the Tasman Sea and Southern Ocean. "The composition of deep-sea corals is used to determine previous deep ocean conditions, such as temperature, salinity and the mixing of surface and deep water layers over a time scale of tens to hundreds of thousands of years. Using specialised remotely operated underwater vehicles, sampling will occur down to depths of 4000m, deeper than ever before in Australian waters. "The findings will contribute to models of regional and global climate change based on deep-sea circulation patterns in the Southern Ocean as well as documenting the biodiversity of life at extreme depths."
In other words, the Southern Surveyor is an example of just the sort of "scientists, engineers and (research) capacity" Wong lauded in her Melbourne speech as being essential to the frontline battle against the effects of climate change.
This column brought these anomalies to the attention of Wong's office. In mitigation they say the Low Emissions Technology and Abatement money had not yet been committed and the Asia Pacific Network for Energy Technology constitutes an overlap with existing research and development programs. These details aside, the fact remains that the Tanner-Wong episode is an important symbol of an inevitable transitional phase for the new Labor Government. And the transition is from the high-minded rhetoric of election promises and goals on issues such as climate change to the realities of government, dirtied by the hard stuff of inflation and interest rates.
Cabinet ministers such as Wong, shut out from the budget razor gang process - which at this stage includes only Rudd, Swan, Tanner and Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard - are about to learn the speed limits that the responsibility of office will impose on their ambitions for their portfolios as well as their ideas about their station in public life. From Tanner's National Press Club speech henceforth the full stop of inflation will put paid to all ambit claims in both cases.
While Labor will not resort to the crudity of Howard's default position in 1996 of core (to be kept) and non-core (to be junked) promises, the effect in many more obscure areas, such as the fate of the Southern Surveyor, will be just the same. Welcome to the era of budget pain. It's a rite of passage that ministers as well as ordinary voters will have to share. Just ask Penny Wong.
Australia recently had one of its recurrent doughts, though it was only really bad for about a year. The Australian public were told at the time by all sorts of wise-sounding people that it was all because of global warming -- quite ignoring the fact that Australia's worst recorded drought was around 1901, long before most of the industrial activities that Greenies identify as "causing" global warming.
For about a year now, however, Australia has been affected by more and more flooding. Dam levels have approximately doubled in many places. It rains just about every day where I am. I was moved to write this by one of our many sudden downpours, in fact. The rain has finally been enough to stop the talk of drought (which went on for some time after the floods began) but there has not been a PEEP of a suggestion in the media to say that the floods might indicate global cooling -- DESPITE the fact that the world HAS cooled recently and despite the fact that the cooling has coincided with a period of reduced activity on the sun, which could explain the cooling. So we have a new form of "logic": Drought is caused by warming but floods are not caused by cooling.
Background: I have noted here some of the many stories about disastrously cold Northern Hemisphere winters that have been appearing recently and they are very regularly noted on Astute Bloggers. One episode that I have not seen mentioned came to me in an email recently. A reader told me that earlier this month Baku (Azerbaijan) had it's coldest night for 75 years (-8.6C). There is also a report just in from China saying that China has had one-tenth of its forest resources wrecked by snow damage. And last Southern Hemisphere winter was exceptionally cold too -- particularly in Argentina.
The supposed connection between warming and drought always was a huge stretch. Warming should cause the seas to evaporate more and thus cause more rain to fall. So in a way the Greenies should be rejoicing at the current flooding. The flooding really COULD be a sign of warming. But it seems that even the Greenies are too embarrassed to turn around and march in the opposite direction straight away. No doubt they fear the ridicule that would attract. It's rather a delightful form of justice, actually. It shows how their own dishonesty ultimately defeats them
In truth, of course, Australia's cycles of drought and flood will go on as they always have. As one of Australia's best-loved poems (first published in 1908) reads:
Below is an old and hilarious claim about James Hansen -- that the world's most vocal and visible scientific panic-merchant was ever "silenced". But it is the sort of reporting we expect from Jonathan Leake. There is an earlier example of Leake's deliberate deception on climate matters here. Hansen is a NASA employee and the truth of the "censorship" matter is as follows:
In 2006, Hansen accused the Bush Administration of attempting to censor him. The issue stemmed from an email sent by a 23-year old NASA public affairs intern. It warned Hansen over repeated violations of NASA's official press policy, which requires the agency be notified prior to interviews. Hansen claimed he was being "silenced," despite delivering over 1,400 interviews in recent years, including 15 the very month he made the claim. While he admits to violating the NASA press policy, Hansen states he had a "constitutional right" to grant interviews.
Jim Hansen has long been a thorn in the side of the White House. Now he has a stark warning for Britain. The trap was sprung in February 2006. The White House ordered that Dr Jim Hansen was to be denied the oxygen of publicity forthwith. He was to be banned from appearing in newspapers and on TV and radio. He was effectively to disappear. It was the kind of treatment that might be reserved for terrorists, criminals or, in a totalitarian regime, for political dissidents.
Hansen, however, was none of these things. The director of Nasa's renowned Goddard space science laboratories was a dry, rather self-effacing climate change scientist with a worldwide reputation for accurate and high-quality research. What had happened? "All I had done was to give a talk to the American Geophysical Union, setting out how 2005 had been the warmest year on record," recalled Hansen, in a visit to London last week. "But someone at Nasa got a call right from the top, from the White House. They were very annoyed."
It was not quite all he had done. Hansen had also e-mailed a transcript of the talk to a raft of reporters before he spoke. "I did make sure it hit the headlines," he recalls modestly. In his talk he declared that humanity, especially Americans and Europeans, were burning fossil fuels so fast that they risked transforming Earth into "a different planet".
Government scientists were not supposed to say things like that. Shortly afterwards the head of Nasa's public affairs office, one of George Bush's political appointees, banned Hansen from speaking to the media. "Then they also forced us to remove all our data about the latest temperature rises from the website," says Hansen. "I realised they really were going to stop me communicating." It looked like a classic case of a naive scientist being ruthlessly crushed by a government machine.
In reality, however, it was Hansen who laid the trap - and the Bush administration that got caught. A few more calls to the media and soon the story of the lone scientist gagged by the mighty Bush administration hit the front pages all over the world, carrying Hansen's warning about climate change with it once again.
Remember when tornadoes used to be something that just happened along about April and we waited for that first 70-degree day in May? Now we have terrible twisters in January and February and 70-degree days to boot. Is it global warming? Who knows at this stage, but something weird is happening. Those huge swings in temperatures are dramatic, but just a little change in the average readings for the planet could cause havoc, as a National Geographic Channel documentary shows tomorrow night.
Tired of hearing about global warming? Just consider the facts laid out in "Six Degrees Could Change the World" at 8 tomorrow night. It's narrated by Alec Baldwin and is based on a book of the same name by National Geographic author Mark Lynas. Here's a summary of what it says.
Think about moving to Northern Canada. Severe droughts are going to increase in the Western United States with just a one-degree rise in temperature. We may not be able to raise grain and meat in places that are going to become deserts from Texas to the Canadian border. At a two-degree rise, most of the world's coral reefs would vanish. That's an early warning of worse things to come.
A three-degree hike would cause the Amazon rain forest, which the whole planet depends upon, to erupt into drought-and-fire cycles. Summers would be close to unbearable. The weather service would have to develop a new classification for hurricanes, moving up to a Category 6 level.
At a four-degree increase, the frozen reaches of Northern Canada would enjoy weather like what we have now in this area. We don't want to think about what it would be like here. Melting glaciers would cause rising sea levels. Add another degree and U.S. coastal cities such as New York would be mostly underwater.
With just a six-degree rise, the oceans would die. Deserts would reclaim much of the planet, and Earth would revert to the dinosaur era, when the globe was a big steam bath.
If you have a 10-year-old child, some of this could happen about the time that he or she is 50. So can it be stopped or at least slowed down? There is a lot that people can do, but the experts agree it will take a global governmental commitment to seriously change much, not to mention politicians with enough backbone to pass laws to make it happen. Either that or start thinking up some good answers for when your grandchildren ask why we let this happen.
Climate change may be a top issue in the minds of California voters, but so far it's played only a cameo role in this year's presidential race. The League of Conservation Voters has been tracking the number of questions asked of the presidential candidates on the Sunday news shows and the debates televised by the major networks. Of the more than 2,900 questions asked, only four have mentioned the words "global warming." "It's stunning," said David Sandretti, the League of Conservation Voters' chief spokesman.
But it's not the candidates' fault. Many of the top contenders have been promoting their plans to battle climate change on the campaign trail. It's the leading TV journalists - like NBC's Tim Russert or ABC's George Stephanopoulos or CNN's Wolf Blitzer - who have relegated it to a second-tier issue. "The candidates are talking about it. They're getting questions in town hall meetings about it," Sandretti said. "The only people who aren't asking about it, it seems, are the mainstream media."
All one seems to hear about climate change are essentially useless debates between deniers and skeptics, along with unrealistic and grotesquely draconian proposals that would force us back into the Stone Age in an effort to mitigate carbon dioxide production. Assertions by zealots and politicians, who should really know better, that climate change is the "most important environmental problem facing the world," ought to be subjected to the, uh, cold light of reason. Before untold resources are spent, shouldn't we at least compare climate change to other problems facing mankind?
Fortunately, someone has finally done just that. Noted scholar, Dr. Indur M. Goklany, whose resume includes stints with federal and state governments, think tanks, and the private sector for over 30 years, has released a detailed analysis-prepared for the Cato Institute- entitled What to Do about Climate Change. Goklany examined certain risks to humanity, and compared the contributory effects of climate change to non-climate change factors.
His data and projections came from two independently published reports:The "fast-track assessment" of the global impacts of climate change, sponsored by the U.K. Department of Environment, Forests and Rural Affairs and The Stern Review on the economics of climate change.Goklany's most significant conclusion is that...[T]hrough the foreseeable future, climate change exacerbates existing environmental and human health problems, but only to a modest degree relative to contributions from other factors not related to climate change. Hence, the threats posed by climate change are more robustly and cost-effectively addressed, at least in the short- to medium-term, by policies that address the underlying causes of the environmental and human health problems that are exacerbated by climate change.
Consider malaria. In the period from 1990-2085, the population at risk is projected to double-from 4.41 billion to 8.82 billion, in the absence of climate change. And, by 2085, climate change will cause an additional 256 to 323 million people to be at risk for malaria. Sounds scary, yet this number represents no more than 3.5 percent of the population at risk. 96.5% of this cohort exists because of other factors. Thus, if climate change were somehow reversed to achieve 1990 levels, only a tiny fraction of this problem is addressed.
Full adoption of the Kyoto protocol has been projected to reduce climate change by only 7 percent, at a cost estimate of $165 billion per year, for so-called Annex I countries. But, this extrapolates to 7% of 3.5%, or a reduction in the at-risk malaria population of a scant two-tenths of one percent! Yet, according the UN Millennium project, a 75% reduction in malaria deaths can be achieved for $3 billion/year, with a program focused directly on malaria prevention (not triangulated through climate change initiatives). Talk about a better bang for your buck.
Some may argue that the case of malaria is too simplistic, and we should also look at more generic ecological issues. How about terrestrial biodiversity? There is little argument that expansion of croplands represents the single greatest threat to terrestrial biodiversity and the expanse of coastal wetlands. Ironically, models with the coolest future seem to predict the highest habitat losses. Reason suggests that efforts to improve agricultural productivity and techniques for more efficient use of water in agriculture would be of extreme benefit here.
Goklany cites a paper published in Nature, that attributed 170,000 deaths to global warming in 2000, even as its authors acknowledged serious flaws in their own analysis. Taking this number at face value, compare it to the top ten global health risk factors related to food, nutrition, and environmental and occupational exposure, according to the World Health Organization (data for 2001):
* Indoor air pollution from indoor heating and cooking with wood, coal, and dung 1.62 million deaths
At present, then, climate change is nowhere near the most important environmental (or public health) problem facing the world. Furthermore, as Goklany demonstrates, solving specific problems that would be exacerbated by climate change is a far more rational policy than attacking carbon dioxide production. A bonus is that these problems would be solved or diminished regardless of whether climate change occurs or not.
Hosking was filming a wildlife documentary in Hawaii in 2006, on how plastic pollution is killing whales, sea birds and turtles; apparently these animals are choking on our discarded plastic fragments. She then returned to her hometown of Modbury in Devon, south-west England, determined to convince the town's traders and residents to replace plastic bags with other, biodegradable and re-useable varieties. She was successful, and Modbury is now hailed as Britain's first carrier bag-free zone....
Hosking may well be a wonderful human being (though her comment about people who have second homes in Devon - `Oh, you're one of the ones I need to put a pipe bomb through your letterbox, quite frankly' - does not suggest an entirely generous spirit). But she doesn't seem to think very much of the rest of us. In an interview last year, she expressed a cynical and fashionable disdain for modern British society: `We are 60million people eating up vast amounts of valuable natural resources. this can only lead to us drowning in our own waste and cooking in our own gases. Plastic bags clogging our waterways and climate change are two symptoms of the same problem - unsustainability.'
Whatever Hosking's personal merits and flaws, there is clearly something in the issue of bags that gets people agitated. Politicians have picked up on this mood, too, and are falling over themselves to suggest bans or compulsory charging for plastic bags. Indeed, Hosking was by no means a pioneer. First off the mark was Ireland, which introduced a `plastax' in 2002. Shoppers must now pay for each bag they receive. Currently the price of a plastic bag in Ireland is 22 Euro cents (about 15 pence or 30 US cents); the introduction of this charge initially cut the number of bags handed out by 90 per cent, though bag usage has crept up again since. According to the Irish government, the proportion of litter made up of plastic bags fell from five per cent to 0.22 per cent after the tax was introduced. Other administrations - in France and San Francisco - have banned plastic bags altogether; London may soon follow suit. This month, China announced a ban on free plastic bags.
Yet contrary to the assertions of campaigners, plastic bags are a mere footnote in Britain's use of resources and production of waste. They do not contribute very much to overall waste levels. The bags handed out for free by supermarkets weigh about eight grams. We use absolutely loads of them each year: about 10billion in the UK, which amounts to 80,000 tonnes of waste. It sounds like a lot, but in fact it represents only 0.27 per cent of all municipal waste produced annually in the UK. Moreover, the bags are produced using a part of crude oil - naphtha - that generally can't be used for anything else. If naphtha wasn't used to produce bags, it would mostly be burned off.
If anything, the plastic bag is a victim of its own success. These wafer-thin carriers are durable, ridiculously cheap to mass produce and have all sorts of wonderful ancillary uses, from bin liners to bicycle seat covers. This capacity for imaginative re-use - and the irrationality of obsessing about such trivial consumption - was neatly illustrated by Louise Carpenter in her Observer Food Monthly interview with Hosking. Her Hosking-inspired aversion to plastic bags left her, almost literally, in the shit: `In the middle of our conversation, I feel a rumble in my daughter's nappy [diaper] that quickly turns into an explosion. When I get to the loo to change her, I realise with dismay that I only have a plastic Sainsbury's bag in which to contain the dirty nappy. To my shame, it is my usual method of dealing with such a business. Not only is this clearly unacceptable in Modbury but I realise that Hosking has already converted me. "I'll take that from you!" says the Modbury cafe lady when I emerge holding the un-bagged nappy.' Welcome to Brave New Modbury, where even sticking a stinking nappy in a plastic bag, and tying a very tight knot, is frowned upon.
The cost-benefit ratio of the modern plastic bag is extremely high - they cost little financially or environmentally, and they are extremely useful. That doesn't mean plastic bags are perfect, of course. If a small charge for bags reduces bag litter, it might not be a bad idea. If alternative, cost-effective materials can be found to make carrier bags, materials which do not linger in the environment, then that's all to the good. But the crusading tone of today's anti-plastic bag hysteria suggests there is something more profound going on here than the problem of litter or plastic waste on the sea shore; this has become a deeply moralistic campaign, with some worrying undertones.
UK prime minister Gordon Brown put his finger on it last November when he suggested that plastic bags are `one of the most visible symbols of environmental waste'. It is the very visibility of plastic bags, the fact that they are used to carry all that nice food and various other consumer products, that makes certain people uncomfortable. At root, the mostly middle-class activists who get excited by the detritus of everyday life, like plastic bags, are really guilt-ridden about consumption in general - which is ironic, given that the middle classes consume more than the majority of the population. While most expenditure continues to be on the necessities of life - housing, food, heating and transport - the relatively small proportion of income devoted to the non-essentials has in recent years taken on an overwhelming importance for middle-class campaigners and commentators.
The anti-bag campaign is a product of society's current impasse. In the absence of any new political vision for transforming society, greens argue that we have reached our `natural limits' and must stop, rein things in, live more humbly. Therefore, overconsumption is looked upon as downright foolhardy, even sinful; we must reduce, reuse, recycle, they say. In this narrow-minded climate, the plastic bag, and more importantly he who carries it, has become a symbol of reckless greed and waste. What's more, many people see society as lacking any moral purpose today; thus they seek out activities and campaigns that can provide them with a sense of purpose and moral bluster. Fretting about something as historically and environmentally insignificant as the plastic bag might seem mad to many of us, but it allows Moralistic of Modbury to feel as if they are doing something Important.
Above all, this new `ethical' outlook represents a psychological, sometimes even physical, retreat from modern life. Hosking's description of her return to Modbury captured many people's view of modern life these days: `I'd been running away from Modbury for about 15 years, going as far away as I could. But right now I think it's probably quite important to localise yourself, batten down the hatches and have a life where you can sustain yourself a bit.' (6) `Sustain yourself a bit' - that could be the motto of environmentalism and of contemporary society in general. What about the millions of people who expect more from life than basic sustenance and degraded debates about non-degradable bags?
The science of "junk science" is to propagate a hypothesis that appears plausible but lacks substantiation and validation. The media and those with an agenda often promote the perception of plausibility but overlook the absence of validation.
The discipline of science evolved during the 13th and 14th centuries. It began with the merger of inductive analysis based on experimentation and deductive reasoning based on observation and debate. Experiments test a hypothesis. Criticism and debate establish the significance of the results.
The claim that debate has ended and "everyone agrees," or "there is consensus" that uncontrolled emissions of carbon dioxide by man will be catastrophic is the propagation of a falsity for the former and a fallacy for the latter. Not all scientists agree with the conclusion and whatever substantiation presented for the hypothesis has not been validated. Scientific validation is not about consensus.
Scientific validation for man-made global warming requires analysis of many interlocking and interdependent factors. Many of the factors are incapable of validation with computer modeling. This is evident from the information buried in the footnotes of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change relied on by the proponents of man-made global warming. Computer modeling is the basis for the panel's report.
Science has not developed the capability to distinguish and measure with any degree of certainty the quantity of carbon dioxide emitted solely by nature and that emitted by man. There are no scientific methods to determine what percent of carbon dioxide emissions are absorbed by vegetation or by the oceans and whether the unabsorbed remainder released to the atmosphere is in fact capable of causing catastrophic results.
Carbon dioxide is the "elixir of life" for vegetation. Studies have shown that increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide improve crop utilization of fertilizers and water resulting in improved crops and crop yields.
A glaring omission from the IPCC study is data evaluating the Milankovitch Effect. The Milankovitch Effect measures the sun's energy and its effect on the earth as determined by the earth's orbit and its axial tilt. Other variables include unpredictable climate factors such as cloud cover, ocean circulation patterns, changes in precipitation, storms and other weather patterns.
Should significant economic policies be based on unsubstantiated projections obtained from inadequate computer climate models? Models that attempt to reduce all of the physical, chemical and biologic processes of Mother Nature to a set of mathematical equations. Arrogant? Presumptuous? Fallacious?
The fallacy of man-made global warming facilitates the ideal scare campaign for those seeking government intervention, global governance and an increase in global authority and control over energy. Control of energy is control of the economy, capital investment, the free market and wealth creation. Government intervention results in increased government dependence, taxation, income redistribution and socialism.
In the words of Benjamin Franklin, "When we are directed from Washington when and where to sow, and when and where to reap, we should soon want bread."
Will global warming increase hurricane activity? Two studies published in the last week arrived at opposite conclusions. A link between warmer sea surface temperatures and increased North Atlantic hurricane activity "has been quantified for the first time," according to a study by University College London researchers that was published in Nature (Jan. 30). They claim to have associated a 0.5 degree Celsius increase in sea surface warming with a 40 percent increase in Atlantic hurricane activity during 1996-2005 as compared to the average activity during 1950-2000. "The scientists who have linked global warming to stronger storms said the study makes sense, and is, if anything, just repeating and refining what they have already said," the Associated Press reported (Jan. 30).
But the study result isn't surprising considering it was derived from a computer model that included only two variables -- sea surface temperature and atmospheric wind field -- which the researchers claim explain about 75 percent of the variance in Atlantic hurricane activity between 1965-2005. They claim to have teased out the association between sea surface temperature and hurricane activity by statistically removing the influence of wind from the model.
Sea surface temperatures and wind, however, aren't the only factors affecting hurricane activity. The model omitted at least two other known factors -- atmospheric humidity and sea level pressure -- and other more mysterious factors such as the tendency of hurricane activity to occur in cycles that are decades long.
Even though sea surface temperatures seem to have warmed, it's not at all clear that Atlantic hurricane activity has truly increased. As recently described in World Climate Report, the average hurricane activity during 1995-2005 was greater than that during 1971-1994, but the 1970s and 1980s witnessed unusually low hurricane activity. So the increased hurricane activity of 1995-2005 "thus appears to represent a recovery to normal hurricane activity, rather than a direct response to increasing sea surface temperature," according to World Climate Report.
Finally, regardless of whether warmer sea surface temperatures are associated with increased hurricane activity, the University College London researchers admitted that, "Our analysis does not identify whether greenhouse gas-induced warming contributed to the increase in water temperature and thus to the increase in hurricane activity."
Since the entire global warming debate depends on whether manmade greenhouse gas emissions drive climate change, without a link between such emissions and sea surface temperature changes, the claimed sea surface temperature-hurricane activity link is, at best, an academic point.
The other hurricane study, published in Geophysical Research Letters (Jan. 23) and not widely reported by the media, comes from climate scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
The NOAA researchers compared sea surface temperatures with hurricanes that made U.S. landfall -- the most reliable hurricane measurement over the long-term, according to the researchers. They found a slight decrease in the trend of landfalling hurricanes with warmer sea surface temperatures.
"This paper uses observational data to demonstrate that the attribution of the recent increase in Atlantic hurricane activity to global warming is premature and that global warming may decrease the likelihood of hurricanes making landfall in the United States," the researchers concluded.
As leading hurricane forecaster William Gray of Colorado State University put it, "Meteorologists who study tropical cyclones have no valid physical theory as to why hurricane frequency or intensity would necessarily be altered by small amounts (plus/minus 0.5 degrees Centigrade) of global mean temperature change."
Dr. Gray continued, "In a global warming or global cooling world, the atmosphere's upper air temperatures will warm or cool in unison with the sea surface temperatures. Vertical-lapse rates [differences between the atmospheric and sea temperatures that, when increased, tend to favor storm formation] will not be significantly altered."
In observing that there were 80 major hurricanes during 1945-1969 when the global temperature was cooling, but only 38 major hurricanes during 1970-1994 when global temperature was warming, Dr. Gray note that "Atlantic sea-surface temperatures do not necessarily follow global mean temperature trends."
Even the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) acknowledged in its most recent assessment that although average Northern Hemisphere temperatures in the last half of the 20 century were very likely higher than at any other time during the last 500 years, "There is no clear trend in the annual number of tropical cyclones [hurricanes].
And, of course, Al Gore learned this lesson the hard way. His attempt in "An Inconvenient Truth" to link manmade greenhouse gas emissions with the Hurricane Katrina tragedy was sound rejected by a British High Court judge who succinctly ruled that, "In scene 12 Hurricane Katrina and the consequent devastation in New Orleans is ascribed to global warming. It is common ground that there is insufficient evidence to show that."
As Sen. John McCain emerged from the Florida Republican primary as the Republican front runner, Politico.com observed that "After hitting it in most every appearance he made in New Hampshire and Michigan, John McCain now rarely brings up the topic of global warming." In talking to reporters after a campaign event in West Palm Beach, McCain said, "I try to bring it up in areas that I think that it is of great import to people."
Given the scientific evidence, it's quite easy to understand why Floridians might not think that alleged global warming-hurricane link is of great import.
I give you the subject header of an email that just came across our faculty/staff listserv, courtesy of the Chaplain's Office: "Christian Ash Wednesday: Why not give up carbon for Lent?" Now the idea was not literally to "give up carbon" altogether, although that would make Rand's characterization of environmentalism as "death worship" much less hyperbolic than I've always believed it to be. Rather, it was an exhortation to reduce energy usage on the margin. Still, it does serve as a reminder of what many have seen as the disturbing parallels between much of organized religion and popular forms of environmentalism. Seeing them explicitly combined in such a "logical" way makes these points even more telling:
Both are highly moralistic and use the language and strategies of "sinfulness." This also involves an implied and often explicit claim to have monopolized the moral high ground.
Both involve the idea that one must sacrifice now for some undetermined future reward. This makes the Lent connection very logical.
Both have historically been very quick to label and condemn as "heretics" those who disagree with them.
I really do believe that for many young people and for older folks on the left, environmentalism is a way of creating meaning in their very secular lives that in an earlier era would have been fulfilled by religious practice. It brings the notion of living for something larger than oneself, of sacrificing in the name of a better future, and of having a set of certain moral categories by which one can orient one's own behavior and criticize that of others. In these ways it is also a response to the relativism with which many are inculcated growing up and being educated. It also explains, I think, the increasing attractiveness to young people of neo-paganism and other forms of spirituality that are linked to nature. Seeing Lent as a time to reduce carbon usage could be seen as a very clever way of speaking to young lapsed or non-practicing Catholics in the same sort of language.
And to head off a certain line of criticism, my point is not to condemn every form of concern about the environment, nor to suggest that such concerns are incompatible with reason or libertarianism. I think there are interesting and important parallels and interactions between the spontaneous order of nature and that of society that need to be taken seriously by libertarians. However, that perspective is not the one taken in the general public's environmentalism.
It is a challenge for those of us who are skeptical of both organized religion's and environmentalism's claims to being universal moralities that should inform public policy (as opposed to something one practices as a private morality) to find a way to offer people a set of meaningful and universalizable values that are more consistently congenial to classical liberalism. If we cannot offer our own way of filling that gap, it will continue to be filled for us by movements that are not so friendly to liberty and progress.
Back in 1991, before Al Gore first shouted that the Earth was in the balance, the Danish Meteorological Institute released a study using data that went back centuries that showed that global temperatures closely tracked solar cycles. To many, those data were convincing. Now, Canadian scientists are seeking additional funding for more and better "eyes" with which to observe our sun, which has a bigger impact on Earth's climate than all the tailpipes and smokestacks on our planet combined. And they're worried about global cooling, not warming.
Kenneth Tapping, a solar researcher and project director for Canada's National Research Council, is among those looking at the sun for evidence of an increase in sunspot activity. Solar activity fluctuates in an 11-year cycle. But so far in this cycle, the sun has been disturbingly quiet. The lack of increased activity could signal the beginning of what is known as a Maunder Minimum, an event which occurs every couple of centuries and can last as long as a century. Such an event occurred in the 17th century. The observation of sunspots showed extraordinarily low levels of magnetism on the sun, with little or no 11-year cycle.
This solar hibernation corresponded with a period of bitter cold that began around 1650 and lasted, with intermittent spikes of warming, until 1715. Frigid winters and cold summers during that period led to massive crop failures, famine and death in Northern Europe.
Tapping reports no change in the sun's magnetic field so far this cycle and warns that if the sun remains quiet for another year or two, it may indicate a repeat of that period of drastic cooling of the Earth, bringing massive snowfall and severe weather to the Northern Hemisphere. Tapping oversees the operation of a 60-year-old radio telescope that he calls a "stethoscope for the sun." But he and his colleagues need better equipment. In Canada, where radio-telescopic monitoring of the sun has been conducted since the end of World War II, a new instrument, the next-generation solar flux monitor, could measure the sun's emissions more rapidly and accurately.
As we have noted many times, perhaps the biggest impact on the Earth's climate over time has been the sun. For instance, researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Solar Research in Germany report the sun has been burning more brightly over the last 60 years, accounting for the 1 degree Celsius increase in Earth's temperature over the last 100 years.
R. Timothy Patterson, professor of geology and director of the Ottawa-Carleton Geoscience Center of Canada's Carleton University, says that "CO2 variations show little correlation with our planet's climate on long, medium and even short time scales." Rather, he says, "I and the first-class scientists I work with are consistently finding excellent correlations between the regular fluctuations of the sun and earthly climate. This is not surprising. The sun and the stars are the ultimate source of energy on this planet."
Patterson, sharing Tapping's concern, says: "Solar scientists predict that, by 2020, the sun will be starting into its weakest Schwabe cycle of the past two centuries, likely leading to unusually cool conditions on Earth." "Solar activity has overpowered any effect that CO2 has had before, and it most likely will again," Patterson says. "If we were to have even a medium-sized solar minimum, we could be looking at a lot more bad effects than 'global warming' would have had."
In 2005, Russian astronomer Khabibullo Abdusamatov made some waves - and not a few enemies in the global warming "community" - by predicting that the sun would reach a peak of activity about three years from now, to be accompanied by "dramatic changes" in temperatures.
A Hoover Institution Study a few years back examined historical data and came to a similar conclusion. "The effects of solar activity and volcanoes are impossible to miss. Temperatures fluctuated exactly as expected, and the pattern was so clear that, statistically, the odds of the correlation existing by chance were one in 100," according to Hoover fellow Bruce Berkowitz. The study says that "try as we might, we simply could not find any relationship between industrial activity, energy consumption and changes in global temperatures."
The study concludes that if you shut down all the world's power plants and factories, "there would not be much effect on temperatures." But if the sun shuts down, we've got a problem. It is the sun, not the Earth, that's hanging in the balance.
The widespread use of ethanol from corn could result in nearly twice the greenhouse gas emissions as the gasoline it would replace because of expected land-use changes, researchers concluded Thursday. The study challenges the rush to biofuels as a response to global warming. The researchers said that past studies showing the benefits of ethanol in combating climate change have not taken into account almost certain changes in land use worldwide if ethanol from corn - and in the future from other feedstocks such as switchgrass - become a prized commodity. "Using good cropland to expand biofuels will probably exacerbate global warming," concludes the study published in Science magazine.
The researchers said that farmers under economic pressure to produce biofuels will increasingly "plow up more forest or grasslands," releasing much of the carbon formerly stored in plants and soils through decomposition or fires. Globally, more grasslands and forests will be converted to growing the crops to replace the loss of grains when U.S. farmers convert land to biofuels, the study said.
The Renewable Fuels Association, which represents ethanol producers, called the researchers' view of land-use changes "simplistic" and said the study "fails to put the issue in context." "Assigning the blame for rainforest deforestation and grassland conversion to agriculture solely on the renewable fuels industry ignores key factors that play a greater role," said Bob Dinneen, the association's president.
There has been a rush to developing biofuels, especially ethanol from corn and cellulosic feedstock such as switchgrass and wood chips, as a substitute for gasoline. President Bush signed energy legislation in December that mandates a six-fold increase in ethanol use as a fuel to 36 billion gallons a year by 2022, calling the requirement key to weaning the nation from imported oil.
The new "green" fuel, whether made from corn or other feedstocks, has been widely promoted - both in Congress and by the White House - as a key to combating global warming. Burning it produces less carbon dioxide, the leading greenhouse gas, than the fossil fuels it will replace. During the recent congressional debate over energy legislation, lawmakers frequently cited estimates that corn-based ethanol produces 20 percent less greenhouse gases in production, transportation and use than gasoline, and that cellulosic ethanol has an even greater benefit of 70 percent less emissions.
The study released Thursday by researchers affiliated with Princeton University and a number of other institutions maintains that these analyses "were one-sided" and counted the carbon benefits of using land for biofuels but not the carbon costs of diverting land from its existing uses. "The other studies missed a key factor that everyone agrees should have been included, the land use changes that actually are going to increase greenhouse gas emissions," said Tim Searchinger, a research scholar at Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and lead author of the study.
The study said that after taking into account expected worldwide land-use changes, corn-based ethanol, instead of reducing greenhouse gases by 20 percent, will increases it by 93 percent compared to using gasoline over a 30-year period. Biofuels from switchgrass, if they replace croplands and other carbon-absorbing lands, would result in 50 percent more greenhouse gas emissions, the researchers concluded.
Not all ethanol would be affected by the land-use changes, the study said. "We should be focusing on our use of biofuels from waste products" such as garbage, which would not result in changes in agricultural land use, Searchinger said in an interview. "And you have to be careful how much you require. Use the right biofuels, but don't require too much too fast. Right now we're making almost exclusively the wrong biofuels."
Our charter to report on clean technology and the status of species and ecosystems seems to always bring us back to one overriding distraction - global warming alarm - and small wonder. We are in the midst of one of the most dramatic transformations of political economy in the history of the world - and nobody is watching. "The debate is over on global warming," goes the consensus, and even if that were a healthy or accurate notion, why has this consensus translated into hardly any vigorous debate over what would be a rational response?
Despite ongoing rhetoric to the contrary from virtually every environmental nonprofit in existance, the United States has been an extraordinarily responsible nation. We listened to our environmental movement; we institutionalized it. On every front there has been huge progress over the past 30-40 years. Our air and water are orders of magnitude cleaner even though our population has doubled. Our landfills our ultra-safe. We have set aside vast tracts of wilderness, rescued countless endangered species. Our food supply is scrupulously monitored. And every year our technology and our prosperity delivers new options to eliminate more pollution and live healthier lives. So what happened?
In the rest of the world there is also reason for great optimism, despite some discouraging challenges that continue to grip humanity. But human population is voluntarily leveling off, so that within 25-30 years the number of people on planet earth will peak at around 8.5 billion - and every time the projection is revisited, that estimate drops. At an even faster pace, humanity is urbanizing - and this voluntary movement is taking people out of the vast and potentially endangered forests and other biomes faster than population increase replaces them. Land is becoming abundant again. So what's wrong?
Technology promises abundant energy within a few decades, using clean fossil fuel as we systematically replace it with solar, nuclear, run-of-river hydroelectric, enhanced geothermal, wind, possibly biofuel. Technology promises abundant water within a few decades, as we learn how to recycle every drop of water used in the urban environment, convert many crops to drip irrigation, and develop massive desalination capacity. So why don't we get to work?
The reason is because of global warming alarm. The bells of warning are ringing so loud that CO2 is all that matters anymore. Want to stop using petroleum? Then burn the rainforests for biofuel. Want to stop using coal? Then forget about installing affordable scrubbers to remove the soot that billows from coal fired power plants across burgeoning Asia - why clean up something that needs to be shut down? Want to save allegedly scarce open space? Then cram everyone into ultra-high density "infill" and destroy every semi rural neighborhood in the western world. Make housing unaffordable, then mandate taxpayer-subsidized affordable housing. And do it all in the name of reducing CO2 emissions.
Today, after reading two documents from the website of the Attorney General of California, "Mitigation Measures," and "Global Warming Contrarians and the Falsehoods they Promote," I became so alarmed at what we are willingly, blindly bringing upon ourselves because of all this CO2 alarm that I contacted Dr. Richard Lindzen, who has already contributed two lengthy articles to EcoWorld, "Current Behavior of Global Mean Surface Temperature," and "Is There a Basis for Global Warming Alarm?" I asked Dr. Lindzen if he still held the views he does. He replied emphatically in the affirmative, and sent me the article that follows. Dr. Lindzen, along with Dr. Roger Pielke, Sr., with whom EcoWorld recently published the exclusive "Interview with Dr. Roger Pielke, Sr.," are both internationally respected atmospheric scientists. And both of them, in somewhat different ways, are quite concerned about the overemphasis on CO2.
Anyone who is championing extreme measures to reduce anthropogenic CO2 should attempt for themselves to understand the science. As Dr. Lindzen wrote me earlier today, policymakers such as Jerry Brown and Arnold Schwarzenegger "can be excused given the degree to which the environmental movement has taken over the professional societies."
"Science" has become the trump card that drowns out reason - what great irony. And the scientific establishment itself has become politicized. And if you read the mitigation measures being proposed, just imagine if there was nothing we could do to affect global warming - which even some of the lead authors of the IPCC studies themselves acknowlege - and see if you want to live in the brave new world we are leading ourselves into by our own gullible noses.
Dramatic and positive global economic and technological developments, along with voluntary and irreversible global demographic trends, are about to deliver us a future where we enjoy unprecedented environmental health, abundance and prosperity. But to do this we need to preserve our economic and personal freedoms. Will the measures being proposed - especially in trendsetting California - fruitlessly combat a problem that doesn't exist, crush economic growth and trample on individual freedom, and rob humanity of this hopeful destiny?
The notion of a static, unchanging climate is foreign to the history of the earth or any other planet with a fluid envelope. The fact that the developed world went into hysterics over changes in global mean temperature of a few tenths of a degree will astound future generations.
Such hysteria simply represents the scientific illiteracy of much of the public, the susceptibility of the public to the Goebbelian substitution of repetition for truth, and the exploitation of these weaknesses by politicians, environmental promoters, and, after 20 years of media drum beating, many others as well.
Climate is always changing. We have had ice ages and warmer periods when alligators were found in Spitzbergen. Ice ages have occurred in a hundred thousand year cycle for the last 700 thousand years, and previous warm periods appear to have been warmer than the present despite CO2 levels being lower than they are now. More recently, we have had the medieval warm period and the little ice age. During the latter, alpine glaciers advanced to the chagrin of overrun villages.
Since the beginning of the 19th Century these glaciers have been retreating. Frankly, we don't fully understand either the advance or the retreat. For small changes in climate associated with tenths of a degree, there is no need for any external cause. The earth is never exactly in equilibrium. The motions of the massive oceans where heat is moved between deep layers and the surface provides variability on time scales from years to centuries. Recent work (Tsonis et al, 2007), suggests that this variability is enough to account for all climate change since the 19th Century. Supporting the notion that man has not been the cause of this unexceptional change in temperature is the fact that there is a distinct signature to greenhouse warming: surface warming should be accompanied by warming in the tropics around an altitude of about 9km that is about 2.5 times greater than at the surface.
Measurements show that warming at these levels is only about 3/4 of what is seen at the surface, implying that only about a third of the surface warming is associated with the greenhouse effect, and, quite possibly, not all of even this really small warming is due to man. This further implies that all models predicting significant warming are greatly overestimating warming. This should not be surprising. According to the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the greenhouse forcing from man made greenhouse gases is already about 86 % of what one expects from a doubling of CO2 (with about half coming from methane, nitrous oxide, freons and ozone), and alarming predictions depend on models for which the sensitivity to a doubling for CO2 is greater than 2C which implies that we should already have seen much more warming than we have seen thus far, even if all the warming we have seen so far were due to man.
This contradiction is rendered more acute by the fact that there has been no significant global warming for the last ten years. Modelers defend this situation by arguing that aerosols have cancelled much of the warming, and that models adequately account for natural unforced internal variability. However, a recent paper (Ramanathan, 2007) points out that aerosols can warm as well as cool, while scientists at the UK's Hadley Centre for Climate Research recently noted that their model did not appropriately deal with natural internal variability thus demolishing the basis for the IPCC's iconic attribution. Interestingly (though not unexpectedly), the British paper did not stress this. Rather, they speculated that natural internal variability might step aside in 2009, allowing warming to resume. Resume? Thus, the fact that warming has ceased for the past decade is acknowledged.
Given that the evidence (and I have noted only a few of many pieces of evidence) strongly suggests that anthropogenic warming has been greatly exaggerated, the basis for alarm due to such warming is similarly diminished.
However, the really important point is that the case for alarm would still be weak even if anthropogenic global warming were significant. Polar bears, arctic summer sea ice, regional droughts and floods, coral bleaching, hurricanes, alpine glaciers, malaria, etc. etc. all depend not on some global average of surface temperature, but on a huge number of regional variables including temperature, humidity, cloud cover, precipitation, and direction and magnitude of wind.
The state of the ocean is also often crucial. Our ability to forecast any of these over periods beyond a few days is minimal. Yet, each catastrophic forecast depends on each of these being in a specific range. The odds of any specific catastrophe actually occurring is almost zero. This was equally true for earlier forecasts: famine for the 1980's, global cooling in the 1970's, Y2K and many others. Regionally, year to year fluctuations in temperature are over four times larger than fluctuations in the global mean. Much of this variation has to be independent of the global mean; otherwise the global mean would vary much more.
This is simply to note that factors other than global warming are more important to any specific situation. This is not to say that disasters will not occur; they always have occurred and this will not change in the future. Fighting global warming with symbolic gestures will certainly not change this. However, history tells us that greater wealth and development can profoundly increase our resilience.
Given the above, one may reasonably ask why there is the current alarm, and, in particular, why the astounding upsurge in alarmism of the past 2 years. When an issue like global warming is around for over twenty years, numerous agendas are developed to exploit the issue.
The interests of the environmental movement in acquiring more power and influence are reasonably clear. So too are the interests of bureaucrats for whom control of CO2 is a dream-come-true.
After all, CO2 is a product of breathing itself. Politicians can see the possibility of taxation that will be cheerfully accepted because it is necessary for saving the world. Nations have seen how to exploit this issue in order to gain competitive advantages. But, by now, things have gone much further.
The case of ENRON is illustrative in this respect. Before disintegrating in a pyrotechnic display of unscrupulous manipulation, ENRON had been one of the most intense lobbyists for Kyoto. It had hoped to become a trading firm dealing in carbon emission rights. This was no small hope. These rights are likely to amount to over a trillion dollars, and the commissions will run into many billions. Hedge funds are actively examining the possibilities. It is probably no accident that Gore, himself, is associated with such activities . The sale of indulgences is already in full swing with organizations selling offsets to one's carbon footprint while sometimes acknowledging that the offsets are irrelevant.
The possibilities for corruption are immense. Archer Daniels Midland (America's largest agribusiness) has successfully lobbied for ethanol requirements for gasoline, and the resulting demand for ethanol is already leading to large increases in corn prices and associated hardship in the developing world (not to mention poorer car performance).
And finally, there are the numerous well meaning individuals who have allowed propagandists to convince them that in accepting the alarmist view of anthropogenic climate change, they are displaying intelligence and virtue For them, their psychic welfare is at stake.
With all this at stake, one can readily suspect that there might be a sense of urgency provoked by the possibility that warming may have ceased. For those committed to the more venal agendas, the need to act soon, before the public appreciates the situation, is real indeed.
Because of politics in Salem, Oregon State University has been put in an embarrassing position. It has to create a new climate research center wanted by the legislature and hire someone to run it without appearing to muzzle George Taylor, the longtime state climatologist whose views on climate change are not exactly politically correct.
The university tried to wiggle out of the dilemma by praising Taylor's work for Oregon farmers, ranchers and others but then declaring that he and the new director will "share the duties usually assumed by the state climatologist, although neither will formally hold that title ... . The institute director will lead the research function of a state climatologist and represent Oregon at relevant conferences; Taylor will provide the supporting mapping and data services.
"This might have been the best that OSU could do in the face of House Bill 3543, which establishes the climate research center. But it still sounds like an unkind and undeserved way to treat a man who has done outstanding and reliable work for Oregon for nearly two decades.
As it turns out, the "title" of state climatologist may not be for the state to bestow or remove unilaterally. It was created in a memorandum of understanding between Oregon and the National Weather Service, and it devolves on whoever heads the Oregon Climate Service, which Taylor manages.
You can blame the legislature for this muddle. The governor and other Democrats wanted to sideline Taylor for not wholeheartedly going along with the prevailing theory of man-caused global warming, but evidently they didn't want to be seen doing so.
Their bill created a new research center on climate change, but it did not repeal or amend the 1991 law that put the Oregon Climate Center at OSU in state law and tasked it with essentially the same functions now also assigned to the new center. So our elected leaders stuck OSU with the job of hiring someone's replacement without getting rid of the incumbent, an awkward job indeed.
Global warming may not be entirely to blame for the collapse of an Antarctic ice shelf in 2002, according to research published today. The 10,000-year-old Larsen B ice shelf was initially believed to be a victim of climate change. But a paper published in the Journal of Glaciology claims the shelf had been teetering on collapse for decades.
Professor Neil Glasser, of Aberystwyth University, the paper's lead author, said cracks and fault lines in the ice had significantly weakened the structure. "Ice shelf collapse is not as simple as we first thought," he said. "Because large amounts of meltwater appeared on the ice shelf just before it collapsed, we had always assumed that air temperature increases were to blame. "But our new study shows that ice shelf break-up is not controlled simply by climate.
"A number of other atmospheric, oceanic and glaciological factors are involved. For example, the location and spacing of fractures on the ice shelf such as crevasses and rifts are very important too because they determine how strong or weak the ice shelf is."
Prof Glasser said: "Ice shelves themselves do not contribute directly to sea level rise because they are floating on the ocean and they already displace the same volume of water. "But when the ice shelves collapse the glaciers that feed them speed up and get thinner, so they supply more ice to the oceans."
Prof Glasser, working as a Fulbright Scholar in the US, acknowledged that global warming had a major part to play in the collapse, but stressed that it was only one in a number of contributory factors. He said that despite the dramatic nature of the break-up in 2002, both observations by glaciologists and research by Nasa scientists had pointed to an ice shelf in distress for decades previously. "It's likely that melting from higher ocean temperatures, or even a gradual decline in the ice mass of the Peninsula over the centuries, was pushing the Larsen to the brink," said co-author Ted Scambos, of the University of Colorado's National Snow and Ice Data Centre.
Without sufficient platinum, it is not possible to produce automobiles, trucks, and diesel engines that can be sold in North America, Europe, Japan, and much of the rest of the world. The catalytic converters required by environmental laws do not work without it. And right now, we are on a clear track to running short of the platinum needed to maintain, let alone increase, the production of gasoline and diesel engines.
The problem is the chronic electricity shortages in South Africa. All of the greenhouse gases produced last month by the conferees in Davos did not result in this problem being "addressed", as their organisers would put it. Now the only way to maintain existing clean air standards in the developed world is to build and operate, as rapidly as possible, a series of new coal-fired power stations to supply the country's mines and refineries.
That won't happen until 2012 at the earliest. In the meantime, the already absurdly high platinum price (up more than 40 per cent from a year ago), probably has to rise even higher to squeeze demand out of less critical applications such as jewellery. You can expect some fallback in the current price as you read headlines about South African mines and refineries restarting, reassurances from government ministers and electricity supremos, and so on. That correction won't last, at least in the absence of a collapse of auto and diesel production. For one thing, the very speculators who will help with this price-rationing process will set aside more stocks with which to trade, which will also reduce usable supply.
Substitutions? More efficient use? Already thought of that. Platinum has been very expensive for a long time, which is why they name credit cards after it. Engineers have been making incremental reductions in platinum content for years, and they will continue to do so. Slowly. The stuff is just too useful as a catalyst, which means it helps promote a chemical reaction, such as breaking down pollutants, without itself being consumed in the process.
South Africa's mines and refineries supply nearly 80 per cent of world production. In the rest of the world, for the most part, platinum is supplied as a by-product of mines principally supplying nickel, palladium, and other metals. That makes it hard to increase alternative supplies, even if the mining engineers and skilled workers were available, which they aren't.
How did South Africa, and the platinum industry, wind up in this mess? Apart from what could be easily mistaken for pure ineptitude on the part of the responsible ministries and the management of Eskom (the electricity utility), the country made a huge bet on the rapid development of hydroelectric resources in neighbouring countries. The state was strongly encouraged to do so by its political supporters among international organisations and foreign governments, since the alternative, coal-fired power, was not environmentally acceptable. The hydroelectric developments, principally around Inga Falls on the Congo River, would have been ambitious even if the political stability and engineering skills existed.
So it's back to the drawing board, and on the drawing boards are going to be a series of coal stations. Power rationing plans have been devised, which now call for a reduction of 10 per cent in electricity use by key industrial customers.
That's worse than it sounds, by the way. You don't make up for cutbacks on that scale in a metals operation by using compact fluorescent bulbs. In the short term, at least, power cutbacks will lead to disproportionate cutbacks in metals production. The very deep mines need to be constantly pumped, cooled, and maintained, lest they flood or collapse. So it is likely that ore will be piled up next to the refineries. The ore can only be used as doorstops or paperweights; to get platinum products you need the refineries.
Michael Jones, the president of Platinum Group Metals, which is building two new platinum projects in South Africa, says: "We can use diesel generation for mining our relatively shallow ounces [of reserves]. As a practical matter you cannot do that with smelting. This [power crisis] will obviously have an enormous impact both in gold and platinum. There is a new engineering factor which has to be taken into account, which is megawatts [of power] per ounce."
Our Canadian newspapers a day or two ago featured a photo of the central ice cap on Baffin Island, showing that it had shrunk significantly in the last few years. Carbon dating of plant and fungal material collected from newly exposed rock showed that the previous vegetation had lived some hundreds of years ago.
The news deduced from this was that the melting ice cap showed that huge warming is in progress. Automatically that was interpreted as a menace to polar bears, Inuit people, and civilization itself. Unmentioned was the obvious conclusion to be drawn: that the former warm climate had not eliminated either the polar bears or humanity. Same evidence: opposite conclusions!
Alaska: Interior deep-freeze approaches minus 70. Yes. I do know that Alaska is only partly within the arctic circle
Even for Alaska's Interior, this is cold.The National Weather Service reports the coldest spot in the state Wednesday morning was minus 67 at O'Brien Creek, a spot on the Taylor Highway nearly 200 miles east of Fairbanks. There was also an unofficial reading of minus 70 in Tok, but residents were treating it as just another winter day. "We're generally close to this temperature at this time of the year," said Sgt. Freddie Wells of the Alaska State Troopers post in Tok.
But troopers are placing a priority on responding to calls from stranded motorists, and there is heightened concern for the community's older residents. Otherwise, Wells says, it seems people are staying inside more.
Readings of minus 50 to minus 60 were common throughout the Interior overnight, including minus 65 at Chicken, a tiny community on the Taylor Highway east of Fairbanks. Chicken also holds the distinction of having the last official temperature in the state of minus 70 or colder - 72 below on Jan. 1, 2000. The state's second-largest city also wasn't immune from the cold. The noontime high Wednesday in Fairbanks was minus 45.
There doesn't appear to be any warming in immediate sight; the Weather Service says the extreme cold should stick around until early next week.
Source Note also that Kashmir is now another of the many places in Asia that have recently received record snowfalls.
Every day, scientists hoping to see an increase in solar activity train their instruments at the sun as it crosses the sky. This is no idle academic pursuit: A lull in solar action could potentially drive the planet's temperature down, or even prompt a mini Ice Age.
For millennia, thermonuclear forces inside the star have followed a regular rhythm, causing its magnetic field to peak and ebb, on average, every 11 years. Space weathermen are watching for telltale increases in sunspots, which would signal the start of a new cycle, predicted to have started last March and expected to peak in 2012. "When the sun's active, it's a little bit brighter," explains Ken Tapping, a solar researcher and project director for Canada's National Research Council.
So far, Tapping reports no change in the magnetic field strength, as measured by radio telescopes. On the more positive side, last month NASA reported a small, earth-sized sunspot with a magnetic field pointing in the opposite direction from those in the previous cycle; qualities that designate the spot as a signal of a new upturn in activity. At the solar maximum, scientists expect to see between 75 and 150 such sunspots per day.
Tapping oversees the operation of a 60-year-old radio telescope that he calls a "stethoscope for the sun." Recent magnetic field readings are as low as he's ever seen, he says, and he's worked with the instrument for more than 25 years. If the sun remains this quiet for another a year or two, it may indicate the star has entered a downturn that, if history is any precedent, could trigger a planetary cold spell that could bring massive snowfall and severe weather to the Northern Hemisphere.
The last such solar funk corresponded with a period of bitter cold that began around 1650 and lasted, with intermittent spikes of warming, until 1715. While there were competing causes for the climatic shift-including the Black Death's depopulation of tree-cutting Europeans and, more substantially, increased volcanic activity spewing ash into the atmosphere-the sun's lethargy likely had something to do with it.
Just how much influence the sun has on global temperatures has been the subject of sometimes acrimonious debate. While an upswing in solar activity may cause a warming trend, it was discounted in the mid-1990s as the sole driver of current climate change. And for anyone hoping that a solar downswing might bail us out of our current dilemma: Solar influence on climate is slight compared to the impact of man-made greenhouse gases, a National Academy of Sciences report concluded in 1995.
The planet's climate is a messy picture, with all sorts of influences and feedback cycles that need to be taken into account. In order to build more accurate computer models, scientists need to understand both anthropogenic factors and the link between the sun and our planet, Tapping says. To help get at the sun's influence, he and other researchers connect Earth's temperature with historic sunspot records of sky watchers from Europe and China, as well as with carbon-14 isotopes--residue from cosmic rays delivered by the sun's magnetic field-found in tree rings. To understand our role in climate change," he says, "we need to understand the natural process."
The European Union is aiming too high with proposals to make all airlines flying into and out of the bloc buy pollution permits and risks a backlash from other countries, the chief executive of British Airways said. Under plans being drawn up in Brussels to fight climate change, airlines using EU airports would be included in the EU's Emissions Trading Scheme from 2012, with a cap on their emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming. Airlines would gradually have to buy emissions certificates at auction, starting with 20 per cent of permits in 2013 and rising to 100 per cent in 2020.
From three per cent of mankind's total contribution to global warming in 2005, aviation's emissions are set to rise by a factor of two to five by 2050, the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) said in a report last year. "What we're saying is by all means be ambitious but don't put the whole system at risk by trying to impose it on other nations at a completely different point in their whole thinking on climate change," BA Chief Executive Willie Walsh said. Walsh said emissions trading within the EU is the best way for the bloc's aviation industry to respond to climate change but extending it further risks undermining the scheme.
The United States and many other countries are deeply opposed to the plan by Brussels, arguing that the move would illegally extend EU jurisdiction outside European territory. "I think to go in and say here's the solution, we're applying it everywhere, you must do what we tell you... You're going to get a backlash," he told Reuters in an interview. "The warning signals are loud and clear."
European airlines could be at risk of retaliation in the form of restricted access to third countries or punitive taxes and non-European airlines might shun the region as a hub for long-haul flights, Walsh said. "We need to be careful that we don't encourage air transport to move away from Europe and move into other hub airports like the Middle East where Dubai is perfect example," he said.
The European Parliament and the council of member states approved a plan late last year for all airlines flying in and out of the EU to join the ETS early in the next decade. The plan has yet to be put to a second vote in the European Parliament, giving airlines such as British Airways a chance to lobby for changes to the final text. Walsh was in Brussels for a series of meeting with EU officials.
Europe is facing an energy crisis because of green-influenced legislation and regulation, and difficulty in obtaining planning approval for key projects, energy companies warned yesterday. Europe needs to spend 2 trillion euros on upgrading power networks in the next 25 years but leading energy companies have cancelled investments in new power plants worth billions of euros because of increased regulatory uncertainty, a senior executive claimed yesterday. Johannes Teyssen, chief operating officer at E.ON, Germany's biggest energy group, blamed the European commission's plans to make companies pay for all their pollution permits from 2013, huge delays in approving planning applications and confusion among national regulators for the cancellations.
Teyssen, vice-chairman of the World Energy Council (WEC) Europe, said: "We see now every week a new investment project being cancelled across the EU." He cited at least four multibillion-euro projects to build power plants in Germany and said thousands of kilometres of new power lines were "lying on the table" because of planning delays.
The pan-European industry lobby, Eurelectric, says the EU will need about 520 gigawatts (GW) of new capacity by 2030. But the WEC, in a report handed to the commission yesterday, said investments had slowed in recent years and Europe was now twice as vulnerable to external shocks as it was in the 1960s. It would be 70% dependent on imports by 2030 without a change in policy.
Teyssen said the commission's plans to scrap free emission permits and move to a full auction system would further blight investment decisions. He also said it took longer to approve planning applications than to build a nuclear power station. "I hardly know of any EU nation where it's easy to build a high-voltage transmission line or new gas pipeline."
Centrica, owners of British Gas, said delays in planning applications were holding up projects for onshore wind farms and new gas-storage facilities. But, officials said, the group backed commission plans to auction pollution permits, creating greater regulatory clarity and offering incentives to invest in new low-carbon or carbon-free plants.
Teyssen urged the EU to avoid putting all its eggs into the renewables basket, arguing that they could cause more harm than good if national and cross-border grids were incapable of meeting the growth in their use. "You need a broader picture; you can't just say green is good," he said.
However, the British government rejected the suggestion and said its energy market was the most competitive and liberalised in the EU and G7, encouraging investment from firms such as E.ON. John Hutton, the business secretary, said: "We are legislating to speed up the planning system and to put in place incentives for energy companies to bring forward the investment we need. This will mean a dramatic expansion in renewables, new investment in nuclear power and technologies to clean up how we use fossil fuels."
Companies are also resisting the commission's drive to open the EU energy market to more competition, saying that uncertainty put them off investing in new projects. Eight countries, led by France and Germany, have attacked the central pillar of the commission's liberalisation package. This involves forcing the big continental players to "unbundle", or sell their gas and electricity transmission networks/pipelines to independent operators and allow new players to enter a more competitive market.
The eight, backed by big groups such as E.ON, France's EDF and GDF, and Italy's Eni, have formed a "blocking minority" within the council of ministers. They are proposing instead, in a letter to the EU energy commissioner Andris Piebalgs and MEPs, that national regulators draw up 10-year investment plans that the companies would be obliged to follow.
In the letter, seen by the Guardian, they say the "unbundling" plans are unconstitutional and inappropriate to "guarantee an adequate level of investment in the networks and foster the integration of our national networks". The Piebalgs plan faces growing internal opposition within the commission itself, with one senior official saying that it would break up big companies capable of competing in global markets and force the EU to be more dependent on huge foreign players.
BRITISH GOVERNMENT (formerly known as "world leaders" in climate change policy) REVIVES COAL INDUSTRY
Coal power generation is crucial for the growth of the British economy, Energy Minister Malcolm Wicks said on Wednesday. But he said the government could not yet release a specific policy document on coal-fired electricity. "We can't afford to forget coal which contributes about 35 percent of UK power and has an important part to play in UK power policy," Wicks said.
The fuel source is controversial because it produces more of the planet-warming gas carbon dioxide than any other power source. Protesters from environmental group Greenpeace interrupted Wicks as he addressed a coal conference at the Lord's cricket ground in London. "Coal power stations are out-of-date climate-wreckers," the group said in a statement.
The state-of-the-art British-sponsored fasttrack assessment of the global impacts of climate change, a major input to the much-heralded Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change, indicates that through the year 2100, the contribution of climate change to human health and environmental threats will generally be overshadowed by factors not related to climate change. Hence, climate change is unlikely to be the world's most important environmental problem of the 21st century.
Analysis using both the Stern Review and the fast-track assessment reveals that notwithstanding climate change, for the foreseeable future, human and environmental well-being will be highest under the "richest-but-warmest" scenario and lower for the poorer (lower-carbon) scenarios. The developing world's future wellbeing should exceed present levels by several-fold under each scenario, even exceeding present wellbeing in today's developed world under all but the poorest scenario. Accordingly, equity-based arguments, which hold that present generations should divert scarce resources from today's urgent problems to solve potential problems of tomorrow's wealthier generations, are unpersuasive.
Halting climate change would reduce cumulative mortality from various climate-sensitive threats, namely, hunger, malaria, and coastal flooding, by 4-10 percent in 2085, while increasing populations at risk from water stress and possibly worsening matters for biodiversity. But according to cost information from the UN Millennium Program and the IPCC, measures focused specifically on reducing vulnerability to these threats would reduce cumulative mortality from these risks by 50-75 percent at a fraction of the cost of reducing greenhouse gases (GHGs). Simultaneously, such measures would reduce major hurdles to the developing world's sustainable economic development, the lack of which is why it is most vulnerable to climate change.
The world can best combat climate change and advance well-being, particularly of the world's most vulnerable populations, by reducing present-day vulnerabilities to climate-sensitive problems that could be exacerbated by climate change rather than through overly aggressive GHG reductions.
See new graph of global deltaT for the past year below. There has been a global drop in temperature of 0.63 degrees Centigrade in the past 12 months. Of course we already have had a heads up from all the wire reports around the world talking about the significant winter weather events that have occurred worldwide in the last month, but until now, there hasn’t been a measure of how the planet was doing for the winter of 2007/2008.
Remote Sensing Systems of Santa Rosa just posted the latest MSU (Microwave Sounder Unit) data. January posted a -.08øC near global anomaly between -70S and 82.5N latitude (the viewshed of the satellite sounder). That makes it the coldest month since January 2000, and the 2nd coldest January for the planet in 15 years. Both northern and southern hemispheres posted negative anomalies of -.120øC and -.038øC respectively, happening for the first time since January 2000. The United States posted a -.557øC anomaly for January 2008 and a -0.196øC anomaly for December 2007.
Here is my plot of the raw, unedited Global anomaly data (-70S to 82.5N) supplied by RSS per month. Note that the anomaly trend between late 2007 and early 2008 is quite steep and that the period leading up to 2008 is relatively flat.
I decided to plot a magnified graph to show the global change in temperature over the last year from January 2007 to January 2008, the deltaT of -0.629øC is quite significant for a 12 month period, rivaled in the last 10 years only by the 1998 El Nino warming peak.
Probable cause- [Una] Nina muy grande. It looks like we may have a PDO shift as well. But as some say, trying to correlate such things is a “fools errand”. But, judge for yourself.
By Dr. Syun-Ichi Akasofu (Dr. Syun-Ichi Akasofu was the founding director of the International Arctic Research Center of the University of Alaska Fairbanks from its establishment in 1998 until January of 2007. He has been professor of geophysics since 1964 and has published more than 550 professional journal articles. In 2002, he was named one of the "1000 Most Cited Scientists.")
A roughly linear global temperature increase of about 0.5øC per 100 years seems to have occurred from about 1800, or even much earlier, to the present. This value may be compared with what the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) scientists consider to be the manmade greenhouse effect of 0.6øC per 100 years. This long-lasting linear warming trend is likely to be a natural change.
One possible cause of the linear increase may be Earth's continuing recovery from the Little Ice Age. This trend (0.5øC/100 years) should be subtracted from the temperature data during the last 100 years when estimating the manmade contribution to the present global warming trend. Thus, there is a possibility that only a fraction of the present warming trend is attributable to the greenhouse effect resulting from human activities. This conclusion is contrary to the 2007 IPCC Report (p.10), which states that "most" of the present warming is due to the manmade greenhouse effect.
There is an urgent need to correctly identify natural changes and remove them from the present global warming trend in order to accurately identify the contribution of the manmade greenhouse effect. One certain way to learn about natural changes is to examine climate change before the greenhouse effect of human-produced carbon dioxide (CO2) became significant.
Unfortunately, I have found that the recent great interest by the public in climatology is largely the result of a proliferating number of confusing stories in the media that are based on misinterpreted information about the greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide. Many people bring up the misunderstood issues when I discuss the present warming trend. The confused people even include some policy-makers and government officials.
For example, the mass media use scenes of large blocks of ice falling off the terminus of a glacier and of the spring break-up in the Arctic as supposedly due to the manmade greenhouse effect. Glaciers are "rivers of ice," so that calving is natural, and spring break-up is a normal, annual event; both have been going on from the geological time. A number of glaciers in Alaska, Greenland, Himalaya, and the European Alps, which have accurate historic records, began to recede well before 1900 or even 1800. The recession is something that has not begun abruptly in recent years.
Another example is that the mass media report that collapsing houses built on permafrost (frozen ground) are the result of the manmade greenhouse effect. Their collapse is due to improper construction that allows the house heat to melt the permafrost underneath the structure. Reporters who are not familiar with arctic phenomena tend to report such normal occurences as anomalous.
The so-called "hockey stick" figure in the 2001 "Summary Report for Policy Makers" is still a matter of scientific debate and it was not appropriate to use it. (It shows a sudden increase of temperature around 1900 after a slow decrease for 900 years, giving the impression of "abrupt climate change.") The public is greatly alarmed and thus concerned about climate change largely because of such misinformation and misunderstanding.
I am concerned about the inevitable backlash against science and scientists, when the public eventually learns the correct information about climate change. Even if the IPCC is not directly responsible for the present confusion, they should take the necessary responsible action to help rectify the confusion. I request that the IPCC make an appropriate statement in this regard before the next G8 meeting in May 2008.
Suppose that the pessimistic forecasts of global warming are accurate. Suppose that the planet's temperature rises according to the high-end scenario of the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and that we experience the economic and social impacts (like hunger, malaria and coastal flooding) projected by the much-publicized Stern Review sponsored by the British government. Does that mean our best course of action is to quickly reduce emissions of greenhouse gases?
That's the question addressed in a new report by Indur Goklany for the Cato Institute, the libertarian think tank that has taken issue with many of the dire predictions about global warming. What's interesting about this report is that it works from the assumption that the dire forecasts are accurate, even the Stern Review, which has been severely criticized for exaggerating the economic costs of global warming. (See, for instance, the critiques by the Yale economist William Nordhaus in the journal Science and in this article article from the Journal of Economic Literature.) Dr. Goklany accepts the Stern Review's grim numbers and looks at the I.P.C.C.'s various scenarios, which project different levels of warming and sea-level rise depending on the the rate of economic growth, energy use and other factors.
"The surprising conclusion using the Stern Review's own estimates," Dr. Goklany writes, "is that future generations will be better off in the richest but warmest" of the I.P.C.C.'s scenarios. He concludes that cutting emissions will do much less good than encouraging sustainable development in poor countries and policies of "focused adaptation" to deal with disease and environmental problems like coastal flooding. For a fifth the cost of the Kyoto Protocol, he calculates, these adaptation policies could yield more immediate and also long-term benefits than would a policy that entirely halted global warming (which would cost far, far more than Kyoto). He argues that this path isn't merely an economic but also a moral imperative:
For the foreseeable future, people will be wealthier-and their well-being higher-than is the case for present generations both in the developed and developing worlds and with or without climate change. The well-being of future inhabitants in today's developing world would exceed that of the inhabitants of today's developed world under all but the poorest scenario. Future generations should, moreover, have greater access to human capital and technology to address whatever problems they might face, including climate change. Hence the argument that we should shift resources from dealing with the real and urgent problems confronting present generations to solving potential problems of tomorrow's wealthier and better positioned generations is unpersuasive at best and verging on immoral at worst.
Other people, of course, may have different moral views. Dr. Goklany focuses on measures of the physical well-being of humans; others may attach more importance to the spiritual value and esthetic benefits of preserving ecosystems. But I think he points to a real risk in making large sacrifices today to address problems that will be easier to address when people are richer and more technologically advanced. If anything, Dr. Goklany writes, his calculations underestimate the capacity of future generations to deal with these problems because they'll have technologies we can't imagine today (just as the advocates of draconian population-control policies during the 1960s didn't envision that future famines would be averted thanks to improvements in agriculture).
It can be argued that we're rich enough to afford both the focused-adaptation policies and other steps to cut emissions (like the carbon tax that I keep advocating). But resources are limited, particularly when you're trying persuade voters in rich countries to send their money to poor countries. Dr. Goklany, who works at the office of policy analysis at the Department of Interior and was part of the U.S. delegation at the recent Bali climate conference, raises good questions about what our priorities should be. Here's his summary of what different policies can accomplish:
Halting climate change would reduce cumulative mortality from various climate-sensitive threats, namely, hunger, malaria, and coastal flooding, by 4-10 percent in 2085, while increasing populations at risk from water stress and possibly worsening matters for biodiversity. But according to cost information from the U.N. Millennium Program and the I.P.C.C., measures focused specifically on reducing vulnerability to these threats would reduce cumulative mortality from these risks by 50-75 percent at a fraction of the cost of reducing greenhouse gases (GHGs). Simultaneously, such measures would reduce major hurdles to the developing world's sustainable economic development, the lack of which is why it is most vulnerable to climate change. Can we afford to do both? If so, how? If not, what should be our priority?
My electricity company has just sent me a handwringing letter, explaining why, despite its best efforts to keep costs down, my bill is set to soar again this year. The reason - apart from the usual rapacious profits enjoyed by our power suppliers - is a hidden subsidy paid towards the development of wind farms. In the last financial year, electricity consumers were forced to pay a total of 600million pounds in subsidy to the owners of wind turbines. This figure is due to rise to 3billion a year by 2020 as vast areas of the most beautiful parts of the country will be pockmarked with 500fthigh windmills.
The sudden growth in this area of energy supply is because the green lobby has convinced many that this renewable power source is the answer to our looming energy crisis. But the truth is that not only do renewables provide a mere 1.3 per cent of the country's energy needs but also that this money is being wasted. The subsidy system works on the principle of encouraging the development of new wind farms by forcing traditional energy companies to pay producers of renewable energy. The firms then recoup the money by charging consumers higher bills.
After an initial surge in the number of new wind farms, few are currently being built. The most obvious sites, far from human habitation, have already been filled and energy firms are now facing delays in obtaining planning permission to build in more environmentally sensitive locations. As a result, the huge subsidy is concentrated in a small number of hands. There is a rising amount of money for renewable energy and if less is produced each turbine gets more of the pot. At current subsidy rates, anyone who constructs a wind farm, which is expected to last for a minimum of 20 years, will have paid off their investment in only five years. From then on, its profit all the way to the bank.
John Constable, director of policy at the Renewable Energy Foundation, says that the system "has encouraged underperforming onshore wind turbines in low wind areas. Though of little engineering value, such plants attract speculators because they require little capital investment". As a result, consumers will soon be paying billions in unnecessary subsidy to a bunch of sharp-suited businessmen who have spotted an opportunity for easy money.
But the wind farm disaster story does not, by any means, end here. Even in the unlikely event that ministers managed to get the subsidy system right, there would still remain fundamental problems with wind power. First, the fact that the turbines stand idle when the wind doesn't blow. This leaves gas or coal power stations to be switched on and off at a moment's notice to fill the gap - something that is very environmentally inefficient.
Second, even if you accept that it's worth desecrating some of the most beautiful parts of Britain in pursuit of a renewable energy policy, you then must transport the energy to a population centre. That means building an expensive infrastructure of new power lines.
The third problem is the potential threat wildlife (including rare birds colliding with the blades) and the damage to quality of life of those people who live near the wind farms. The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors estimates that the price of house located close to a new turbine falls by 20 per cent, if the owners are able to sell it at all.
Of course, none of this much matters while the turbines are out of sight, but that could be about to change. Although Britain currently has nearly 2,000 onshore turbines; ministers have signed up to European targets on renewables that will mean 7,000 more. The Government claims that most of these will be built offshore, but that's not true because the costs of building in deep water are still too high.
Finally, there is the revelation that wind farms stop the Ministry of Defence's radar working, so we can forget about early warning of an airborne attack.
Behind all this is one certainty: Britain is facing a looming energy crisis. Our ageing nuclear power plants, which currently provide 20 per cent of our energy, are nearing the end of their useful life. The Government, having dithered for years, wants to build new ones but says that, unlike renewables, there will be no subsidies or price guarantees for the nuclear industry. If they really mean this, then the energy companies won't build any reactors, because the commercial risks will be too great. That will mean Britain becomes even more dependent on gas power stations, at a time when our supplies of North Sea gas are running out.
We will have to import our supplies from unstable Middle Eastern nations, or from Russia, whose leaders have already shown they are happy to turn off the gas tap to make a political point. Britain could be held to energy ransom; even plunged into darkness.
Meanwhile we waste time fiddling with wind power. The solution in the medium term is a proper commitment to nuclear energy which, like wind power, doesn't generate greenhouse gases. Also, we should be funding for research into wave and tidal power - surely the long-term answer for an island nation like Britain. As for wind, ministers should cut off the funding tap, and use the money to help reduce our obscenely high electricity bills.
OK, the headline is a stretch. However, it is true that air travel puts large amounts of carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, soot, and even water vapor directly into the atmosphere, all of which makes an inordinate and unsustainable contribution to global warming.
And academics do fly - a lot. As the environmental writer and activist Mark Lynas argued in the New Statesman: "Probably the single most polluting thing you or I will ever do is step on a plane."
Ian Roberts and Fiona Godlee published an editorial in the British Medical Journal on the "carbon footprint of medical conferences." They determined that flights destined for the annual conferences of the European Respiratory Society and the American Thoracic Society put more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than do 110,000 Chadians or 11,000 Indians in an entire year. The problem does not end with medical researchers. Scholars of all stripes travel to meet, greet, and, in one of our more ironic roles, preach the gospel of sustainability.
How do we reduce our contradictions or, better yet, our carbon emissions? The solutions are obvious, which is why no one wants to talk about them. They would require sacrifice, or at least a new way of thinking about and conducting our professional lives. Bring up the issue among a gathering of scholars and you will get something like the following responses:
* "I know that flying is an environmental problem, but travel is essential to my work (and I really like San Francisco in the fall)."
* "My research is a collaborative enterprise. I need to discuss it with colleagues face-to-face (over wine and cheese)."
All of those points are reasonable (despite my parenthetical interjections). However, only the third argument directly engages the issue. And in some cases it might be accurate. The environmental costs of flights by scientists whose research, teaching, and outreach deal with environmental problems might be offset by their contributions to the development of sustainable policies, practices, and technologies.
But what about the rest of us? Take a conference I attended last year in Amsterdam. I flew 6,687 kilometers from Minneapolis to Holland to attend a virtual-ethnography workshop. We discussed such problems as research ethics, the transference of traditional ethnographic methods to the Internet, and differences between computer-mediated communication and face-to-face interactions. It was a fascinating set of discussions and a great opportunity to interact with leaders in that new field.
However, there is more than a little irony in flying thousands of miles to discuss virtual modes of communication. As several colleagues and friends back home asked, "Couldn't you do that from here?"
Unfortunately, the environmental potential of virtual technologies remained outside the discussion in Amsterdam. As is true throughout the academic world - perhaps with the exception of British thoracic specialists - no one seems interested in discussing the matter.
Perhaps that is because our most sacred privilege is at stake. We love to travel. To borrow a line from the Book of Luke, "What then must we do?" Although cash-strapped administrators would love to see us travel less, most professors would be unwilling to give up the big trips. Conferences are viewed as equal parts opportunity, obligation, and perk. Probationary faculty members, in particular, feel an obligation to present at the relevant disciplinary conferences.
Maybe instead of thinking about the issue in terms of limitations, it is better to think about new opportunities. Good alternatives exist. Among the most promising is videoconferencing.
Last year a group of students, a colleague, and I hosted a videoconference session with Nicole Constable of the University of Pittsburgh, the author of Romance on a Global Stage: Pen Pals, Virtual Ethnography, and "Mail Order" Marriages (University of California Press, 2003). Rather than fly Nicole to our campus, we asked her to take an hour to interact with us via video link. While we encountered some technological and logistical difficulties, the event demonstrated how rich and useful videoconferencing could be if conducted on a larger scale. Distance educators have discovered the potential of videoconferencing, and so should the rest of academe.
The School of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Minnesota, where I teach, has invested in user-friendly videoconferencing technology, and we are starting to experiment with ways to replace carbon-based forms of collaboration, at least in cases where live conferencing is difficult or unwarranted.
Of course, we are not alone. The University of Texas system has taken a strong lead in academic videoconferencing, and many institutions have discovered the economic, logistical, and ecological benefits of working in electronically mediated environments. Several scholars and organizations have even started to hold meetings in Second Life and other virtual environments.
As for offline travel, a renaissance in regional conferencing would go a long way toward reducing our greenhouse-gas emissions. Currently, many scholars overlook regional conferences and prefer to attend high-profile national and international meetings.
Granted, Miami is more appealing than Minneapolis in the winter, and our grad-school buddies probably won't attend the regional meeting. Nevertheless, some substitution of regional meetings for national and global ones would help us replace the plane with train, bus, or car, all of which are less destructive than air travel.
Oil is a tough drug to quit. It takes us on the most amazing trips. Sometimes we really do need to go, but in other cases it is an unnecessary anodyne. How many times have you found yourself thinking, "Did I really need to fly to New York to hear that?" Let's face it, academic research is usually better read than recited.
Those whose field sites are situated in other parts of the world find it difficult to avoid flying. However, when we can reduce air travel yet still maintain meaningful research and teaching practices, why wouldn't we? Put in social terms, why should the rest of society take our research conclusions seriously if we don't take the most significant scientific consensus of our time to heart?
I would write more, but it is time to go. The gate agent has called for rows 31 and higher to board the plane.
The Washington Post recently ran a shocking above-the-fold article warning us of "Escalating Ice Loss Found in Antarctica." A new paper by Eric Rignot of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory shows a net loss of ice where most scientists thought the opposite would occur. The Post went full-bore with this one, spreading the article on to an entire interior page. The piece ends by noting that Rajenda Pachauri, head of the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), is so concerned that he's is personally going down to inspect the situation.
He should. Before he even gets to Antarctica, Pachauri is going to see something even more surprising than Rignot's finding. Despite a warming Southern Ocean, the amount of ice surrounding Antarctica is now at the highest level ever measured for this time of the year, since satellites first began to monitor it almost thirty years ago. This represents a continuation of the record set last winter (our summer).
Thanks to the miracles of modern technology, we can also look at the departure from the average for ice mass in a given month. At present, the coverage of ice surrounding Antarctica is almost exactly two million square miles above where it is historically supposed to be at this time of year. It's farther above normal than it has ever been for any month in climatologic records. Around now, because it's summer down there and the ice is headed towards its annual low point, there should be about seven million square miles of it. That means, as data in University of Illinois' web publication Cryosphere Today shows, that there is nearly 30% more ice down in Antarctica than usual for this time of the year.
All of the IPCC's models of Antarctica in the 21st century forecast a gain in ice, as a warmer surrounding ocean evaporates more water, which subsequently falls in the form of snow when it hits the continent. It's simply too cold for rain in Antarctica, and it'll stay that way for a very long time.
Concerning Antarctica as a whole, the IPCC's new climate compendium notes "the lack of warming reflected in atmospheric temperatures averaged across the region." Other studies, such as Peter Doran's in Nature in 2003, show actual cooling in recent decades. (There is a small area of significant warming in the peninsula that points towards South America, but this is less than 2% of Antarctica's total land mass.)
There's brand new evidence, just published in mid-January in Geophysical Research Letters, of a striking increase in snowfall over that peninsula. The few snowfall records that are available elsewhere in Antarctica show considerable variation from decade to decade, so discriminating the "signal" of increased snowfall caused by global warming from all the rest of the "noise" may be very difficult indeed.
We see the same problem with hurricanes and global warming. Their strength and numbers vary considerably from year to year. 2005 was the most active year ever measured in the Atlantic Basin, while 2007 was one of the weakest in history. How do you find the fingerprint of global warming amidst such variation?
So it's not warming up, and the snowfall data are equivocal, yet the continent is experiencing a net loss of ice. How can this be, and is it even important? The current hypothesis is that warmer waters beneath the surface are somehow loosening the ice. That's plausible, but again, there's precious little proof of it.
One of the tired tropes that reverberate throughout global warming reporting is that inconvenient facts get left out. In this case, it's blatant. Midway through the Post's page-long article comes a statement that "these new findings come as the Arctic is losing ice at a dramatic rate." Wouldn't that have been an appropriate place to note that, despite a small recent loss of ice from the Antarctic landmass, the ice field surrounding Antarctica is now larger than ever measured?
The Arctic is melting, right? There is simply no questioning this pillar of the greenhouse scare, and images of ice melting, polar bears struggling, and indigenous people crying the blues are all part of any self-respecting presentation of global warming. Imagine a study published in a major journal showing that a location in the Arctic has "a trend of -0.3øC over the last 1,500 years." Of course, you would never have learned of such a result had you not discovered World Climate Report.
The article is forthcoming in Climate Dynamics, and the work was conducted by Hakan Grudd of Stockholm University's Department of Physical Geography and Quaternary Geology, and despite the results, the research was not funded by industry. The focus here is the Tornetrask area in northern Sweden near 68.5øN (within the Arctic Circle) where Scots pines have been growing for millennia. Grudd not only sampled living trees, but he also collected subfossil samples found as dead wood on dry ground and from submerged logs retrieved from small mountain lakes. Many other studies have shown that the pines are sensitive to summer temperatures, so in theory, the tree samples should allow a very long term and relatively accurate reconstruction of past thermal conditions.
Grudd not only measured the width of each tree ring, he also measured the density of the wood in each ring using an Itrax WoodScanner from Cox Analytical Systems (the perfect gift for the man who thinks he has everything). The obvious trick here is to link the width and density time series to the climate in the growth area. Fortunately, Grudd was able to assemble records from:
(1) "Abisko, a local record (AD 1913-2004) provided by Abisko Scientific Research Station, which is located within the Tornetrask area;
(2) Tornedalen, a long composite record (AD 1802-2002) based on a combination of historical data and synoptic station data from Haparanda approx. 350 km south-east of Tornetr„sk; and
(3) Bottenviken, a regional record (AD 1860-2004) provided by the Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute and based on data from six synoptic stations in northern Sweden."
He used fairly standard multivariate statistical methods to link the climate records to the width and density measurements, and just like magic, response functions are developed to estimate summer temperatures from the tree ring data that extend back 1,500 years.
As seen in Figure 1, the region has definitely been warming over the past century, and a case could be made for a warming of nearly 2øC over the past 100 years. Come to think of it, that could be a great headline "Arctic Warming Confirmed!" However, Grudd explains:
"The late-twentieth century is not exceptionally warm in the new Tornetrask record: On decadal-to-century timescales, periods around AD 750, 1000, 1400, and 1750 were all equally warm, or warmer. The warmest summers in this new reconstruction occur in a 200-year period centred on AD 1000. A `Medieval Warm Period' is supported by other paleoclimate evidence from northern Fennoscandia, although the new tree-ring evidence from Tornetrask suggests that this period was much warmer than previously recognised." (emphasis added)
We will leave you with this very interesting conclusion from Grudd's research: "The new Tornetrask summer temperature reconstruction shows a trend of -0.3øC over the last 1,500 years." [i.e. a trend of minus three tenths of one degree Celsius -- i.e. no significant trend at all but a trend that is in the direction of COOLING, not warming]
This paper presents updated tree-ring width (TRW) and maximum density (MXD) from Tornetrask in northern Sweden, now covering the period ad 500-2004. By including data from relatively young trees for the most recent period, a previously noted decline in recent MXD is eliminated. Non-climatological growth trends in the data are removed using Regional Curve Standardization (RCS), thus producing TRW and MXD chronologies with preserved low-frequency variability. The chronologies are calibrated using local and regional instrumental climate records. A bootstrapped response function analysis using regional climate data shows that tree growth is forced by April-August temperatures and that the regression weights for MXD are much stronger than for TRW.
The robustness of the reconstruction equation is verified by independent temperature data and shows that 63-64% of the instrumental inter-annual variation is captured by the tree-ring data. This is a significant improvement compared to previously published reconstructions based on tree-ring data from Tornetrask. A divergence phenomenon around ad 1800, expressed as an increase in TRW that is not paralleled by temperature and MXD, is most likely an effect of major changes in the density of the pine population at this northern tree-line site. The bias introduced by this TRW phenomenon is assessed by producing a summer temperature reconstruction based on MXD exclusively.
The new data show generally higher temperature estimates than previous reconstructions based on Tornetrask tree-ring data. The late-twentieth century, however, is not exceptionally warm in the new record: On decadal-to-centennial timescales, periods around ad 750, 1000, 1400, and 1750 were equally warm, or warmer. The 200-year long warm period centered on ad 1000 was significantly warmer than the late-twentieth century (p < 0.05) and is supported by other local and regional paleoclimate data. The new tree-ring evidence from Tornetrask suggests that this "Medieval Warm Period" in northern Fennoscandia was much warmer than previously recognized.
The American Geophysical Union (AGU) document entitled Human Impacts on Climate begins with the statement that "the earth's climate is now clearly out of balance and is warming." It sounds ominous, doesn't it? But if mere warming or cooling is a sign of being out of balance, one could truthfully say that earth's climate is almost always "out of balance," which suggests that its current condition is actually normal.
The second declaration of the document says that many components of the climate system "are now changing at rates and in patterns that are not natural." And unnatural climate change sounds even more ominous. But is this really the case?
Enlarging upon the claim that earth's current climate is unnatural, the recently revised position statement -- which was adopted by the AGU Council on 14 December 2007 -- says that "evidence from most oceans and all continents except Antarctica shows warming attributable to human activities."
Now if one is talking about localized human activities, such as urbanization, this contention is clearly correct. But when one is talking about regions as large as oceans and continents -- which, by definition, is what is involved in global warming -- the situation is much more murky. And, again, there is still the problem of how to determine what is natural warming and what may be of anthropogenic origin.
One way of approaching this dilemma is to compare climatic conditions over the past century with those of the thousands of years that preceded it, when the use of fossil fuels was non-existent. The AGU Council does this in their second paragraph, where they speak of "recent millennia of relatively stable climate." They use this characterization in order to make it appear that the planet has subsequently experienced unnatural warmth, which climate alarmists typically characterize as being unprecedented.
In employing this characterization, however, the AGU Council refuses to recognize reality, for it was much warmer than it is nowadays over thousands of years during the Climatic Optimum of the mid-Holocene; and it was also warmer than it is currently during the centuries-long Medieval Warm Period of only one millennium ago, as demonstrated by the voluminous and continually-accumulating evidence for this warmer-than-current period of earth's climatic history in our Medieval Warm Period Project, where we report how medieval warmth has been detected on all continents during a period of time when the atmosphere's CO2 concentration was fully 100 ppm less than it is today.
These palaeoclimate findings clearly indicate that earth's current temperature is not in any way unnatural; and they demonstrate that today's much-less-dramatic warmth (compared to that of "recent millennia of relative stable climate") need not have been caused by its current elevated level of CO2.
The AGU Council next describes some of the climatic projections that are used to scare people into believing we must act decisively and soon if we are to prevent the mother-of-all-catastrophes. To their credit, however, they note that "with such projections, there are many sources of scientific uncertainty." But to their discredit, they add that "none are known that could make the impact of climate change inconsequential," implying there is nothing that can significantly change the model-based projections.
In reality, however, there could well be several factors -- all largely unknown to them -- that may in fact be able to do what the Council essentially infers is impossible. When faced with the amazing complexity of nature, therefore, humility is much to be preferred over hubris.
In much the same vein, the AGU document states "there can be surprises that may cause more dramatic disruptions than anticipated from the most probable model projections." Again, this is true; but it is equally true that there can be surprises that may cause less dramatic disruptions than anticipated from the most probable model projections. In fact, there can be surprises that may actually change the projections from something hurtful to something helpful. Indeed, that is the essence of surprises: they are things that are totally unexpected. And as everyone knows, surprises happen!
In light of these several observations, the leadership of the American Geophysical Union would do well to restrict themselves to purely scientific matters and not delve into policy prescriptions, as they do in the final paragraph of their official statement.
If the science of the subject ever becomes clear, the people of the world will know what to do about it; they are not dumb. Therefore, to try to tell them how to act now, when the science is not clear, is actually an admission of that fact, i.e., the fact that the science is not clear, just as it is also an indication of the possibility that something other than science alone may have prompted the Council's recent reaffirmation of their "position" on this scientific matter.
David Suzuki delivered a scathing and powerful speech to a packed house at McGill Thursday night, calling on young people and business leaders to reverse the demise of ecology at the hand of shortsighted economic theory. Suzuki, an award-winning Canadian scientist, environmentalist, and broadcaster, kicked off the McGill Business Conference on Sustainability by addressing the conference's theme of "looking backward and moving forward." "The only guide for our future is our past, and we don't look back," he said.
Suzuki underlined the importance of looking backward by explaining that, because the past 50 years have seen a boom in technology and population expansion, ideas of economic growth have been skewed. "That means you have lived your entire lives in a completely unsustainable period," Suzuki said to the young audience. "You all think [economic] growth and change is normal. It's not."
He said we need to do more to look forward, as well. He cited a brochure from 1992 entitled "World Scientists' Warning to Humanity", signed by over 600 of the world's top scientists, that expressed the seriousness of modern threats to the environment. "No more than one or a few decades remain before the chance to avert the threats we now confront will be lost and the prospects for humanity immeasurably diminished," he read from the brochure.
He noted that no major news outlets deemed the story newsworthy at the time. "If that brochure was frightening, the response of the media was terrifying," Suzuki said, adding that the media was instead preoccupied with celebrity figures.
He urged today's youth to speak out against politicians complicit in climate change, even suggesting they look for a legal way to throw our current political leaders in jail for ignoring science - drawing rounds of cheering and applause. Suzuki said that politicians, who never see beyond the next election, are committing a criminal act by ignoring science.
Grand plans to build a host of eco-friendly, carbon neutral towns hit another snag yesterday as hundreds of locals turned out in Warwickshire to protest against a development in their area. Dozens of proposed sites have been put forward across the country for what the Government hopes will be a new generation of environmentally friendly developments, and ministers want building to start on 10 projects by 2020. But protesters nationwide say the schemes will put too much pressure on local services.
Yesterday it was the turn of 300 people living near a proposed development of former Ministry of Defence land at Long Marston, near Stratford, to air their grievance in a march. "It would be devastating for the villages of south Warwickshire. It would be putting a new town smack bang in the middle of nowhere where there's no infrastructure at all," said the group's spokesman, Myles Pollock, who lives in the nearby village of Clifford Chambers. "We all need houses. In this district we have already built the number of houses required by the Government by 2011. You can't say we are not against building houses. It's just a matter of where."
Developers want to construct 6,000 homes on the site, exploiting what officials describe as "the potential to create a complete new settlement to achieve zero carbon development and more sustainable living using the best new design and architecture". Villagers fear this will lead to congestion in the area and say tens of millions of pounds would be needed for new roads, schools and doctors' surgeries to make the scheme viable.
Izzi Seccombe, a Warwickshire county councillor, said: "Eco may be eco within its community, but they all have to travel outside, and there is a very large rural area they will have to travel through to get to any employment or major leisure centres or towns. This area is a thread of very many rural villages. We have a lot of cohesion within those communities. Planning 6,000-plus houses on a piece of paper does not build community cohesion in an instant like that."
This is the latest in a string of protests. Opposition has been voiced in places such as Grovewood in Derbyshire and Stoughton in Leicestershire.
The Government has set out a range of criteria for the towns, which will have up to 20,000 new homes. They should be carbon-neutral, using the latest environmental design and technology to create more sustainable homes. They should set a standard in at least one area of environment technology, and provide affordable housing within 30 to 50 per cent of the site. The new towns should have "a separate and distinct identity" but good links to surrounding towns and cities in terms of jobs, transport and services, as well as a range of facilities including a secondary school, shopping, offices and leisure centres.
Responding to Conservative criticism of the plans, Harriet Harman, Leader of the Commons, told MPs: "We believe that it is a priority that we have more affordable housing. There are too many people who can't afford to rent the housing they need, can't afford to buy the home they aspire too. We are going to back people's aspirations that they can have the housing they need, and it would be very disappointing if the official Opposition try and stand in the way of people's aspirations for decent housing."
John Deegan, from one of the developers involved in the Long Marston plans, said: "The proposal is for a completely new settlement involving 6,000 new houses, new secondary and primary schools, lots of new employment. There will also be investment of well over œ100m in infrastructure to support the town and to relieve Stratford."
The latest US-led climate talks in Honolulu, Hawaii, have been described by delegates as the most frank and engaging climate negotiations so far. It was the second in a series of Major Economies Meetings called by US President George W Bush. He called the first in Washington last year after expressing a desire to find a solution to the climate issue. That first meeting was described by angry EU delegates as a waste of time, a PR stunt for the American elections. But this time the tone was very different.
One EU delegate said: "I came expecting nothing and was very pleasantly surprised. Normally, we get sterile pre-prepared statements of policy, but this time there was a very frank discussion exploring the very difficult and different conditions facing each of the countries. It was very constructive." Brice Lalonde, the French climate ambassador, added: "It was very low-key but people just got on with it. The talks were very positive... until the final statement was discussed."
At that point, he said, Russia and India refused to include a statement that they had been discussing mandatory, internationally binding commitments, even though that is exactly what had been discussed. A number of delegates offered a degree of optimism that the big economies might this year agree a global target for cutting emissions by 2050.
The US is said to be moving slowly towards a figure, but India is holding out because a long-term global target implies emissions cuts for them. They feel that with per capita emissions a twentieth of the Americans, it is unfair to expect them to reduce emissions overall. Part of the idea of the meetings is to air issues like this.
EU delegates said that for the world to achieve any serious long-term target on CO2, new technologies would be needed that would benefit India as much as America. The US offered at the talks to commit its national energy policies to a UN-shared agreement if all major economies agreed to do the same.
The Europeans said any American commitment that did not include a firm pledge to actually cut greenhouse gases (rather than increase energy efficiency) was inadequate.
Boyden Gray, the US envoy to the EU who was present in Honolulu, said he believed that the progress made in the recent UN climate talks in Bali and now in Honolulu, meant the world looked to be on track for a comprehensive global agreement on climate by the end of 2009.
Ambitious plans to meet up to a third of Britain's energy needs from offshore wind farms are in jeopardy because the Ministry of Defence objects that the turbines interfere with its radar.
The MoD has lodged last-minute objections to at least four onshore wind farms in the line of sight of its stations on the east coast because they make it impossible to spot aircraft, The Times has learnt. The same objections are likely to apply to wind turbines in the North Sea, part of the massive renewable energy project announced by John Hutton, the Energy Secretary, barely two months ago. They would be directly in line with the three principal radar defence stations, Brizlee Wood, Saxton Wold and Trimingham on the Northumberland, Yorkshire and Norfolk coasts.
Giving evidence to a planning inquiry last October, a senior MoD expert said that the turbines create a hole in radar coverage so that aircraft flying overhead are not detectable. In written evidence, Squadron Leader Chris Breedon said: "This obscuration occurs regardless of the height of the aircraft, of the radar and of the turbine." He described the discovery as alarming.
The findings were the result of trials carried out in 2004 and 2005 but the MoD appears to have toughened its stance more recently. It now objects to almost all wind farms in the line of sight of its radar stations.
The change of policy has prompted fury among developers, who had previously been told that there were no defence implications. They have now written a letter of protest to Mr Hutton and Des Browne, the Defence Secretary, pointing out that millions of pounds of investment are at risk.