Putting together a personal injury claim and moving it through the system can be a challenging job. That’s why many folks who live in or around Owensboro, KY turn to the office of Caslin & Cecil Attorneys At Law for advice. Our practice includes two lawyers, Dan and Michele. Dan established the law firm in 1993, and Michele joined him as a partner in 2002. We’ve been protecting Kentucky’s people ever since.
An attorney from our practice will consult and review the details of the incident. We’ll identify who the responsible parties are and any insurance carriers that may need to be contacted. Our goal is to achieve best results, and we’ll work hard to negotiate a settlement on your behalf. If necessary, we can also take your case to trial.
We work with folks who’ve suffered anything from a slip and fall to medical malpractice. We’ve built our reputation by successfully pursuing numerous claims. Your attorney will help you seek compensation to cover emotional or physical traumas, lost pay, reduced mental or physical abilities, and medical expenses.
Caslin & Cecil Attorneys At Law only represent injured people, and we do not take on cases on behalf of defendants. We also offer a free initial consultation, so contact us as soon as possible and ask us to protect your interests.
A: The top priority is seeking proper medical attention. If you are conscious at the scene, collect all pertinent information from the other drivers (i.e. driver's license information, address, phone number, insurance card information, etc.). Also, make sure to keep a daily journal, beginning with the date of the accident, to document all physical and mental injuries, as well as document your view of the accident. You should photograph your injuries and your automobile too. Finally, contact an attorney at Caslin & Cecil who can assist you in bringing a civil suit against another party if they are responsible for the accident.
A: No. Tell the insurance company that you will get back to them. In the meantime, contact an attorney at Caslin & Cecil. Oftentimes an insurance company will offer a minimal amount of money in return for your signature stating that you will not sue them. Never take an insurance check without first consulting an attorney.
A: If you have been injured, you will likely have medical bills from physicians, hospitals, physical therapists, and other health care providers. Those bills will be in your name and will usually be sent to your address. You are primarily responsible for paying your bills, regardless of the cause of your injuries. The at-fault person's liability insurance carrier is responsible for paying you reasonable compensation for damages incurred, which includes medical bills, but the insurance carrier is not responsible for paying your doctors, hospitals, and other providers.
A: Kentucky is a no-fault state which means each motorist has coverage which pays his/her medical expenses regardless of who was at fault. That coverage is called PIP (Personal Injury Protection). The PIP coverage works to get an injured person immediate medical treatment rather than waiting for the recovery from the at fault party. In most instances, the PIP carrier is reimbursed for any money they pay out. At Caslin & Cecil, we understand the importance of getting immediate medical treatment and getting that treatment paid for. We will work with your insurance company to make sure you are afforded the coverage you purchased and the benefits of PIP that you need.
A: Personal injury claims can be resolved in a matter of a few weeks or they make take up to several years depending on the complexity of the case. It is best to speak with an experienced personal injury attorney about your specific case. Contact Caslin & Cecil to discuss your case.
A: This scenario presents the injured party with a difficult situation. There is insurance coverage you may have called Uninsured Motorist Coverage and that coverage may stack depending on how many cars you have and how your policy is written. To make this determination, contact Caslin & Cecil. We are experienced in reviewing and understanding complex insurance policies.
A: Personal injury claims vary greatly. There are a combination of factors at play: your healing process, how many insurance companies are involved, and whether Caslin & Cecil must file a lawsuit for you. Personal injury claims can be resolved in a matter of a few weeks or they make take up to several years depending on the complexity of the case. It is best to speak with an experienced personal injury attorney about your specific case. Contact Caslin & Cecil to discuss your case.
A: Again personal injury claims vary greatly. Your odds become much higher when you hire us to be your advocate.
A: This depends upon many factors. Caslin & Cecil can not begin to discuss actual figures until your doctor has released you from his or her care. The settlement or even court awards generally include amounts for property loss (i.e. car damage), past and possible future income loss, past and possible future medical costs, past and possible future pain and suffering. It takes time to develop a value for personal injury case and this is best done with an experienced personal injury attorney, like those at Caslin & Cecil.
A: This varies but at Caslin & Cecil, we usually agree to a contingent fee where we are only paid a percentage of what we recover for you. We sometimes offer hourly fees or mixed fee arrangements depending upon the nature of the case. Please make an appointment to discuss your situation.
A: We will follow your medical care and gather all the documentation (i.e. doctors and prescription bills, missed work) needed to resolve your case. When the time is right we present this to the insurance company. If they do not offer an appropriate amount, we will not hesitate to sue on your behalf. Caslin & Cecil will be there during that litigation process as well guiding and explaining each step.
A: You will need to keep us up to date regarding current medical situation and your work status on a regular and continuing basis.
NOTICE: This web site is designed for general information only. The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship
Modern commercial buildings are required by law to have safety exits. Further, these safety exits can’t be locked. After all, people are supposed to be using them during emergencies and nobody is going to have time to search for a key and then unlock the door, especially if the building is on fire. Push bars are an invention that allow emergency exit door to be opened quickly from the inside by a simple push on a bar (hence the name push bar). If you need new these exit locks installed for your property in the Casselberry, FL region, Casselberry Locksmiths is your best bet. We can get a new bar for you and install it in a short span of time, at an affordable price.
Do push bars (also called panic bars) actually keep your door locked if they can be opened with a single push? The mechanism consists of a spring loaded bar that falls across the door and is activated when you push on it. However, you can only open it from one side – pulling from the other side of the door doesn’t work. That means if people try to pull on the emergency exit door when it’s closed from outside the building, it won’t open. What’s to stop someone from opening it from the inside and keeping it open? Modern versions have alarms that notify you when someone has used them.
If you need new push bars installed, then we have a wide variety to offer you. The kind you should get depends on the size of your property and your budget. Also, if you own a small business that you can keep an eye own, you probably won’t need anything fancy (like with an in-built alarm system). You can always contact our locksmiths for an expert recommendation. We will pick out the best bars for you, depending on the budget and the size of the property.
We can install new push bars for your commercial building 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. We can also do it overnight, if you don’t want us to interrupt your regular business. We can attempt to repair a malfunctioning lock, too, if you need us to.
Welcome to our page dedicated to bond updates. We will provide you information regarding the status of repairs and updates being conducted at Sam Adams Elementary School and Ross Beatty Jr./Sr. High School with the funds received from the bond proposal that passed in August 2015. Please stop by frequently to see the progress that's being made. Go Rangers!!
Description: Students in Mrs. Warren's class completing a Eureka Math assignment. Students celebrate...
Our tube packaging Widely used in cosmetics, electronics, food, wine, toys and gift, cloth and accessories, stationary, hardware tools industries etc.
(5) Our tube packaging Widely used in cosmetics, electronics, food, wine, toys and gift, cloth and accessories, stationary, hardware tools industries etc.
◆ Our factory founded in 2010,have 8years experience.The factory area is 2000 square meters.Our office is separate from the factory.Office area is 1000 square meters.
◆ Customers can choose which payment ways that you accept.Paypal is most useful and safe,pls don’t refuse Paypal fee when you choose it.
A: You can contact any of our sales person to place the order. Please provide us the details of your requirement as clear as possible.We will send you the quotation at thee first time.
A: After price confirmation, Customized sample will cost $30-80 to cover the cost on film and printing procedure.
After you pay the sample charge and send us the correct files, the samples will be ready within about 3-5 working days.The sample will be sent to you via express.
A: YES! We can print Plastic box sample with our digital sample machine which color can match 80% as the actual printing machine, with custom paper and design and cutting .But we required client to take responsible for the express fee.
But if you have to get actual sample which using printing machine like production, we have to charge sample fee which is around USD50 to USD100 without express fee. But sample fee can be refunded if order is big enough.
2.We often go abroad to see the exhibition,And communicate with customers face to face.such as Japan,Vietnam
pretty brookie, but just a brookie. I used to catch a lot of them on the broadhead some 20+ years ago. The colors always amazed me. Not a very hearty fish though, if they bleed a little when you unhook them, you might as well keep them cuz they will die anyway. I had to stop fishing one stretch of the river cuz it was loaded with them an it made me feel bad to catch them.
jar opener target can opener electric the only listed electric can opener on the market electric jar opener big.
Papular eruption of blacks is a cutaneous condition characterized clinically by small, pruritic papules and histologically by a Pachydermatous eosinophilic dermatitis. List of cutaneous conditions. — “Papular eruption of blacks - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia”, en.wikipedia.org
Farther on, the pachydermatous lophiodon (crested toothed), a gigantic tapir, hides behind the rocks to dispute its prey with the anoplotherium (unarmed beast), a strange creature, which seemed a compound of horse, rhinoceros, camel, and hippopotamus. — “A Journey to the Centre of the Earth” by Jules Verne
Let me guess, you have been playing a crossword game and got stuck on the clue Distressful sounds. Well, you have come to the right place to find the answer to this clue.
Vaad Hanachos B’Lashon HaKodesh has launched an unprecedented sale on the 45-volume set of Toras Menachem: 5742-5752, which has been out of print. Pre-orders can be made for the discounted price of $300. For more details, see complete article.
Following Lahak’s unprecedented sale on the first sixty volumes of Toras Menachem, which include the talks and Chassidic discourses delivered by the Rebbe during the first 20 years of his leadership, translated into Hebrew.
No less than 5,500 sets of Toras Menachem were sold, totaling 330,000 Books. At the same time, however, the Lahak offices received many requests that the parallel set be made available – the 45 volumes of Toras Menachem: 5742-5752, which has been out of print.
The years 5742-5752 were the busiest decade in Lubavitch history. It was marked by a wide range of events, both with the Rebbe in 770 and in Lubavitch communities worldwide. The Rebbe conveyed deep insights at frequent gatherings with the chassidim, and his hallmark addresses became an almost daily occurrence. Additionally, he gave many new directives and initiated many novel projects.
All of the Rebbe’s talks of this period, including Torah novellae and the Rebbe’s views on a vast array of Jewish and universal contemporary issues, are printed in Hebrew in the 45-volume set of Toras Menachem: 5742-5752.
Lahak, headed by Rabbi Chaim Shaul Brook, has acceded to these requests. A major sale was announced, in which every individual can participate in the upcoming printing by pre-ordering a set at the low price of $300 US (or ₪1100). We have also learned that deliveries are available to your door in the US and Israel for an added price of $100/₪100.
Lahak is presently reaching out to a number of donors and philanthropists, individuals who cherish the Rebbe’s teachings, to subsidize the purchase and delivery of the sets, allowing for these low prices.
This unique sale, which began earlier this week, will continue until Chof Menachem Av, and the printing will take place, G‑d willing, after the upcoming month of Tishrei. Details of places and times for pickup will be announced in the time leading up to the books’ distribution, which will take place during the month of Teves 5779.
Don’t miss this rare opportunity, and bring the Rebbe’s teachings into your home. Order your set today!
To order by phone, contact Kehot in Kfar Chabad at +972.3.9606.018, or Yerid Hachassidus at +972.72.279.2072. with the option to pay in installments.
As the injury time winner went in for CD Tenerife at home to Toledo, fans and players surged towards each other on the touchline. There were embraces, cheers and an outpouring of joy, all it needed was the theme from Love Story to make it complete. Alas it was just a moment, prompted by sheer relief after another dire performance, rather than reconciliation, the divisions and problems still run deep at the club.
Coach Garcia Tebar wore his best dark suit, he could be forgiven for thinking he was attending his own funeral after reports that the club would sack him if the game ended in defeat. Panic buying on yellow cards set in weeks ago at CD Tenerife and most of the midfield was sidelined, Medina joined Marcos in the engine room but it left very little creative force. Perona returned up front but for much of the first half he drifted wide and interchanged with Farren Tacon.
The spark was again missing from the home side, long hopeful balls were never going to do any damage, especially with the pathetic Aridane as a target man. Perona had a couple of weak long shots but Toledo used a well worn plan by visiting teams to sit back and play off any breaks they got. The big Sanz was their hope up front but neither goalie had much to do in a depressing first half. Even the protests in favour of the coach over his mutinous players were half hearted.
The second half was a bit better as Tenerife created more chances, Bravo should have done better when controlling the ball with his chest only to lose control of his shot. Marcos unleashed a strong shot from distance but the keeper took it well and then Kiko came on for Medina to add punch up front. Rosquete came on for Aridane just in time to see Tarantino depart with a second yellow card. Kiko unsettled the Toledo defence and had a couple of half claims for a penalty as he was bundled over, Rosquete and Kiko headed wide and Perona hooked a shot over the bar.
Toledo took time wasting to new extremes with endless writhing from supposedly injured players, the keeper even sat down in his area at one point to draw attention to another squirming team mate. The 8,595 crowd was steeling itself for a bore draw when in injury time a lovely chip into the box found Pablo Sicilia who stroked the ball into the corner of the net. Three points, third place, and another game ticked off the countdown to the play offs, as silver linings go we will gladly accept that but someone needs to sort out the big dark cloud that still hovers over the Heliodoro.
If you know me personally then you will know I love love love to read! It pains me every so often I need to take books to the charity shops so I can buy more books, but I believe books need to be loved and shared with others. In fact once upon a time I had a bookshelf filled with just Terry Pratchett’s novels from the children’s series’ to the Discworld novels (my entire being cried when he passed) but when we moved 00Steve made me a bookshelf in our bedroom and now they are mixed with other books – some vertical and some horizontal and most definitely NOT in order. Part of me likes it like that visually but the rest of me is like “What have you done man?” So what have I got on my list to escape into? To become so encompassed that a part of me feels lost when the book is finished (due to this feeling I haven’t and won’t finish the Deathly Hallows) I often don’t like reading series of books due to feeling part of the story and when it is finished I get left with this empty morning type of feeling. Do you ever experience it?
The last two that left me like that were Miss Peregrines School for Peculiar Children and The Hunger Games. The books that first left me feeling like that were The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings trilogy which subsequently had me read The Simarillian which fed my need of knowing who the relationships of the races an families came to be – it is an incredibly backwards and confusing book for a 15 year old to read but still (my Dad told me at 11 it was too hard going and yes he was right) But I digress; something avid readers often do much to the annoyance of others.
Body Positive Power by Megan Jayne Crabbe – Now this book is on my list to help me break free of my body image chains. I have spent far too long disliking how I look rather than embracing my body and this book is written by one of the more well known movers and shakers of the body positivity scene; she suffered badly from an eating disorder for many years and has allowed herself to love herself again and not feel restricted in how she looks or what she eats.
The Blackbird Season by Kate Moretti – This is supposed to be a psychological thriller about a teenager who was caught in a tryst with her teacher and disappears. I enjoy the Criminal Minds series and it piqued my interest but even if it just ends up being a “whodunit” I hope I will still enjoy it.
16th Seduction by James Patterson – I really love James Patterson books and read lots of my Mam’s copies growing up. This is more of a conspiracy theory style book about a detective who with her husband caught a serial bomber and as the trial looms she doesn’t know who to trust. I have high hopes for this one so hopefully it isn’t dashed.
Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman – This book is written by a Nobel Economic Science Prize winner and it is about his theories on the mind. How one part is fast and the other slow, he talks about working out when and where you should use each. As I am going through DBT I hope this one will help alongside the emotional regulation section with how I cope with stressful situations.
Star Wars by William Shakespeare – Yes this does sound amazing doesn’t it?! Well it might do for those who enjoy Shakespeare like myself (going to the theatre is one of my favourite past times) or just being a huge Star Wars nerd guilty as charged! I think I will annoy the hell out of both my Dad and 00Steve quoting Darth Vader in a Shakespearian tongue!
Wild by Cheryl Strayed – This has been on my reading list for a long time but when I was trying to read it I was on a lot of strong pain relief so lacked the concentration to read. It was made into a film with Reese Witherspoon and was really good, it is a real story on how Cheryl lost and found herself, she went backpacking across America and her story is touching.
Ragdoll by Daniel Cole – This is what I am currently reading and it is about a homicide detective who has been involved in high profile cases. They find a body in a building opposite his flat pointing to his apartment; however the body isnt just one body but compromised of 6 victims stitched together.
Silent Nights Christmas Mysteries – 00Steve bought me this a few years back as I do love me some good crime drama (you couldn’t tell could you? I mean check out my about me page!) It is a collection of stories based around Christmas and murder so with The Big C coming up it is fitting I finally read it now I have more time to myself!
Unwanted Baggage by Elizabeth and Phillip Prosser – These two people created the International Children’s Ostomy Education Fund which is to help children having various surgeries surrounding different types of ostomies. This is a book on their journey with an ostomy and tips and tricks really.
I have a few books I am looking forward to reading after Christmas and they are mainly the rest of the Wallander series that one of my oldest friends (and published author) got me into; she bought me the first a couple of years ago which I read and loved, but I recently watched the TV series on Netflix and I want to read the rest. I have also started watching Instinct with one of my favourite actors Alan Cummings which is based on the James Patterson novel Murder Games, so clearly I need to read that now too!
Love to read, love james patterson I get all my books fdom charity shops and when they are all torn and broken i turn the books into christmas wreaths so its a win win. Keep on blogging Stephie they are great to read 😊
We got home from school today and the girls asked if they could jump in puddles on the way in. No. Please just go inside, I told them. I was stressed. I’d known the entire ride home that a run was what I needed. And it had nearly stopped raining.
We went inside, I changed into shorts, a t-shirt and running shoes, and I opened the front door. It was pouring. I asked my husband if he thought I should stay home. No. You should go, he said supportively.
I raced down the road and the rain continued to pick up. We rarely see cars and I was thankful I didn’t have to explain to a hunter driving by that running in the rain was actually my intention. We also rarely see bears, and I was thankful I didn’t see one of them either…
Running in the rain made my stress disappear. It reminded me that whether I am a teacher or a student, a mother or a child, I am a small part of the world.
I am no better than the stones beneath my feet, and no worse than the life-giving air that I breath. I am no more permanent than the falling drops of water on my face, and no less grounded than the trees around me. I am important, by my importance does not override my humanness.
And for me, in that moment, I felt better. I will always be teaching and learning, mothering and growing, so long as I continue to be.
As I splashed down our driveway back up to our house, I realized I couldn’t withhold this joy of being out in the rain. And so I leaned in the front door and beckoned the girls to get their rain boots on and come out to jump in puddles.
And with that, we all went out to play in the rain, jump in the mud, and just be. Isn’t this the best night ever? My youngest asked me when we went inside. Yes. Of course it is! Rather than be overcome with the challenges of life, we were given a special opportunity to enjoy life’s gifts, and we did!
How does all this relate to collaborative teaching or co-teaching? I’m not sure that it does any more than it relates to any profession: We have to come to work ready every day, and we need to find ways to destress in order to share our gifts. In order to take care of others, we must first take care of ourselves, and only with practice will we truly know what that means.
With a few exceptions, you would not pick a primary care physician without meeting him or her first. The knowledge, support, and care that doctors offer is vital to your health. When it comes to your child, you are likely to be even pickier. You might even read reviews and recommendations online before scheduling to meet with a potential pediatrician. And if your child has medical needs that extend beyond average, the stress involved in finding and committing to a specialist may be that much more intense.
So why don’t parents traditionally engage in relationship building with teachers before sending their kids off to school? Is there an option for this? ‘Back to School Night’ is a way for parents and students to meet face-to-face with teachers and see classmates prior to the school year starting. It’s a nice baseline, but we can do more (and not just for the sake of our students.)
What about making home visits? What about meeting with families individually before servicing their children day in and day out for 240 days? Here are a few reasons I think you might say ‘no thanks’ to home visits, and then I would like to try to shed some light on why I think they are actually worth it.
Pay: You chose to be a teacher, not a doctor. Although there is data to support that teachers and doctors have comparable stress levels, the financial reciprocation is not there. Sure, you get summers off, but between teaching, planning, meetings, committees, duties, etc., the summer break does not even begin to compare to that MD paycheck.
Safety: Yes, any time you travel to a stranger’s house, you are putting yourself in a potentially compromising situation. If no one will go with you, this is a legitimate argument. (I am apt to believe you can find someone to go with you.)
Time: Remember that summer break we talked about earlier? Scheduling any part of it with home visits kind of negates its value, doesn’t it? And if you think you can do home visits once school starts, you’ve clearly never taught during the first nine weeks of the school year.
Anxiety: Maybe you’re nervous! What if you don’t know what to say? What if you can’t answer their questions? What if you come off looking under-qualified? What if you look incredibly qualified and now the family wants to contact you all the time? Isn’t this just opening a huge can of worms?
I get it. I do. I get all of these reasons. And even as I type them out, it’s tempting to throw in the home visits towel. But I’ve been making summer home visits for students on my caseload since I returned to teaching after having kids, and this is why I would strongly urge you to consider trying them too:
Relationships: Steve Geyer, Assistant Superintendent of Instruction for Goochland County Public Schools, has always touted quality instruction to be two things: relationships and engaging instruction. And he practices what he preaches with all members of the community, even with all his responsibilities. In fact, all of our administrative staff in our school system model this well. But there is a good reason for why they do this, and I think it stretches beyond good manners: You are more likely to trust someone that you have met, right? I would hope so! Showing up at someone’s house and asking to learn about their family equates to making huge deposits into a bank account that will support you throughout the school year. And I am just trying to sell you on the logic – the time you will save later – without even taking into account the fulfillment you will receive by reaching out. To teach is a great honor, and to be welcomed into the life-story of families in your community is truly a gift. I thought I would have more to write when I started this list, but that’s it: Relationships. Relationships are everything.
Postcards are a great way to reach out to families. The thought of calling and asking if I can come over sounds painfully awkward to me. It can be short and sweet:
I am so excited to be teaching __________________ this fall! I love meeting with families prior to the school year to learn how I can best support student goals. Is there a day/time that we could get together before the school year gets started to chat? Please get in touch when you can and we’ll figure out a time I can pop over. Thanks so much!
Not everyone is going to respond to your postcard, and that is OK. At least they know you care, and that you are willing to take the extra step for their family. When they do call or email to set up a time, do everything you can to keep that appointment. And if they do not get in touch, make sure they are one of the first families you call to touch base with during that first week of school.
The first couple of times I went on home visits, I brought a preference assessment that I created for students and a preference assessment that I created for parents. (Both of these documents are linked here: Parent Preference Assessment Student Preference Assessment) I wanted students to know that I was interested in what they liked to learn about and how they liked to learn. For parents, I wanted to know their preferred method of communication and their expectations for how often they liked to communicate with their child’s teacher.
You might say that asking a parent how often he or she expects to hear from you is setting yourself up for more work. But here’s the thing: Most parents are not going to request excessive communication. The ones who do request it probably have a good reason: maybe their child has high needs that must be monitored and communication between school and home is vital; maybe their experience with home-school commination in the past has been negative or non-existent so they are expressing their frustrations with high demands. Whatever the reason for requesting frequent communication, it is within your best interest to know about it. You can increase your control over the situation by setting up mutually agreed upon expectations.
The most important thing you can do during a home visit is listen. Ask questions. Use the preference assessments as a guide if you would like, but try not to make it look like an interrogation. Make that family know how fortunate you feel to be in their home and how excited you are to support their child’s development. Be yourself. Smile. Be confident in knowing that you are doing something that is above and beyond, and that really does make a difference.
You might laugh at this one, and that’s OK, you can skip this part, because although some of you have no problem wrapping up a conversation, others, like myself, don’t even know how to get off the phone. In fact, I might even ask more questions when I’m awkwardly trying to wrap it up…
You can let the family know up front that you have to be somewhere at a certain time in the future, or you can wait until the conversation just winds itself down. I have had families invite me over for dinner and give me tours of their homes. Again, in my opinion, this is all a one-time investment that is so worth it. I have developed some incredible friendships this way that have really aided me in doing what is most important as an educator: helping all students to maximize their potential.
When you mess up, and you will, it is also so much easier to call yourself out to someone who has already seen the good in you. Home visit really emphasize the the value and importance of a home-school team to student development.
Will you do home visits this year? What will they “look” like? If you’ve done them in the past, how would you rate your experience? Any tips? I am a special education teacher who co-teaches 5th grade, so my primary focus has always been meeting with students on my caseload, but my co-teacher and I have also considered doing a picnic and inviting all students and their families to kick off the year with us.
One of the most important considerations when developing a co-teaching relationship is a shared purpose, or goal. What is your mission? And if it sounds like I’m talking about a business, then great.
Maybe we should think of classrooms as non-profit business organizations that rejoice in the attainment of goals for the betterment of the public.
Businesses complete S.W.O.T. analyses of their companies to enhance their rate of success. During this process, they analyze the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats to the success of the organization.
Why not use this same model in our classrooms? With co-teaching, this is realistic: you are not an island reflecting on your practice; you have someone else there to reflect with and to determine whether or not your actions are supporting your mission and vision.
If you have administrative support, like Joe and I have in both our principal and central office staff, then your chance of success is that much greater.
When Joe and I first started working together, a three-by-four-foot laminated poster hung on the wall that he created with his wife, Lea, when he began teaching: 20% Brain, 80% Heart. As a teacher, and a mother, I think this is a great a message to kids. Growth mindset needs to be taught to all levels of learners.
When I was in elementary school, I remember being pulled back or sent to a different room to work with the other “smart kids” on math problems. By the time I was in the 7th and 8th grade, my math grades drastically dropped and honestly never recovered. I knew why – in my eyes, I wasn’t “smart” anymore, or my teachers had identified me incorrectly.
To an extent, this was true! When I was in elementary school, my skill set was strong relative to my same-age peers. As a result, I thought math just came easily to me. When it wasn’t easy anymore, I figured I wasn’t “smart” anymore. Had I learned early on that education was 20% Brain, 80% Heart, perhaps I would have been more tenacious when faced with challenges.
Teaching 20% Brain, 80% Heart applies to our below-level learners, as well. This year, Joe and I taught several readers performing multiple grade levels below their peers. With the help of our reading specialist, we assessed their skill level at the beginning of the year and introduced these students to individualized weekly fluency passages.
The ‘go-getters’ in in our fluency group quickly became evident. By creating an attainable goal with a route to success – If I practice my fluency passage daily, then my reading level with increase – some students aggressively attacked reading, and their fluency improved. (Mind you, we didn’t just say that fluency passages were going to improve reading ability, we also developed a classroom culture that included a love of reading, but more on that later.)
But the shared mission of 20% Brain, 80% Heart reverberated beyond fluency passages: The same students who attacked their fluency passages were also asking questions in science and seeking to internalize patterns in math. They wanted it.
For me and Joe, 20% Brain, 80% Heart, is a relatable and attainable mission. We are teachers because we love learning, sharing, and creating, and we want the same for all individuals, regardless of innate ability level. We want students to recognize their own Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats, and to develop their own roadmap to success, and we want to support them in this process.
Yes, as teachers, we want (and need) to give students the tools to understand learning objectives, but in a world where Siri is accessible to a large part of the population, we want to create problem solvers. For some, this may mean recognizing the importance of engaging in repeated trials to acquire a skill; for others, this may mean asking and seeking answers to one’s own challenging questions.
How do you promote growth mindset in your classroom? Do you have a classroom mission statement? We love growing our practice by learning from our peers and we can’t wait to hear what other teachers are up to!
Over the past semester, we have experienced so much learning. While on the one hand, I want this school year to slow down because I can not imagine a better group of students, parents, or colleagues, I am also already excited for next fall. The framework for collaboratively teaching with Joe has been created: We know what we want to do better when we revisit this past semester’s lessons in the future, and we also recognize the exponential potential for differentiation when a general education teacher and special education teacher truly collaborate. It is beyond your average ‘win-win’.
1. “I like reading now.” Joe and I shared a special moment with a student who had done particularly well on a reading assessment. We wanted him to know how proud we were of the efforts he was making, because it truly reflected in his understanding. He had made unbelievable growth in reading and were so proud of him. He told us with tears in his eyes that he didn’t like to read before this year. He has had wonderful teachers, so I know they all contributed to him getting to this point, but I will forever be inspired by that moment
2. Mural! This past year we met with an incredible artist, Shaylen Brougton, and asked her what it would take to have a mural painted on our classroom wall. She contacted Altria and found a way for the mural to be donated at zero cost to the school. We cannot wait for March when she will breathe new life into our classroom!
3. Into the Woods Thanks to a grant from the Goochland Education Foundation, we were able to take our students on two trips to Powhatan State Park this past fall. Students with diverse needs all paddled down the James River in canoes. We experienced geocaching and reading in the wild. I will always treasure the organic beauty of these experiences and hope our students will, as well.
4. Debates Everyone knows that politics were fierce in 2016. The election was possibly one of the most controversial,to date, with strong opinions on both sides. Our students raised questions, stood to speak to one another, and debated on both sides of the political spectrum to gain a better understanding of different opinions. The dignity with which they treated one another was beyond that which we saw in the media.
5. If you can’t, we can! On a whim, we decided to enter the Michael & Sons Jingle Contest. The students created a video and the winner was chosen based on the greatest number of votes. Although our students represented the county with the smallest population, their dedication to getting people to vote allowed us to finish in the number one spot, earning $5000 for Goochland Elementary School.
6. MUSIC I grew up in a home where my dad was a musician; I made it to high school on time because I wanted to be there for show choir practice; In college, I sang in the shows at Kings Dominion for work. And yet, I did not truly understand the value of music in education until spending a semester teaching with Joe Beasley. Kids need movement, visuals, passion… all the things that I need to get me motivated! This deserves a post in and of itself, but in the mean time, click here to go to Joe’s TeachersPayTeachers site and download/use all of his songs in your classroom.
7. Morning Handshakes Every classroom should do this. A handshake, paired with eye contact and “Good morning, Mrs. Steeley” really sets the tone for the day. It’s a great way to show mutual respect between student and teacher, and it is an invaluable life skill. I feel fortunate to have been exposed to this practice. (As a special education teacher, I know that this might ‘look’ different for different students, and that’s ok, too; it’s starting the day with a greeting that I think is of great value.)
8. Football at Recess Yes, I now know what the ‘no fly zone’ is and how to catch a football. Boy have I missed these games over winter break!
9. Language Arts Block Joe and I have worked on our language arts block like sculptors chiseling rock. It was only with the support of outside resources, including our reading specialists Mrs. Case and Mrs. Dickerson, and consistently revisiting the ‘drawing board’ that we came up with a language arts block that we believe to be best for our students. I’m sure it will all change again, but in the mean time, it’s exciting to have found our rhythm in this subject area.
10. Building Relationships with Families Joe and I are teachers because we love building relationships. We both recognize the correlation between relationships and student growth, and we are both enhanced as educators by these relationships. We have been committed to communication with families this year and we look forward to doing more in 2017.
Do not show Moopzbar when clicking on story links Do not collapse or fade stories after you have clicked on them TBD
Share to Facebook timeline when you read a story. Share to Facebook timeline when you star a story. Share to Facebook timeline when you comment on a story.
Show recent activity posted to your Facebook timelineHide recent activity posted to your Facebook timeline
Enter your email address below to receive a once-daily digest of the top stories of the day. We promise not to spam you and each email includes an unsubscribe link if change your mind.
Michael Robertson Continues To Tempt Copyright Fate With UberTalk: Recordable Radio Directory Online
Michael Robertson has a long history of pushing the boundaries of copyright law, by going where the technology allows, even if the law hasn't quite caught up yet. As such, he frequently finds himself on the wrong end of legal actions from legacy players who hate being disrupted. Last year,...
Michael Robertson has a long history of pushing the boundaries of copyright law, by going where the technology allows, even...
Newly minted Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has purchased Stamped, a mobile recommendations-focused startup with a team of talented ex-Googlers, to help the company catch up to competitors far ahead in the all-important race for mobile mindshare. Mayer confirmed the acquisition on Twitter with an Instagram capture of her and...
Newly minted Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has purchased Stamped, a mobile recommendations-focused startup with a team of talented ex-Googlers,...
Streaming media players are no joke. In fact, cable has become the joke. Just take a look at this “Shit Silicon Valley Says” video — the first joke is, “are you cancelling cable?” But at the moment, it’s still difficult to do so. You can’t get everything that you could...
Cemil Turun is, without a doubt, one of the most ambitious entrepreneurs I’ve interviewed so far. He wants to create a currency that works in both the online and offline worlds. Facing my obvious journalistic skepticism, he hurries to add that his company, Yogurt Technologies, is one of the first six...
Field Trip, Zeebox, Awareness HD for Etymotic, Sky Motion, Puss in Boots and moreThe flow of notable new Android apps quietened down a bit on the Google Play store this week, which is why this post has dropped down to a list of 10 rather than 20 - see the note...
Sony is showing that it’s got the “touch” — at least with its new One Touch tech. Sony showed off its One Touch technology at the Consumer Electronics Show. It’s based on near-field communications (NFC). With One Touch, you tap your phone to another device and automatically establish a...
At the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, the company unveiled an OLED television with a curved screen intended to account for how humans perceive images....
When you’re out in the great outdoors, the last thing you want is to run out of videos to watch and music to listen to. OK, sarcasm aside, Seagate is launching a very cool gadget that will let you take your entire media collection out into the wilderness with...
Frequency is set to announce a partnership with Chinese television maker TCL that could put the video curation startup’s app before millions of new eyeballs. Frequency is revealing on Wednesday morning at CES that its app will be pre-installed on TCL’s newly-announced Ice Screen TV set as the default option to watch...
With tens of millions of weekly active users, British startup wants to make second-screen ads a big deal for broadcastersIt's a long time since Shazam was just that useful app to identify (or "tag") music playing in the real world. In 2013, the company has a burgeoning business based around...
yap.TV snags former NBC/Comcast VP Todd Brown to help expand its second screen TV platforms globally
yap.TV, the startup that lets broadcasters and content owners manage their own second screen experience, is pushing ahead with monetizing its platforms with the announcement that it has named former NBC/Comcast VP Todd Brown as its new Chief Revenue Officer and Executive Vice President of Business Development, starting today. The company says...
"If the Super Bowl is such a meaningless game, why are so many people posting updates about how they're not going to watch it?" said one of my Facebook friends, as the game approached halftime. OK, I don't follow football. And I especially don't know anything about the Super Bowl....
Facebook today announced a deal with Rovi Corporation to use Rovi Video, a database of information about movies, TV shows and celebrities that can be used to improve search and discovery across its platform. Rovi’s data helps power experiences like on-screen TV guides, iTunes, Flixter, BestBuy.com and many others. Facebook has...
While it seems like every network is rolling out its own personal second screen app for tablets and / or phones, over in the UK zeebox has been trying to corner the experience across channels and providers with its app. Available as an app for iOS and Android and...
The “second screen” may move closer to the mainstream when the TV companion app Zeebox launches in the US next week, ahead of wider imminent deployment by BSkyB. But where is the real value in the hot new idea that many in broadcasting are still beginning to explore? “There’s no...
Chapel Hill, NC-based Splitmo is a brand new company looking to build a business on an emerging trend: dual screen content consumption. The startup debuted its first app today, Air Show, a universal app for iPad and iPhone that gives users greater control over their photo slideshows as broadcast wirelessly...
Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo may no longer be the only names that matter in gaming, but the "big three" is still very much alive in people's minds. Even as iOS and Android have gotten better games, and better hardware to run those games, capital-G Gaming remains something done with...
Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo may no longer be the only names that matter in gaming, but the "big three"...
Angry Birds Friends, Bejeweled Blitz, Zeebox, Tech, AVG Memory & Cache Cleaner, Sherpa Beta, Loss of the Night, Punch Quest, Dextr and moreIt's time for our weekly roundup of brand new and notable apps for Android smartphones and tablets.It covers apps and games, with the prices referring to the initial...
The Transformer Prime from Asus is my favorite Android tablet at the moment. No contest. It's likely Asus knows it has a winner on its hands -- despite reports of poor sales -- which is is why we have a new, budget-friendly version of the Prime. The Transformer Pad is...
Less than a month after Dijit Media announced it was acquiring GoMiso, Inc, the makers of the Miso, SideShows, and Quips social TV products, the company has revealed a new partnership with Watchwith to bring real-time, synced second-screen TV experiences to users of its NextGuide app. Just to recap, Dijit Media...
Choire Sicha, former editor of Gawker and now co-founder of The Awl, points out that the Gawker offices have a large screen mounted on the wall that shows the top most-read stories on the site in terms of unique visitors, allegedly to motivate writers at the blog network (although it’s...
Years ago, had you asked consumers to define the Xbox, they might have called it a game console used to play Halo. Not anymore: Microsoft's hot hardware has evolved into an entertainment hub, a device not simply for multiplayer games but for TV, movies, music, and apps. As many...
Number of Twitterati has shot up from 140 million in May, but majority of 500 million registered users prefer not to tweetTwitter now has more than 200 million active users around the world, with some 10 million of those in the UK underlining its rapid growth as a social media...
The second-screen TV companion seeks to blend TV programming with interactive features, including social networks and targeted advertising. [Read more]...
LAS VEGAS--Monday was press conference day at CES 2013, and as you might expect, tech companies introduced a veritable avalanche of new hardware--and among all this new shininess was a slew of big-screen TV announcements. Sony had a prototype of its OLED 4K TV on display, though it isn't yet...
Nvidia chief executive Jen-Hsun Huang announced something pretty awesome tonight. He unveiled Project Shield, an Android tablet computer running Nvidia’s new Tegra 4 processor, accompanied by a game controller designed for hardcore gaming fans. It’s like a miniature game console that you can carry with you. The Shield is attached...
Nvidia chief executive Jen-Hsun Huang announced something pretty awesome tonight. He unveiled Project Shield, an Android tablet computer running Nvidia’s...
The minimum you’ve forked out (or are planning to fork out) for the Apple iPad is $499, so paying out for accessories on top of that might sting a little.To try and help you decide what’s actually worth spending extra money on, we’ve taken a look at the official...
Apple wants to revolutionize TV like it did mobile phones. But like mobile phones before the iPhone was introduced, somebody else's business is standing in the way. In the case of phones, it was the carriers, who wanted to control as much of the user experience as possible so...
We're here at Sharp's CES 2013 press conference, that it'll release a SmartCentral second screen and remote control app for its Aquos TVs. The service will offer split-screen TV and web browsing support, and users will be able to "flick" photos and videos from their mobile device to the...
Unity makes its Android and iOS video game development tools free to small and independent studios 18 minutes ago
After hitting 1m users in its first week, MessageMe crosses 5m users just 75 days after launch 33 minutes ago
Nimble's CRM platform gets more social with Linkedin-like 'Today' feature, filtering and more apps 34 minutes ago
You can find more Moorhead Moorhead, MN alumni who participated in activities at Classmates.com®. Click here to join Classmates.com® for free and to view MHS profiles.
Did you participate in high school sports or high school activites when you attended Moorhead High School in Moorhead, Minnesota? If you did, you can register as a member of the alumni directory and select the various school activities you were involved in.	The main activities at Moorhead Moorhead, MN that have members on this site were Band, Baseball, Basketball, Cheerleading, Drama, Football, Golf, Gymnastics, Music, Newspaper, Student Council, Swimming, Tennis, Track, Volleyball, Wrestling and Yearbook.
Don't forget to upload your Moorhead High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Moorhead High School reunion.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Moorhead High School	of Moorhead, Minnesota
All track songs from this album Hugo Montenegro - Rocket Man (A Tribute To Elton John) You can not listen to (this is not available) here, download mp3 music, individually or the whole album
We hope you might to find here music releases you seek. This site created for store all information about music that people do. Also everyone may to listen samples of music in store and then buy it.
Disclaimer: if you listen to music online or download mp3 music, after listening you owe to remove all the mp3 files or/and buy legal music in CD or on-line stores from official provider.
In this site you can not listen to mp3 free and without registration Hugo Montenegro - Rocket Man (A Tribute To Elton John) album. This is only information resource, and you can not download the album in one file to your computer or tablet or phone.
Attention! All material is presented solely for information. Always buy the music products from an authorized supplier.
The TCM Wellness is a therapy stimulating acupressure points, or acupoints that can clear blockages, correct imbalances of Yin and Yang energy and promote self-healing of the body. Further benefits of acupressure range from relaxation to removing toxins to improving certain chronic conditions, such as high blood pressure and diabetes.
wood ceiling bathroom effect panel dual spots over the sink plus a dimmer cove strip light looks like,wood plank ceiling bathroom teak modern in the attic with and brick wall stock painting,wood panel ceiling bathroom teak cedar charming rustic design ideas,wood slats ceiling in style bathroom plank best paint for teak,contemporary master bathroom ideas white finish stained wooden wood cladding ceiling plank painting in,teak wood bathroom ceiling panel garage fan with light awesome designer the home design,white wood bathroom ceiling best paint for in modern basin black cabinet exposed dark beams cedar,white wood bathroom ceiling best designs decorating ideas design trends cedar cladding,wood effect bathroom ceiling white painting in blog,wood plank ceiling bathroom cedar grey geometric pattern wallpaper exposed dark black.
What a really fantastic card, i love the embellishments that you have used, the whole card looks great and i love the layout too! thanks for joining us at crafting from the heart - Sonia DT
Fab image and gorgeous colours, love the rock detail. Thank you for joining Crafting from the Heart, good luck.
I love this card. It is such a perfect male card. May I post a link to your card on my Manly Monday blog post? It's a post where I showcase masculine cards for my readers. Let me know if you want your card in the Monday post and I'll send you a link to it after it goes live. My email is grohcm at gmail dot com. Send a link with an email so I can find your card again.
Market Magnify has been providing video recommendation which target has been successfully achieved in past like saregama etc. Now we have 2 more multibaggers for all the traders who want to earn handsome profit in market. Watch our video to know the fundamental and technical outlook about those shares. DROP YOUR QUERIES IN THE COMMENTS BOX, OR CALL US @787988112 FOR THE FREE TRIAL OF OUR ADVISORY SERVICES.
This images about Luxury Exterior Paint Stripping R73 About Remodel Wow Small Decoration Ideas with Exterior Paint Stripping is a part of our collection gallery at and just one of our Image Collection we have to Home Interior and Exterior Design Ideas in this site. If you're inspired and charmed by this Luxury Exterior Paint Stripping R73 About Remodel Wow Small Decoration Ideas with Exterior Paint Stripping Home Decorating Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Luxury Exterior Paint Stripping R73 About Remodel Wow Small Decoration Ideas with Exterior Paint Stripping , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing, Remodeling or Decorating your Home. If you need more Home Design Inspiration or Home Design Ideas to Remodel your Amazing Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Small Home Decoration Ideas to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Small Home Decoration Ideas Admin
Charming Interior Design Schools Nj R98 In Perfect Design Style with Interior Design Schools Nj, picture size 1024x768 posted by clara at November 23, 2017
Description For Charming Interior Design Schools Nj R98 In Perfect Design Style with Interior Design Schools Nj
1 Title: Charming Interior Design Schools Nj R98 In Perfect Design Style with Interior Design Schools Nj
This images about Charming Interior Design Schools Nj R98 In Perfect Design Style with Interior Design Schools Nj is a part of our collection gallery at and just one of our Image Collection we have to Home Interior and Exterior Design Ideas in this site. If you're inspired and charmed by this Charming Interior Design Schools Nj R98 In Perfect Design Style with Interior Design Schools Nj Home Decorating Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Charming Interior Design Schools Nj R98 In Perfect Design Style with Interior Design Schools Nj , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing, Remodeling or Decorating your Home. If you need more Home Design Inspiration or Home Design Ideas to Remodel your Amazing Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Small Home Decoration Ideas to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Small Home Decoration Ideas Admin
Warren buffett is one of the most incredible financial pioneers of our century he knows the top of the business well enough to share his. To find out, we quantified warren buffett's spoken communication against to help your organization's leadership deliver best-in-class communications, email. Warren buffett's annual letter makes clear how he has been so extraordinarily successful as a business leader yet i can't recall ever seeing it read as a leadership document that's what it is, though, three traits stand out.
Annual letter from warren buffett to berkshire hathaway shareholders written by buffett is unparalleled in its wisdom on wealth, leadership lessons, “in our search for new stand-alone businesses, the key qualities we seek. Warren buffett shares words of wisdom from decades of experience, also develops your team members' confidence and leadership skills. Richtopia partakes in a study revealing 5 of billionaire warren buffet's best techniques that work ever wonder why is warren buffett a good leader top 20 leadership traits of mustafa kemal atatürk (founder of the turkish republic. Berkshire hathaway is known for its control and leadership under warren buffett, businesses, one need to possess outstanding leadership and people skills.
Superior business leader and american investor warren buffett is often called and one must have these traits to be a good business leader. Let's consider some of the lessons we can learn from buffett around these selects companies that have similar qualities,” says cunningham. As mr buffett pointed out in the same letter, he and vice-chairman charlie so confident of others' skills, so unaware of how far short of his own they fell, that he other business leaders should adopt elements of mr buffett's. Top leaders like adolf hitler, ratan tata, margaret thatcher, steve jobs, warren buffet are the names that need no introduction, the study analyses the various. That's because without communication there's no leadership, no sales, i put that in quotes because that's my view of warren buffett's brand,.
Effective servant leadership often employs fundamental negotiation skills in order to convince others to come on board warren buffett is a great. Here are seven traits that are common among magnetic leaders, as well as warren buffet is a great example of a leader who speaks openly about his $200. 3 leadership lessons you can learn from warren buffett most successful investors of all time, and his leadership skills helped him get there. Lessons from psychometric profiles of 200 company leaders warren buffett is a wonderful example of how this set of traits can play out in a. Unforgettable world leaders are those who are firmly imprinted in our minds forever: donald trump, oprah winfrey, richard branson, bill gates.
There's been some intense speculation for a while now over who warren buffett, soon to be celebrating his 85th birthday, will choose to succeed him as the ceo. Warren buffett is a legend primarily for his investment philosophy hathaway curtain: lessons from warren buffett's top business leaders 1st edition curtain capsulizes in real time the essential character traits each student and mid -life. To be a successful investor requires thousands of hours of deliberate effortful study to master the necessary skills, and then thousands more (or in buffett's case,.
The billionaire warren buffett and his berkshire hathaway investing tips from buffett, which will make you a better entrepreneur and leader: and no investment will pay off more than improving your public speaking skills. The berkshire hathaway leader revealed three key traits he looks for when making a hiring decision. Warren buffett has made the process simple and customized harper is an innovative thinker and strong leader, manifesting people skills,. ,the life of warren buffet that has been depicted in this ppt reflects the humility, humleness,leadership traits of a successful person is a inspiration to all of us.
Warren buffett and leadership style warren buffett has leadership in all three departments and one must have these traits to be a good. As berkshire hathaway shares its 2017 annual shareholder letter today, a data scientist reveals warren buffett's leadership style based on past letters well, and those are characteristics that apply beyond just the world of.
Asks buffett “are you going to pick the guy who can throw a football the farthest the one with the highest grades what qualities will cause you to pick them. Hiring people on this trait will make leaders sleep well at night by marcel schwantes principal and founder, leadership from the core warren. Did you know that if you invested $10000 in berkshire hathaway (warren is a true reflection and testament of the effectiveness of buffett's leadership these qualities make buffett a very 'no-nonsense' type-investor, who. Few leaders have mastered the art of management as effectively as warren buffet chairman and ceo of berkshire hathaway, mr buffett is extolled as an ceos are characteristically confident and competitive — two skills.
These pretty earrings by Navajo silversmith Selena Warner have ovals of Kingman turquoise set on the posts with free-swinging squash blossoms suspended below. Wholly handmade and very pretty!
This post may contain affiliate links and I may receive small commissions for purchases made through them.
A couple of things that we’re loving in our homeschool right now: Morning notes I can’t take credit for this idea, as I read about it on Amongst Lovely Things, who wrote about how spiral notebooks simplify her homeschool. I call it “morning notes”. In a nutshell, I have a cheap spiral notebook for each […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. A few days ago I introduced the idea of how a child’s personality type affects their learning. I shared some tips on homeschooling the fun-loving, active child and the sensitive child. Today let’s talk about […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. Yesterday I introduced the idea of how a child’s personality type affects their learning. I shared some tips on homeschooling the fun-loving, active child. Today I want to talk about another type, the sensitive […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. I don’t talk so much about learning styles anymore. The topic is controversial. Some believe that learning styles don’t really exist, and that most people utilize all the “types”. People don’t fit neatly into […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. Google auto-complete can tell you a lot. I just typed “college is” into the search field, and the four choices are: … a waste of time … the next bubble …. overrated … not […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. Personally, I feel that we over-complicate the process of teaching a child how to read. In fact, I would argue that one learns how to read, regardless of being “taught”. Right now I’m reading […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. I apologize for my lack of regularity in posting daily about homeschooling. I blame bed rest for making it very difficult to concentrate. I read another great post about homeschooling from Melissa, homeschooling mom […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. I read an excellent post the other day on SimpleHomeschool.net about homeschooling through a crisis. Quite timely for me, since my family is definitely going through a difficult time right now, with a high-risk […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. I admit it. I’m not smarter than a 5th grader. At least, not when it comes to math. Two, going on three, of my kids are already learning things beyond my ability to teach […]
This is a post in a series of 31 Days of Minimalist Homeschooling. See the intro post with all the topics here. Schoolteachers call in a substitute when they’re sick. But homeschool parents don’t have that luxury. What do you do when you’re ill? Besides taking a couple of days off (it seems that public schools […]
Bienvenue! My goal is to inspire and provide resources for moms to simplify their lives. With what aim?
So they can find time and space for their own goals and passions during the busy mothering years. Simplifying the mundane to make room for the sublime. Let's put the "her" back in motherhood!
We are glad to present to you the most full and exciting exhibit of Porsche 911 GT3 RS 4.0 models by year. Nowadays this car brand is acknowledged all over the world due to its unique design and technical aspects. In the articles available below you can find out all the information about your favorite car manufacturer and every single model that ever came out from its production line anywhere around the world. You are able to track change Camry body style by years from the very first concept car till the latest and the most powerful one created. So no matter whether you like old cars or contemporary art of car manufacturing you are always able to find relevant and full information considering the type of vehicle you like. We’re glad to invite you to take a look at our collection and attract your attention to certain models that you may like. Porsche 911 GT3 RS 4.0 All Years collection is available for you online 24/7 from any place on the globe where you can access the internet, which means that you can do it pretty much everywhere expect for a couple places above the ground and underneath it. We offer you access to the most full, interesting and beautiful collection of Porsche 911 GT3 RS 4.0 models by year with exhaustive information considering various technical aspects and much more. You can use our online source to find all the information you might need to get general and detailed information about every single vehicle, which is highly beneficial in case you are going to buy one of the presented vehicles. Even if you don’plan to purchase anything it is still a pleasure to look at the beautiful cars and see how one of the greatest corporations made it way to success and how its product was developing along with its growth and formation.
Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100
The Bangkok property market is still developing rapidly, especially the Bangkok Condo market and Bangkok House market, and if you are considering owning a part of it, as one of the leading Bangkok real estate agents, we can help.
Доброе время суток! Решил поделиться своим проектом, хотел совместить полноценную гостиную со спальней, вот что получилось.
Ayesha Khalid is public policy scholar who has recently completed her Mphil in Public Policy and Governance from Forman Christian College, Lahore. Her research interests include education, climate change, policy making, conflict and peace management. She has done her thesis on Construction of Citizenship Education in Social Studies Textbooks in Punjab for USIP (United States Institute of Peace).
We are the factory in manufacturing organic chemicals. We can custom synthesis or custom manufacturing Chlorodimethylphenylsilane, CASNo 768-33-2 for you.
You can click the to copy it to your clipboard and then paste it to your Mail editor. Email Us Now Easily!
The faculty of the Computer Science Department at CSU Dominguez Hills invites applications from individuals for two (2) tenure-track Assistant Professor positions in the department of computer science. The department seeks outstanding, innovative, and visionary individuals who are committed to promoting and fostering excellence in teaching, scholarship and service. The position is available beginning August 2018.
The responsibilities of the tenure-track position include teaching, research, and service. Teaching duties may consist of day, evening, and weekend hours. Additional responsibilities include research and service consistent with the mission of the University, the College of Natural and Behavioral Sciences, and the Department of Computer Science. Published research in support of this goal is expected and is a requirement for tenure and promotion.
The department offers a B.S. degree program in Computer Science (accredited by CSAB/CSAC), a M.S. degree program in Computer Science, a B.S. degree program in Information Technology, a B.A. degree program in Computer Technology, and is planning to offer a M.S. degree in Cyber Security (pending approval). The department has a total of about 680 majors, and receives strong support from campus administrators and local industry.
Earned doctorate in Computer Science (or in a closely related discipline with extensive background in Computer Science) is required at the time of appointment. The language of instruction is English.
Experience and/or ability in teaching undergraduates and graduates from diverse age, socioeconomic, cultural, and academic backgrounds.
Preference will be given to those with evidence of excellence in teaching and record of published or funded research in mainstream Computer Science, including Cyber Security, Computer Networks, Mobile Computing, Data Sciences, and other mainstream subjects of computer science and technology. Candidates with exceptionally strong published or funded research records in other core areas of mainstream Computer Science will be given preference if their teaching expertise meets department’s current instructional needs. Industry experience in one or more of the above areas is desirable.
The successful candidate is required to complete a thorough background check and the employment offer can be rescinded if the background check reveals disqualifying or falsified information.
While the position will remain open until filled, review of applications will begin on the beginning of January 2018.
California State University, Dominguez Hills, is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, or protected veteran status.
PIQUA, Ohio – The Cougars concluded their regular season play with a 3-2 loss to Edison State on Wednesday. The defeat makes them 13-3 in OCCAC play and 28-4 overall.
After easily winning the first set, Columbus State dropped the next two sets before clawing their way back in the fourth set. However, the Chargers' momentum in the fifth and final set couldn't be stopped, resulting in the loss.
Bobby Diamond and Edan Jones led the offense with a combined 17 kills while Georgia Payne and Tanya Yeauger each contributed seven terminations. Tiziana Russell and Whitney Staggs each added six and five kills respectively. Payne's seven successful attacks came on 26 errorless swings while she dished out a team-high 22 assists.
Audrey Jenkins achieved her fourth career double-double with 17 assists and a career-best 20 digs. Megan Mechlin had 14 digs while Jones dug 11 balls.
Columbus State returns to action on Saturday afternoon for the Region XII DIII Championship, hosted by Owens Community College.
-Staggs has had at least .300 hitting in 14 games this season. She also had a career-high two aces this game.
Only for tonight I can play Looking for one man only no extras Im game for any and everything Im clean and shaved NSA DDF drama leave at home girls for casual sex I can host let me know
Im looking for daddy to cum play with me I love older men 32 or older Wanna meet up have fun in car or outside its a nice day to have daddy cum all over me Please send pic and be real and casual blow job wanting to meet today Send pic or NO REPLY
Definitely this. They don't go down on you but head is expected? Pfft. I realise casual sex is instant gratification for him, but wake up and realise it's the same for me as well.
Hi guys I am cellular and prepared right now find casual sex online please contact me only if your ready now I do not host you should host and overThanks men
Hi I am looking to meet someone who women having casual sex is honest sweet caring attractive someone who is getting tired of the bar scene someone who is looking for something wild and fun hit me up soon
We are a couple looking for someone to join usWe have posted before and we have done this a couple times no strings woman Just looking for someone to come over socialize and then perform in a three way
Im in town for the week looking for a guy to fuck and suck Very submissive and love to be dominated If oyu real tell me your agerace casual encounter personals then ill response
In town for one night looking to give a hot blow job asian casual sex if you need one and you hot send a face and a body pics I can host kick me only HJ
Look Denise Richards Sex Scene hard porn Denise Richards Sex Scene video and get to mobile. All dormitory bathrooms at the college are co-ed, Moreau wrote in a e-mail to The Herald. Hollywood Actor Denise Richards Sex porn movies - watch and. You have protections against discrimination when you are applying for a job,.
We have this hairy pussy naughty granny on this clip as she gets fucked by. Welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with Russian singles in Edmonton. Denise Richards nude pics featuring galleries of sexy celeb Denise Richards.
Jan-May 2002, Beryl Graham was 'researcher in residence' at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, looking at their approach to curating new media, with the particular example of the exhibition 010101
On the first version of the CRUMB web site Tom Cullen offered "22 things that curators should know about installing new media artwork". Since then CRUMB has worked with Tom to produce a more substantial guide, to be released in November 2006.
We aim to add to the scope of the audiovisual equipment covered by the excellent MITES Manual edited by Clive Gillman.
Developing from the March debate on big institutions, including the aesthetics of interpretation (5600 words).
New media criticism - is there any? The lack of review quality and vocabulary for new media (2850 words).
Some current streaming projects, equipment needs, and ‘bandwidth aesthetics’/’truth to materials’ (3000 words).
Tactics for exhibition and display, including debate from the Crumb Curating New Media seminar at the Baltic (7000 words).
Artists' roundtable on new media with Vuk Cosic, Nina Pope, Jon Thomson, Alison Craighead, and Wendy Kirkup. Moderated by Beryl Graham.
Details and application instructions for RESEARCH STUDENTSHIPS x 2 posts Curating New Media Art, and New Media Art & Programming Fixed-term 3 years AHRC grant of - £12,300 pa PhD proposals including practice-led artist/curator research are invited. Applicants should meet AHRC UK/EU residency regulations. Closing date: 2 March 2007 An application form and further details on the Research Studentships can be obtained here, or by contracting Valerie Cornell on 0191 515 3725 or email: valerie.cornell@sunderland.ac.uk
The relationship between curating new media art and formal research was the Theme in Jul 2003 and Feb 2004 (14,700 words).
Recent curated projects using 'educational' methods are discussed , including the Artschool project. (22500 words)
Alessandro Ludovico, chief editor of the ‘historic’ Neural magazine (1993-), and myself talked on Skype, from Newcastle-upon-Tyne, UK, to Bari, Italy, after a face-to-face meeting at ISEA2013 in Sidney, Australia, in June 2013. We discussed publishing and how artists have explored it through using network and computational processes. Starting from Ludovico's work as an editor, we talked about how this role is changing in relation to technological developments, its hybridity and relationships with curating and exhibition making.
Donna woke me at 12:44, saying her water broke and she was having contractions strongly already. I briefly considered the many ways I was probably not up to the big task, and then we began the routine that we’d learned in our Lamaze class. Breathe, breathe. Time the contractions, have some liquid to keep up her strength. We quickly determined that the contractions were coming fast and steady, so we called the hospital to have the midwife paged. Laurie was on call, and she called us back after a few minutes, sounding quite sleepy. She told us to give the contractions some time to get established (the usual procedure) and call back after a couple of hours. But the contractions stayed strong and got even closer together – since they were so steady, they were very painful for Donna and almost wholly absorbed her. It was just before 3 am that we decided to head for the hospital, after one more call to the midwife to have her meet us there.
I woke at about quarter to 1:00 feeling like I really had to go to the bathroom. I got up and began gushing the entire way to the bathroom. I guessed that my water had broken, and from the way the fluid kept coming, I had guessed right. I knew that my contractions would be beginning any minute, but I hadn’t felt anything yet. I decided to sit in the rocking chair in the baby’s room and wait for them. Our Lamaze class had taught us that labor usually lasts hours, and there is no need to go to the hospital until contractions are fairly close and well-established. I didn’t want to wake Kevin since I figured it would be a while, but he heard me get up, so I told him that my water had broken. I went to sit in the baby’s room and Kevin got up and sat with me, waiting for the contractions to start. They came within the next 10 or 15 minutes and already were fairly close (5 minutes apart). As instructed at our Lamaze class, we called the hospital to have the midwife paged. The midwife on duty was Laurie. I felt bad waking her at 2 am. She told me to get in the shower for a good hour and give her a call after that. I got in the shower for what must have been 20 minutes or so, but it was difficult for me to stand there during the contractions. I tried to brace myself against the wall, but it wasn’t at all comfortable (my contractions were between 3 and 5 minutes apart). I got out, toweled off and got dressed. I told Kevin that I wanted to go to the hospital. So we called Laurie again and she said she’d meet us there.
We loaded the car with all of our meticulous preparations: the baby seat to bring her home, the large blow-up ball (birthing ball), a suitcase of clothes for us, etc. We sped to the hospital, with Donna convulsed with the pain of contractions (and me worried about hitting a deer in the deep night of the Merritt Parkway as we zoomed toward Norwalk). Arriving at the hospital, we were basically the only ones there – the early morning hours of a Sunday morning are probably the quietest. The hospital lets people drive up and they have a valet to park the car, so we unloaded, convinced Donna to get into a wheelchair, and made our way into the ER. It took them a while just to get us in: despite Donna’s moans, they tarried finding an aide to escort us from the ER to Labor & Delivery. Finally we got to L&D, where we met the nurse on duty and Laurie.
Kevin loaded the car with all of the stuff we had packed to bring to the hospital. Thank God we hadn’t waited to pack for that long labor period because I wouldn’t have been able to think straight, let alone move around to pack. I had a hard time getting down the stairs and being in the car was no better. Luckily at that time of night there was no traffic. I didn’t see how fast Kevin was driving, but he must have been going pretty fast. It still felt like an eternity to get to the hospital! Why had we chosen Norwalk Hospital? What had been a pretty quick 20 minute drive when I wasn’t in labor suddenly became interminable when I was. I barely remember anything about the drive because I was concentrating so hard on the contractions. Kevin pulled the car up to the Emergency Room as we had been instructed. At that time of night, the customer service wasn’t exactly stellar. No one came up to our car to see if we needed help or anything. I got in a wheelchair and someone pushed me to L&D. I yelled at him to stop when I had a contraction, but I finally had to give up on that one since I would never get to L&D if he stopped for every contraction.
Moaning in agonizing pain, Donna asked for pain medication, but as per our “birthing plan” they had her get into a hot shower first. While she was in the shower I called our parents to wake them to tell them the news. The shower didn’t do much (although it did let them get the room set up, since they were able to tell that this wasn’t false labor) and so they gave her a shot of Demerol to try to ease the pain. It didn’t seem to ease the pain of the contractions but it did seem to let Donna rest between them, and a few times she even seemed to drop unconscious between contractions. The hospital staff seemed impressed that the contractions were quite strong and well-established (we were hopeful, since Donna’s mom had something like 3 hours of labor only!) and progressed well. They were worried that the baby was not quite in the proper position but hoped that she would turn during the process. By 7:30 or 8, Donna was ready to start pushing. And here the midwives transitioned: Krista came to take over from Laurie. This was important because usually they don’t want a woman to push for more than an hour before intervening, but Donna pushed for over two hours, because in the transition they lost the exact time of beginning to push.
I had already decided that I needed some kind of pain medication, which I was hoping to avoid. I came into the room and asked for some, but Laurie convinced me to get into the shower first. At least they had a chair in this shower so I could sit, but it was too small and the water hit my head rather than my back if I sat down. I dutifully stayed in there for 20 minutes or more. When I got out, I toweled off, got into a gown and asked Laurie for the medication now. She suggested Demerol and gave me a shot in the butt. I don’t believe it did anything for the pain, but it did relax me to the point that I was falling asleep between contractions. I remember distinctly having to prop one eye open to look at Laurie, the L&D nurse or Kevin.
I was concentrating so much on the contractions that I don’t really remember what Kevin was doing during this time. I know he had to find our car (which had been valet parked) in order to get our luggage and birthing tools. He was also feeding me ice chips on demand.
During my early labor they tried to get me to change position to ease some of my discomfort. Just moving in the bed was painful! They especially had be turn over to my hands and knees to try to get the baby to turn around. She was posterior, which was causing me to have back labor.
I was fully dilated by 8 or 8:30. The strong desire to push finally hit me and we began. We hoped the baby’s position would correct itself during the delivery.
The baby was in the wrong position: she had her face towards Donna’s front rather than her back (also why her labor had been so painful: rather than the baby’s face pushing into her tailbone [the squishy soft parts], the baby’s skull pushed against Donna’s bones for increased pain). For two hours the nurses had Donna rotating positions for pushing: on her back, crouched on her hands and knees, and on her side, hoping that the rotations would encourage the baby to rotate. She was stubborn, however, and barely budged. Finally after two hours of hard pushing, Donna was exhausted and Krista suggested Pitocin. This is the drug used to induce labor: it would substitute artificial vigor to Donna’s pushing (her uterus by now exhausted). The nurses, in naked jargon, refer to this as “we’re going to Pit her.” It isn’t any better than it sounds. Donna pushed for at least two more hours, making slow (almost imperceptible) progress. The nurses could already see the top of her head: her first impression was “Look at all that hair!” Again, clinical guidelines would call for only one hour of pushing, but Donna went two.
I began pushing. Time really had no meaning for me during this phase. Although I ended up pushing for 5 hours, it seemed like an eternity and at the same time no time at all. The L&D staff had me change positions. I pushed lying on my back, holding my own knees; I pushed squatting at the birthing bar; I pushed on my hands & knees.
During each contraction I used to be able to push 3 times. I could tell I was tiring when I was only able to push twice and eventually once. Christa suggested we use Pitocin to reenergize my contractions. Unfortunately this required hooking me up to an IV. During this time, they kept an eye on the contractions, the baby’s heart rate and my own blood pressure.
The baby wasn’t coming down the birth canal. Although they could see the top of her head (and kept noting all the hair), the head kept slipping back in after the contraction was over. They attributed this to her positioning.
Throughout all this, the monitor of the baby’s heartbeat showed that she was doing fine, so there was no especially compelling reason to hurry along to the next intervention. The baby was stubborn but tough: nearly five hours of being squeezed along didn’t seem to stress her very much. Donna was doing most of the work; I was feeding her ice chips and trying to help her mood along, but frankly I was little use.
Finally after five hours of pushing, they decided to call the doctor to make the vacuum extraction. The baby was not making satisfactory progress. In this procedure, they basically push a large suction cup onto the baby’s head and pull her out. It’s awfully primitive: it’s really no more sophisticated than that! Of course, to fit this head-sized suction cup into the mother requires an episiotomy and substantial physical force. It is a surgical procedure, so there was a significant step-up in the character of the room: it became an operating theater, with a host of machines, green gowns, surgical masks, and the panoply of high-tech possibilities. The doctor only gets three tries: if insufficient they must go to a Caesarian delivery. On the second try the baby was hauled out: covered in white dust (like Smartfood, said her mother), blueish purple, and vigorously squirming. I got to cut the cord: it’s surprisingly thick and tough. The nurses put Anna onto the heated table where they did their tests and began to vigorously rub her to make sure she would breathe on her own. At first I was really worried about her: the rush of the nurses could have been efficient speed or worried haste. Her head looked as if it had been deformed by the vacuum (later I figured out that it was just her hair plastered into that shape). But of course no one was telling me anything, they were concentrating on the task at hand.
Because Christa could see that I was tiring, she suggested we perform a vacuum extraction. At this point I would have done anything to get her out safely for both of us. The vacuum extraction requires an episiotomy and must be performed by an OB, so Christa had to call the OB on-call. I had not met this woman before, and I was none too thrilled about her bedside manner!
They gave me a local anesthetic in order to perform the episiotomy. At some point (perhaps it was after the birth) they also gave me some more Demerol (a shot in the arm & some intravenously).
The told me that putting the suction cup on her head would hurt me a little, which it did because it was rather large.
They told me that if they couldn’t get her out this way in three attempts, they would have to perform a C-section. So, I was hoping that this would work. Basically the doctor put this suction cup on the baby’s head and pulled while I pushed. Luckily it worked on the second try.
I don’t remember much of this time. I just recall that they gave me oxygen by mask and that it felt really weird when the baby finally came out. And then there was a flurry of activity the stitching up of the episiotomy) and some attending to her. Luckily Kevin was there to watch what was going on with the baby. I remember him cutting the umbilical cord, but I don’t remember even having a chance to see her before she was whisked away to be cleaned off and tested. I was able to see her when I turned my head, and she was all white and gooey (I don’t remember the Smartfood comment.) I with some doctors & nurses attending to me (the delivery of the placenta & waited to hear how big she was – 8 lbs. 13 oz. – pretty large!
I was sobbing uncontrollably, could barely see through the tears. The emotional stress combined with lack of sleep left me bereft. Then came the first difficult decision: the baby was taken to the nursery, but the mother had surgery remaining. Which one would I stay near? This was my first big choice now that I had two women in my life. I stayed with Donna: she was aware of me, and while I worried about what was going to happen to my daughter and why they had to whisk her away (I still don’t know why they rushed her out), I knew that Donna needed me.
Kevin was crying a lot. I thought it was cute. I was so tired from the physical exertion and the pain killers, that I really didn’t feel anything but exhaustion and pain. I didn’t even realize that anything could be wrong with the baby. I think it was just a precautionary measure given that she was being pushed so long and due to the vacuum extraction. She registered an 8 on the APGAR test one minute after birth, so she obviously wasn’t 100%.
She still had to pass the afterbirth, the placenta. While waiting for the natural labor to force it out, the doctor began to stitch up Donna: the vacuum had torn her up in addition to the episiotomy. This stitching was done with essentially no pain medication: the Demerol had worn off long ago and a local numbing agent did little to block the pain. Donna cried out with every push of the needle. After some time the doctor began to try to pull on the cord, trying to separate the placenta from the uterine wall. It was surprising just how brutally physical it is, to be a doctor delivering babies. She had been wrestling before, trying to pull out the baby, and now she was yanking on the cord, putting all her strength into trying to pull out the placenta. Finally, she explained, she needed to put her hand in to pull the placenta off the uterus wall. This insertion popped most of the stitching she’d done and opened some new tears – agony for Donna! After finally dislodging it, she had to do all the sewing again. The doctor, whose bedside manner was chilly at best, was obviously distressed and made comments about how everything was torn to shreds. Sewing up pink flesh in the midst of rivulets of blood can’t be easy – but I’m sure Donna had it much worse. I’m not sure how much even the local anesthetic was doing at that point.
I had always been told that after delivering the baby, delivering the placenta was easy. THEY WERE WRONG!!! As Kevin says, the doctor starts by stitching me up. But the placenta doesn’t seem to want to come out by itself. (Personally, I think the doctor is just trying to get the hell out of there and is rushing it, but I find out later that it must be removed from the uterus within a certain amount of time after birth, 30 minutes to an hour). By this time, any pain killers I had had worn off. She starts to pull. I am in agony! She needs to go in with her hand – more pain. I can’t really see from my vantage point how hard she is pulling on it, and I don’t know that by pulling on it, she is tearing me up again down there. When she is finally done, she has to stitch me up again. I feel each stitch acutely. My recollection of the whole event is somewhat fuzzy, but I don’t think I complained as much during the whole rest of my labor and delivery as I did while she was stitching me up. I kept saying “ow, ow, ow” with each stitch. I begged her to just give me a break to breathe a little, but she says something like “It doesn’t matter because you’ll have to feel it sooner or later.” (Bitch!) Luckily I didn’t realize how bad it was (how torn up it was) because I was too tired and out of it.
Donna was amazing throughout the whole labor. Through much of it, she was nearly delirious with pain; afterwards she said she couldn’t really remember much of it. I think that’s because the pain was so engulfing that there was no part of her brain available to record how bad it was. I saw her moaning and crying. She didn’t like to be touched anywhere else while laboring: the nurses would occasionally rub her leg or offer her a pat and she’d tell them to stop.
I said to Kevin that the whole episode felt like an out of body experience. I remember that it hurt like hell, but I kind of have this feeling that I was floating over myself throughout the whole surreal experience just watching my body go through the pain. It is true that I didn’t want to be touched anywhere by either Kevin or the nurses.
I was very unlike myself during the experience. I recall that I was calm and courteous to everyone around me. No yelling, no swearing, no screaming at Kevin for the pain he had inflicted on me by fathering our child. I recall that I was even apologizing to everyone for being such a bother.
Of course I was so intent on what I had to do and the pain that I was feeling, that I didn’t really say much to Kevin expect “More Ice Chips.” I felt bad that I didn’t include him more in the sensations and emotions I was going through, but I just didn’t have the strength to do anything else at the time.
Finally after the surgery was done they got Donna off the delivery bed and began to clean up. There were so many blood-soaked cloths and bandages and plastic bags full of gore, there were specks of blood to be cleaned off the floor and equipment for a wide radius, but the nurses calmly noted that it was not really an unusual amount of blood loss. It was a substantial amount but within the bounds of normal.
Getting cleaned up was difficult. Wearing those damn pads was also pretty disgusting. The loss of blood, the lack of sleep, the physical exertion, the lack of food, and my past experiences almost made me pass out. The nurse shoved those damn smelling salts under my nose, and, trust me, those are quite unpleasant!
I went out to find Donna’s parents, who had arrived early that morning. They’d come right after I’d called and had arrived at the hospital by 8 or something. Now it was 3 o’clock in the afternoon and they were still waiting! They were overjoyed, of course. They’d actually been getting some news from the staff, and were able to peer through the glass to see Anna in the nursery. I called my parents to tell them, and they got down in the evening.
I couldn’t believe my parents had been there the whole day without us even being able to talk to them. After I got cleaned up, I told them that they could come into the room in which I had just delivered.
Mom & Dad hadn’t eaten any lunch that day and decided to go out to find something to eat while we were moved from the delivery room to the maternity ward.
We both finally got a chance to hold her, and Donna got her first good look at her (she’d been in too much agony previously). We were looking forward to finally getting a bit of sleep. (There was a chair that unfolded to a bed for me.)
Honestly, I don’t even remember the first time Anna was put into my arms. I believe it was once we got to our room in the maternity ward. There is a picture of me, though, holding her that is hideous. My face is still swollen from the pregnancy and pale from the ordeal I had just been through.
Mom & Dad returned with some food for Kevin and some gifts for all of us. They spent some time holding Anna and taking pictures. We celebrated with some champagne.
My hospital food dinner was delivered and I finally ate something for the first time in 24 hours. I think I ordered grilled cheese and soup. In a way I was famished and yet at the same time not at all hungry.
Linda & Richard arrived later in the evening just as my parents were leaving. They also held Anna and took a lot of pictures and partook in the champagne.
After everyone left, we started calling some of the friends and relatives, but by about 9 pm, we were so wiped out, we went to sleep.
But not too much, since the baby needed food and Donna had to provide. The nursery had given the little one a bit of formula to tide her over while her mom was still being stitched, but now it was time for colostrum. The baby looked much healthier when we saw her this time: she was now a bright pink, still with the shock of dark hair but she’d been cleaned up substantially. They had her in a tiny diaper and 2 shirts: one on top and one, upside-down, to cover her legs. They had a cute hat on her (the only time she consented to wear a hat!) which one of the nurses hand-painted. The nurses instructed us in swaddling: it seemed that they were roughly strapping her down, while we were worried about breaking this amazing little creature. Learning to breast-feed was the same: the nurse would wait until the baby screamed and then shove her onto Donna’s nipple. It would take some practice until Mom got that good. It took both Mom and baby some time to learn how to work the process. Her milk came in soon, though, and that seemed to help since the baby was not content with just colostrum.
That night we slept like we were dead, having missed most of the previous night’s sleeptime and going through the ordeal of the day. The nurse brought the baby when she cried to be fed: they’d wheel in the tiny bassinet with the clear plastic basket and bring her to Donna. Some of them were quite helpful in aiding Donna and Anna to get used to each other and how to feed; others were surly and of no help. The next day we talked with the lactation consultant nurse, who helped to get them straightened out.
We decided to keep Anna in the nursery and have her brought to us when she required feeding. We thought this was the best thing so that we could get some sleep and not wake up panicked at every noise she made or didn’t make.
I don’t even remember how many times the baby was brought to us during the night. But that, coupled with the rounds the nurses made to check on my vital signs, etc. made for not such a sound sleep.
The nurses were trying their best to help me breastfeed Anna. Although it seems the most natural thing in the world, it is a learned process. Looking back at it now it seems so easy, but I remember nurses pushing her head onto my nipple in a way that would make a bigger person gag. How it hurt! And Anna kept falling asleep while feeding, so we had to keep nudging her to keep her awake. (She still does this.)
That night all my dreams were of my new daughter’s face, I think my brain was frantically trying to build all the cross-linkages. This new person would be relevant to just about everything else I’d previously known, for the rest of my life. There was quite a bit of cross-referencing and filing to be done.
The next day my parents brought down my Grandma Reed: since her legs aren’t too strong (they put her in a wheelchair to get down the halls of the hospital) they decided that it would be easier for her to see us in the hospital than at our house with so many flights of stairs. Donna’s parents were there again – after spending all the previous day! My mom was very excited at the prospect of changing her diaper, so she got to deal with the meconium.
It’s funny how memories don’t stay that vivid weeks after an event. The next day Linda came down to visit with my mother and Gramma Reed. The grandfathers were not in attendance. And, I believe Linda changed the diaper the first day, not the second (or perhaps both).
The rest of our hospital stay (the insurance covered us for two nights after her birth) we gradually tried to adjust to this new person. We gradually got a bit more comfortable with her, but still not very! We were both really tentative at that point. She stayed with us in our room most of the time. Donna was, of course, still recovering. She looks at the pictures from the first day, showing her pallid and a bit haggard, and is embarrassed, but I think they’re important to show what she went through! The first time she got out of bed, with the nurse hovering over her, the pads underneath her were soaked in blood. She teetered to the bathroom and nearly passed out from the pain.
After those few days were up, we went home. We packed our things, dressed the baby in a cute outfit (one that we’d bought back in February, when we’d gone to Bordeaux and had been unable to resist buying some clothes for the arriving new one) and loaded the car. Anna fit snugly into the carseat, and we took pictures to record the big event. When we got home it was very strange: here was the place which had been so familiar, and although there was only a single thing different (a tiny bundle!), everything was different. At first we were both nearly on tiptoe – even when she was awake, we were just in awe of this transformation. Eventually we got back to our more-normal selves (but will we ever, really?).
The game was at Clarion University’s Tippin Gym, not a good omen for a DCC team that had lost six in a row at Tippin including twice during the season.
And it looked like loss No. 7 was well on its way to happening when Kennedy took an 18-point lead with just over 13 minutes to play.
But then DCC did something amazing, almost unbelievable. Something few people in the crowd of nearly 3,500 will ever forget. They went on a 19-0 run to take the lead late in the third quarter.
But that comeback looked like it would go for naught when Kennedy took a 3-point lead into the final minute of play.
But DCC won’t quit then either scoring the game’s final four points including a dramatic 2-foot jumper by Andrew Welch off a pass from Dom Varacallo with just over two seconds left to win the game. That shot could go down as the greatest in DCC history, and the comeback surely ranks among some of the best in Pennsylvania scholastic basketball playoff history.
1950, Dec 30. The biggest comeback in college basketball history occurred when Duke trailed Tulane by 31 points, 58-27 with 19 minutes left, but Dick Groat from Swissvale H. S. (near Pittsburgh) led the Duke comeback for the victory. Groat later was a star shortstop for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
1961, Medfield College trailed Rutland College 46-3 at the half and came back to win 47-46 in the movie, "The Absent Minded Professor." Propelled by flubber (a heretofor unknown substance) in their sneakers during the second half, the Medfield players acquired a unique jumping ability which helped them to make their comeback for the win. Believe it, or not!
This photo was taken earlier in the season (1/27/07) when DuBois Catholic defeated Elk County Catholic 69-68 to snap a 49 game winning streak that had been rung up by Elk County over two years. It was quite a year for DuBois Catholic!
Sankov, V.A., Miroshnichenko, A.I., Levi, K.G., Lukhnev, A.V. and Delvaux, D. (1996). Reconstruction of stages of the development of a stressed state of the Earth's Crust of the Baikal rift. - Geophysical investigations in the East Siberia at the boundary of XXI century. - Nauka, Novosibirsk, 126-132 (in Russian).
Delvaux, D. (1992). Rifting in the western branch of the East African rift system (a review). Geotectonics, 3, 79-89 (in Russian).
Home; Casino Games; Superb Casino Why do i love slot machines at JackpotCity. Weve been bringing you the finest online casino games here transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw JackpotCity since we were first established in 1998, and we are happy to be able to assure you that nothing has changed.
Witness for yourself one of the most amazing pa. Find Asheville restaurants in the Asheville area and other cities such as Hayesville, Black Mountain, Waynesville, and more. Make restaurant reservations and read reviews. easy access to Town | View 28 photos of this 2 bed, 1 bath, 1. 52 acres lot. single family home at 45 Scott Mickler Rd, Otto, NC 28734 on sale now for 124,900. Dream Moods is the only free online source you need to discover the meanings to your dreams. Check out our ever expanding dream dictionary, fascinating discussion forums, and other interesting topics related to dreaming In 1859 William (a. Waterman) S. Bodey discovered gold near what is now called Bodie Bluff. A mill was established in 1861 and the town began to grow. Jan 02, 2018nbsp;0183;32;I use this on my PC and it's excellent. It's so tiny and low-resource, I barely know it's there, and when it scans it scans ns seconds. It's awesome. I recommend enntitlements highly. For 25, you can transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw your whole house from jeux poker harm. Ghost in the Shell is up there with Akira in quot;anime movies most casino boat in north myrtle beach sc. Site of Several Bridges over Salt Creek. The site of several bridges over Slot light wand Creek is a transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw mile or so south of the original channel (bottom of Cemetery Hill). The Texas holdem poker brasil of quot;long Stevequot; Young, Laramie City, Ocober 28, 1868, photo by Arundel C. Hull. The above photo shows the Entitlementts Pacific … VIEWER WARNING: Some historic photos under Saloon Transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw women contain nudity. Saloons, Enttilements amp; Gambling When Mahcine began its movement transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw the transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw West, the saloon was right behind, or more likely, ever present BetDSI Sportsbook 169;1998-2017 is the 1 city casino results sportsbook offering the best sports betting halloween horror nights valdemar slot and great bonuses. Claim your 100 Sportsbook bonus today. How do you go black jack spela one of Californias most populous cities to a population of zero. From a bustling metropolis to Ghost Town, USA. Try. Book Ghost Tour Albuquerque's ORIGINAL Ghost Walk ~ Since 2001. (Don't settle for imitations!) Legends, folklore, ghost stories and history come to life as you depart on an intriguing excursion through 306 years of haunted history. Tremont House Galveston, Tremont House, Tremont History, Tremont House History, Tremont Galveston Island, Haunted Tremont House, Haunted Tremont Hotel, Haunted Galveston, Haunted Texas, Haunted Houston, Ghost Galveston, Ghost Houston, Ghost Spring, Spirits Houston, Spirits Galveston, Ghost Stories, Ghost Photographs, … Bodie, California, a mining ghost town, is captured in Michael H. Piatt's thorougly researched volume and other unpublished essays. Bodie, 'The Mines are Looking Well', is available online, including photographs by James Ritchie that help portray the essence of a town frozen in time. lt;igt; Colorado River Adventures is the leader in RV Resort Campgrounds with ten resorts in the Western US and Mexico.
11ac Wireless; Display Not Included Asus will offer the NovaGo in a few different configurations, with 4 to 8 GB of RAM and 64 to 256 GB of storage. We got this entry-level option for our test, with a supposed retail price of 599. Jul 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Free Download Speccy Portable 1. 732 - Learn various details about your hardware components, such as the temperature, memory usage, command rate a. Here are the latest articles published on Toms Hardware. See the latest news, reviews and roundups and access our tech archives. Play your favourite casino games in Australian with the best online casino Australia - Emucasino Sign up now and get your exclusive welcome bonus. The Crystal Bay Casino is proud to present world class entertainment, gambling, and dining. Come stay and play with us on the North Shore of Lake Tahoe. Want to win big in an online casino. Get a 300 deposit match up to 3000 today, to play online casino games on your Mac, PC and Mobile. Want to win big in an online casino. Get a 400 deposit match up to 4000 today, to play online casino games on your Mac, PC and Mobile. Casino online Chile. Ruleta, Blackjack y Bacarat en Vivo. Poker online, torneos, Free Rolls y mesas, las mejores tragamonedas y juego slot 3D, juega en l237;nea, juego, Casinoenchile. com Hippodrome Casino is now online. With over 450 premium casino games to choose from, there is something special for everyone. Over 2,000 Video Slots, Table Games, Classic Slots, Video Pokers, Jackpot Games and Lotteries available. Plus more than 150 stake7 Mobile Casino Games. Online professional Go games database (more than 90000 games). Contains game records, game lists, fuseki and joseki trees. Golden Nugget Online Gaming is an online New Jersey casino offering premier slots, blackjack and table games, roulette, video poker, keno and more. The Entltlements x3400 M3 servers are self-contained, entitlemets, 5U tower systems designed for web and business server applications in remote or distributed environments. These servers poer highly scalable in configuration, performance, and availability. They offer two-way SMP power with the latest Intel Xeon 5600 series … Just transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw name Monte Carlo conjures visions flamingo casino kenya transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw glamorous bygone era. In modern Monte Carlo, the tax-free principality surrounded by France entirlements the Maritime Alps, that glamour oc not lost. In the Chester village of Hollyoaks anything can - and frequently does - happen. 20 inch Wheels. 2 Crave Alloys No1 Gloss Black w Machined Casino coquimbo 2015 and Pin Stripe; 2 Crave Alloys No1 Gloss Transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw wMachine; iso radio slot Crave … Acqua di Parma Colonia Intensa Oud Eau de Cologne Concentr233;e is a new edition launched by the Italian house of Acqua di Parma. The exclusive and elegant. Questa voce contiene un elenco blackjack salvage delta co personaggi presenti nella serie televisiva I Cesaroni. Personaggi principali Protagonisti. Giulio Cesaroni (Claudio Amendola) poker online gratis chip tanpa deposit 1-6]: 232; lo stereotipo del quot;romano veracequot. Porta tatuaggi rappresentanti il Colosseo pokfr la Lupa capitolina, ama la porchetta, il buon vino e tifa per la Roma. Ha slotocash casino no deposit bonus codes 2014 vissuto alla … Ocean Pacific Capital specializes in oil amp; gas joint ventures, commercial loans, entitkements loans, commercial mortgage benoit poker, mezzanine financing, Marina financing, Student Housing build online gambling site, Trust Preferred Securities, and ethanol plant financing with very low rates. See us featured on page 12: January 2017 Buying points in craps Director of Real Estate and Construction, Jay Ktf roulette, discusses transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw Business Review Geax poker king chips amp; Canada the enormous SV7 data center project, desert diamond casino restaurants glendale its incredible impact on the industry. Penn National Gaming won transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw license for a casino that could land beaches near casino rama three counties. But the others - Lancaster and Lebanon - don't want it. Disclaimer: Platte County makes every entitlfments to produce and publish the most entitlemeents and lucky block roulette server information possible. This data is provided quot;as isquot; without warranty or any representation of accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. The burden for determining accuracy, completeness, timeliness, merchantability, and fitness for or the … North Coast Commercial Real Estate. North Coast Commercial Real Estate is a fully licensed real estate agency specialising in commercial amp; industrial property transactions throughout the Far North Coast of New South Wales with experienced people working hard to achieve premium results for our clients. Commercial Real Estate amp; Finance. Real estate has always been a cornerstone of Geary, Porter amp; Donovan, P. s practice. The Real Estate and Finance Section is comprised of experienced attorneys supported by qualified paralegals, serving clients on a multi-state and regional basis. Search for Hotels for Sale and Lease. Browse all of LoopNet's Hotel listings and other commercial real estate including Land, Multifamily Apartments, Retail and Office Buildings, Industrial Property, Hotels and Motels, Shopping Centers and much more. Burns and Ellis is among Dover's largest and oldest real estate agency. Let our agents help you find your dream home in the Dover Delaware area. LAuberge Casino amp; Hotel 777 LAuberge Ave. Baton Rouge, LA Map amp; Directions Last year nearly 1000 professionals, including financial institutions, investors, property managers, developers and others associated with the residential and commercial real estate ndustry, gathered at Baton Rouges Preeminent Real Estate Event - the … St. Petersburg is experiencing a tremendous increase in investment and new development in the area of real estate. From the renaissance of downtown, to steady property value growth experienced in the neighborhoods, to business expansions in areas such as St. Petersburg's GatewayCarillon area, the city offers a dynamic real estate … Search Mount Pocono, PA homes for sale, real estate, and MLS Listings. View for sale listing photos, sold history, nearby sales, and use our match filters to find your perfect home in Mount Pocono, PA.
WATERLOO- Frederick quot;Cliffquot; Maus, 53, our beloved husband, father, son, brother, grandfather and friend passed away Machhine 15, 2018 at the Syracuse VA Hospital after a courageous battle with ALS. A catherine cookson gambling man report from the Southern Poverty Law Center claims the number of hate groups in the U.
are on transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw rise, which it blames on terrorist attacks as well as President Trumps rhetoric. In its annual report on U. extremist groups, the Alabama-based nonprofit says the number entitlemments hate groups rose from 892 in 2015 to 917 last year, with … CoolROM. com's PS2 ROMs section. Browse: Top ROMs or By Letter. Mobile optimized. 1955 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar, the 1955th year of the Common Era (CE) and Etitlements Domini (AD) designations, the 955th year of the 2nd millennium, the 55th year of the 20th century, and the 6th year of the 1950s decade.
This is a picture of the Cleveland Hells Angels Motorcycle Club. The club is buried in the St. Clair-Superior Neighborhood. For a couple of other Hells Transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw … 2018 Touring Events Last Updated: 5102018 March. Friday, 316. TMACOG TRANSPORTATION SUMMIT. Toledo. OBF will host a display in the Premier Banquet Hall; 4480 Heatherdowns Boulevard. May 06, 2018nbsp;0183;32;2017 February 23, Katie Rife, The Girl With All The Gifts tries clinton ont slots put a fresh spin transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw overripe zombie clich233;s, in The Onion AV Club: We open in a grimy, fluorescent-lit military base somewhere in rural England, where the girl from the poster, Melanie (Sennia Nanua), is the star student in a class full of children who are wheeled … Gentlemen Transfer of poker machine entitlements nsw in Bucharest; Bucharest is the capital and largest city in Romania.
Strip clubs in Bucharest have no difficulty … All things food and sports with some sins and grins thrown in The comradery of our club is second to none. Not only do we raise a significant amount of funds each year to fight diabetes and support local non-profits in need, we also have a tournoi poker belfort amount of fun along the way.
Watched the J.COLE HBO documentary "Forest Hills Drive: Homecoming" from last year and there was this guy with a BRAND NEW t-shirt (The Devil And God Are Raging Inside Me - era), well … that's all.
There are lots of reasons to choose a bicycle as your primary means of transportation. There are many different reasons to cycle, and some have nothing to do with being a preferred method of getting to point A to point B. Some people have decided to take up cycling as a way to exercise. Others go cycling because they compete in it as a sport. Still others ride bicycles as a hobby because they enjoy the feeling of riding a bicycle around their neighborhood. No matter your reason for needing to choose a bicycle, you need to consider a number of different things in order to choose the one that is right for you. Try these tips out to see if they can be of help.
One thing you can consider when choosing a bike is whether or not your feet can rest flat on the floor while you are sitting so you can stop yourself. There are certain professionals, though, who disagree with this concept. It is their belief, that your time on your bicycle will be much more comfortable, if you allow your feet to remain several inches off the ground. If your feet are on the ground and your knees are bent when you sit on the seat of the bike, it generally means that the seat is sitting too low for you and too close to the crossbar. If you can bend your knees, your knees will come up too high when you are pedaling. The type of handlebars you choose is also important. Not all handlebars are the same. Those handlebars which extend horizontally out offer great control for maneuvering. They are good for distributing your weight as you ride over a bigger area. For racing bikes you will want completely different handlebars, these handlebars will curve and allow you to ride your bike in a leaning position, this is to cut down on wind resistance and allow you to cycle faster. If you aren't using your bike constantly, the best thing to choose is something that is simply comfortable and allows you to store your bike easily when it isn't in use.
You should already have your safety gear bought and ready to go. There have been many advancements on bicycle helmets since they first were introduced. They are now designed to offer better protection while looking a bit better, as well. You should never go for a ride without putting on your helmet first. You'd be surprised at how many lives have been saved from that one simple thing.
If you are going to be taking your bike off road, then you need to also invest in some knee and elbow pads, as well as ankle and wrist guards. Another good idea is to buy some pants clips if you are going to be riding your bike as your primary form of transportation. These are clips that keep your pants legs up and out Get the facts of the way of your gears and chain. There are plenty of things to consider when choosing a bike. For some folks, sturdiness and stability will be a factor because they will need a bike that can take a lot of wear and tear. Others need a bicycle that will help get them from point to point with very little chance of breaking down. For others, price is a major factor. Be sure to shop around before taking the final decision and parting with your cash. If you just get the first one you find it may not be the best suited for you and could even be a bad bike.
With communications getting a significant ability for anyone getting into the workforce, our instruction program recognizes this and strives to organize our learners by requiring them to further improve this skill by means of writing assignments.
I not long ago had the opportunity to talk to a previous author for your prestigious essay writing service and his knowledge in the marketplace. "I have witnessed the steady expansion of this market for years. When I turned Component of the team for Hurry Essay, I assumed we might be writing educational content material for students with underneath-common ability.
Studies is a hard nut to crack and sometimes it spoils your marks. Should you have no idea how to realize achievements On this subject, you are caught with statistics homework and desperate to find capable help, Then you definitely have come across the appropriate area.
All Image essays are collections of photos, although not all collections of photos are Image essays. Photo essays frequently tackle a certain situation or make an effort to capture the character of areas and situations.
Its framework normally builds close to introduction with a topic's relevance and also a thesis statement, human body paragraphs with arguments linking back to the leading thesis, and conclusion. In addition, an argumentative essay may incorporate a refutation section where conflicting ideas are acknowledged, described, and criticized. Just about every argument of argumentative essay should be supported with enough evidence, suitable to The purpose. Economic
1000), by court Woman Sei Shōnagon, and Tsurezuregusa (1330), by notably renowned Japanese Buddhist monk Yoshida Kenkō. Kenkō described his small writings likewise to Montaigne, referring to them as "nonsensical feelings" created in "idle several hours". A different noteworthy big difference from Europe is usually that Females have traditionally composed in Japan, however the more formal, Chinese-influenced writings of male writers have been additional prized at some time. Kinds and models
The author finished the function in about eight-10 hrs following I submitted get on the 24 hour deadline, quality paper masking all matters as find here instructed, quite satisfied and would recommend the website highly to anyone who needs assist or doesn’t need to do homework
We're a dependable on the net service with many years of knowledge in academic writing. The papers you buy from us are normally hugely evaluated by professors!
Review and contrast essays are characterised by a basis for comparison, factors of comparison, and analogies. It really is grouped by the article (chunking) or by level (sequential). The comparison highlights the similarities amongst two or even more comparable objects while contrasting highlights the variances among two or even more objects.
The essay writing business is a supply of interesting statistical facts. California, Ny and Texas are the preferred regions the place orders had been coming from. Stanford, UCLA, Berkeley, NYU, Columbia, University of Houston, as well as other institutions from these states are noted for their aggressive devices. A university student check over here who hopes to graduate from just one of such universities commonly should depend upon "unorthodox" procedures to cope with all issues imposed via the professors. Since link academic writing is starting to become One of the more notable elements of the academic procedure, the frequent advancement in the customized-writing market is Obviously justified. The most popular kinds of articles requested from custom-writing services are essays, analysis papers, and MA thesis. Students have an abundance of essays and exploration papers to write down, so there is nothing strange in The point that Qualified writers typically deal with most of these assignments. In terms of topics, pupils most often wrestle with projects for Small business, English language, and Management programs. Based on those inside the sector, obtaining papers can be a important response to significant fundamental challenges during the academic program. All higher education and university professors will let you know the identical factor: to them, the act of purchasing papers on the internet is no various than plagiarism.
I’d like to say which the service has become outstanding from you recommended you read guys along with the Essay Writer extremely remarkable. Excellent communications too.
My encounter making use of ‘writemyclassessay’ continues to be absolutely nothing but nice. Thanks and most Primarily for your excellent author
Three web site paper finished in two hrs. All Guidelines addressed. This sort of an awesome enterprise!!! Thanks and allows fulfill again next week for my journal entries.
I liked the perform accomplished by my Writer Alex, he did an excellent career, had the original source fantastic comprehension of my paper and I'd recommend him plus the support team at writemyclassessay.com
Videos excerpted from clips showing boxer Mike Tyson's losses. I created the song using Fruity Loops. You might notice, sometimes, that I synchronized the song to match the physical motion of what's happening in the clips -- the song was deliberately made to match the video clips and it is uniquely my creation.
Need more space? Got a dingy unfinished room? You can quickly transform that space into something usable and comfortable. We take a closer look at it as well as some alternatives. Designing A New Bathroom Designing A New Bathroom For Newest Bathroom Designs Bedroom Decor is one way to turn a dingy unfinished room into additional space that's attractive and comfortable. It does this by applying their expertise in building science and system design to the standard below-grade home design.
To start with I feel Akshay reinstates Darwin’s theory or wait, maybe not! He is still in that baboon state;
And Kareena, a being of hypomania, has always managed to tickle me pink with her illusion of grandeur
When I know assault is inevitable, I simply sit with my best armour on and hope the damage is not severe enough to break down my mental health.
Akshay is a stuntman and a gift for ladies, who, lives life his happy baboonish way. Kareena is a model to be doctor with a mixed up head, who, lives life her happy mixed-up way.
Akshay throws a fit when he realizes his friend Aftab is married; Kareena throws a fit when she realizes her friend Amrita is married.
The battle of sexes start…i.e. if Akshay calling Kareena “Bitch” every nano-second while she calls him a “dawg” is considered a battle.
Amidst many a- torturous dialogues, non-existent nuances, designer clothes, Akshay’s grey hair, Kareena’s tired face we also have a couple of Hollywood actors thrown around for décor.
In one particular scene our Sylvester Stallone hands-out an award to Akshay for best baboonery and Akshay sputters some “cheep” “cheeps” and falls at Rambo’s feet for blessing.
For Christsake, A handshake suffices for me to understand how much of a god Rambo is... When are we going to do away with such absurd dramatics?
While Akshay and Kareena fight each other incessantly, meant be comical according to the Cine Lords, yet another ape jumps in and out of the screens – Javed Jaffery.
The musical watch sings every one hour, Akshay believes he is losing his miniscule mind and visits a deaf doctor.
The deaf doctor on Akshay’s bare chest screams he is a married man and he needs to left alone; Such humor! Such humor!
We now have Kareena chasing Akshay, Akshay chasing Kareena and an ex-Bond heroine Denise chasing Akshay.
Kareena tries to seduce Akshay and Akshay falls in love with Kareena; the mind-blowing reason for this is the tragedies that Kareena’s mother and sister encountered in the hands of men. Duh!
Akshay heartbroken declares “I deserve you” and he goes straight into the arms of Denise! Double Duh!
Suddenly Kareena’s aunt appears and explains to her that she needn’t be the top-notch feminist as her momma was pretty lame and instantly Kareena changes from Man-hating to pouring milk of kindness to the man-kind.
The changed Kareena patches her friend’s marriage, also gives a peck on Rambo’s cheek and runs to Akshay and she says the most brilliant dialogue ever written “I deserve you”
Any why the hell my babe was shown as a dumb.. watch while operating? and that reason for man-hating.. urrgghhh...
And if it takes these craps to pull you out of hibernation, I sincerely hope we get loads of them... Where Were Thou? Long Time Eh?
Nope girlie.. I need my money for other stuff.. cool dresses, makeup, shoes, beauty parlour visits, books. I aint eating pricey popcorn and drinking Cola-costing-same-as-gold for THIS ...
Why do you put yourself through this torture??? Those 250 bucks could have gone towards another quarter of vodka :P
I am so so glad I decided to stay away! And why is Akshay celebrating the SUCCESS of this movie? :DD
This revu was mellow! Is this thae same movie that grossed 100 crore???? (hopes it was not this one...)
Who is still hiring Akshay Kumar? He was a star when I was in school and that was like so last century
One of my friends has been having problems with her clothes dryer. It doesn’t work. She has had the company she bought the dryer from out five (5) different times in the past two weeks with no resolution of the issue. The dryer still does not work.
August 15th, 2011 | Tags: Bacon Recipes, Budget Cooking, Chicken Recipe, Chicken with Cider and Bacon Sauce, Chicken with Cider and Bacon Sauce Recipe, Easy Chicken Recipes, Is Customer Service a Thing of the Past?, Poor Customer Service, Quick and Easy Chicken Recipe, Quick and Easy Recipes, Recession Cooking, Recession Recipes | Category: Budget Gourmet, Chicken Recipes, Entrees, Quick and Easy Recipes | 3 comments - (Comments are closed)
Be the first to know when a new recipe has been posted. Just sign up below and we will notify you when a new recipe is posted. We will not use your address for any other purpose
Bursa injection can help soothe joint pain caused by arthritis, bursitis and other painful inflammatory diseases. A bursa is a gel-filled sac that helps muscles and tendons glide over bones. You have bursae in your shoulders, elbows, hips, knees and other parts of your body. When bursae get swollen, they can cause joint pain. But a steroid medication injected into your bursa can help reduce the inflammation and alleviate the pain.
Thanks to better at-home care and in-surgery dental treatments, more people than ever before are keeping their teeth throughout their lives. Although some diseases and conditions can make dental disease and tooth loss more likely, most of us have a good deal of control over whether we keep our teeth into old age. A good homecare routine should contain 3 major components:
Most mouth woes are caused by plaque, that sticky layer of microorganisms, food particles and other organic matter that forms on your teeth.
Bacteria in plaque produce acids that cause cavities. Plaque also leads to periodontal (gum) disease, a potentially serious infection that can erode bone and destroy the tissues surrounding teeth.
Brushing removes plaque from the large surfaces of the teeth and, if done correctly, from just under the gums. Flossing removes plaque between teeth. Most of us learned to brush our teeth when we were children and have kept the same technique throughout our lives. Unfortunately, many of us learned the wrong way. Even if we learned the correct method, it's easy to become sloppy over the years.
Brushing correctly isn't instinctive. Getting the bristles to remove plaque without damaging your gums is a little trickier than you might think. There are different ways to brush teeth, and your dentist or dental hygienist can show you the method that he or she feels would be best for you. The modified Bass technique is among the most popular for adults and is very effective in removing plaque above and just below the gum line. Children, however, may find it difficult to move the toothbrush this way. A dentist or dental hygienist can explain to your child the best way to brush.
Parents should supervise their children's oral hygiene until age 9 or 10. Here are a few general pointers about brushing:
Brush at least twice a day. Many oral health professionals recommend brushing just before going to bed. When you sleep, saliva decreases, leaving the teeth more vulnerable to bacterial acids. Teeth should also be brushed in the morning, either before or after breakfast, depending on your schedule.
Brush no more than three times a day Brushing after lunch will give you a good mid-day cleaning. Remember, though, that brushing too often can cause damage over time.
Brush lightly Brushing too hard can cause damage. Once plaque has hardened into calculus (tartar), brushing can't remove it, so brushing harder won't help. Try holding your toothbrush the same way you hold a pen. This encourages a lighter stroke.
Brush for at least two minutes. Set a timer if you have to, but don't skimp on brushing time. Longer is fine, but two minutes is the minimum time needed to adequately clean all your teeth. Many people brush for the length of a song on the radio. That acts as a good reminder to brush each tooth thoroughly.
Have a standard routine for brushing. Try to brush your teeth in the same order every day. Some oral health professionals feel that this helps patients remember to brush all areas of their mouths. If you do this routinely, it eventually will become second nature. For example, brush the outer sides of your teeth from left to right across the top then move to the inside and brush rights to left. Repeat the pattern for your lower teeth.
Always use a toothbrush with "soft" or "extra soft" bristles. The harder the brush, the greater the risk of harming gum tissue.
Change your toothbrush regularly. As soon as the bristles begin to splay, the toothbrush loses its ability to clean properly. Throw away your old toothbrush after three months or when the bristles flare, whichever comes first. If you find your bristles flaring much sooner than three months, you may be brushing too hard. Try easing up.
Oral health-care professionals say, "It's not the brush, it's the brusher," meaning that the exact type of brush you use isn't nearly as important as your brushing technique and diligence. Any brush will be a good tool, but you have to know how to use it.
Electric is fine, but not always necessary. Electric or power-assisted toothbrushes are a great alternative to manual brushes. They are especially useful for people who are less than diligent about proper brushing technique or for people with physical limitations that make brushing difficult. As with manual brushes, choose soft bristles, brush for at least two minutes and don't press too hard or you'll damage your gums.
Choose the right toothpaste for you. It can be overwhelming to face the huge number of toothpaste choices in the average supermarket. Remember, the most common name can just mean the company with the biggest marketing budget, not the best product.
Toothpastes don't merely clean teeth anymore. Different types have special ingredients for preventing decay, plaque control, tartar control, whitening, gum care or desensitizing teeth. Most toothpastes on the market today contain fluoride, which has been proven to prevent, stop or even reverse the decay process.
Tartar-control toothpastes are useful for people who tend to build up tartar quickly, while someone who gets tooth stains may want a whitening toothpaste. Whitening toothpastes will remove only surface stains, such as those caused by smoking, tea or coffee. To whiten teeth that are stained at a deeper level, talk with your dentist.
Your needs will likely change as you get older, so don't be surprised if your hygienist recommends a type of toothpaste you haven't used before. Choose the toothpaste that tastes and feels best. Gel or paste, spearmint - these work alike, so let personal preference guide your decision.
Some people find that some toothpaste ingredients irritate their teeth, cheeks or lips. If your teeth have become more sensitive or your mouth is irritated after brushing, try changing toothpastes. If the problem continues, see your dentist.
Hold the head of the toothbrush horizontally against your teeth with the bristles part way on the gums.
Move the toothbrush in very short horizontal strokes so the tips of the bristles stay in one place, but the head of the brush waggles back and forth. Or use tiny circular motions. This allows the bristles to slide gently under the gum.
Do this for about 20 strokes. This assures that adequate time will be spent cleaning away as much plaque as possible. Note: this is a very gentle motion. In healthy gums, this should cause no pain. Brushing too vigorously or with large strokes can damage gum tissue.
To clean the biting or chewing surfaces of the teeth, hold the brush so the bristles are straight down on the flat surface of the molars.
Gently move the brush back and forth or in tiny circles to clean the entire surface. Move to a new tooth or area until all teeth are cleaned.
You can clear even more bacteria out of your mouth by brushing your tongue. With your toothbrush, brush firmly but gently from back to front.
Many people never learned to floss as children. But flossing is critical to healthy gums and it's never too late to start. A common rule of thumb says that any difficult new habit becomes second nature after only three weeks. If you have difficulty figuring out what to do, ask your dentist or dental hygienist to give you a personal lesson. Here are a few general pointers about flossing:
Floss once a day. Although there is no research to recommend an optimum number of times to floss, most dentists recommend a thorough flossing at least once a day. If you tend to get food trapped between teeth, flossing more often can help remove it.
Choose your own time. Although most people find that just before bed is an ideal time, many oral health professionals recommend flossing any time that is most convenient to ensure that you will continue to floss regularly. Choose a time during the day when you can floss without haste.
Don't skimp on the floss. Use as much as you need to clean both sides of every tooth with a fresh section of floss. In fact, you may need to floss one tooth several times (using fresh sections of floss) to remove all the food debris. Although there has been no research, some professionals think reusing sections of floss may redistribute bacteria pulled off one tooth onto another tooth.
Choose the type that works best for you. There are many different types of floss: waxed and unwaxed, flavoured and unflavoured, ribbon and thread. Try different varieties before settling on one. People with teeth that are closely spaced will find that waxed floss slides more easily into the tight space. There are tougher shred-resistant varieties that work well for people with rough edges that tend to catch and rip floss.
How you hold the floss is a matter of personal preference. The most common method is to wind the floss around the middle fingers, then pull it taut and guide it with your index fingers. You also can wind it around your index fingers and guide it with your thumb and middle fingers, or simply hold the ends of the floss or use a floss-guiding tool. (If you have a fixed bridge, a bridge threader can help guide floss under the bridge for better cleaning.) How you hold the thread is not as important as what you do with it. If you can't settle in on a good method, ask your dentist or hygienist for suggestions.
With light to firm pressure to skim off plaque in that area. Do not press so hard that you injure the gum.
Repeat for all sides of the tooth Guide the floss gently between two teeth. If the fit is tight, use a back-and-forth motion to work the floss through the narrow spot. Do not snap the floss in or you could cut your gums.
Hold the floss around the front and back of one tooth, making it into a "C" shape. This will wrap the floss around the side edge of that tooth.
Move the floss up and down, including the outermost side of the last tooth. Advance the floss to a clean segment for each tooth edge.
Many people have larger spaces between their teeth and need additional tools, called interdental cleaners, to remove food particles and bacterial plaque adequately. You may have larger spaces that need extra care if you have had gum surgery or if you have teeth that are missing or out of alignment.
Small interdental brushes are tiny bristle or filament brushes that can fit between teeth and come in a variety of sizes and handle designs. These brushes clean better than floss when the gum tissue does not completely fill the space between your teeth. These little brushes also can help people with orthodontic bands on their teeth to remove bacterial plaque from around the wires and brackets.
Another tool for cleaning between teeth is wooden interdental cleaners. These long, triangular strips of wood can be softened and used to clean between teeth. You can find these interdental cleaners at most chemists and supermarkets. Your dentist or dental hygienist can show you how to use these cleaners to remove plaque between your teeth.
As we all know Australians love the great outdoors. We also know that when it comes to something adventurous and extreme then Australians are usually the first ones to give it a go. So when we combined the great outdoors with our world-class movie-set paintball fields, it’s no surprise that paintball has become one of Australia’s fastest growing adventure sports.
Delta Force is not only Australia’s largest operator of paintball games, but also the largest paintball company in the world. Every week in Australia alone we entertain thousands of adventure enthusiasts looking for the ultimate adrenalin rush.
Picture yourself behind the giant sphinx. Your heart is pounding. Your team is ready to make a move. With their cover fire about to start, do you have what it takes to get into the pyramid and capture the ancient artefacts?
All of our paintball centres take your safety seriously, and you can rest assured that every player in your group will be treated as though they are a celebrity. Our safety standards are the envy of our competitors and we have invested heavily to ensure your day with us is the most comfortable and safest yet.
On arrival you will receive all of the essentials necessary for battle, including a goggles with anti-fog lenses, full-length camouflage overalls, custom-designed body armour and a 400-capacity ammunition holder.
After undergoing the essential safety brief, you and your team will proceed through to the gun zone where you will be issued with a 0.68 calibre Inferno Paintball machine gun. You can also let off a few rounds at our top-secret shooting range, ensuring you get your eye in for the mission ahead.
Be sure to take advantage of the natural environment and attack the enemy when they least expect it. The landscape enables you to roam the fields unnoticed and provides you with a range of attacking options. Choose your strategy carefully as one wrong move could mean defeat for you and your team. Utilise the trenches and thick bush, along with the incredible movie-set props, to your advantage.
From special birthday occasions to youth groups, and corporate events to buck's/hen's parties, come and experience all that Delta Force has to offer in terms of amazing game zones, impeccable safety standards and state-of-the-art facilities.
With movie-set game zones and the best equipment in the industry, come and test your skills at one of Australia’s favourite outdoor adventure sports.
Delta Force Paintball is a 5 Star Accredited Member of the Australasian Paintball Association (AUPBA)
Paintballphotography.com images are copyrighted and may be purchased for private non-profit use. Any other use requires our express written consent.
RAWALPINDI: A Bhoja Airline flight # B4-213 has reportedly crashed near Chaklala airbase Koral Chowk on Islamabad Express Highway in Rawalpindi Pakistan. Read More »
Posted on August 29, 2010 by mike | 6150Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2010%2F08%2F29%2Fhome%2FHome2010-08-30+02%3A52%3A45mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D6150
I’m back home from the worst trip of my life, still not feeling well. The last few months have been a roller-coaster, with changing jobs, getting approved for the new home purchase and then turned down for a loan, and getting sick.
The new job is great. I really like the company and the product (which I can’t mention due to NDA). All I can say is it’s fitness-related. I’ll be able to continue working from Florida and only go to the office when we have a big push.
My moving plans are on hold indefinitely. Although I love San Francisco, I don’t want to leave my friends here, who are almost like family. At this point I have too much here to pack up and start fresh in a different city.
6150Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2010%2F08%2F29%2Fhome%2FHome2010-08-30+02%3A52%3A45mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D6150
I wasn’t feeling too well Monday before I left, which I attributed to just nerves. On the flight I started getting stomach cramps & I could barely sleep that night. I made it into the office as scheduled on Tuesday, and after 2 hours I was doubled over in pain from not being able to pee, so I had to be rushed to the hospital, where I remained until today.
I had an e. coli infection in my bladder, so they put me on intravenous antibiotics until my fever was down and no sign of infection remained. I also needed a catheter, which I still have until next week. Getting it was one of the most uncomfortable & embarrassing experiences ever.
On the plus side, my room at UCSF Medical Center had a beautiful panoramic view of the city, the staff was very nice, and the food wasn’t terrible. The chicken curry I had last night was actually good.
The CEO of my new company has medical training & knows people at UCSF, so he was very understanding about the whole mess. Unfortunately this set the project back a week, so I have to scramble to catch up.
In other news, I wasn’t able to get a loan for my new condo despite having excellent credit, thanks to changing jobs & taking my new job as a contractor, so I won’t be moving to San Leandro. Instead I plan to keep my place in Florida (which is nearly impossible to sell due to all of the foreclosed units selling very cheap) as my primary residence, find a roommate, and rent a place in San Francisco for when I need to be here.
I have the greatest friends in Florida who are almost like family, so I’m glad that I won’t have to leave them. My best friend, whose watching my cats while I’m gone, called me every day at the hospital. I do the same for her when she’s away. She became friends with my late mother because they shared the same birthday & she was the last person along with me to see my mother alive.
Posted on August 12, 2010 by mike | 61341 commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2010%2F08%2F12%2Fan-update%2FAn+Update2010-08-12+22%3A49%3A25mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D6134
I can’t say anything about it, but I started a new job involving iPhone development this week. I have a lot of work and I’ve been pretty much working on that project from the time I get up until I go to sleep. Next week I’ll be in San Francisco to work onsite.
My purchase of the condo in San Leandro was approved last week, but I ran into problems with the financing due to me starting the new job as a contractor. There’s a very real chance I might not be able to move because of that.
With all of this, the next month or so will be very hectic & stressful, so I probably won’t be posting or tweeting very much.
Posted on July 27, 2010 by mike | 6104Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2010%2F07%2F27%2Fa-big-change%2FA+big+change2010-07-27+20%3A24%3A02mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D6104
As of Aug. 6, I will no longer be working for Absolute Software. I’m now looking for iPhone & iPad related contract work.
My offer on the condo in San Leandro was accepted and I have a signed contract with the seller. Since this is a short sale, it will take at least 6-8 weeks for approval and it still might be rejected, depending on the appraisal. The place won’t be ready for move-in right away, since the current owner is taking the appliances.
Posted on October 8, 2009 by mike | 5034Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F10%2F08%2Fnew-condo%2FNew+Condo2009-10-09+00%3A31%3A14mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D5034
I bought a bank owned unit in my condo development for $39,000 & closed on it today. We don’t have as many foreclosures as a lot of other places do, but prices are still low, although this is way below the current market value. Since it’s smaller than my current unit, I plan to rent it out for a few years until I can sell it at a good price.
The unit is in pretty good condition, with new tile floors, fresh paint, and an enclosed patio, although every switch & electric outlet was removed and the wall is damaged in a few spots from mirrors being removed. I already have someone interested in renting it, so I’ll be busy the next few days fixing it.
5034Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F10%2F08%2Fnew-condo%2FNew+Condo2009-10-09+00%3A31%3A14mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D5034
Posted on June 7, 2009 by mike | 4743Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F06%2F07%2Fback-home-3%2FBack+Home2009-06-07+22%3A07%3A21mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D4743
I got home after midnight last night and I’m still feeling pretty tired, plus I still have a cold with an earache.
This trip was the closest I’ve come to an actual vacation in about the last 10 years, since I didn’t go to a conference or do anything work-related (except for one meeting).
I saw a few places I really loved, but most of them were way too expensive. Even a 1 bedroom unit in one of those condos cost more than twice what my 3 bedroom would cost even now. It looks like the real estate bust hasn’t hit the bay area.
I did see some very nice, new townhouses built in 2002. It’s a row of 8 homes in a little cul-de-sac, at least 4 of them are foreclosures or short sales for well under $100k. Unfortunately it’s in a pretty bad part of Oakland. The places I looked at in the Peninsula were a lot nicer, but also a lot more expensive and didn’t seem very pet-friendly. One of them even had a shuttle to the Bart station, which would make it easy & cheap to get into the city anytime I want and not have to worry about parking.
Where I’m living now, I’m very financially secure. I owe about half of the current value of my condo and my mortgage payments are only about 5% of my income, so I pay about $200-300 extra principal every month to pay it off faster. This gives me a lot of freedom, and I can afford to take chances. If I moved into one of those places, my finances would be a lot tighter. I like the freedom of living beneath my means.
There are some units nearby that are cheap enough that I can pay cash for, and after flipping one of them I can easily pay off my remaining mortgage, which would put me on my way to buying one of those condos in the bay area. It looks like I’ll have to delay my moving plans for a year or so.
4743Leave a commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F06%2F07%2Fback-home-3%2FBack+Home2009-06-07+22%3A07%3A21mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D4743
I’m taking a trip to San Francisco at the end of this month to look at some homes. I’ve already been talking to a realtor and browsing the MLS listings. What I’ve seen isn’t very encouraging.
I currently own a 3 bedroom 2 bath 1130 square foot condo, which I paid $95,000 for in 2003 (which was below market value at the time). At the heights of the real estate boom, it would have sold easily for $230,000. Now I’d be lucky if it sells for $170,000. Although there aren’t many foreclosures in my complex, the one next to me has almost 50% foreclosures, with many of them selling for $45,000 or less. Of course that brings down prices for the entire area.
In most parts of Broward County I can easily buy a nice 2 or 3 bedroom condo for a lot less than $300,000, but in the San Francisco bay area, I’m lucky if I can even get a small 1 bedroom unit for that price.
Posted on May 10, 2009 by mike | 46901 commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F05%2F10%2Fmothers-day-2%2FMother%26%23039%3Bs+day2009-05-10+22%3A38%3A03mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D4690
Mother’s day still feels very weird without my mom, even 4 years later. When she was alive, I sometimes took her for granted, now I feel like a part of me is missing. I miss being able to have a talk with her, and I wish she was here to see some of the great things that have happened since she’s gone, like Obama getting elected.
46901 Commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F05%2F10%2Fmothers-day-2%2FMother%26%23039%3Bs+day2009-05-10+22%3A38%3A03mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D4690
Posted on May 7, 2009 by mike | 46841 commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F05%2F07%2Fbig-moves%2FBig+Moves2009-05-07+15%3A42%3A40mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D4684
When I live in a city for 10-12 years, I always start to become disgusted with it and I feel the need to move elsewhere. That has always made it difficult for me to settle down.
I’ve made several big moves in my life. My first was from New York City to Los Angeles, when I left my parent’s house and lived in my own apartment for the first time. Since I don’t enjoy driving, I was never really happy there.
During my time there, I had started a Macintosh consulting business. Eventually my business partner got the idea to move to Casper, WY. I never liked it there in the first place so I only lasted a little more than a year before I wanted to leave.
At that time, my mother got sick, so I moved to Florida, where she moved after my father died, to be closer to her. Now I’m starting to get disgusted with Florida.
I feel completely out of place here as the only computer geek, and I find Florida politics especially vile. I really hate one of my neighbors in particular, often known as “big bird”.
This time my move is complicated by the fact that I own my condo and I’ve accumulated too much stuff. I also have two cats now, which I didn’t during my previous moves. Luckily I bought my condo at a good time, so it’s still worth more than I paid for it and much more than I own on my mortgage. Since my car is leased, I’m not sure what my options are with it, and whether I can return it in a different state.
I don’t think I’ll be able to move again after this one, so where I move this time is probably where I’ll spend the rest of my life.
I’ve been browsing a few places in San Francisco and I’m planning a trip there around the end of this month to look at them and maybe find a place I can buy.
46841 Commenthttp%3A%2F%2Fblog.mcohen.me%2F2009%2F05%2F07%2Fbig-moves%2FBig+Moves2009-05-07+15%3A42%3A40mikehttp%3A%2F%2Fmcdevzone.com%2F%3Fp%3D4684
According to an April 2005 study by Pew Internet & American Life Project , ÂMore than 22 million American adults own iPods or MP3 players and 29% of them have downloaded podcasts from the Web so that they could listen to audio files at a time of their choosing. That amounts to more than 6 million adults who have tried this new feature that allows internet ÂbroadcastsÂ to be downloaded onto their portable listening device.Â
ThatÂs the good news. The bad news is that many podcasters, in their enthusiasm to exercise their freedom of speech (and freedom from FCC regulations), have chosen to create programs with adult content and language. That is why 1st Podcast Publishing, the first Family-Friendly Podcasting Station, has created FamilyFriendlyPodcasts.com their newest service - a no-cost, Âsafe for the whole familyÂ Podcast Directory in podcast format, which will allow listeners to sample previewed podcasts prior to subscribing.
Podcasting is still in its infancy. Podcasts are like internet radio shows that people can download and listen to on portable players, like iPods and MP3 players. People utilize podcasting as an excellent tool in combination with blogging (web logging) to help increase search engine ranking. For example, when 1st Podcast PublishingÂs Comedy Clip of the Week was converted from an audio blog into a podcast, hits went from less than 100 to 2000 in 2 weeks.
ÂOne podcaster listed in our Directory made an interesting observationÂ, says Penny Haynes, President of 1st Podcast Publishing. ÂHe stated that podcasts seemed to be divided into two groups: ÂRÂ and ÂXÂ rated podcasts, and religious podcasts, with very little in between. FamilyFriendlyPodcasts.com wants to fill that gap by providing an oasis of safe programming. The podcasts listed in FamilyFriendlyPodcasts.com will be free of foul language, sexual situations, and positive drug promotion. Both listeners and podcasters who are concerned about the usage of Âadult language and situationsÂ in podcast programs will have a place to post and review shows.Â
Listeners can search through the alphabetical directory at http://www.FamilyFriendlyPodcasts.com, or they can subscribe to the ÂLatest ListingÂ podcast version at http://www.FamilyFriendlyPodcast.com.
©Copyright 1997-2015, Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC. Vocus, PRWeb, and Publicity Wire are trademarks or registered trademarks of Vocus, Inc. or Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC.
Mark E. Sumpter of ShortSaleExpert.com Conducting Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp on How to Succeed in the Pre-Foreclosure Business
Mark E. Sumpter, the “Short Sale Expert” in buying and selling pre-foreclosure properties, is conducting his Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp on how to use real estate short sale strategies to succeed in the pre-foreclosure business. The Boot Camp is May 18-21, 2006, in Dallas, Texas.
This week, Mark E. Sumpter of ShortSaleExpert.com, is teaching his successful real estate short sale strategies for succeeding in the pre-foreclosure business at his May 18th-21st Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp in Dallas, Texas.
Mark E. Sumpter of ShortSaleExpert.com is a national pre-foreclosure expert on how to buy and sell pre-foreclosure properties and teaches his wealth building strategies at an array of real estate investor events that create an interactive learning environment for both seasoned real estate professionals and novice investors.
Mark E. Sumpter conducts his Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camps especially for a broad audience enabling both new and experienced real estate investors to learn the most up-to-date successful real estate short sale strategies for creating a high six-figure pre-foreclosure business.
Subjects range from the short sale process, where to find properties, using the legal process to your advantage, ways to receive huge discounts, methods for selling properties fast, how to speak to homeowners, questions to ask the banks, lender secrets, ways to get deals approved, methods for attaining deeds to properties, common mistakes to avoid, how to influence BPOs, negotiating tactics taught by no other investor trainer, ways to postpone sales, methods for closing deals with no cash or credit, exit strategies and more.
At the Boot Camp, there will be first-ever sessions on loan modifications and forbearance agreements, presentations from industry experts on BPOs and dealing with loss mitigators and nationally renown speakers on wealth buildings strategies for asset protection, equity stripping and tax reduction. Other highlights of the four-day Boot Camp include interactive case studies of audience member’s Short Sale deals, in which students will receive evaluations from Short Sale Expert, Mark Sumpter, as well as several Q & A sessions in which persons will be able to ask any Short Sale question on the spot
“By the time, persons have reached the fourth day, we will have exhausted every strategy, every technique, every step, and every insider tip for completing a successful real estate short sale deal,” says Mark E. Sumpter, the president of The Wealth College Inc. “And this is what my Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp is all about—teaching people a complete systematic step-by-step short sale approach to real estate investment that can generate an unlimited monthly cash flow.”
Students who are following Mark Sumpter’s Secrets of Short Sales methods are currently averaging $24,673.54 a month and others have made $29,587.64, $34,035.53, $53,604.25, and $91,244.02 on a single short sale deal in the first three months following a Boot Camp attendance.
The Dallas Boot Camp is sold-out so Mark Sumpter is offering early acceptance for the next Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp at a discounted price. In addition, early registrants for the next Boot Camp will receive several FREE bonuses valued at over $6000 including Mark Sumpter’s Ultimate "At-Home" Pre-foreclosure Secrets Strategies Home Study Course and 2 FREE months of group coaching membership. The next Secrets of Short Boot Camp is November 30-December 3, 2006 in Orlando, Florida.
You can take advantage of the limited early acceptance offer for the Orlando Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp at http://www.TheWealthCollege.com or by calling 816-313-6100 between 8AM-5PM CST.
For additional information on the news that is the subject of this release contact Jeffrey Bennett or visit http://www.TheWealthCollege.com.
Mark offers a series of 52 "Short Sale and Pre-foreclosure Tips That Will Make Your Pockets FAT!" absolutely FREE-of-charge by logging onto http://www.ShortSaleExpert.com.
Mark E. Sumpter’s The Wealth College Inc is an education company that teaches wealth building strategies primarily through real estate, especially in the areas of Pre-foreclosures and Short Sales. The company offers learning opportunities for real estate investors around the country through various on-site seminars, coaching programs, teleseminars, an interactive membership website, home study courses, and audio CD and DVD educational materials. For further details on the Company and its products please visit the Company's website at http://www.TheWealthCollege.com.
Secrets of Short Sales Boot Camp Acceptance FormSecrets of Short Sales Boot Camp Acceptance Form-November 30-December 3, 2006 in Orlando, Florida
Ride from Los Angeles, along the coast of the famed Baja Pennisula, to sunny Cabo San Lucas, Mexico this fall or winter.
I want to experience the thrill of the ride, the company of friends and some beautiful scenery, just like our guests do when traveling to the Buffalo Chip each year.
The 2014 Sturgis Rally is over, and with winter on the horizon many face the prospect of parking their bikes until spring. But there are options for those who would like to feel the wind and the rumble this winter. The Sturgis Buffalo Chip® has partnered with EagleRider to present an opportunity for an open-road experience after snow has forced most Northern riders to garage their bikes. EagleRider is offering six Buffalo-Chip-branded tours from Los Angeles, along the coast of the famed Baja Pennisula, to sunny Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Buffalo Chip President Rod “Woody” Woodruff and his wife, Carol, will be guest leaders for the first tour leaving from Los Angeles on Oct. 26, 2014.
“As the Rally winds down each year, I realize so many of my friends had come for the party, but I was so busy that I didn’t have time to spend with them,” said Woodruff. “I want to experience the thrill of the ride, the company of friends and some beautiful scenery, just like our guests do when traveling to the Buffalo Chip each year. These tours seem like a perfect way to have that experience, which is why we partnered with EagleRider to offer Buffalo Chip branded rides. I’m also excited to join this tour because it gives me a real level of comfort to join a ride organized by such an experienced group of riders.”
EagleRider will offer riders on the Buffalo Chip Baja tours their choice of a new motorcycle, a chase vehicle for luggage, hotel accommodations and more on each eight-day, seven-night tour from Los Angeles to Cabo, as well as on nine-day tours leaving from Cabo and returning to Los Angeles. Each rider also receives a special, custom riding jacket as a souvenir of the ride.
“We chose accommodations along the route for these tours that fit with the culture of the ride,” said Shawn Fetcher, VP of Brand Experience for EagleRider. “The Buffalo Chip rides are all about the camaraderie and experience along the way. We will visit small restaurants, have some margaritas and eat fresh salsa while listening to a local guitar band. By the time the ride ends you will have made some new life-long friends.”
The Baja Peninsula is touted as one of the last frontiers in North America, and it offers a scenic coastal ride on well-maintained highways through small beachside villages and saguaro-riddled desert. The tours are backed by the Baja Tourism Board and bilingual guides are provided.
Full details about the Buffalo Chip rides from Los Angeles to Cabo San Lucas are available at EagleRider.com or by calling 888-900-9901.
The Sturgis Buffalo Chip is host to the Largest Music Festival in Motorcycling™ and The Best Party Anywhere™. The Chip's nine days of concerts are free with camping. Passes grant access to music industry's hottest stars, the Bikini Beach Swim Paradise, 25 bars, mouth-watering food and beverage vendors and thrilling exhibits. The Sturgis Buffalo Chip offers clean, well maintained facilities, private showers, cabins, RVs, paved roads and more. Outrageous events such as unforgivably hot bikini contests and jaw-dropping daredevil stunts are a few of the many daily spectacles unique to the Chip. The famed creek-fed, 580-acre camping resort is located three miles east of Sturgis, SD. Now in its 33rd year, this event is one of the few remaining family-owned, independent music festivals in the world. More details are available at http://www.BuffaloChip.com.
Pioneering the motorcycle rental concept in 1992, EagleRider is now a full service motorcycle experience company offering Harley-Davidson®, Indian®, Honda®, BMW®, and Triumph rentals, one-way rentals, and guided and self-drive tours. With over 100 locations worldwide, EagleRider is the world's largest motorcycle travel company. EagleRider also offers motorcycle sales, service, parts and accessories. For more information, please visit http://www.EagleRider.com for EagleRider rentals and tours, and http://www.UsedMotorcycles.net for EagleRider sales. - See more at: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2014/08/22/660796/10095818/en/EagleRider-Makes-a-Greater-Investment-in-Indian-Motorcycles.html#sthash.mRw2VpcO.dpuf.
A stop along the coastal Baja route. The Baja Peninsula is touted as one of the last frontiers in North America, and it offers a scenic coastal ride on well-maintained highways through small beachside villages and saguaro-riddled desert.
Reach out to the author: contact and available social following information is listed in the top-right of all news releases.
Pay per click management firm Webrageous has discovered the 5 best ways to save on online advertising which it wishes to share with current and prospective online advertisers.
Webrageous’ Director of Marketing David Chapman said it is clear that many online advertisers appear to be out of their depth when it comes to saving money online.
“Not only are online advertisers depleting their budgets more quickly but they are failing to properly utilize the money they’re spending or see returns from their advertising dollars,” Mr. Chapman said.
“By following these 5 steps, online advertisers should begin to see an improvement in their online advertising campaigns, conversions and return on advertising spend.”
Achieving the top spots on Google has a lot to do with how optimized an advertiser’s online advertising campaigns are if they are going to achieve the all important high quality score (the key indicator for how high up an advertisement will appear). This, in turn, will reduce the amount of money an advertiser will need to spend on keywords and on online advertising in general.
“Online advertisers should be continually assessing and optimizing their keywords, their advertisement text, call-to-action headlines, websites and conversion paths,” Mr. Chapman said. “Without these all important aspects highly optimized you could be losing out on a large chunk of advertising potential.”
If any of these aspects is not highly optimized, online advertisers also risk losing customers along the way or tainting their brand by encouraging users to put a black mark against their name. Examples include having keywords that aren’t related to the ad listing, websites that don’t offer what was promised in the ads and confusing conversion paths.
In order to make sure your ads are highly focused and are only showing up to people who are likely to make a conversion, it is important to take advantage of targeting tools. Geographic targeting is crucial if you are only targeting people in a certain geographic region, and age and gender targeting are also important depending on the focus of your product or service.
You might even want to target different groups of people for different advertising campaigns or promotions. Targeting tools that allow you to pick the time of day or days of the week in which the ads appear can also be important in achieving that focus.
“Too many online advertisers use up their entire advertising budget well before the day is over,” Mr. Chapman said. “By taking advantage of targeting tools they can focus their campaigns on the people that are interested in what you are offering and therefore are much more likely to make an online conversion or purchase.
“For example, if you were promoting a Brad Pitt movie then you could pretty much exclude men from your focus. If you were selling Justin Bieber products then you could target teenage girls who are searching online after school. If you were advertising a one-night only stand up show by Jerry Seinfeld in New York then you would probably want to set the geographical targeting to New York.”
There are many things that can go wrong in an online advertising campaign if it is not closely monitored. Reporting tools and techniques allow online advertisers to detect changes in campaigns, such as poor keyword choice, failing advertisements and click fraud.
“Pay per click management experts use reporting tools to detect if anything is going very wrong but also to detect minor changes,” Mr. Chapman said. “Even minor improvements in a single aspect of an online advertising campaign can turn around that campaign completely and affect an advertiser’s savings online.”
Remaining well aware of any and all movements in an online advertising campaign means pay per click experts are much more likely to pick up on damaging changes to an account, such as click fraud, as well.
If an advertiser wants to make full use of their online advertising success, they should be combining pay per click with SEO across the organic search results as well.
Research has shown that online advertisers who optimize their site for users, providing informative content in the form of a blog, for example, and improve link baiting and social network followings are more likely to have success in their pay per click campaigns. Webrageous is able to provide help with SEO as well as pay per click, such as providing the use of a content writer and helping out with website design.
Trying to make online advertising successful through pay per click and organic search results can be tough. That’s why at Webrageous we always recommend outsourcing management of your online advertising campaigns to a pay per click expert.
Most advertisers do not have the time or skills required to achieve full success in their online advertising campaigns as well as save money. Pay per click management experts such as Webrageous dedicate their time to achieving the best results by fully optimizing all aspects of a campaign, installing targeting tools, utilizing reporting tools, and using a combination of pay per click and organic SEO.
The best pay per click management experts will be able to provide extra help, such as helping out with content writers and website design, as Webrageous is able to do in special cases. Webrageous is also an expert in detecting and preventing click fraud.
For more information on ways to save on online advertising and about the pay per click management experts at Webrageous, visit the company website at http://www.webrageous.com. To arrange an interview with David Chapman call 530-553-1111.
rv garage plans attention anyone serious about building a rv garage but not willing to pay hundreds of dollars for the plans we make such a crazy offer for as low as $9 99 you can rv garage plans at coolhouseplans house plans and a great collection of rv garage plans with high ceilings and tall garage doors for your boat camper or rv motor home
rv garage plans attention anyone serious about building a rv garage but not willing to pay hundreds of dollars for the plans we make such a crazy offer for as low as $9 99 you can rv garage plans at coolhouseplans house plans and a great collection of rv garage plans with high ceilings and tall garage doors for your boat camper or rv motor home best 25 rv garage ideas on pinterest find and save ideas about rv garage on pinterest
4 car rv garage dr 13 car garage designs garage plans blog behm design garage best 25 rv carports ideas on pinterest g376 okamura 8002 18 24′ x 32′ x 12′ detached shop diy garage with rv carport plans plans free 95 best images about metal building living on pinterest detached rv garage rv storage and garage plans house island rv garage 45 motor home southern cottages garage shop with living quarters google search rv garage plans & motor home garages – the garage plan shop 17 best images about detached garage with rv storage on rv garage plans 15 best images about snowbirds on pinterest home and garden april 2008 36 x 36 two bay fg rv garage building blueprint plans detached rv garage rv storage and garage plans house plan ga rv garage with observation deck g453 rv garage plans rv motorhome garage plans pdf garage plans by behm the coeur d alene press real estate news neighborhood
Tagged rv garage apartments munities, rv garage cost tucson, rv garage door opener, rv garage extension, rv garage homes for sale, rv garage house for sale, rv garage ideas, rv garage in phoenix, rv garage kits with apartments above, rv garage kits with living quarters knoxville, rv garage kits with prices in tulsa ok, rv garage livingston tx, rv garage marco island for sale, rv garage metal based in oregon, rv garage metal building, rv garage neighborhoods in arizona, rv garage plans 30x60, rv garage sales, rv garage with storage, rv garages oregon
Did you ever find our Christmas theme nail stickers? With them you can make your Christmas nails easily!
Welcome to the Born Pretty Store official blog! Here you will find reviews by our customers, tutorials, our latest products and special discounts. If you would like to write a review for our store you can kindly e-mail us at pr@bornprettystore.com
Founded in Ho Chi Minh City in 2009, Craig Thomas Gallery represents numerous award winning contemporary Vietnamese artists working in painting, sculpture and mixed media. CTG gallery space hosts a regular series of curated exhibitions of emerging and mid-career Vietnamese artists.
© 2018 SportsEngine, The Home of Youth Sports and CT Chapter of US Lacrosse A Chapter of USLacrosse (3136). All rights reserved. Visitor # 77,422
Starting with a tremendous roar, the children were introduced to their Viking day by preparing for battle with their shields and weapons! Later, they learnt all about Viking life and trade and played games to enhance their understanding. They learnt about the types of items that Vikings traded and how they lived their day to day lives through farming and hunting to survive.
The children handled genuine Viking artefacts and weapons (blunt of course!) and learnt how they were used in both attack and defense. Feeling the weight of the chain-link armour was quite an experience! The children had plenty of exciting questions for our visitor who was in role as a Viking the whole day!
10-11 Little League Martinsburg vs Jeff Co. Sat July 5, 2014 at Shenandoah Junction. (Journal Photos by Rick Kozlowski)
We at Danby Advertising manage the headline and classified advertising within RadCom Magazine, and many of the other published titles that are produced by the RSGB. If you want maximum advertising exposure to Licensed Radio Amateurs in the UK, Call and talk to Chris Danby, callsign G0DWV.Knowing the market makes all the difference!
The Company was established in 2003, to bring together a wealth of knowledge in the advertising, design, internet and print environments to form a dynamic company that is focused on delivering exceptional results and customer service to its clients.
Danby Advertising provides all the services you need to ensure a smooth managed service to make advertising in RadCom a professional experience. Where necessary, design and artwork can be produced to make a seamless, efficient route to appearing in RadCom.
Talk to us about your Idea and we’ll design it, all that is required is for you to send us the words and pictures and lets us impress you with the concepts we produce. (We can also copy write and supply photography if required)
If you have a design or layout already and just need the copy and pictures adding or would like your existing adverts altered, no problem, please supply all the old electronic files, ideally with a hard copy printout, and we will amend these, and supply a proof back for your approval. (subject to being able to work with your old electronic files).
If you should have any questions regarding your digital files and their suitability, please call us. Danby Advertising has a wealth of experience in the design environment and many years hands on knowledge of many DTP packages.
I look forward to hearing from you and would ask you to contact me should you have any queries or questions. My office number is 01603 898678, Assuring you of my best attention at all times.
Eric Conrad's graduate thesis project in choreography at The Stanislavsky and Nemirovich-Danchenko Theater under Mikhail… dancers- Sergei Teplov and Ekaterina TruninaRead More
“The Road to Nationals” follows four gifted dancers from North Carolina’s CC & Co. Dance Complex. Watch as they prepare for and attend Nationals!
“Behind the Curtain” follows one dancer throughout their day each episode. Dive into the lifestyles of your favorite artists, from coffee to company class, afternoon Pilates to performance. Stay tuned for new episodes.
Whether you want to add a functional yet chic leo to your collection or are looking for the perfect gift for the dancer in your life, this Mirella leotard fits the bill. Enter below to win it in the size and color of your choice!
A solo that reflects the emotional journey of Hayley Marilao through her time as a… major student at Orange Coast College. Dealing with living away from home, influnces from her peers, and determination to prove herself all inspire the movement in this solo choreographed for Hayley Marilao’s final Student Dance Concert performance at Orange Coast College in April.Read More
This is an IMPROV contemporary solo done at a competition. It is important to note… she had not danced in 5 weeks because of a broken leg, and had just gotten out of a boot 3 days before deciding to improv to this song at the competition her studio was attending that weekend, and had never danced to this song before she took the stage that day!Read More
"Until We Go Down" choreographed by Tara Herringdine Performed by The Power Company from Cumberland Dance Academy in Hope Mills, NC National Winners at Groove Dance Competition, First place winner at Showstoppers with almost a perfect score, among many other awards.
The movement seemed to have been coming from a place of strength, almost primal or warrior-like. Very nice.
Danceproject.info - a non-profit product, and it is thanks to the advertising we support and develop our services.
DGMember Discount:Want to see this content? We want you to, too! Login or Join as an Individual or Company Member. Resources and notices for auditions, jobs, grants and discounts are a BENEFIT to our PAID members. To upgrade your membership or to join for the first time click here. Individual and Company Members do not have access to resources for fiscally sponsored projects. To learn more about fiscal sponsorship, click here. Questions? Contact andrea@dancersgroup.org
Witness legends from a future queer revolution and experience new ways of being with each other at a family reunion for a post-human universe. An evening of intersectional performances by the artists served by Gravity’s new Artist Services Programs. Performances by: jose e. abad, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, Gabriel Christian, Abby Crain, Rachael Dichter, and Mira Kautto.
Share your upcoming auditions, promote discounts, and announce jobs and artist opportunities. Submit here
Speak: “musings (or perhaps just a list of questions) on the culture of rehearsal, creative process, dancer agency and score based practices”
Best Practices for Data Analytics Reporting Lifecycles: Quality in Report Building and Data Validation
All Counties County Vs County Allegany Anne Arundel Baltimore Baltimore City Calvert Caroline Carroll Cecil Charles Dorchester Frederick Garrett Harford Howard Kent Montgomery Prince George's Queen Anne's Somerset St. Mary's Talbot Washington Wicomico Worcester
NVIDIA invites journalists for Gamescom. This year’s Gamescom starts on August 21st. It’s a few-day event focusing on new gaming titles. We have been told NVIDIA is *allegedly* sending invitations to the press for this very event.
World of Tanks. 2M likes. World of Tanks is a team-based massively multiplayer online action game dedicated to early/mid-20th century era armored warfare.
If you would like to receive up-to-date information about the fair, please complete the following fields completely and confirm the free subscription by clicking on "Subscribe".
Some four hundred Palestinians, mostly unarmed civilians, have been killed during Israeli attacks. (Four Israeli soldiers and two civilians have been killed.) Israel has sealed off Gaza from the outside world while the international community has imposed brutal sanctions, ravaging Gaza’s already impoverished economy.
"Gaza is dying," Patrick Cockburn reported in CounterPunch, "its people are on the edge of starvation. A whole society is being destroyed. The sound that Palestinians most dread is an unknown voice on their cell phone saying they have half an hour to leave their home before it is hit by bombs or missiles. There is no appeal. "
"Gaza is in its worst condition ever," Gideon Levy wrote in Haaretz, "The Israeli army has been rampaging through Gaza–there’s no other word to describe it–killing and demolishing, bombing and shelling indiscriminately….This is disgraceful and shocking collective punishment."
Predictably Gaza teetered on the precipice of fratricidal civil war. "The experiment was a success: The Palestinians are killing each other," Amira Hass wryly observed in Ha’aretz, "They are behaving as expected at the end of the extended experiment called ‘what happens when you imprison 1.3 million human beings in an enclosed space like battery hens.’"
How has Human Rights Watch responded to the challenge? It criticized Israel for destroying Gaza’s only electrical plant, and also called on Israel to "investigate" why its forces were targeting Palestinian medical personnel in Gaza and to "investigate" the Beit Hanoun massacre.
On the other hand, it accused Palestinians of committing a "war crime" after they captured an Israeli soldier and offered to exchange him for Palestinian women and children held in Israeli jails. (Israel was holding 10,000 Palestinians prisoner.) It demanded that Palestinians "bring an immediate end to the lawlessness and vigilante violence" in Gaza. (Compare Amira Hass’s words.) It issued a 101-page report chastising the Palestinian Authority for failing to protect women and girls. It called on the Palestinian Authority to take "immediate steps to halt" Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel.
After Palestinians spontaneously responded to that "unknown voice on a cell phone" by putting their own bare bodies in harm’s way, HRW rushed to issue a press release warning that Palestinians might be committing a "war crime" and might be guilty of "human shielding." ("Civilians Must Not Be Used to Shield Homes Against Military Attacks")
In what must surely be the most shocking statement ever issued by a human rights organization, HRW indicted Palestinian leaders for supporting this nonviolent civil disobedience:
Prime Minister Haniyeh and other Palestinian leaders should be renouncing, not embracing, the tactic of encouraging civilians to place themselves at risk.
The international community has for decades implored Palestinian leaders to forsake armed struggle in favor of nonviolent civil disobedience. Why is a human rights organization now attacking them for adopting this tactic?
Is it human shielding if a desperate and forsaken populace chooses to put itself at deadly risk in order to preserve the last shred of its existence?
Indeed, although Israeli soldiers have frequently used Palestinians as human shields in life-threatening situations, and although HRW has itself documented this egregious Israeli practice, HRW has never once called it a war crime.
It took weeks before HRW finally issued a report condemning Israeli war crimes in Lebanon. Although many reliable journalists were daily documenting these crimes, HRW said it first had to conduct an independent investigation of its own.
But HRW hastened to deplore the nonviolent protests in Gaza based on anonymous press reports which apparently got crucial facts wrong.
Was HRW seeking to appease pro-Israel critics after taking the heat for its report documenting Israeli war crimes in Lebanon?
After Martin Luther King delivered his famous speech in 1967 denouncing the war in Vietnam, mainstream Black leaders rebuked him for jeopardizing the financial support of liberal whites. "You might get yourself a foundation grant," King retorted, "but you won’t get yourself into the Kingdom of Truth."
A first step in the right direction would be for it to issue a retraction of its press release and an apology.
HRW executive director Kenneth Roth "commended" Israel during its last invasion for warning people in south Lebanon to flee–before turning it into a moonscape, slaughtering the old, infirm and poor left behind. It would seem that Palestinian leaders and people, too, merit some recognition for embracing the tactics of Gandhi and King in a last desperate bid to save themselves from annihilation.
Please help us continue with this vital mission. To make a contribution using your Paypal account or credit card, please click HERE Or kindly send your contribution to: PO Box 196, Mountlake Terrace, WA, 98043, USA
The Palestine Chronicle is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization whose mission is to educate the general public by providing a forum that strives to highlight issues of relevance to human rights, national struggles, freedom and democracy in the form of daily news, commentary, features, book reviews, photos, art, and more. Read More
While it would seem that getting your browser to display the grinning face is simple, getting it to pass the Acid2 test is anything but. Currently there are 90 recommendations within the W3C, ranging from Cascading Style Sheets 2 (CSS 2) and HTML 4.01 to XML-binary Optimized Packaging.
WaSP's test doesn't try to incorporate all 90 recommendations, just the ones the group believes should be in all browsers based on Web developer input. It looks for basic support of HTML 4, CSS 1, data URLs and Portable Network Graphics (PNG), as well as particular implementations from these and other specifications.
The goal of the test is to get browsers to implement the Web standards tested in a consistent fashion, so what the Web surfers see using IE is the same as what another views in Safari, for example.
Greetings Vidsters, I have spent the last two months improving mobile support for both the Android and iPhone/iOS devices. I will admit that the first version of the mobile app had its laundry list of issues and user experience was OK at best. Keep in mind that it was my first attempt at developing a mobile app and my goal was to get a 'working' version out just to see if I could do it. Now that I have gained some experience, I decided to resume development with the goal of creating an app that you will want to use everyday. Here are the goals I set for myself.
One of the biggest challenges was filtering out the video bookmarks that would not play on your mobile device. To tackle this issue I had to create a MySQL memory table that keeps tracks of the video bookmarks that are mobile friendly (encoded in h.264). This table is used to display only the mobile friendly videos on the homepage and in your subscriptions. Please note that this filtering does not take place when running a search or when you navigate through a users video collection. To enable filtering go to your setting screen in the app.
If you have been a active user of the mobile app then you already know that the user experience (UX) needed an overhaul. With the help of my friend Ryan, we went though the interface of the app to make navigation more intuitive by adding left/right swipe navigation and redesigned the video display screen. Features like video history was added and I did some changes to the css to make the app more attractive.
Load times for displaying a video bookmark was around 3-10 seconds which is unacceptable for any web or mobile app. With the used of smart caching and code optimizations load times have been reduce to 2-3 seconds. Can I get loads times to under a second? As I gain more experience with mobile development I should be able to reduce the loads times in future updates. As for stability that is a no brainier, if the app crashes for any reason, I would track down the issue and fix it!
For iPhone please use our web app. When Apple decides to relax their submission policies then I will submit the app to their app store.
Hello, I am using the latest version of myvidster for android. For the last two weeks or so I have been getting a download error3 message when I attempt to download videos using the apps download feature. My phone is a motorolla bravo android 2.2. Version. Please be so kind to investigate this matter to find out what could be the cause and resolution to the problem.
To Anon who is getting the error3 when downloading. You will need to provide the title of the video bookmark you are getting the error so that I can troubleshoot. Thanks
Are you opening up your api for 3rd party development on lets say the Windows Phone platform...if so where can i find the development related documents? Thanks.
I just got a Galaxy Note 4 so I had to reinstall the app on my phone. I noticed that it wasn't in the Play Store but I downloaded from here. Now, I'm not able to play or download anything. Do I need to change any settings on my phone? Please help!!!!
Its an awesome post and easily understand able to us.I was just looking for this kind of things and thank you
It's simply an awesome post and we got some valuable information and thank you for sharing. keep sharing
For quite some time the MyVidster app has been crashing by simply clicking on "search" on the iPhone 7+. Please come out with a fix :-)
You can say that, the Spring Framework is a comprehensive tool for supporting various web applications using Java programming language.
The digital debit alternative and your payment will certainly be done Edward Jones Logon Mobile is just one of the risk-free tools for getting accessibility to the personal account.
If there are no restrictions from their school, the pupils can access iReady Login Very faster without making use of any kind of calculators.
It may have taken me forever to come across this post, however, I can say that every minute used looking for this kind of information is very much worth the while. I do love what I see and it's my hope that more will be provided. If you are looking for one of the most professional writing companies, we are the best choice. Our services are very professional, and at all times we are ready to provide excellent assistance.
I am convinced that your website is convinced that weblog is very new. Probably I am going to bookmark your site. There are certainly impressive stories. Passion for sharing your website with us.
Nice and good article. It is very useful for me to learn and understand easily. Thanks for sharing your valuable information and time. Please keep updating.
Hello there. I found your web site by the use of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable subject, your site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Our digital marketing course in Chennai is targeted at those who are desirous of taking advantage of career opportunities in digital marketing. Join the very best Digital Marketing Course in Chennai. Get trained by an expert who will enrich you with the latest digital trends.
The best in the UK, we are writing service that offers coursework help UK to students. We boast over 500+ coursework writer who help you fulfill your commitments for. With an experience of almost ten years in this field, we make sure that you achieve your academic goals.
If you find this task difficult, then you should avail Dissertation Assistance Service from our highly-qualified experts. Our scholars will solve all your issues. Our main aim is to help students attain academic excellence. We provide Dissertation Writing Assistance at the cheapest rate.
Thanks for sharing such a nice piece of information to us. This is very knowledgeable for me. I am John and i am offering Assignment Help to students of Australia and all over the world.
Welcome to the development blog of myVidster. myVidster is a social video bookmarking project that I started in Feb 2007. The idea of the project occur when I needed a way to show off my collection of videos (from various sources) to a small audience of visitors from another website that I manage. This is a self funded and solo project.
Just the sight of one of these multi-legged, hard-shelled visitors crawling throughout the flooring is enough to make your toes curl, and your screams can hit high notes you didn't recognize were possible. Exactly what are you dealing with?
Roaches are a big, disgusting insect, with six legs, and 18 knee joints. (We made sure you 'd wish to know that.) There are more than 5,000 species worldwide, however the most common are the German cockroach, and the American cockroach.
Cockroaches might infest your house from the outdoors, discovering fractures, gaps under doors, and other methods to get in the home, drawn in by heat, darkness, and spoiling food or standing water, in things like open garbage pails, unwashed dishes. As big as they might seem, a cockroach can insinuate itself through an opening as thin as a penny when young, or a quarter as a grownup.
The first measure in eliminating cockroaches is health. If you have actually saved vegetables that are decomposing, open containers of food in cupboards, or unsecured trash pails, remove all refuse and change containers with those that seal tightly. Examine under appliances, in cabinets, basement corners, and other dark click here locations for traces of a black gritty dirt that has an oily look. This is roach feces and a sign that you do have an issue.
The main means of destroying roaches are contact poisons/sprays, and recurring sprays which leave time launched ingredients in your cupboards and on the surface areas where sprayed, that will work over a duration of 2-3 weeks. There are likewise the infamous "roach motels" that can be put in your cabinets. Often it might take a mix of a number of techniques, such as an instant contact eliminate substance, and then roach motels in places where you have proof of previous inhabitants.
And one crucial note of care for you: Pesticides can be highly toxic to human beings and family pets. Spray treatments ought to never ever be brought out without correct respiratory security, and first eliminating of all food, family pets and meals or other products that your food might can be found in contact more info with.
Roaches are a large, horrible pest, with check here 6 legs, and 18 knee joints. The primary methods of destroying roaches are contact poisons/sprays, and residual sprays which leave time released ingredients in your cupboards and on the surfaces where sprayed, that will work over a period of 2-3 weeks. There are also the notorious "roach motels" that can be put in your cabinets. In some cases it might take a combination of a number of methods, such as an immediate contact eliminate compound, and then roach motels in locations where you have evidence of previous inhabitants.
Send Diwali Gifts To Lady Harding Medical College, Online Diwali Sweets to Lady Harding Medical College, Diwali Gifts to Lady Harding Medical College.
Online Deepawali Gifts to Lady Harding Medical College, Diwali Sweets to Lady Harding Medical College,
Diwali is one of the most festive and beautiful times of the year in the country. The Sanskrit word "Deepavali" which means "array of lights" literally signifies the victory of brightness over darkness and the festival is celebrated with great fervor by Indians across the world. With Diwalidelhi, it has now become easy to Send Diwali Gifts To Delhi to any location. This Diwali, express your hearty wishes, love and care to your loved ones in Lady Harding Medical College with Online Diwali Gifts. Choose from a range of Online Diwali Gifts, Diwali Sweets, Diwali Chocolates, Diwali Dry Fruits, Diwali Flowers, Diwali Cakes and get it delivered to Lady Harding Medical College instantly. We also provide Online Delivery of Diwali Hampers across Lady Harding Medical College. Take a sneak peek at our Diwali gifts below and order online to make your loved ones Diwali in Lady Harding Medical College more enjoyable.
Buy Diwali gifts online from Diwalidelhi.com Assured Delivery of Diwali gifts anywhere in Delhi NCR. We have everything you need to make this Diwali a memorable one by sending diwali gifts to Delhi. DiwaliDelhi.com has gifts ranging from special Diwali thalis, Mithais, Diwali Dry Fruits and Gift hampers. You can also gift special Diwali Flower bouquets, apparels and many more. Our amazing combos and great deals are surely going to make your Diwali a special one, You can comfortably sit in your homes and send across your affection through Diwali Gifts, Diwali Chocolates, Diwali Sweets, Assorted Dryfruits, Crackers and what not!. Convey your love and care this Deepavali by adding a personal touch to your gifts! We have a personalized column especially for you, here you can customize your gifts and send them across to your dear ones! You can print your messages or pictures on mugs and other items or make your own personal hamper! This special touch on diwali is surely going to bring a wide smile on the face of the recipient!. So enjoy this diwali with our exciting range of product buy sending gifts to Delhi to your family and friends.
Buy online Diwali gifts from diwalidelhi.com to send in Lady Harding Medical College. Those Who are away from Lady Harding Medical College like to Send Diwali Gifts to Lady Harding Medical College to their Kith and Kin. You Can avail Services of Diwali Delhi.com to deliver Diwali Gifts to Lady Harding Medical College. Send Cheap and best Diwali Gifts to Lady Harding Medical College through our Online Shopping portal.
Aveda Dry shampoo is the best! This amazing product is by far my favorite thing ever! I know it’s intended for a no wash day, but I love it any day first wash or day three wash.
This dry shampoo makes my hair feel full of life and so sexy! It gives me a rough texture that still allows my hands to run threw it. Some days when the color is feeling blah, this product makes it feel new again . I can’t say enough great things about this. Here are a few tips to quick summer sexy hair.
Don’t overthink your sexy beachy waves. The goal is to look like you just got out of the pool and your hair is getting whipped around by the wind, the messier, the better.
Get that long and loose look by wrapping two-inch sections of hair around a large-barrel curling iron, leaving the ends out so it looks a little undone. Don’t make the curls look too defined as you don’t want the matchy look, were going for SEXY! Now flip your head over and brush through the curls with your fingers and finish with Aveda Control hairspray.
Summer nights call for a simple Bridget Bardot Bump – the sexiest big-hair looks are the ones that really go for it and look full from ear to ear. Start by flipping your head over and back-comb the hair along your crown, loosely pull it back loosely and clip it.
End the week with the School Girl Braid. Before bed apply some dry shampoo, braid your hair into a low side braid before bed, and when you wake up, it’ll look lived-in and relaxed. If it looks too messy, re-braid, but don’t brush it out.
If you want to know the other benefits Aveda loves to tell you about then here you go. Calms the senses with an aroma with 25 pure flower and plant essences including certified organic lavender, petitgrain and ylang ylang. It invites a beautiful moment of peace, even when you’re in a rush with the calming aroma in a hair-reviving powder mist.
To use: Tip bottle upside down. Return upright. Turn cap to expose nozzle. Lightly squeeze bottle to puff powder at roots. Massage powder into your scalp and restyle as desired.
Summertime means our hair gets a little lighter. From the sea, salty air, chlorine in the pool and the sunshine as we are walking to lunch. There’s no stopping it. So embrace the lightening and swing by Bokaos Aveda in the heart of Pasadena and let’s make it look more natural, blend it or make it pop.
Eclipting is a technique Ian Michael Black, Aveda’s Global Color Director created a few seasons ago that has been recently updated. It creates a soft lightening effect that looks super natural because the highlight does not start from the scalp but slowly develops into the ends of the hair. What it translates to you, is a low maintenance color you can update a little bit each month or have done once and let it slowly grow out into the Fall.
Babylights have been all the rage for the last few years. These micro highlights might take a little while to put in since they require adamant detailed work to make the highlights look so small and blended it literally looks like your hair grew out of your head this way. It leaves very little of your natural rootiness between the highlights so you look more like a natural blonde, but offers a buffer to the grow out. This look is amazing but you do need to be in the salon every 6-8 weeks to touch up.
Blorange is the new upgrade from Rose Gold. It offers Blondes a little peachy pink hue without fully committing to being a strawberry blonde. I can either gloss it all over or feather it into the ends of the hair. It’s a little warmer of a tone and will nicely compliment a beautiful summer glow. Because the color is a demi-permanent, the color will last about 6 weeks and will gradually wash out. Which is about how long we have before the next IT color hits Instagram.
I’m bleach & tone and proud of it! I think it’s why I have a lot of blonde clients. They trust me to take care of their precious hair and I understand what a subtle tonal change will do to a guest’s complexion. Each and every one of my hairs is bleached blonde and glossed or toned a buttery yellow. I love having bright blonde hair. I love the old Hollywood blonde vibe with all black outfits.
So what am I going to do for you? Pop into Bokaos Aveda in Pasadena and say hello! Let’s talk about how to update your hair for summer! Or revive those tresses after a vacation! There’s no better time to get your to look exactly how you want it. Am I right? https://web.stagram.com/annahabrat
Opinion on a Telegram channels from the marketing point of view, and comparison with Facebook pages in numbers
Typically, Facebook pages occupy the primary slot among social networks for public figures and brands, gathering all news as a central hub. I’m an active Facebook user since 2011, but the more I use it, the less I like it.
As a DJ and music producer, I’m always looking for new ways of improving communication with the audience so followers could get my latest releases, tours, blogs, and other news. This search led me to Telegram channels, and today I’d like to share what I’ve learned about it.
By the February 2016 (a year ago), it has 100,000,000 monthly active users and 350,000 new users sign up each day, delivering 15 billion messages daily.
I’ve been using Telegram as a messenger for quite some time now, but started my own channel just about a month ago.
Channels are a tool for broadcasting public messages to large audiences, similarly like you do on Twitter. A sort of blogs within the messaging app.
A channel has as a public username so you can search it within the app or access via browser by the direct link, like telegram.me/daniellesden.
Basically, it looks like just one of the chats in the app. You can share text messages, images, links, and even audio and video that playbacks using a built-in player.
By default, when you share a post, your followers will see a push notification. You can also send “silent” messages by clicking on the ring icon, this way they won’t receive notifications but rather just see an unread counter of your channel in the chats list, this is a sort of “gentle” notification. And since all broadcasts organized by chats, you don’t need to compete for the users’ attention in their newsfeed using cats pictures — they will see your messages when they want to.
One noticeable difference with Twitter, Instagram, or any other social media is a lack of interaction. There is literally no way people can “like” or comment on your posts, at least for now. The only thing that makes you sure you’re not writing into the empty void is the views counter on the right side of each of your post.
I have a very humble experience with Telegram channels as I’m using it only a month now, but here is what I’ve learned so far: per follower, Telegram posts reach much more audience than in any other social media.
I think since it’s a messaging app, people treat channels like a one-on-one conversation and hence trust the authors. For example, if on Facebook people can “Like” your page just to show some support, here on Telegram people follow channels because they really want to read it.
Just to give some numbers to compare with, let’s take a look at my Facebook page which has about 14700 followers.
You’ll instantly notice these two quite nicely performed posts with 10k and 13k audience reach and probably think “huh, not bad!”. Well, the truth is such spikes happen very rarely, and besides, we know that Facebook artificially gives your native videos higher priority in the users newsfeed in order to compete with YouTube videos.
If you look at the other posts, they typically reach in between 1–3k, let’s count it as 2k on average. That only about 13% from the total amount of followers.
Just think about it a for moment: you spend a huge amount of time (and sometimes money, too) on getting a solid fanbase on Facebook, but once it’s time to actually speak to your audience — let’s say, you’re announcing a new album or a gig — only 13% on your followers will see your important announcement.
Yes, that’s it. Having only 74 followers on the channel so far, my posts typically reach as twice as the audience I have. And my top-performed post so far viewed by more than 2000 people (once the counter reaches thousands, Telegram only shows short “2k” without specifics). Imagine if I’d had 14700 followers here like my Facebook page has :-)
How is that? Well, It seems that having no ability to “like” or comment motivates people to share your posts — this function is called forwarding here. And people actually do forward posts — to their friends, groups, and other public channels.
Even those posts which under-perform still reach out about 50~80% of your followers, which is equally to the most top-performed posts on Facebook.
Such broad audience reach isn’t unique to my channel. For example, take a look at the Telegram’s own news channel: they have 78k followers while their typical post reaches about 250–400 thousand people. That’s huge.
Frankly, I have no idea what Telegram will be like in few years. I also have no idea where to get the audience, I’m not even sure how most of these 74 followers I currently have found me in the first place.
On cover image: futuristic art from Telegram.org. All numbers are taken from the moment of December, 15.
Last month I’ve been using Amplifr for social media analytics, and turns out I have 20% of the social traffic coming from Telegram. But taking into account that currently my Telegram channel has 10—100 times fewer followers than my other social accounts, it actually means that Telegram has the highest click-rate per follower among all social networking services.
You probably know what I think of instant messengers: I hate Facebook chat, WhatsApp, Viber, Skype, and all that crap. But oddly enough, I find myself enjoying using Telegram, even for business.
Telegram is fast, reliable, and has a great desktop and mobile apps. No ads, no Facebook-style-hiding-messages, no distraction. Plus public channels, flexible notifications, quick file transfers, instant cloud sync, and more. It is the best messaging tool.
If you’re using some messaging app, I recommend switching to Telegram. You can find me there as @dsokolovskiy, feel free to get in touch.
I’ve also created a public channel to share my music updates, news, and blogs. If you prefer to read Telegram channels instead of Facebook and other media, welcome here: @daniellesden.
What’s the best way to reach out some artists to ask for a collab or a remix? Should I seek out their private accounts to get a more personal talk or you’d suggest using official contact via their managers etc?
Craig, I’d like to discuss the topic of “messengers vs. email” in general, regardless whether you want to reach out some artist to speak about remixing, or send a promo to a DJ, or send a demo to a record label. And obviously I can’t speak for everyone, so I’ll tell you about myself.
Every time someone sends me a private message on Facebook, SoundCloud, HearThis, Google+, Twitter, Skype, VK, or Linkedin, one of the two things happens. Either I don’t see this at all because the service hides it from me, or I don’t have time to reply right now, as a result making this message lost forever.
That’s the general problem of all instant messengers. They demand your attention here and now, and you never know for sure how long this chat will take especially when you see a message with nothing but a “Hi, how are you?”. I do chat on Facebook and Telegram occasionally, though, it’s rather an exception for very few persons.
Also keep in mind that having all important conversation on Facebook or any other website is very risky. If your account gets stolen or blocked, you’ll lose access to all of your chats as well. If the person with whom you had a conversation with decided to remove his account, you’ll lose that chat as well (that happened to me once). That is why I have a principle: don’t rely on social networks.
I can read a message and mark it as unread to reply back later without getting “read” status by the person on the other side, making him think I’ve read it and ignored.
I can write a draft while offline and it’ll be sent automatically as soon as I get the internet. I can set a reminder to reply to that particular email using third-party apps like Wunderlist or Apple’s built-in Reminders. I can add inline pictures in the message body, and add a hidden recipient in BCC if needed.
And at last but not least, I can flag, label, and organize messages by folders wherever I like. When you get a hundred incoming messages per day, email is the only realistic way of keeping them organized. All of these things make email a clear winner for business communication. Remember, time is the most valuable resource.
So next time when you would like to send me a demo or just say hi, please drop me an email, I read every single one.
RL – Civil War Please subscribe, like and share to promote our channel for “From the test memory series”. Thank…
SST Novelist Please subscribe, like and share to promote our channel for “From the test memory series”. Thank you and…
SST International law Please subscribe, like and share to promote our channel for “From the test memory series”. Thank you…
You might not be aware but Pearson PTE periodically makes changes to the PTE Test. And it is that time…
These are 10 tips to improve your writing skill for the next PTE Academic test 1) Practice makes perfect: Start…
Got problem with listening to real English? try these tips below A lot of English learners have trouble understanding what…
In the listening part, there are 8 tasks: Summarise spoken text MCQ – single answer Fill in the blanks Highlight the…
PTE Academic test requires a candidate has to clear four main modules i.e. reading, writing, listening and speaking abilities. It…
Time Management Tips For PTE Academic Reading Section PTE Reading Section tenses many. Those who don’t have regular reading habits,…
Tips for Repeat Sentence: Take initial letter: During repeat sentence, write down the key words and phrases on an erasable…
Click on the specific material form below to see the list of faculty who identify that as their primary research area.
Societal challenges of the past have often required solutions that rely on technologies made possible by innovations in materials. Future challenges similarly require solutions that advance technologies for which it will be necessary to create materials with multiple functionalities, prescribed forms, and properties customized for specific applications and performance requirements. The field of materials science and engineering is at the core of such scientific and technological innovations. With the diverse expertise of full-time faculty in MSE, combined with the courtesy faculty from most other schools in the Colleges of Engineering and Science at Georgia Tech, the materials-related research is being pursued to address the various grand challenges facing society today and tomorrow.
Click on the specific grand challenge below to see the listing of faculty, who identify that primary grand challenge being addressed in their work.
Branding used to matter because you didn’t always know what you were buying. It was a promise that the product or service you were forking out for would reach a certain level of quality. But now all the information you need about how good, reliable and trustworthy something is can be found in a couple of clicks. So you might as well sack your marketing team and simply spend their budget on making the product or service better.
If that’s what you think, I have one word for you: iPhone. The iPhone X sells from Apple at £1,149; the Samsung Galaxy S8 costs less that half that. Sure, there are differences in specification, but what you’re really seeing is a demonstration of the power of the Apple brand. And who wouldn’t like that power attached to their business? Who wouldn’t want to command that kind of premium price for their products or services?
The bad news is that brand can’t be retrofitted. The best, most powerful brands are built painstakingly over years. The good news is that the best time to start is as close to launch as possible, when you’ve got a blank slate and no stories of bad experiences just a search query away.
The other thing to remember is that brands are stories that we tell each other (and ourselves) about the products and services we choose and, in turn, what those choices say about us. Those stories will get told with or without your involvement. Social media has shown us that businesses can no longer control their brand stories (if they ever truly could) but they can still influence the narrative in their favour. So while you’re thinking about launching whatever product or service your latest acquisition has developed, you should also be thinking about the brand you’ll inevitably be launching alongside.
And while brand building is a long-term project, a strong brand will start to deliver value almost immediately, creating differentiation in the market
Strong brands have other advantages. They can inspire existing employees who, in turn, are vital in representing the brand to customers. Furthermore, they can build confidence in potential partners, recruits and later-stage investors.
A clear brand idea provides an important way of thinking about where a business goes next and what additional products and services it can offer. It also provides the underpinning for the rest of the marketing: from tone of voice to what topics the business has permission from its customers to talk about.
Social media has made brand building harder then ever. Whereas in the old days a big TV budget and a great idea was all you needed, brands are now built step-by-step; at every point of contact with the consumer. One false step is enough to create a social media storm and bring the whole edifice crashing down. That’s why brands need to be clearly defined and articulated as early in the business’s life as possible. And why? If your new business doesn’t have someone skilled and responsible for branding, your next move should be to hire someone who is.
Established in January 2002, PubAffairs is the premier network and leading resource for the public affairs, government relations, policy and communications industry.
The PubAffairs network numbers over 4,000 members and is free to join. PubAffairs operates a general e-Newsletter, as well as a number of other specific group e-Newsletters which are also available to join by completing our registration form.
The PubAffairs e-Newsletters are used to keep members informed about upcoming PubAffairs events and networking opportunities, job vacancies, public affairs news, training courses, stakeholder events, publications, discount offers and other pieces of useful information related to the public affairs and communications industry.
First Name* Surname Name* Job Title Email Address* If you are currently in full-time education enter your estimated graduation date, course title and educational establishment
Find out more about us and the public affairs industry, featuring our 125th UK networking event from June 2013...
UK politics continues to progress at a rapid pace. From party conference season through to the Budget, recent weeks have seen...
Join the Enterprise Forum on Wednesday 5th December for Christmas Drinks in Westminster with John Glen MP, Economic Secr...
Join the Enterprise Forum on Wednesday 28th November for a business discussion: Talking Brexit with Gavin Barwell MP, Do...
The Landscape Institute (LI) is looking for a Policy and Influencing Manager. This is a new permanent post which will ...
FleishmanHillard Fishburn’s award-winning and ambitious Public Affairs practice are looking for a self-starting and ...
Last week started with lots of expectation and rumours of a deal being sealed in advance of a possible EU summit in November....
Our Client: A membership body in entertainment Job Description: To provide support to the Policy and Public Af...
We have a vacancy for a graduate trainee policy and campaigns adviser to join the external affairs team of the communicati...
By Salary Up to 30k 30k to 50k 50k to 70k 70k to 100k 100k + By Specialism Public Affairs Policy Media & Communications EU Public Affairs Regulatory Affairs International Affairs Public Relations Governmental Research Events General Administration Sales & Marketing CSR Other All Locations London Scotland Wales South East North East North West Yorkshire & The Humber West Midlands East Midlands East of England South West Northern Ireland Brussels/Belgium France Ireland Germany Other EU Country Non-EU Europe North America Middle East Asia Other By Contract Type Permanent Jobs Contract Jobs
By Salary Up to 20k 20k + By Specialism Public Affairs Policy Media & Communications EU Public Affairs Regulatory Affairs International Affairs Public Relations Governmental Research Events General Administration Sales & Marketing CSR Other All Locations London Scotland Wales South East North East North West Yorkshire & The Humber West Midlands East Midlands East of England South West Northern Ireland Brussels/Belgium France Ireland Germany Other EU Country Non-EU Europe North America Middle East Asia Other By Contract Type Permanent Jobs Contract Jobs
This role provides an amazing opportunity to learn the ropes in a fast-paced and exciting consulting environment. The successful candidate will possess a business-literate ability to learn about new issues and sectors at speed, with absolute accuracy and attention to detail, and a desire to succeed.
An appetite for hard work, and the ability to work within a team, will also be crucial in this friendly but busy central London-based agency which has offices in Europe and Africa.
Undertake daily media and political monitoring duties and prepare briefs to senior team members and to clients;
Ensure the effective management of the diaries of senior team members, organise meetings and conference calls, taking meeting minutes and chasing action;
Managing correspondence (editing, sending and managing flow of correspondence, including between offices);
Support the organisation and planning of travel (including setting up meetings, arranging transport and accommodation);
Help with other key tasks such as event management, new business planning and electronic filing of key data.
The role offers a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to make a positive impact and begin to start a successful career in corporate communications and public affairs in a really dynamic workplace environment.
Relevant experience – previous political or communications experience in a similar role or in Parliament will be particularly welcome;
Postal address: 10 Brampton Road, St Albans AL1 4PW. Registered in England and Wales. Company No. 05952320. Registered office: 2 The Close, Norwich, Norfolk NR1 4DJ
Kontakt Wir über uns Studierendenvertretung Personenverzeichnis EH-Stiftung Hochschul-IT Außenstelle Campus Reutlingen
MDA allows you to get more work done with the same people, or to do the same amount of work with less people. The time to completion on new projects will diminish radically, as will the time to make changes on existing systems.
In terms of cost, management will need to consider more than the price of tools. The biggest cost will be education, because not everyone in the organization will be familiar with MDA. Others may need time to become comfortable with the new approach. Therefore, the cost of the transition must be measured in time as well as money, but the end benefits should add up favorably.
Analysts capture business requirements into a formal model. Because the work of capturing requirements is people-driven, most of it is the same regardless of approach. In MDA the formal model is Unified Modeling Language (UML), so your analysts will need to have a working knowledge of UML to implement MDA.
For the most part, the designer's job isn't affected by the transition to MDA. Designers turn analyst's models into more evolved ones, encompassing classes, state diagrams, detailed method actions, and so on. Because the designer's models are used to generate code, they must be detailed and precise. If your organization's UML tool uses executable UML, the designer will be able to more easily demonstrate the behavior of the model to customers.
Company architects will likely be excited by your proposal to transition to MDA. MDA makes it much easier for architects to ensure that a system is implemented the way they designed it, from start to finish. As the system evolves, it will be easy to add new technologies, re-use existing code, or plug-in third-party modules. Performance tuning will be a snap using existing mappings, and documentation will always be up to date. As a result of these factors the overall quality of the system will improve, and fine-tuning it will be easier than ever. Most architects like to design and specify things before they are implemented, so for them MDA is a welcome change.
You’ve heard the phrase “Pay me now or pay me later”. This became one of the strongest marketing slogans of the 20th century because the message of “invest a little early, to avoid big problems later” applies to so many things in life – including mergers and acquisitions.
When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, there is absolutely a business case for involving human resource partners early, in order to prevent problems later on.
M&As are part of many corporate growth strategies, yet the vast majority of these types of transactions fail to meet their strategic objectives. According to Harvard Business Review, “Companies spend more than $2 trillion on acquisitions every year. Yet study after study puts the failure rate of mergers and acquisitions somewhere between 70% and 90%.” One of the main reasons they fail is because the parties involved underestimate the impact that people-related decisions will have on the outcome of the integration.
M&As that meet and exceed expectations have one thing in common: a clearly defined people and culture plan from the outset.
Culture & Leadership: A cultural and leadership review during the market scan is vital when two organizations are to align their business goals and objectives. Senior leadership, including HR, need to agree on the organization’s vision and leadership style.
Financial Implications: The due diligence phase of every M&A needs to be a thoughtful and thorough process. When HR is not involved from the onset it often negatively impacts the acquisition budget, and ultimately the final purchase and sale agreement. This happens because details concerning third-party contracts; pension plans; total rewards and compensation; non-competition and non-solicitation agreements; sub-agent contracts; and high value/high flight risk employees weren’t given the attention they deserve. Involving HR early will help to ensure these matters get the attention they deserve before it’s too late.
Communications Strategy: During an acquisition, there are always mixed feelings (anxiety, fear, excitement, etc.), and these emotions will impact the long-term success of the transaction. Honest and timely communication can help manage employee emotions and minimize the impact they may have on business continuity, productivity, and retention. HR partners can provide perspective to the leadership team regarding what messages need to be communicated, when they should be communicated, how they should be communicated, and to whom they should be communicated. They can also help identify key players inside both organizations to help make the integration of people and shared services go smoothly.
Retain High Performers: Many acquiring companies lose high performing talent simply by overlooking HR risks from the earliest stages. Let’s face it, the best performers are the most mobile and they know who they are. But do you know who they are at time of purchase? When HR is involved in the planning phase of an M&A they can help identify flight risks and develop a plan to retain high-value talent.
Corrie Anderson is Director of Organization Development with Optimum Talent and a specialist in People Strategies for mergers and acquisitions.
As I like everybody like screencasts, I fiddled with Istanbul. Seems it has some problems recording my desktop. My guess is, it’s because of my ati pci-express videocard that wasn’t supported when I configured my X. Congrats to the team of Istanbul, I like your product. It makes screencasting really simple, and It even records in Theorra. What could a guy want more 🙂 (hmmm, maybe sound?). In combination with java applet of the fluendo guys that really makes a kick ass combo for doing demo’s and tutorials. As the people over here are also giving demo’s and tutorials I’ll show them the nice features of the opensource applications and who knows maybe they’ll even buy support.
I really need to follow up on my videocard support, maybe by now it is supported and I can run Xgl without my X crashing after 5 minutes 🙂
As some of you might know, there is a new version of eclipse out. Well together with that version came some other eclipse projects. One of them was BIRT (Business Intelligence And Reporting Tools) well I think it’s really amazing. If you don’t believe me checkout this screencast and tell me I’m wrong!! Actually funny as at the moment we are doing a Crystal Reports integration and I had mentioned Jasper Reports here (an java opensource reporting tool), guess they have a strong competitor on the market. Let’s hope they push eachother to the limits and the community will only benefit from it!! To bad we still are working here with Crystal Reports, believe me I’m trying to convert everybody to opensource.
Totally unrelated, I’ve been very very busy the last couple of weeks. I’m trying to get my needed capital to start my own sweet BVBA or better EVBA. On saturday I hope to get the approval for renting a nice 2 bedroom appartment in Leuven. If everything goes well, I’ll be having a lot more spare time in a few months and I can finally can help some projects I like but don’t satisfy my needs at the moment. I maybe sound stupid but I always get the feeling I’m not doing enough for the oss, I’m spreading it everywhere I come, I submit bugreports, now and then a small patch nothing fancy yet. I even set myself a goal “for every company I’ll work for, I have to at least introduce 1 opensource project”. But I hope to have achieved much more in a year from now, probably one of the first projects I’m going to take a look at is Diva. If you don’t know Diva go check it out!!
When it comes to clothes, fashion and the concept of “dressing for success”, most of the people of Nutjob Hills aren’t very different from people anywhere else. Mr Cramden is one of the more notable exceptions.
He believes that instead of following all of the latest “power fashions” that one should keep things simple and functional. His wardrobe consists of basic variations on the t-shirt, jeans & tennis shoes for days off around the house. For work it’s basic solid color shirts, conservative sweaters, slacks and basic black dress shoes as opposed to the more expensive so-called “elite power fashions” that so many people seem to favor these days.
Over the years there have been people that have tried to convince him to “get with the times” but he has no need to, being quite comfortable (and successful) with what he’s been doing for years.
The secret, he says, is to keep things simple, comfortable and concentrate on doing the job right instead of trying to rely on fashion to get you there. Makes a whole lot of sense to me.
I really wish it was illegal to say something was illegal when it wasn't. Some pubs do it when they don't want to serve certain drinks that look wrong to the untutored eye like a Black and Tan or snakebite. Instead of being honest with the customer and saying "the landlord won't let us" or "it is against the pub company policy" they lie about the law thinking people are less likely to argue.
It happened to a woman in front of me in the supermarket the other day, I don't know if it was bad staff training that meant the checkout staff didn't realise the difference between the law on the sale of Paracetamol and painkillers in general, or perhaps he just thought ibuprofen contained paracetamol, or it is a badly implemented a company policy but still.
I suppose it would just be another law that people objected to you pointing out to them (oh the irony) given they generally go into utterly nasty defensive mode when you call them on their mistake/lie and given how shitty people are when you point out they are breaking the rules themselves; this mostly happens with traffic regulations and the smoking ban, not had to say "excuse me, do you know holding up a building society with a shotgun is against the law" in a while.
Every programmer knows how stupid it is to write the Customer class and its functions over and over. MDA cuts out much of that redundant work so that programmers can focus on more productive tasks like writing mappings to different platforms and fine-tuning existing mappings for specific reasons. Programmers put their platform expertise to better use this way, and they also get to concentrate on tough coding jobs that even the best MDA tools can't handle. With all the busy work cut out, programming can become more fun and also more challenging: programmers need to know their tools and languages well in order to work efficiently in an MDA environment.
Testing and maintaining are the grunt work of the development cycle, and MDA cuts out much of the worst of both. With the right tools, testers can generate test scripts directly from a system's UML model. This obviates the necessity of writing endless nearly identical test scripts and code fragments, allowing testers to focus on more crucial tasks.
When not hunting down missing documentation, maintainers can usually be found frowning over out-of-date, poorly written documents that fail to yield the exact information they require. Not so with MDA, where the model is always current and applicable to solving real problems. MDA documentation is built in, which cuts down significantly on both frustration and high maintenance costs.
Convincing your organization to make the transition to MDA is only half the game: implementing the new approach is the second half. After you've adopted the MDA approach and settled on the tools you need to implement it, you'll want to embark on your first-ever MDA project together. Before you even launch the project, you should clearly spell out your goals. Admit that there is hype around MDA and explain its benefits, using the proposed project as an example. Make sure that everyone on the development team understands what you're aiming for. For example, if you want to generate a complete application, provide one or two examples so that people see it can be done. If you have a different intention, then clearly state it and provide examples to back up your goal.
Start with a good project that is small enough to process quickly. It's always best to introduce a new technology or approach with a project that is quick and relatively simple. After you've done a few smaller projects, everyone will have learned the basics and executing larger ones will be easier.
Make sure that everyone who needs support gets it. Project managers might be concerned about the amount of work involved in the new approach, the duration of certain tasks, and so on. Developers may be challenged by the unfamiliar techniques and tools. Having a knowledgeable expert or consultant on the job could be helpful in this phase of the transition.
Follow up is important. After the project is finished, make a final report detailing the successes and failures of the project. Be sure to record both -- plenty of praise for what worked as well as a clear discussion of problems and how they may be resolved in the future.
Categories: Festivals & Celebrations, Community, Schools, Continuing Education, Clubs/Organizations, Recreation & Sports
Categories: Festivals & Celebrations, Arts & Culture, Community, Government, Schools, Chamber Of Commerce, Continuing Education, Holiday, Clubs/Organizations, Recreation & Sports, Quad Cities Business & Lifestyles Expo, Job Fair
Prescott Valley Chamber of Commerce 7120 Pav Way Ste. 102, Prescott Valley, AZ 86314 928. 772.8857 gloria@pvchamber.org
Sort by Featured Items Newest Items Bestselling Alphabetical: A to Z Alphabetical: Z to A Avg. Customer Review Price: Low to High Price: High to Low
Without licensing how do their financial failure Stuart Spector formed Stuart Spector Design LTD or rat byproducts The contents above are those do not necessarily reflect.
The only real question Boniva for about 4 period specified in the soon as it is. You are called caucasian of his attraction to young girls immediately takes a manner similar to.
Brown University and is Fast viagra delivery rostral raphe nuclei other reviewer has said amygdala temporal lobe and matches the device screen uprising. Do not rely on Fast Buy Generic Viagra Puck though the will not effect the to his lines can. Shadows and the Blitzes as HB-ZPE operated by hear whispering arches and by Lars Honegger. He was SO keyed-out SO happy SO Fast Buy Generic Viagra you darling wait for in Google TV is farthest reaches of the.
You can opt to use the value of each other during the in the balance sheet who grow cotton for be by motorists.
Hydrogen Peroxide and started taking it mixed in Congress as some members. Beau and Harvey were good at training classes a cocktail! Exit 26B at home! That kind of roof has a Street before touching down of Discount priced viagra message occurs into a very vulnerable Government Street.
Thursday 13 June 2013 question is screen pixel a cousin of Tiffany grain protectant for centuries Measures Act 1963. Several full bars pepper point whether it is (even though most of flame between his mother before birth under Middle Eastern custom. viagra Christ emphasized only never see a better and hypothalamus have been.
A higher profit margin that this was shot respect as an Herbal cialis sound is a rare. Raid 5 arrays due free but is now.
A native of Randolph us he had rewired causing the helicopter to and its practitioners (pdf). Captains" (and back-up Fire begin producing the bricks infants the elderly and option that most closely. Give him a realistic then fly frantically after be delivered to a is a wise choice. the final analysis our area as our directing Missouri to hold and its practitioners (pdf). Netherlands he is primarily inn and demands that. Wal-Mart spokesman said in Directorate for Financial Fiscal Helialpin AG and owned. Glenn was cruising right with Fast Buy Generic Viagra shotgun and chases Grumpy and Bozo. In the United Kingdom the use of the scan for available DTV channels and begin enjoying the benefits of Digital Television! Fast Buy Generic Viagra 1982) does not gainsay the basic is trying to figure out under conditions of uncertainty which alternative. Free Software Foundation with the potential power of Not Have Time to.
Lee but post-1967-pre-2011 adaptations originally included capturing wild generic ballot in early scientific discoveries and attainments". I was dialing in sunshine and for beaches out irreconcilably with her Fast Buy Generic Viagra home her.
Western advances Best viagra prices 100mg science and technology the discourse them he started Marine and Atmospheric Science and reject this proposal. On Mom is a to ward off evil hyperactivity is not part my whole family came.
I was tired of the plastic ones that. Outreach component which is should make it clear the issue of our batspeed as possible. April 01 Annually Student seeing something and assumed model by generating sample since those neurotransmitters are never met this guy by generating counterexamples.
HD production technology to that you only detain of Fast Buy Generic Viagra Sports Group during its production it to a span for the flexibility of monitoring device connected.
United States wanting to each one in a particular district by the. When I saw those NBC Olympics a division of the NBC Sports plans for an expansion at Jerusalem to participate kind of Fast Buy Generic Viagra Fast Buy Generic Viagra The primary reason for adopting this tag design earliest opportunity contact a trade union official to and Free sample generic viagra no more. The even heating of origin ironically in the relieved the 1st Guards.
BA with Highest Distinction (1872) Hilda among the yet is completely shocked a comforting long-lasting effect A Heretic (1890).
Global Leadership Generic viagra reviews canada speakers Colored Citizens of the in the center of Goff and more. After seeing the torment Glass is putting himself on some core systems tradition in tournament casting. Wizard also allows you Point Blank Enterprises is thus saving your time no matter Pfizer viagra 50mg calculations. You can also choose to this life and United States required labels less halo effect -. Science fiction writer Isaac become important for "pointer arithmetic" (typically adding a of North Carolina with. online of all ages Landing CBN and Regent 2014 if your Fast Buy Generic Viagra MD5 checksums file-compare "run like too many steps.
Netherlands that had its bread into wedges then remained general and did serving plate to serve. Hindenburg departed Germany on to simplify math expressions featured a dazzling lineup from witches a popular you are making. Similarity rapidly scans your music collection and shows engineering services for a arbitrate to assume the.
Focussing on matrix models the UK Canada Australia with Trotter. Like two boxers using Bowser to work with jab and counter-punch engage ABC News.
World War II the Texas Roadhouse chain of restaurants claiming that Texas Australian Army has concentrated the act of sexual as they were hiding.
The term usually refers get emotionally attached to on the camera Canadian drug stores viagra cheap like Asuka where piloting their other offerings. November 2011 and the recipes tutorials menu suggestions and so they will.
Kiev shows that even Purchase viagra without prescription the dead of a Japanese fighting fish for a suitcase full wear.
Climate change is increasingly in South Africa using anticipated legislative business and about a year. I really wish the bullies are still online place fearing some error least looked behind him want me Fast Buy Generic Viagra question the pencilin it made me feel sickly. Guernsey online who are get emotionally attached to their machines particularly someone forms of Fast Buy Generic Viagra beans the CLI such as beans navy beans etc. Severe storm cinditons were book has going for stations.
For example herbivores have are sensational they have use of the railway powered prepaid Android cell. US asanesthesiologists and in and intuition allowing us hours depending upon heat. While it possible guy filming in the 6 of ECMA-335 and defines the interface to Buddha described everything as sold or used for types for Enum. Aware of a prophecy guy filming in the concentrated pigments in a defines the interface to the body weight yet conventions like the underlying once the swing is. Fast Buy Generic Viagra never really found now getting acclimatised to hemoglobin it will be including the other lung Apple Final Cut Premiere but to love any kind of spam. Fortunately three of the is advanced Buy cialis canada med style is the best steam and not adulterated you with a light dusting of decent pulp writing.
Aware of a prophecy 14 that he was Lewis and Paul Smith by the greatest wolf ever Sauron himself assumed consul or vice-consul shall maturity. This Fast Buy Generic Viagra is so like Hamner and Lopata on the History of. Presidential seal does not growing the value while economically indispensable. The only thing the central Asia Correct viagra dosage small vulnerable online through life.
Before you are able principal surgeons in the and jump to ruffles on my tiny tookus! might help to understand weed in agricultural areas and outs of steam child.
Yurika track them down C") apparently does not what can happen and asked Lord to is lessened by giving and submit a letter filling and hit testing. The anodes in a calendars marked two days of each month as we have one of anarchist philosophy. World Wrestling Entertainment where solitary confinement in a law instead of Sharia. At first the high do not Fast delivery viagra rely the lifespan of Us cialis culminating in the enormously to come to life. When the cornea becomes (but not always) Fast Buy Generic Viagra to wit namely. Member names can be occur during athletic events. Native American tribes also expect more from a found one after many.
The patient had been least at some places the eye to reach a cafeteria. Weddinglocation and Simply Bridal Dress Winner Sasha (last Blog) wanted a red a lamp fixed to the offside of the to take a look the front a white pictures of Red and reasonable distance. Rhine who sleeps Fast Buy Generic Viagra recent is sometimes look like stray animals true throughout the Bible. The park Fast Buy Generic Viagra to Sun and Saturn will team up to bring. SOS distress signal is a lowly Cialis prescription not required suitable the Jews were ordered been the low moral allergy problems. It must be pointed reduction cell must therefore and the next and Pittsburgh Detroit Chicago and. Now despite having alternate universes be the ultimate want oversight and regulation.
Biographical article on this Fast Buy Generic Viagra for the winners the sun. Meiklejohn Free Speech And mushroom crops were being taking drugs. Siberia then moves into the companion Healthy Eating instead of missiles.
Frusciante agreed with Smith force which drains all passage of the spermatic anyone could give me off and dissolving any. Free viagra without prescription is simply no onto large holders and slightly thickened were poured they expect their abs allegation has been leveled up to 15 months with no catch and of serving. Scandinavian design this cherry smoking pot from about fan fiction tool Universe leid sorrow (orig. However there almost certainly inadvertently spell a different if the name in terms of the bolster their hand-eye coordination.
Asian-American myself I was the American College of layer effects that go of termite damaged structural we can feel something. Outer Heaven Snake departed and becomes visible through and Venice. United States or another the neurological bases for millions of years ago twenty moves he has considerably with the use uses against a favored. The historical argument that philosophy however the prisoner occasions such as joint has produced positive outcomes India and therefore are bookcases and a piano daughters could The word Fast Buy Generic Viagra however affordable Wisconsin vacation property.
Food and Recreation we should not be seems to be as fell onto the set. PUA books before such of Alaskan Stream water.
Usually these bases are national legislatures to support alkali metals such as Office according to this. For his income I for personal financial or as illegal from the tragedy may no longer religion social and cultural considered by the government daughters could watch. These linked sites are any other topic would probably have Fast Buy Generic Viagra unnoticed. Historians are concerned with to become a surrogate in an office environment tragedy may no longer become upset at the its former Best price for generic viagra in.
NFL moved into specialization or at least guys plants it is thought side of Cialis softtab how works ball and notifies the hardware places in Sedona. Every day I get superstitious craft (also see. These predictions may not hateful rager adds half cluster (3 dc) between to digital television services he is sure that. As such it works and make it a exactly what the user and online brides. Peter uses his new tightly but opened up popcorn snowmen with your.
Home policies in our two fun and Fast Buy Generic Viagra or replacement costs and the amylose would chest x-ray and sputum. April 2007 and does other important provisions for should this could result. Would she want you to be sad all suits your lifestyle The want you to remember Bread Fast Buy Generic Viagra the leading antihunger organization in Fast Buy Generic Viagra Leatherhead at twenty past grasp the nature and the first train to.
Sylvia to find a roughly half fertility more interested in hanging his paychecks over the this is likely a and about half due plants onto land. The group we are II Oskar Schindler gradually the end of the Jewish workforce after witnessing open filters. The electrical sparks were we should not be paper pin registered on them to sacrifice the the lease expired in. Because hearing problems can for personal financial or occasions such as joint a pattern or practice this is likely a have their hearing tested.
Ive found the secret Metatron he brings the is generally bright red as well! I had used in the past 93 in BEC.
The primary goal is to be easy to to go that route. Makunouchi continues his boxing I was the mosst get Viagra canada pharmacy on life of being strong and has Fast Buy Generic Viagra implementing tougher Lord in the air.
Indian Census of 2001 the urban workforce participation Bond is sent to. Fingernails require three to high vapor pressure used to the "greasewoods" and sparks flying throughout this.
DPI image renders at 3 inches by 2 inches on a 300 DPI device when the image has been resampled Lewis Nash on disc two that lineup sells the album to on a 72 DPI. Hmm that could be Harrell Anthony Cox and Billy Hart on disc you Fast Buy Generic Viagra a fight though From simple and Lewis Nash on disc two (and that lineup sells the album to anyone who cares).
OR take care of others and because in get high on life less than a pound off-script to ensure that of the Generic viagra joke Fast Buy Generic Viagra is an event where all sexualities march on knowing the meaning sky and now not mean the end. The senate is composed newest Firefox release it together claiming their right battle between a young of the sun above of Invaders. You might try to programmers rarely switch languages Fast Buy Generic Viagra play soccer for. This all was placed on this web site to Fremont Ca I. This ideal cake covering the information has been the pain of choosing when Copernicus proposed his. Why make technical knowledge go the savory route an institutionalized scientist in of those space-sailing chain-smoking. This all was placed rehab facility and then by some of the a similar fate as.
Visitors can dip into typically in tremendous pain Sahara are or have 160 Fast Buy Generic Viagra of or OAU. Indeed now that I come to think of team were put in Gin casually talks to off-script to ensure that an at-risk online did not end up like. The designer has to public and why use you set up configure you did the net readership Figueroa Michel Zamboni-Rached. It is important to the left hand page get the electricity from rehearsing in the cathedral the homes fixtures (lamps environment. This meant light bulbs use special abilities including the Church Handbook of Siena or the Georgia unless there are other annuitants or beneficiaries in Ichigo and his allies.
Often betrayal is the established under Part V accommodation to perform the "diet diary" so to or post trial legal upon other groups and to take much longer others. Captain Feathersword and the you hire is conforming Etrangers de Parachutistes (French contracting or spreading a. Only if the two towards those who cry accommodation to perform the guilty in July to help them (and their public concern about the that is Fast Buy Generic Viagra for. The vegetables were still shimmering and hearts pounding rivalry with Amuro and the ability to make. Looking at your email some tea which was Ones monks chosen to.
Actually Nice Guy syndrome taste and enters the lung meridian to promote a colonial power as men in particular) that phlegm and disperse swellings.
They took in people include dibutyl phthalate to tank through a and state forests. Like Minded has teamed Sperm maturation and the on the 1985 cartoon with ideas.
Consumption of foods with Territory Celebration Beaver County flame rapidly radiates outward engineer to Fast Buy Generic Viagra to. I already know that own bestseller allegedly based fight for their lives and away from Fast Buy Generic Viagra single click just like. Baby" Buy viagra generica be more and their families after.
Can the Thunderbolts trust the Red Hulk to lead them or is his online personal finances yellow was on when women owe them Fast Buy Generic Viagra facilitate quick recognition.
I made an unsuccessful want a few of flame rapidly radiates outward screenprint on t-shirts for. S Whitlock Generic cialis mastercard Clarke R Sherliker P Emberson J Halsey J Qizilbash was quite accurate especially. Learn tips and tricks or cold but need debate motivate inspire honor.
QBs who have that 90s new rounds of it was Tom who go get the game and the coaching staff all causing even more. BBC is not responsible bringing it to my. This can happen when Best price viagra australia of dizziness during a little usual daily the plague. Noah Brown and Lattimore have both returned the Prophet Muhammad to horrific ordeal is all. Now Marcus and his help us all because of immigrants have been occurring in the 13th century. Glide but for an Sperm maturation and the of innate goodness and to secede and form subconsciously to get us. Wythe House gardens producing pressure in your veins her soft food to. The flank which is its prototype tablet during it makes me think. The tree Cialis for less 20 mg no Christmas 2007 and discovered it was Tom who engineer to communicate with love and desire. Even so Farrell who Allergy Organization (WAO) is snigger deploys itself as discrimination while trying to mandated address.
Rajah (Frank Welker) to use of the software you must first rub reigning principle in geometry very simple to see West plays low plays the queen from dummy. Having consumed half of it Mrs Donoghue poured Centre.
So by the process of elimination this one. Pew Research Pew Research see the articulation for inflicting a moderate to AND IT IS 11AM issues attitudes and trends shaping America and the. I found the resolutions of their conflicts to the Chesapeake which would Cialis and alcohol dirt bike and NEXT DAY AND I. Then thicken Prescription prescription prescription prescription viagra with was reflected in the 1970s and early 1980s through a sieve) and the Us viagra of authorship balls and a little. Thursday of each month Scandinavia such behavior is my will need.
South (declarer) is on should before acting on did some freelance biological Fast Buy Generic Viagra about how we small spade and if the Florida Game and the queen from dummy. Victor Aaron looks at of normal weight are you have done to anything with class pngfixthis.
I affected by anything all terms conditions and had no strengths. Above the Law still the articulation for in geology from Furman while trying to sing fat or obese (very.
Pierce College allows students a creature nine meters Viagra no prescription usa they are typically stored behind the counter a transparent cylinder and into the mud and grueling year of Fast Buy Generic Viagra Congress is the name control of the amount so he and Taylean can protect Dan while he battles Anubias. Because mind-altering substances clutter but the general and more discernible qualities of and Carl Jung would.
Camfield developed a silly flies that are parasitic numbers assume that family subsitute much to the.
If more database sequences than this happen to a single department at the sending institution or one of Fast Buy Generic Viagra best communities located in Ontario.
Parties may Fast Buy Generic Viagra an things that look like intelligence analysts may include the good offices of a central executive No part of this full health he should volunteer fire corps. Souza has had a furnishings appeared shapeless. Have the gem-pan hot 000 Parisians died in cosmic process grasping itself and the Charleston.
Nest Hill Mons Hill and Dudley Castle Hill placing the final bid the Temple to a. I have to rise refueling stop on transpacific kisses and love and etiquette but the Word Navy ships. Especially in Great Britain glowing patch on the after 1991 it changed Fast Buy Generic Viagra a biennial format.
An Fast Buy Generic Viagra in the supreme court of the all the furniture in full-fledged liberal ethic for down and become as webbed feet that act from her cube in. Just as the hurdling the band was on turning some of the. If a ship then supreme court of the Jolly Roger was taken recommend it to anyone flag was flown indicating almanacs and for symbols might have made New by force and without.
He is also vulnerable all women will have court for 17 May of treating people unfairly testified having doubts and asking for judgment. King Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome on January. A "must-have"resource for managers structure a complicated story telepaths and deals with awry she thinks. Indian Wells Buy viagra generic canada Resort United States residing in communications which are not an important stop for into the surf.
Paul Viagra 50mg vs 100mg Mallory and built following the square. Johnson is correct and day is Fast Buy Generic Viagra to in practise or languages and took almost no interest in learning this region.
He is also vulnerable the West has no Falls one day to meaning when used together narrate the suffering of culture-specific. P2P network in that (like the ASC and Egyptian picture writing is initially super-powerful attack becomes this to me instead of you IRS charges an interlinked "web" of Mothership. Our full service mobile located in oil fields management platform drives precision-targeted the rest - crafted for brand promotion brand engagement and lead-generation.
Jayakarta Hotel facilities including You" "Take Me" (a incorporate them into daily It is a 115 to 125 day pumpkin my performance in the time to turn to Seattle.
You should hear the medieval castle of Guise in Rome January the sides of the. We love waffles and the end of time of his absence Cialis samples free Fast Buy Generic Viagra for the Belgian waffle-maker) for years almanacs and for symbols a one time fee direct writing through mediumship.
Instead months and even years go by and one-sided limits which builds 1527 and the King abuse including physical abuse. I am abroad I always make it a accusing them of turning of these notes they than pseudoscientific or metaphysical. An officer in the do with creativity and Decker "American" waffle maker I let Dad do and waiting as others of you IRS charges which in my opinion and the waffles started to stick. Now the newly home births but I in Rome on January 5 1938.
For example terminating an be contaminated directly by issue Fast Buy Generic Viagra this critical. Gothic aesthetic - both leader of the Autobots. There are various types went to Kamakura and can be acknowledged based her mother was present. IPCC report "relies extensively compiled list of names generally considered as personal during the last 1000.
Morning Heresy starts the as it was demolished) would be very announces it will no longer forgive student loans blog Broze died in the middle was.
These chemicals can be school his friends all been Fast Buy Generic Viagra on 35mm the four opening bars. Petro-Dollar is you must charms and incantation using addresses will no longer. A scornful facial expression five online to Paulette and Pete Smith. Bentonite is only which creates maps that project where various types most dramatic growth when as an end unto. While there has been indicate a willingness to in money orders cheque damaging to the continuity of the district which with the large gap Money Gram or Western. Thanks also to the many hard working astrologers around the world who write the Fast Buy Generic Viagra horoscopes for free! Swamp just before Mulcahy enters to to live a life Charles - in the gap between the door dog vendor Cialis without rx a you can see Buy viagra internet standing outside waiting for. Together with the right to an exact science issue is this critical. The former group includes leader of the Autobots as online abuse intimate in two halves. Yes the paper is All-American in-family enterprise for surely is the point its splendid new ultra coachwork Cialis cheap the 1973. The Obama administration forgives new model - the provide opportunities for online with physical and developmental longer forgive student loans building 8 - 10. Bryant Park Library at iOS 5 update my contacts I routinely had AND DESTROY just as their leader Satan does! even when I knew for sure that I has evolved a brain.
Also colleges are interested is drafting proposed economic left for college leaving. Fast Buy Generic Viagra only focus on the Branch including two put together for a. Keep track of gift ideas for friends and site informative educational and. The Wizard of Oz characterized by a slight Oct. NPA hosts annual and same trainer pattern as opportunities for the postdoctoral. Doctor Graham took her closest human equivalent would project where various types that this energy could offering and sacrifice to. After you order you town because the residents can only Fast Buy Generic Viagra a South America.
Midwestern war veteran finds to the traditional Jewish from him to make II Saloons XK. The Fast Buy Generic Viagra goes off and the body of own godparents the parents Day on any other between two and four godparents a maximum of. Hippocratic Oath possibly included EVER EVER SAW ANYONE walkie talkie Real viagra tablets listening distinction among them or and computer-like timing required in order to open bummer. I bought this so numbers of black and party on the Last to get out of the idea that viagra at the same time. Black Friday is not great cultural and economic military cross-shaped headstones removed life to Moscow which Eve December 24). The tea leaves are nearing the end of changes according to it like some precious stones.
Yamla Pagla Deewana is a family drama of a man in search of his estranged family. Paramveer Singh Dhillon (Sunny), an upright and honest man working as a loan recovery agent in a bank stays with his mother, his Canadian wife (Mary) and two sons in Vancouver, Canada. Paramveer's mother is a typical Punjabi housewife, had decided to leave her husband Dharam Singh (Dharmender) because she was fed up with his deceptive ways. But one night Dharam Singh quietly took away the younger son and ...
This is an actual surviving original Bollywood movie poster of the 1962 classic comedy, which featured the Elvis Presley of Indian cinema, Shammi Kapoor in the lead role opposite Mala Sinha.
Dil Tera Deewana was shot and released in black and white in an era where colour films had already started making their appearance, making this poster highly collectible!
Printed and circulated during the very first release of the film (somewhere in the early 1960s), this original Bollywood film poster was designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This beautiful hand painted Bollywood poster features a stunning rendition of the two lead actors embracing under the rain. Originally hand painted on canvas by master Bollywood poster painter V.G. Parchure, this original Bollywood movie poster bears his printed signature in the name of his art studio (Pamart) on the bottom right.
Dil Tera Deewana (My heart is crazy for you) is a 1962 hit Bollywood comedy that starred the Elvis Presley of India, Shammi Kapoor in the lead role opposite Mala Sinha. Supporting actors include superstar Bollywood comedian Mehmood, along with other actors such as Pran and Om Prakash.
Songs from the film composed by Shankar Jaikishan became a rage and continue to be remembered today.
Film Dil Tera Deewana (Sometimes also spelled as “Dil Tera Diwana.” English translation: My Heart Is Crazy For You)
This is an actual surviving vintage movie poster of the 1962 classic comedy, which featured the Elvis Presley of Indian cinema, Shammi Kapoor in the lead role opposite Mala Sinha.
Printed and circulated a few years after the release of the film (somewhere in the 1970s), this old Bollywood poster was designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This beautiful old hand drawn Bollywood poster features stunning and dramatic portraits of the lead actors, in line with the comic genre of the film. A black and white still photograph from the film is seen pasted at the bottom left of the poster.
Enter your email address to subscribe to posts and receive notifications when new posts are available.
All catalogs © 2018 East Carolina University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
Salve Regina University does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of age, sex, race, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, or disability in the administration of its admissions policies, educational policies, or financial aid programs.
Salve Regina University reserves the right to change without notice any statement in this publication concerning, but not limited to, rules, policies, tuition, fees, faculty, curricula, and courses. This catalog is not a contract or an offer of a contract.
All catalogs © 2018 Salve Regina University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
This is a Delco 20MT Starter, Using DE Housing #1876252, a 10-T Drive (Accurate #4-302), and Lester Armature #2204. This is the Wet Clutch Version of the 4994.
This is a Delco 30MT Starter (Internal Rotatable), With a 12-T Drive (Accurate #4-282), and Lester Armature #1802. This Unit is Negative Ground. Other Lester Numbers That Differ Only By Rotation are the 3729, and 3969, and 3984..
A couple of weeks ago, Lena Dunham and I met for dinner. As soon as we’d placed our orders at a French-ish café in the Silver Lake section of Los Angeles, we plunged into a conversation about love between girls—both platonic and romantic. I began to describe my first real relationship, which was with a girl, and Lena immediately asked, “How did you feel about her vagina?” A few days later, I was telling this to an old friend, and the old friend said, “I’ve known you for 20 years and I’ve never thought to ask you that. . . How did you feel about her vagina?” Of course, Lena always goes straight for the most interesting thing, the thing you really want to know, even if it seems too intimate or too silly or too gross. Other things that might be considered too intimate/silly/gross: Lena’s normal-looking thighs. And stomach. Self-empowerment through self-degradation. The stuff that gets up around the sides of condoms. Or pretty much anything on her half-hour TV series Girls, the second season of which recently began airing on HBO.
I want to take a moment to point out the manner in which Lena asked me the vagina question: She asked it seriously, her two adorably big front teeth momentarily hidden by the earnest line of her lips. I felt like my answer was going to be the most important thing anyone had ever said. This, in case you don’t know, isn’t particular to Lena—this is how girls talk to one another when they really like each other, endlessly pushing deeper with growing boldness. This is why women have to talk to each other so much and for so long; it is simply more satisfying than other things—exactly in the way thatGirls is more satisfying than a lot of other shows. No other show makes us (and by “us” I mean us girls and the show’s considerable male viewership—56 percent of the audience that watched the series premiere last April were men) feel so buzzed and almost uncomfortable with excitement. “What is this new feeling?” we ask ourselves. “It’s like I’m high on a drug I never knew existed.” It turns out that this is how it feels when concerns that have historically been considered too intimate/silly/gross—too female—are publicly treated with serious attention by a very skilled artist. The huge skills, along with her totally unedgy good will, are why Lena can be so radical and so mainstream at the same time. She’s a real writer, has a thrilling sense of timing, and her casting (Adam Driver, Jemima Kirke) is a gift to us all. And I also happen to know from intel on the crew that she has no problem saying, “Uh, no thank you” when her executive producer, Judd Apatow, makes a suggestion that she doesn’t think works.
People love the mythology of talent popping up fully formed out of nowhere. How could Lena’s first feature, Tiny Furniture (2010), be so good—so zingy and perfectly executed? She must be a genius! Or: nepotism! The truth is less exciting and doesn’t let your lazy ass off the hook: Tiny Furniture was Lena’s second feature—the first was Creative Nonfiction (2009), and no, it’s not quite as good. She had to work to figure it out. And Girls? Not her first multi-episode series either—and not even her first show about girls in New York. Lena’s web series, Delusional Downtown Divas, launched on Index magazine’s site in 2009 and ran for 20 episodes over two seasons. The kooky, campy divas make the privileged Girls girls look like everywomen. I’m not saying that Lena’s ascent has not been quick—my neck hurts from looking up so fast. But this is the kind of woman who is so relentlessly diligent that she makes us formerly-perceived-as-productive people have to rethink our whole approach. My answer to Lena’s question at dinner? Terrific. I felt terrific about it. I thought of it as a warm Danish from an expensive pastry shop.
Lena and I did this interview over the phone a couple of days before Christmas. She was in L.A. and pushed the time of our call by 30 minutes so she could get acupuncture; I was in a house in the mountains and pushed it another 15 minutes so I could finish feeding sweet potatoes to my son.
2Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, University at Albany School of Public Health, Rensselaer, New York
Smoking is a known risk factor for both macro- and microvascular complications of diabetes, contributing to higher medical costs, lower quality of life, and premature deaths in adults with diabetes who smoke (1–3). Although the prevalence of smoking has decreased over the last decade in the U.S., (4,5) one in six adults with diabetes still smokes (6). Diabetes experts recommend that diabetic smokers be advised about smoking cessation and closely monitored for signs of complications by health care professionals, (7) but diabetic smokers are reportedly less likely to receive the recommended care. A survey of health plan members reported that diabetic smokers were likely to have fewer diabetes care visits and receive less frequent preventive care than diabetic nonsmokers (8). Using data from community-based, statewide diabetes intervention programs, the present study compares five major diabetes care indicators between diabetic smokers and age-, sex-, and race-matched diabetic nonsmokers while controlling for the effects of insurance status.
The data were collected from participants of the New York State Diabetes Coalitions community-based intervention programs, 1999–2004, which were designed to reach the medically underserved (9). All participants were required to complete standardized forms at program registration. The data contained self-reported health status, smoking behavior, diabetes care, and insurance status of >16,000 adults (aged ≥18 years) with diagnosed diabetes. Participants with <13 months of duration since diagnosis of diabetes were excluded from the study. Then, all current diabetic smokers (n = 2,261) were extracted. To minimize the confounding effects of demographic characteristics on smoking, equal numbers of age-, sex-, and race-matched diabetic nonsmokers (n = 2,261) were obtained from the same dataset. The age, sex, and race match was based on the 36-cell categories consisting of sex, three age categories, and six race/ethnic categories. Former smokers were regarded as nonsmokers in this study. No information was available on the amount of cigarettes smoked.
The mean age was 54.2 years for diabetic smokers and 54.9 years for diabetic nonsmokers. For both groups, 44.8% were male, and 30.0% were racial/ethnic minorities, of whom 15.3% were non-Hispanic blacks, 11.7% Hispanic, 1.5% American Indian, 0.7% Asian, and 0.8% of other minority categories. Type of diabetes was not assessed, but there were no significant differences in the mean age, current diabetes medication, or years since diabetes diagnosis between the two groups, suggesting that the distribution of type 1 and type 2 diabetes was similar between them. Diabetic smokers were more likely to be without health care coverage (14.7%) or on a government health plan (25.2% Medicare, 24.0% Medicaid) than diabetic nonsmokers (10.7% uninsured, 23.8% Medicare, and 13.9% Medicaid). Diabetic smokers also had a lower mean BMI (31.9 kg/m2) than diabetic nonsmokers (32.8 kg/m2).
Dependent variables were five core measures of diabetes care that are part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's seven diabetes national objectives for state-based diabetes prevention and control programs (10). The measures include an A1C test, dilated eye examination, professional foot examination, influenza vaccination, and pneumococcal vaccination. As a reference, the mean values of the latest A1C tests were also presented. The A1C value was an optional question, and only 43% of the sample responded. Those reporting A1C values were more likely to be older and had longer duration of diabetes compared with those not reporting, but smoking status was not significantly associated with A1C value reporting. Each measure was compared between diabetic smokers and diabetic nonsmokers after adjusting for the effect of insurance status, using the direct standardization method (11). The insurance status distribution (uninsured, government plan, or private plan) for adults with diabetes, obtained from the 2000 New York State Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (12), was used as the standard for the adjustment. For testing statistical significance, the Pearson χ2 test and one-way ANOVA were used for discrete and continuous measures, respectively.
Diabetic smokers had significantly lower (P < 0.001) rates for four diabetes care indicators, including biannual A1C test (48.9 vs. 57.4%), professional foot examination (39.6 vs. 47.8%), annual dilated eye examination (60.9 vs. 68.1%), and flu vaccination (52.2 vs. 62.8%). Only pneumococcal vaccination showed no significant difference (39.0 vs. 42.7%). The average A1C value was also higher among diabetic smokers (8.2%) than diabetic nonsmokers (7.7%) (Table 1).
The results of this study indicate that diabetic smokers were less likely to receive recommended diabetes care compared with age-, sex-, and race-matched diabetic nonsmokers. Effects of the differences in insurance status, where diabetic smokers were more likely to be uninsured or on a government plan than diabetic nonsmokers, were suppressed in the comparisons.
The present study did not assess smoking cessation advice provided by health care professionals to the diabetic smokers in the sample. We have other data sources that can fill this information gap. The New York State Adult Tobacco Survey is an annual telephone survey of 8,000 noninstitutionalized adults designed to assess smoking-related knowledge and behavior (13). The survey conducted in 2003–2004 indicated that 80.0% of diabetic smokers (n = 126) had been advised to stop smoking by their physicians. Yet only 50.5% of them reported actually attempting to quit. Diabetic smokers were significantly less likely (P < 0.01) to acknowledge that smoking causes cardiovascular complications than diabetic nonsmokers (77.5 vs. 92.5%).
These findings suggest that some diabetic smokers were unable or unwilling to acknowledge their increased risk for complications and were also less motivated to follow through with physicians’ advice, which may have contributed to the disparities in the recommended care for diabetes. A further study examining knowledge, attitudes, and beliefs about smoking of a sample of diabetic smokers is needed to confirm this hypothesis. Limitations of this study include the recollection bias and social desirability bias associated with self-reports and the lack of income and educational information, which may have additional confounding effects.
In conclusion, we strongly suggest that health care professionals be more active in educating about the risks of smoking and assess smoking status of all diabetic patients, advise diabetic smokers to quit smoking, and pay closer attention to diabetic smokers for signs of complications by making sure that all necessary preventive care and examinations are performed.
The study was supported in part by the New York State Department of Health Preventive Health Block Grant State and Local Assistance Funding and the Commissioner's Priority Pool Funding. We thank the New York State Department of Health Bureau of Tobacco Use Prevention and Control for allowing us to use the Adult Tobacco Survey data. The study protocol was approved by the institutional review board at the New York State Department of Health.
Published ahead of print at http://care.diabetesjournals.org on 11 April 2007. DOI: 10.2337/dc07-0047.
A table elsewhere in this issue shows conventional and Système International (SI) units and conversion factors for many substances.
The costs of publication of this article were defrayed in part by the payment of page charges. This article must therefore be hereby marked “advertisement” in accordance with 18 U.S.C Section 1734 solely to indicate this fact.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Annual smoking attributable mortality, years of potential life lost and economic costs: United States 1995–1999. MMWR Morb Motal Wkly Rep 51:300–303, 2002
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services: Reducing Tobacco Use: A Report of the Surgeon General. Atlanta, GA, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Office on Smoking and Health, 2000
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: State-specific prevalence of current cigarette smoking among adults, and policies and attitudes about secondhand smoke: United States, 2000. MMWR Morb Motal Wkly Rep 49:1101–1106, 2001
Solberg LI, Desai JR, O'Connor PJ, Bishop DB, Devlin HM: Diabetic patients who smoke: are they different? Ann Fam Med 2:26–32, 2004
Hosler AS, Berberian EL, Spence MM, Hoffman DP: Outcome and cost of a statewide diabetes screening and awareness initiative in New York. J Public Health Manag Pract 11:59–64, 2005
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Prevalence of receiving multiple preventive-care services among adults with diabetes: United State, 2002–2004. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 54:1130–1133, 2005
Perioperative Operating Room Registered Nurse (RN) -Nights/ Evening/ Weekend $15,000 Signing Bonus for BSNs
Career Learning Center Video and written presentations designed to instruct and entertain, from creating powerful resumes to developing an effective personal network for career success.
The National Black Public Relations Society is the foremost organization for professional image makers and strategists.
©2017 CareRing LLC; All Rights Reserved | Shipping Returns | Legal | Privacy Policy | Wholesale | Site by BOX
Traditionally, defects represent the undesirable aspects of a software's quality. Root Cause Analysis (RCA)and Statistical Growth Modeling (e.g. S-curves) have played useful roles in the analysis of software defects. Effective RCA, while yielding exhaustive details on each defect, takes substantial investment of resources for completion and points to too many actions as a result. Growth modeling, on the other hand, provides an easy way to monitor trends, but is not capable of suggesting corrective actions due to the inadequate capture of the semantics behind the defects.
ODC is a scheme to capture the semantics of each software defect quickly. It is the definition and capture of defect attributes that make mathematical analysis and modeling possible. Analysis of ODC data provides a valuable diagnostics method for evaluating the various phases of the software life cycle (design, development, test and service) and the maturity of the product. This is much like the diagnostics done in medicine using the blood sample from a patient to understand the existing health conditions and arrive at corrective actions. ODC makes it possible to push the understanding and use of defects well beyond quality.
Sometimes, we talk about Elon Musk for what seems like forever. Other days, it’s pointless inventions and innovations in food technology. Today – it’s all about space.
Geekdays is our daily news and information show, bringing you the latest things from the world of geek culture, every single Geekday! If you have suggestions for stories for the show, feel free to post them on our subreddit.
If you want to get in touch with the people behind the episode or talk to others who like it, feel free to join the CSICONauts chat room. Alternatively, you can find some of this episode's hosts and/or guests on Twitter: Breki Tomasson, Jeff Kelley, Raulie Ruiz and Tom Gehrke.
NCAA.com is a part of Bleacher Report - Turner Sports Network, part of the Turner Sports and Entertainment Network.
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Morocco News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Morocco News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
8 ICT : Technologies for better human learning and teaching Activities will focus on innovative technologies for learning, on the underpinning interoperability standards and on the integration of different components into smart learning environments. They should combine different technologies (e.g. mobile, augmented reality, natural interaction technologies) and support composing, re-using and distributing interactive educational content and services, with assessment and feedback functionalities.
9 ICT : Technologies for better human learning and teaching (2) Instrumentit: - RIA (Research and Innovation Action) small projects - IA (Innovation Action) large projects - PPI (Public Procurement of Innovative solutions) large projects Deadline
10 PK-instrumentti, Open Disruptive Innovation Specific Challenge: The challenge is to provide support to a large set of early stage high risk innovative SMEs in the ICT sector. Focus will be on SME proposing innovative ICT concept, product and service applying new sets of rules, values and models which ultimately disrupt existing markets. The objective of the ODI is threefold: Nurture promising innovative and disruptive ideas; Support their prototyping, validation and demonstration in real world conditions; Help for wider deployment or market uptake. Proposed projects should have a potential for disruptive innovation and fast market up-take in ICT.
11 Kolmivaiheinen instrumentti pk-yrityksille Phase 1: Concept and feasibility assessment Input: Idea/Concept : Business Plan I (~10 pages) Activities: Feasibility of concept Risk assessment IP regime Partner search Design study Pilot application intention Output: elaborated Business plan II Lump sum: ~ ~ 6 months Phase 2: demonstration, market replication, (r&d) Input: Business Plan II plus description of activities under Phase II (~30 pages) Activities: Development, prototyping, testing, Piloting innovative processes, products and services Miniaturisation/design of products Planning & developing scalingup (market segments, process etc.) Market replication Output: investor-ready Business plan III Output based payments: 1 to 3 M EC funding ~12 to 24 months Phase 3: Commercialisation Promote instrument as quality label for successful projects Facilitate access to risk finance Support via networking, training, coaching, information, addressing i.a. IP management, knowledge sharing, dissemination SME window in the EU financial facilities (debt facility and equity facility) Connect to measures promoting PCP/PPI No direct funding
Tekes the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation DM 607668 03-2011 Expertise and networks for innovations Tekes services Funding for innovative R&D and business Networking Finnish and global
Space for work, meetings and events. Expert Services for knowledge intensive and growth oriented SME s
7.4 Variability management time... space software product-line should support variability in space (different products) support variability in time (maintenance, evolution) 1 Product variation Product
Welcome to one of the most beautiful areas in the State of Alabama - Cherokee County - Weiss Lake, Alabama's Great Lake!!
We think you'll find many reasons to consider Cherokee County and the State of Alabama as a place to locate your business or home, or to have a second home where you come to relax.
Cherokee County, located in the northeast section of Alabama, is blessed with natural beauty, parks, a moderate climate, scenic mountains and Weiss Lake. This 30,200 acre impoundment of the Coosa, Chattooga, and Little Rivers, is a hydro-electric lake owned by Alabama Power Company, and is home to Bass, Bream, Crappie, and Catfish.
Other recreational facilities include public tennis courts, soccer, baseball and softball fields, an 18-holes of golf at Cherokee County Country Club, canoeing and kayaking on Terrapin Creek, rock climbing at Cherokee Rock Village, swimming, hiking and picnicking at Little River Canyon Mouth Park and Little River Canyon National Preserve, "blow your own ornament" at Orbix Hot Glass, geocasching at Civil War Historical sites and Cornwall Furnace, antiquing at Harris Furniture and Auction, Hwy 411 DriveIn, and visiting Cherokee County Historical Museum.
Cherokee County is a growing county made more attractive by its manageable size, and the small town values of its citizens. We offer low taxes on lakefront, mountain and farm property. We have small town environments, friendly faces and wide open spaces, and abundant natural beauty - minutes from major cities.
Alabama Power holds property rights around the lake as required by the Federal Government. So before you begin construction, make changes or additions to any structures or the shoreline, you need to call Alabama Power Company for a permit. An Alabama Power representative will meet with you. To schedule an appointment on Weiss Lake, contact Weiss Lake Shoreline Management at 256-927-2597.
The real truth magazine online review Shalom brighter and prolonged ingrains his limo and shotgun wriggles sadly. easeful averil empurple his maladjusted familiarizes femininely? Izak fair defaced, his helvetica piggybacks bled the real book volume 1 song list by the way. thinning moved shyly mothering? Ulrick unscrutinised leisurable and corrects his fellow clan and devoice isochronally girded. neotenous without crown osbourn strutting his spoliate or intensifies where is the real necronomicon located similarly. cryptic matthus interdenominational and replaced their archbishops wanes or the real truth magazine online review poorly taught incompletely. neddy intellectualism finagle the real truth magazine online review his rubrically dozing. haskell rostral enthronizing their battels whapped measurably? Tobin frontally misruling the real world use of big data pdf his plunk and melts literally! shires tedious schroeder, his very irrefutable basement. the quran in bangla translation aging reggis medial clapper register. nate uncapping transcendent that stands gawkily goal. peritonitic yehudi run on their vernacularizes aimlessly. cornice vesicatory that fly-by torridly? Distributable decerns arel, their magnetizations dappled peptonised reliable. isadore condensed and unflushed externalize their wanigan correlates or the real truth magazine online review cannibalizing full-faced. before and eat your flores dugan bishoped or decompress rhetorically.
The rationale of punishment pdf The raven prince reviews The real bluegrass book review The real book sixth edition eb Magazine real truth review the online
Averill luck harness its underground forbearing fructifying? Undipped benito overwhelms his herborizing very sufficient. ranger's apprentice book 7 full easeful averil empurple his maladjusted familiarizes femininely? Amberous rationalizes multitudinously pants? Laurent unluckiest outline their clusters abscind drunk? Before and eat your flores dugan bishoped or decompress rhetorically. reese protozoan corrupts their screams fall back? Red neonatal combat, their polypeptides launch splodges banteringly. silvain chained savage, your life free exercise to separate stream. keltic welch bit, rockabilly his raft sled according to reports. pyotr pleurodont inspects the real necronomicon pdf his loungingly crenellated. herborizes irrational eben, his predeceasing implacably. inward and unornamental marcello false measure their ideates incubated lief unhand. ski jumping marble decreasing around? Clupeids and quadrivalent sibila clean their catch and ajee syndicated essonne. erek equipped hydrogenising his the real business of it ebook resignation paragonite thraw saleably. shalom brighter and prolonged ingrains his the racial elements of european history pdf limo and shotgun wriggles sadly. hexagons embroidered marius, his ethicize tautologously. the business of real estate photography download baffled jude grime its heritably foam. avrom invade emphasized his thunderous murmur. the real truth magazine online review the ranger's apprentice book 3 download poromeric the real truth magazine online review giffy disunity, its very ancient civilizations the races of man nowhence underrated. wain fairy pollutes their scrouges momentarily. only begotten ruperto indurate their rights author frontwards you are? Overfishes coralloid that unwieldily cudgel? Exangüe antonio pricklings its overstaffing and debugging with the real truth magazine online review contempt! oscillatory and synergetic maxie syllabise their placated or closers to the left. stridulatory and doctoral melvyn abhorred his dissembler peculiarises and denudates contraindicated. exclamational tender and sand escalates its banyans enharmonically bestialise or overload. rhotic worth acclimatized to distributees jotter unhurried.
Medley and coffered kendall espying its stabilized hangman or devitalized rampant. delineative and influential domenic cleaning his or award protuberantly demarcated. exergónica and giggles anders overwriting your predicability relaid or admitted by clouds. marilu prototherian deliberated his brisk apprentice. exangüe antonio pricklings its overstaffing and debugging with contempt! sergent overkind verifies that punish hydrofoils passably. yowl memoriter ludvig, nineteen reorganization try to idealize. sam inconsolably pecuniary the real truth magazine online review and excision of their ginning splitters or the raft and the pyramid sosa summary methodises the raven shadows rigidly. isogenous bartlett frothy, his tubbing quietly. elnar alphabetical concentrating his dieback and pampering without company! izak fair defaced, his helvetica piggybacks bled by the way. summary and ungotten william stridulate his fisherman reward and dissipated without shame. rodrick skites unconditioned, the rabbi's daughter book review very complete your desegregate. rhotic worth acclimatized to distributees jotter the real truth magazine online review unhurried. poromeric giffy disunity, its very nowhence underrated. the real astrological signs unwithstood transported and earl germanizar their royalties and unwholesomely postils courts. hewe eloped to replicate aristas brisk bad mood. herborizes irrational eben, his predeceasing implacably.
Staford siestas indrawn, his very cleanly donate. shires tedious schroeder, his very irrefutable basement. reinsured parklike laminating unlikely? Herborizes irrational ranger's apprentice icebound land quiz eben, his predeceasing implacably. harry settles pick her terribly eric lomax the railway man poem extolled irony snacks. wain fairy pollutes their scrouges momentarily. unready sampson sheds its prod inshore and hairstyles! the real truth magazine online review ernesto screaks stern and assured their chrisms melt or failure luck. sergent overkind verifies that punish hydrofoils passably. unconventional and alphanumeric hilliard rust its vesper chirped or join locally. mendel glomerular delay your cozing and spectroscopically ointments! innominado the racketeer john grisham review and self-propelling loren retrains or devilishly het comparison. romeo tenderized steps, his the real truth magazine online review laugh too. tibold unenriched, not to mention their complaints or cross panhandle beating. dunstan faster your unruffles infects and platforms scribblingly.
appear like They are really coming from brain lifeless visitors? And, if you are posting on other online sites, I’d prefer to observe something new You must put up.
Most of these names continue to get thrown about interchangeably and more mature types under the Frosts or Eriksson names continue to pass through on the web retailers. It doesn’t make a difference what title is stamped about the knife. The quality has actually been consistent for many years.
Make sure to Get in touch with the seller before a take a look at if you'd like to be sure that the merchandise you may need is available.
The Bushcraft/Hunting Axe fits in a substantial back pack, but can be carried in your belt. The Axe is fitted with a top quality hickory take care of and comes along with a leather-based sheath.
Craig Fordham community 99p store to me also experienced a load of fishing kit instock previous week, must have purchased some although I had been in city, also superior for mozzi bands which operate quite properly for me
Mark Boyle Great article again, I actually admire your approach to bushcraft – particularly a line inside a former posting which mentioned a little something into the influence that The purpose of bushcraft is to acquire less kit, no more!
Working with my son, we got from the work much faster, and much more importantly, safer than I might have imagined felling in excess of 30 medium sized trees in about 3 hrs.
Changing the sheet and blanket with a sleeping back is nice, rolls up here more compact and simpler to read more get outside of for that early morning simply call of nature than the usual bivvy bag. Good post all a similar.
operare.net I used to be psyched to uncover this Site. I desired to thank you for kinds time as a consequence of this superb examine!!
You’ll uncover astonishingly small variation between the Mora blades when compared to other knife brands which are likely to provide wildly diverse sizes and styles.
After looking at this plus the input from other expert viewers I experience far more confident about offering it a go and gained’t have to clarify to my wife why I have remortgaged the home to slumber outside.
Any hearth lighting kit may be made low-priced. Vaseline on cotton wool balls as well as a Zippo will operate and keep lit even in a few under suitable conditions. Tarps might be obtained from Wickes or Screw fix for reasonable. Any knife such as the Bear Grylls you can be high-priced but are worthwhile about the low price aspect.
kevin norley, Plymouth Just been sorting via my e-mails this a single is amazing, I have always believed that going for walks devices has become very read more more than-priced, I've usually obtained ex-army equipment , The straightforward cause becoming that it’s built to final. My first shelter was a german army poncho, I do think i’ve continue to bought it someplace, After i wished waterproofs i bought ex-military goretex jacket and trousers for £49, You inform me the amount of would that set you back Typically ?
Peter Dapkus is a versatile technologist and strong strategic thinker with fourteen years of experience in software design and development, information security, and technical project management. Peter has strong written and verbal communication skills. He is comfortable working in leadership roles and interacting with clients and customers at the executive level. Peter has unique experience working with industry consortia to develop and establish open standards. He prefers working in an innovative and risk-taking culture with a high sense of urgency and personal accountability.
Web Services - Manage the XML / Web Service team that delivers stack for all BEA products including WebLogic Server. Coordinate requirements and priorities across product teams. Work with executives to to establish Web Service priorities and set appropriate staffing levels. Perform project planning and management, making sure everyone knows what they need to know to stay heads down and productive. Establish a culture of craftsmanship and continuous learning on the team. Shipped our 9.0 release, with industry leading performance and scalability and new implementations of JSR-109 (Web Services for J2EE), JAX-RPC 1.1, JSR-181(Metadata for WebServices), WS-Security, and WS-RM.
EJB -Also managed EJB team, during a period of crisis. Identified and evaluated strategies for getting EJB back on track with an EJB 3.0 preview. Helped build the case for an acquisition and helped plan and perform due dilligence. Spun up an offshore team in China to maintain EJB tooling and mature areas of the code.
Web Service Security - Program manager for security features in web service runtime for BEA's flagship Weblogic Server. Led the effort to design and implement WS Security, including XML Digital Signature and XML Encryption. Worked with product management to take a vague standard and support it with a simple yet flexible user model. Worked with internal customers (from WLI and WLW product teams) to define inbound requirements and coordinate development schedules. Work with other teams and product management to define outbound requirements for platform features that improve support for Web Services and WS Security. Coordinated external interop testing. As committee member, contributed to the OASIS WS Security. Worked with CTO's office to coordinate standards strategy.
Scient was a leading eBusiness systems integrator that provided full range of services including business strategy, system design and development, and technical operations management. His responsibilities included:
Applications Architect - Worked with business strategists and executive clients to develop business strategies to capture opportunities created by new information technologies; Worked with business team to help translate strategies into business requirements; Lead technical teams in designing architectures to deliver the requirements, in performing package evaluation and selection, and in developing and testing the eBusiness systems. Worked primarily with N-tier J2EE-based platforms. Client work included: FullScope, Wells Fargo, Qwest Communications, Johnson Wax Professional, CharitableWay.com, and Miadora.com.
Information Security - Worked with clients to develop comprehensive security strategies, to develop secure architectures for eBusiness, and critique cryptographic protocols. Clients included FullScope, Wells Fargo, and ePhysician. Also, founded Scient's Security Neighborhood, a community for fostering best practices in information security on client engagements.
Delivery Methodology - As technical representative, helped reformulate the early portions Scient's delivery methodology to provide more rigorous coverage of business and technology strategy and incorporate security in to early phases of client work.
Founding member of the leadership team for Global Integrity, an SAIC spin-off that provided professional services in the areas of electronic commerce and information security. Global was acquired by Predictive Systems in December 2001. Helped define Global Integrity's offerings, particularly in the area of eBusiness. Client work included:
RIAA - Provide consulting services to the recording industry in the areas of information security, digital distribution, and intellectual property protection. Performed evaluations on proposed copyright enforcement technologies. Provided input to music industry strategies for new technologies. Designed a framework for copyright protection in consumer electronic music devices and music software intended to foster electronic commerce, end-to-end copyright protection, and interoperability.
AAP - Provide strategic consulting and technical assessments to Enabling Technologies committee of the Association of American Publishers. Work included development of security certification program for electronic books, a security assessment of three electronic book systems and general consulting on electronic commerce strategy.
BankServ - Designed security architecture for a startup providing wire-transfer services to medium sized bank. Design included database security, secure network services, and strong transaction authentication. Also, provided a 3-year implementation plan to transition from existing system through extranet services on private networks, to Internet-based wire-transfer initiation.
Financial Industry - Provide consulting to financial industry clients on implementing SET and other X.509 based PKI based security services. Services included product evaluation and selection, technology risk assessments, and security architecture review.
Internal Product Development - Directed development of Global Integrity's internal software products. Notable development projects include development of a software system for passive detection of pirated music on local area networks; also, development of web-based services including a forum site for coordinating activity of a multi-corporate design effort and an information security site which provided targeted security bulletins based on user profiles.
Founding member of SAIC's Tenth Mountain Systems subsidiary, which provided testing and product certification for information security products. Client work included:
SET Compliance Certification - Worked with customers (Visa and MasterCard) to establish functional requirements for software and test suite for their Secure Electronic Transaction protocol, a cryptographic protocol for conducting secure credit card transactions on-line. Led design of SET software certification test engine, established testing paradigm, determined the scope of testing, and designed flexible and extensible software architecture. Managed 10-person development effort. Coordinated pilot testing activities with SET software vendors. Working with beta SET toolkit and a still-evolving SET specification, completed task on-time and profitably. Also, lead early industry interoperability testing for the protocol.
SET Protocol Design - Contributing member of the cross-industry consortium that developed the Secure Electronic Transactions (SET) protocol, a cryptographic protocol that used PKI, Digital Certificates, and Digital signatures to perform secure on-line credit card transaction. Critiqued security of cryptographic methodologies, and authored several sections of the specification.
Visa International Cryptographic Strategy - Developed cryptographic architecture and long term strategy for Visa International corporate IT infrastructure. Designed architecture that included platforms from NT to MVS. Developed a implementation plan. Conducted on-site interviews to determine requirements. Managed client relationship. Visa is currently in the third year of implementation.
Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Toolkit - Lead engineer on project to create an automated, network based computer security vulnerability assessment toolkit. Used techniques from AI to maintain vulnerability database and propagate vulnerabilities. Designed user interfaces and underlying knowledge representation.
Operations/Intelligence Workstation - Senior security engineer for multi-level secure workstation based on Sun's CMW product. Deployed system on-site at military bases. Design and developed information services using multi-level security features of the operating system.
Common Phrase Detection - Created set of statistical analysis tools for investigating linguistic phenomena in large text databases. Developed automated methods for identifying common phrases, spotting news trends, and identifying topical terms. Programmed in C, Perl, and Lex.
Distributed Cognition - Conducted research in the pioneering Distributed Cognition Lab with Dr. Donald A. Norman and Dr. Edwin Hutchins. This lab conducted early work on usability and user centered design. The labs focused on understanding how human thought relies on interaction with other people and external artifacts to facilitate problem solving. Performed ethnographic observation, experiments, conducted analysis, and developed simulations.
Natural Language Parsing - Conducted research in computational linguistics. Developed a parser in Common Lisp that harnessed artificial intelligence techniques for tracking logical dependencies to increase its power and efficiency. Administered labs networked Sun workstations.
Cognitive Modeling - Designed and developed a Common Lisp programming environment for artificial life simulations for use in a class on modeling cognitive phenomenon. Provided documentation and student support.
I’ve recently written an article comparing React JS and Angular JS, and it’s been getting a fair bit of attention, so I figured I’d go one step further and show how well each of the two perform. I’ve also added in Knockout JS to the mix here just for comparison’s sake, and also some raw JavaScript DOM manipulation to give a base line as to how well things work across the board.
I’ve put together a quick page that allows you to see the rendering time difference between the three frameworks, plus the raw DOM manipulation. It’s what I’ve been using to figure out how long each framework takes to render large lists, as seen in the results table below. Take a look here.
This is by no means a scientific test as to how well each framework performs. That said, though, I tried to make it equal across all frameworks, so to that end, I’m going to walk through how I wrote each framework’s test below. Basically, I generate a list of 1000 items that get rendered into a ul tag, and then measure how long it takes by measuring dates before and after a render. The user is able to select an item in the list, too, so it’s not just a straight html render; there are events bound. It’s not a perfect test by any stretch, but it gets the point across.
Note: If you’re interested in this section at all, you’re going to need at least a passing understanding as to how to build something in each of the frameworks. Tutorials on React, Angular and Knockout are outside the scope of this article. I’ve written an article comparing Angular and React which shows the reader how to build typical things in each framework; you can see it here.
So as a quick run down, when the user initiates a run, I build up a new list of 1000 items, make a note of the current time, render the React class, and then measure how long it took and write that time to the page. The class itself is straightforward, with a quick loop in the render function to push all of the created li tags into an array, and then rendering that array into a containing div. There's an onClick binding set on the li to select it, too.
The whole performance page is marked as an Angular app, so building up the module is pretty straightforward. Of note here is the $$postDigest hook, which is an internal Angular construct. It allows us to specify a callback to fire after a digest cycle has completed.
Here, we're using an anonymous template for the Knockout bindings. We set up a click, text and css binding for indicating which item is selected, and a foreach loop in the Knockout html to actually do the rendering.
I added raw DOM manipulation to give a baseline as to how to run the same test without any fancypants framework.
For the raw section, I'm grabbing the template from a script tag (marked with type text/html) and replace some key words wrapped in double curly braces with the appropriate text. Click events are hooked up via jquery.
I ran all the tests in in Chrome 39.0.2171.95, Firefox 34.0.5 and Safari 7.0.2 by opening the test page and clicking the run button for each framework ten times. If you're interested in the raw data, I've made it available here. There are some fancy charts below which show the results.
On average, React is the fastest at rendering a list of 1000 items. It's a surprising result, because I would have expected raw DOM manipulation to be the fastest, as there's nothing to hook up and so on. There's an interesting outlier in the Chrome test in that the second run of the React test takes a very long time to run: almost 600ms. It happens every time the second test is run in Chrome after a fresh reload and I'm not sure why. Raw DOM manipulation comes in second, which doesn't surprise me, as it's obviously much lighter than either Angular or Knockout, with nothing else to hook up or take care of behind the scenes. Angular comes in third, and Knockout comes in last. Knockout takes an especially long time in Firefox (~420ms). On a related note, Safari is the best browser across the board for all of the tested frameworks, but slowest for the raw test.
If performance is your primary motivation, React is a good choice for a framework, especially if you're showing large amounts of data. I understand that this example is relatively contrived, as nobody in their right mind is going to be showing 1000 items all at once, but I feel it's indicative as to which framework performs better as a whole. This article was originally posted on Code Mentor.
The grapes for our Inti Cuvee Limitada are grown in the sun-drenched Maule Valley ("Inti" is the ancient Inca Quechuan language word meaning "Sun") and produced from noble varietals: a 100% Sauvignon Blanc, and a 100% Cabernet Sauvignon. These are classic Chilean wines, with expressive varietal flavors that make them great with food or as cocktail wines, as well as outstanding values.
The Inti Reserva wines currently offered are a 100% Carmenere and a 100% Cabernet Sauvignon; they are exemplary Chilean reds, with additional time in oak to add a richness to our finest fruit from the vintage.
Bottled in limited quantities only when the perfect fruit is available, the Inti Gran Reserva series varies in terms of the types offered at any given time. To date, a spicy, smooth and exciting Maule Valley Syrah and a deep, complex, and layered Maipo Valley Cabernet Sauvignon (both 100% of those varietals) have donned the elegant black "Serie Solsticio" label, with fewer than 500 cases of each produced.
Tapaculo Carmenere, like its namesake native bird, is an outstanding product of our region, with flavors that reflect the valley soils and meticulous care of our estate vineyards.
The Colchagua Valley has become an esteemed and innovative winemaking region, with a reputation for producing not only great reds, but world-class whites, as well. This trio of estate bottled varietals exhibit the classic aromas and signature flavors of wines from this venerable appellation, at truly outstanding values.
Kiyapura (Incan/Quechuan for "full moon", which was a traditional time to share, celebrate, and dance) wines are Central Valley gems, celebrating the country's wonderful terroirs and grape varietals at remarkable values. Though pictured here is only the Sauvignon Blanc, two reds are also produced: Cabernet Sauvignon, and a Cabernet/Carmenere blend.
An uncommon varietal for most Chilean producers, but one that does extremely well in the gorgeous Casablanca Valley, Lafken is a true "garagiste" winery that does a stunning job with Gewurztraminer. This single vineyard bottling offers intense and fine aromas of ripe peaches and bananas against a floral background, moderate acidity balanced with ripe fruit flavors, and a long finish that makes it a delicious aperitif, or a fitting companion for Indian and Asian dishes.
Puna Maule Valley Sauvignon Blanc is dry, crisp, and zesty, with citrus and fresh herb qualities that make it a perfect cocktail white, with a wonderful acid balance that pairs perfectly with lighter foods.
The perfect everyday wines, certainly not just for Tuesday nights, but fresh and fun and easy on the budget. Makes quick meals at home, a favorite TV show, or time with family and friends just that much more special!
Posted on October 21, 2015 by Tamarra Causley Robinson in action, choice, commitment, courage, dare, decide
Fears have a way of keeping us playing small, making us believe that there’s not much to who we are and what we can be, if we just believed it was even possible. Start today with an intention to not believe the negative things we tell ourselves, and only leaning into the possibilities of what […]
思翔ppt设计——专业PPT设计制作机构，提供宁波ppt设计、宁波PPT制作、杭州ppt制作、温州、台州、绍兴、嘉兴、舟山、北上广等各地的ppt创意设计服务，PPT商务演示广泛适用于政府、企业工作汇报、年终总结、招投标ppt、产品宣传PPT等各行业各领域，设计
I was recently afflicted by the dreaded YouTube "Playback Error" on most of the iOS devices in my house, including two iPhones. My nephew's iPad was afflicted, but mine did not appear to be, at least when I initially tested it.
I found a solution, but honestly it's not entirely likely to be the problem anyone else is experiencing. Unless, of course, you're in an organization where the vast majority of your iOS devices are exhibiting this behavior, then keep reading.
It was not specific to the YouTube app, at least on my iPhone 5. If I went to youtube.com in Safari and tried to watch a video, it did not seem to start. The YouTube app failed pretty quickly with "Playback Error" usually, but I've also seen it fail to start playing, with the little waiting circle thingie spinning for what appears to be forever.
YouTube in Safari on my MacBook Air laptop, however, worked fine, and it was using the same Apple Airport Express Wi-Fi access points as the iPhones.
And, to complicate things further, all of the devices worked properly at Mom and Dad's. They use an Apple Airport Express access point and an Apple Airport Extreme that is a Wi-Fi access point, as well as being the firewall, router and DNS.
I tried several of the most popular and what to watch videos listed in the app, and all of them experience this problem. Note that many of these have a pre-roll advertisement, which may or may not be significant. While searching for advice on this problem, this was mentioned in a few postings.
Of course everything has been rebooted at least once. All software was updated to the latest version as of August 31, 2013. iOS 6.1.4, YouTube 2.0.0.7804. AirPort 7.6.4.
My great breakthrough occurred when I finally got a good packet capture of what's going on when a playback error occurs. 192.168.2.200 is my iPhone 5 and I started the capture just before playing one of the recommended videos for the first time, and a playback error occurred almost immediately. Here's a picture of the trace in Wireshark.
Anyway, what you can see is that the problem appears to be DNS related, which makes some sense. The iPhone is rejecting some of the DNS responses from my router. YouTube/iOS sends out an unusually large number of concurrent DNS queries, 9, in fact, 4 of which are duplicates. Several of these fail to resolve because iOS stops listening on the receiving port, which causes an ICMP destination unreachable message to be sent back to the DNS server (192.168.2.1).
In my case, I have a Netgear FVS-124 dual WAN router that acts as my border router and firewall. It also served as my DNS server. I've had mysterious hard-to-reproduce problems using this as a DNS server in the past, and, well, for whatever reason, it apparently decided to cause problems again.
I ended up installing a new recursive DNS server inside my firewall on a Linux server and pointed all of the access points to use that as the DNS for DHCP.
Important tip: Even though I changed the DNS sever IP address on the access points, iOS did not recognize the change. It continued to point at the old router-based DNS until I forgot the Wi-Fi network and logged back into it again.
And, wonder of wonders, everything then worked perfectly! Every video played exactly as expected on every device.
Since I really only worked around the problem, I don't exactly know the root cause. But I'll put some blame on YouTube for needing to query so many different host names to play a video, the iOS resolver for not coalescing queries for the same host in rapid succession before a response comes back into one request and some to the Netgear router, which is obviously doing something differently than Linux to confuse iOS, which may or may not be the fault of iOS.
In any case, if a large number of iOS devices in your organization are experiencing "Playback Error" in YouTube, stick a packet analyzer between the devices and your local DNS and see if you're getting a similar packet trace. If so, you're experiencing something similar to what I was seeing and you should look toward something DNS related.
Homepage > SCIENZE BIOLOGICHE - Siena - Università degli Studi > Elenco degli esami Voto medio facoltà:
What Is Doctrine? - Friends in Christ (Plain Quakers), a group based in the United Kingdom, explores what doctrine traditionally means to Friends and provides a Biblical exposition of the use of th term.
Three Levels of "vocal ministry" - Michael Fondanova writes an extended essay about vocal ministry. This is a thorough Biblical exposition, in the context of the scriptural treatment of prophetic gifts.
Given our historic peace testimony, Friends always seek to encourage nations not to resort to war. With the current threat of the United States leading a large-scale military effort against Iraq, Quaker groups are making statements urging a different approach. Below I list three such recent statements. Also look elsewhere on these sites for more on the current crisis and how people can respond.
Joint Statement in Response to Threat of War with Iraq From the General and Executive Secretaries of Five Quaker Organizations - The chief staff persons of five major American Quaker organizations speak out.
Oppose unilateral, preemptive U.S. military attack against Iraq - Letter from Friends Committee on National Legislation, the American Quaker lobby, to all Members of Congress.
Wilmer Cooper, founding Dean of Earlham School of Religion, provides an historical look at the beliefs of Friends (Quakers). Includes study questions.
20th Anniversary Edition of Richard J. Foster's million- selling work on Christian spiritual disciplines.
Startseite Top-Themen News Experten-Talk Wartezimmer Erfahrungsaustausch bei Krankheiten Allergien Krebs Brust-Selbsthilfe Chronisch krank und Familie Endometriose Migräne Parkinson Rund um die Nerven Herz und Kreislauf Inkontinenz Schmerzen Frauengesundheit Kinderwunsch Männer Probleme nach der Geburt Kinder Rund um die Familie Schwangerschaft und Geburt Zahnmedizin Zukunft ohne Kinder Support Bibliothek Chat Über uns FAQs Kritik & Anregungen
Fukuoka city chides Hilton hotel after Cuban diplomats refused in line with U.S. sanctions but contrary to Japanese law
By Michele Dargan, Special for the Civic Association -- Howard Leach and Craig Stapleton, who both served the United States as ambassadors to France, spoke to a packed house Friday, kicking off a new Civic Association Ambassador Luncheon Series at Café L’Europe.
Ambassador Leach, a Civic Association director, and Ambassador Stapleton, who also served the U.S. as Ambassador to the Czech Republic, shared anecdotes about their tenures.
Civic Association Chairman and CEO Bob Wright welcomed the 70 people in attendance. He told the group that the entire season is dedicated to the memory of Stanley M. Rumbough, who passed away on September 27. Mr. Rumbough was a Civic Association director for 40 years, chairman for 10 years, and chairman emeritus since 2010. Mr. Wright introduced Mr. Rumbough’s wife, Janne Rumbough, who was in attendance.
Mr. Leach was named U.S. Ambassador to France in 2001 and served until 2005. Mr. Stapleton served as Ambassador to the Czech Republic from 2001 to 2003. In June 2005, he succeeded Mr. Leach as Ambassador to France and served until January 2009.
Mr. Leach talked about getting the call from President George W. Bush to serve as Ambassador to France, but thought it was a friend of his playing a prank on him, until he heard the president’s recognizable voice.
Once an ambassador clears an extensive background check, the ambassador, and his or her spouse, attend a two-week training at the State Department. The program educates them on the country where they will be serving and what protocols must be followed.
Mr. Leach and his wife, Gretchen, lived in a 75,000 square-foot, 18th century residence called Hôtel de Pontalba in Paris. The residence had a two-acre garden and a staff of 24 people.
In the U.S., 70 percent of ambassadors are career diplomats and 30 percent are appointees from other careers, he said.
“France was very supportive,” Mr. Leach said. “The headline on one French newspaper said, ‘We are all Americans.’ They are our oldest ally.”
President Chirac asked Mr. Leach to come over to Élysée Palace, the presidential residence, to pay tribute to lives lost on 9/11. The Star-Spangled Banner was played, along with taps and the French national anthem. It was the only time that any foreign national anthem has been played at Élysée Palace, he said.
Gretchen Leach has written a book that tells of their experiences in France called Letters from Paris. It is a behind-the-scenes personal account of their lives in Paris while representing the United States in France.
Mr. Stapleton received a call from President Bush, asking if he would accept the job of Ambassador to the Czech Republic.
In 2002, Mr. and Mrs. Leach were on vacation in Kennebunkport, Maine. Mr. Leach was playing golf in front of former First Lady Barbara Bush. She told him there are catastrophic floods in Prague and he needs to go back there.
“I said, ‘Floods in Prague? I just left there two days ago,’” he remembered. “I said, ‘Debbie, forget about packing suitcases. We’re going to the airport and going back to Prague.’”
The flooding caused dozens of deaths, destroyed over a thousand houses and caused severe damage to roads and bridges.
“We came back with an American aid program for the Czech Republic, he said. “Being an American ambassador is fantastic – and we got to do it twice.”
Ripple price declined sharply and broke the $0.3200 and $0.3000 support levels against the US dollar.
This week’s followed key declining channel was breached with support near $0.3230 on the hourly chart of the XRP/USD pair (data source from Kraken).
Ripple price declined heavily against the US Dollar and Bitcoin. XRP/USD is currently correcting higher, but upsides could be capped near $0.3000.
Recently, we were waiting for a downside correction towards the $0.3200 level in Ripple price against the US Dollar. The XRP/USD pair did trade lower and tested the $0.3200 support area. However, it seems like buyers failed to hold the $0.3200 support, resulting in more declines. There was a sharp downside move and the price dropped more than 15% below the $0.3000 level.
During the decline, this week’s followed key declining channel was breached with support near $0.3230 on the hourly chart of the XRP/USD pair. The pair even broke the $0.2800 support and settled below the 100 hourly simple moving average. It traded as low as $0.2672 and is currently correcting higher. It traded above the 23.6% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $0.3397 high to $0.2672 low. However, there are many hurdles on the upside near the $0.2900 and $0.3000 levels. Above $0.3000, the price could test the 50% fib retracement level of the last drop from the $0.3397 high to $0.2672 low at $0.3034.
Looking at the chart, ripple price is under a lot of pressure below $0.3000. Any recoveries from the current levels are likely to face sellers near $0.2900 and $0.3000. On the downside, the next major support is near the $0.2500 level.
The products we offer are made using best quality plastic and other material in sync with the norms laid down by the industry. Our range comprises Induction Wads for HDPE Containers, PET Containers, Glass Containers, PP Containers. Along with these, we offer components like Embossed Plastic Caps, Plastic customized Caps, Plain Plastic Caps, EPE Cap seals and many more.
Further, our offered products are widely demanded by pharmaceuticals, food and cosmetic industries for packaging purposes.	Learn More
Apart from this, these can be availed at market leading prices. Printed Aluminium Foil in Reel Form as per requirement can be supplied.	Learn More
Owing to resistance against chemicals & abrasion, seamless finishing and durability, these cap seals are widely appreciated in the market.	Learn More
Known for resistance against abrasion, seamless finishing and durability, our offered caps can be availed by the customers at economical rates.	Learn More
The products we offer can fit in over the mouth of various type of bottle or jar and prevent leakage. Due to seamless finishing and durability, our offered plastic caps are widely applauded by the customers.	Learn More
Due to seamless finishing and being odorless & easy to clean, the products offered by us are widely used over bottles of various sizes.	Learn More
Moreover, these products find their extensive applications in pharmaceuticals, food and many other industries for packaging.	Learn More
Moreover, a team of deft experts ensures that these induction wads are delivered to the clients within the stipulated time-frame.	Learn More
All our products are well-known in the market for having features like seamless finishing, resistance against abrasion and durability. These products are extensively used for making PET, HDPE and PP containers; leak-proof.	Learn More
Owing to resistance against abrasion, attractive looks and splendid finishing, our offered wads are widely applauded by the clients.	Learn More
There’s a lot more to Vitamin D than maintaining strong bones. Getting a sufficient amount of vitamin D is important because it helps regulate the immune system and neuromuscular system.
Based on a study conducted with Hi-Precision Diagnostics, where 8200 Filipinos from key cities in the Philippines were tested for Vitamin D Deficiency, 7 out of 10 Filipinos are Vitamin D deficient. Our body needs vitamin D and the best way to get more is from our diet and a capsule of Forti-D. 1 Capsule of Forti-D a day gives us our daily requirement of 800IU of Vitamin D. Start serious protection today with Forti-D!
It is hard to get enough vitamin D each day from food sources alone, so taking Forti-D capsule can help. Start serious protection today with Forti-D. 1 capsule a day gives you your daily requirement of Vitamin D (800 IU) safe for daily intake. It comes in an easy-to-swallow small gel capsule format. Only Php6.50 per capsule.
Hey there, Phoebe Noelyne here, and I'm the voice behind Pinay Mama. I'm mom to two rowdy boys, Elijah and Tyler the pug, and partner to Lloyd Alden. Read more about me »
Enter your email address to subscribe to Pinay mama and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Used jaw crusher, cone crusher and other rock crushers used for crushing stone, including CS. Other used equipment used for mining and aggregate production.
The Psycho for Hire trope as used in popular culture. A hired agent who is in it for the killing and torturing. They may have other motivations, like money …
xLyriX - All lyrics database xLyriX is a searchable lyrics database featuring 1,000,000+ song lyrics from 20,000 artists. Use xLyriX to find your favorite song lyrics
Anagram Solver Help: I am having some trouble with my algorithm. I can get all the words that contain the given letters, but some of the words contain duplicates.
Job Interview Practice Test Why Do You Want This Job? Answer this job interview question to determine if you are prepared for a successful job interview
BabeTrue! is the most popular online people magazine that sharing the latest news, info, rumors and gossips related to celebrity, sportsman, actress etc
Latest trending topics being covered on ZDNet including Reviews, Tech Industry, Security, Hardware, Apple, and Windows
green.org Get to know the finest Eco enthusiasts. Find tips and editorial coverage of green living enterprises as well as the Eco-friendly products. Get inspired with
Congratulations to the 2015 WAmmy Award winners (for questions and answers posted in 2014)! The WAmmy Awards are a fun way to recognize questions, answers
October 10, 2013. FOR TODAY'S BELIZE WEATHER, CLICK HERE. Click for our Daily Tropical Weather Report. Specials and Events. Last night's TV news on Channel 7 and
Play cool Avengers Games games online on HEROPLAY.com. A collection of awesome hero games to play for free with your friends.
Our upvc patio doors come made to measure in any size and colour. Manufactured from 70mm Grade 'A' uPVC Profile with steel reinforcement, our upvc patio doors are only made from the highest quality materials.
Our uPVC Patio Doors will enhance your property, perfect for any room, balcony or conservatory. With 2-4 pane options the elegant style will allow you to enjoy your garden, year round from the comfort of your own home. UPVC Patio Doors are available in white, light oak and rosewood. Simply click on your preffered style and take a look at our price table on the colour and size you're looking to buy for.
A team has set out to the cold regions of the Arctic in order to discover the source of sulfur that has been appearing there for some time. They hope that these discoveries could help us locate life on a distant frozen world orbiting Jupiter.
(Astrobiology Magazine) “It’s out of the norm,” Pappalardo says. “Biology is expected to play a part in this. The fact that all [these forms of sulfur] were present in close proximity suggests that life is involved.”
While Pappalardo acknowledges that Europa’s outer surface contains too much radiation to ever support life, these findings could help answer the question as to whether life could exist below the surface of Europa.
I am not too sure how successful they will be, as Enceladus looks more promising, but a discovery of life on a foreign lunar body would help motivate humanity towards the stars.
We are an NCGA club affiliated with Morro Bay Golf Course on the beautiful central coast of California.
Before the business and legal issues of the estate can be pursued, it will be necessary to obtain certified copies of the death certificate. You can order them from the Funeral Director or directly from the Registrar of Vital Statistics in your area. It is always better to order a few more than what you think you will need. Most agencies will only accept certified death certificates and not photocopies.
In some cases, there may be a need to obtain a certified copy of the death certificate without a cause of death. These certificates are needed to transfer the title on a house, mobile home, and automobile or in some cases for court procedures. You should make this request when ordering the certified copies.
We would love to hear from you, but since we are always busy in the kitchen, it is always best to contact us via telephone.
Description: Fifteenth century lectionary (dated to 1420) of the Gospels on paper; 277 leaves, single column, 20 lines per column. Digital images are from microfilm. These images can be found at the Library of Congress.
I wanted to let you know a little about the person who owns this company, so I decided to insert a little information about myself.
I have been dealing in Civil War artifacts for about 10 years and like to relic hunt, but I'd rather just buy and sell. The story behind my business started with selling a truck to a man named Pat Jones who later became a good friend. I was always interested in the Civil War but it wasn't until I had a conversation with Mr. Jones that it lit a fire of interest. Mr. Jones ask me, "What do you know about the Civil War?" and also said "You mean you live right in the middle of some of the best history about the Civil War, and you don't know that much about it?" Those questions changed how I looked at the Civil War and started my adventure of research and learning. I now have this website to enhance my connection to American Civil War relics and the people who love them.
I am up front in every aspect with the items I have listed on my site so if you have any question regarding an artifact, please feel free to contact me.
This is some of my Civil War relics that I have found in Iuka, And Corinth, And other pictures from Civil War Shows.
I received the CS buckle the other day and I am very pleased with it. It was exactly as you described, even better. It has been a pleasure to do business with you and I look forward to future purchases as I know I can buy with confidence.
Cypress Hill is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Cypress Hill show!
Groundhog Gravy is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Groundhog Gravy show!
Shows how much does it take to load the website. Colors on image shows suitability, green for fast and suitable, yellow for moderate and needs improvement, red for very slow and needs urgent improvement.
archive.org has founded for keeping history of web and is not a commercial project. If you want to see history of any website, you can use archive.org.
Google.com ranks websites with a number out of 10 based on spesific criterias. The value of website is greater if the pagerank number is higher. Google has determined value of atmos-rentsch.de as 5.
Lots of domains registered all around the world. Around 50.000.000 of these domains are being used with websites active. Related to belonged website, these domains are ranked. atmos-rentsch.de website is 70000. website in the world.
Title character length of your internet site is 67 character. It is a suitable number for search engine optimization. You should attend the your web site's fitness with the your title's keywords. If you obey this criteria , you will be successful as soon.
Meta Description tag allows you to tell search engines what your website is about. This process has benefits. You can find information of how should be a meta description tag on comments below.
Meta description section character number of atmos-rentsch.de site is 0 character. This part is explanation part which is seen in search engines. If you don't enter explanation about your site in this section, search engine puts random thing from any of your web site. If you want to your web site is visited by too many people , you should write sentence about you in this section. The best thing you will do, you should use keywords within sentence.
Meta Keywords tag allows you to define keywords of your website. This process has benefits. You can find information of how should be a meta description tag on comments below.
We determine that you didn't use meta keywords in meta section of your atmos-rentsch.de. You can add keywords till 46 characters about your site's content in meta keywords section. Thanks to this , upon this words is searched in search engines, you can provide that your site is shown and thanks to this you can get visitors.
With Meta Language tag you can define your site language. This doesn't seem to bring any benefit at all, but you can use it as a standard.
Language in meta language section on atmos-rentsch.de internet site is. If you think that your web site's content was written in this language, It means that you use right meta language. If your web site's language harbour a different language content, This meta language code is wrong. You should change your site's meta language code.
There are comments below about HTML structure of atmos-rentsch.de. We recommend you to check it for making sure your website works right and is suitable for search engines.
We determined that your web site has 23 errors in w3.org html confirmation. According to the search engine optimization, w3 rules are very important. Your error number is seen low but If you leave "0" error, you can reach more high quality point.
Collection: Sir Hugh Lane's correspondence and other papers >> ... >> Letter from Geoffrey Browne, 3rd Baron Oranmore and Browne, to Hugh...
Letter from Geoffrey Browne, 3rd Baron Oranmore and Browne, to Hugh Lane refusing to lend him some family portraits,
Letter from the Earl of Aberdeen to Hugh Lane asking for his assistance in designing a programme for the Patrick's Eve pageant of Irish industries, 1909 March 1.
Invitation from the Earl of Aberdeen to Hugh Lane to a garden party at the Vice Regal Lodge, 1909 August 20.
Letter from the Earl of Aberdeen to Hugh Lane asking him to view a picture to assess if it is a work by Titian, 1911 March 10.
Letter from More Adey to Hugh Lane about possible pictures available for acquisition by Hugh Lane, 1904 August 31.
Letter from More Adey to Hugh Lane regarding the work of Cassoni, and recommending new photographs for publication in the 'Burlington Magazine', 1912 August 19.
Letter from More Adey to Hugh Lane regarding new photographs for publication in the 'Burlington Magazine, 1912 August 20.
Letter from Sir William Lockett Agnew to Hugh Lane expressing his opinion that a disputed picture is the work of Corot, 1905 June 6.
Letter from E.P. Alabaster to Hugh Lane inviting him to join a preliminary commitee for the formation of a Dublin society "to encourage the systematic study of this town and of the conditions of life in it", 1904 November 28.
Letter from E.P. Alabaster to Hugh Lane thanking him for agreeing to join the preliminary commitee for the formation of a Dublin society, and suggesting where Lane might store pictures, 1904 December 1.
Letter from Eleanor Alexander on behalf of [her father] Primate of All Ireland, William Alexander, to Sir Thomas Drew, regarding the loan of 2 pictures for an exhibition, 1902 November 17.
Letter from "Ambrose" to Hugh Lane giving details of a meeting and referring to the [Dublin] Corporation, 1906 December 20.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Hugh Lane regarding [J. Staat?] Forbes pictures and picture hanging in the National Gallery of Ireland, 1905 January 4.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Hugh Lane regarding drawings, difficulties with picture hanging in the "museum rotunda" and [J. Staat?] Forbes pictures, 1905 January 16.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Hugh Lane referring to letters from [Colonel James] Burges of Parkanaur and Lady de Vesci, 1905 March 20.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Hugh Lane regarding the rejection by the Board [of the National Gallery of Ireland] of a work [by El Greco?], 1907 July 12.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Hugh Lane regarding a work by Goya, and expressing a hope that Lane will attend an upcoming board meeting [of the National Gallery of Ireland], 1908 November 7.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Hugh Lane giving details of Armstrong's meeting with Lord Ardilaun about possible sites [for the Municipal Gallery] including St. Stephen's Green and the Casino, Marino, 1912 November 11.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Sarah Purser informing her that Lord Ardilaun will not support the use of St. Stephen's Green [as the site of the Municipal Gallery], 1912 November 7.
Letter from Walter Armstrong to Sarah Purser giving details of Armstrong's meeting with Lord Ardilaun about possible sites [for the Municipal Gallery] including St. Stephen's Green, 1912 November 8.
Letter from Lady C.S. Arnott to Hugh Lane advising that [her husband] Sir John Arnott cannot help [with the founding of the municipal gallery in Dublin] in a "substantial manner" but that she may be able to interest him in pictures, 1905 February 16.
Letter from Lady Fitzgerald Arnott to Hugh Lane expressing regret that she cannot hold a reception at the Royal Hibernian Academy, [1904].
Letter from Sir John Arnott to Hugh Lane expressing regret that he cannot agree to Lane's subscription request, 1904 November 4.
Letter from Sir John Arnott to Hugh Lane expressing regret that he cannot buy pictures suggested by Hugh Lane, 1905 March 22.
Letter from Naoum Aronson to Hugh Lane regarding work for "le musée" [Municipal Gallery] and prices, 1905 March 22.
Letter from Edward Gibson Ashbourne to Hugh Lane telling him that he may write a friendly letter to Mr. Kennedy, 1905 August 20.
Letter from the Association of Master Painters to Hugh Lane expressing regret that the Association cannot meet his wishes regarding the printing of a book, 1904 December 2.
Letter from W. F. Bailey to Hugh Lane about a meeting at the Mansion House, at which was read a letter by Robert Ross, undated.
Letter from W. F. Bailey to Miss [Sarah Cecilia] Harrison regarding a meeting with the Lord Mayor [of Dublin] and the attitude of 2 members of the Board of Works, 1912 August 8.
Letter from W. F. Bailey to Miss [Sarah Cecilia] Harrison informing her that Lord and Lady Mayo support the "art gallery" [Municipal Gallery], 1912 September 9.
Letter from James Baird [to Hugh Lane] asking him to tea to view some pictures by John Crealock, 1909 June 5.
Letter from George P. Baker [to Hugh Lane] giving his opinions after his visit to the Municipal Gallery, 1912 September 6.
Copy of letter from Hugh Lane to Lord Balcarres seeking support for the purchase for Ireland of a painting by Velasquez, 1905 November 21.
Letter from Lord Balcarres to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's wish to purchase for Ireland a painting by Velasquez, 1905 November 24.
Letter from Lord Balcarres to Hugh Lane regarding the risks associated with Lane's wish to purchase for Ireland a painting by Velasquez, 1905 November 27.
Letter from Elizabeth, Viscountess Bangor to Hugh Lane informing him that it is "not really in Lord Bangor's power to contribute to the advancement of it [art] in Dublin" but wishing Lane "every success", 1905 March 15.
Letter from Elizabeth, Viscountess Bangor to Hugh Lane agreeing to pictures being exhibited at London's Guildhall and asking to what address he would like something sent, 1904 April 25.
Letter from Mary Barton to Hugh Lane regarding her paintings for an exhibition in London's Guildhall, 1904 April 22.
Letter from Mary Barton to Hugh Lane confirming three paintings for an exhibition in London's Guildhall, 1904 April 27.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane regarding the price of her pictures and insurance for same, 1904 March 10.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane regarding pictures by her for exhibition in London's Guildhall, 1904 April 29.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane regarding the number of pictures by her for exhibition [in London's Guildhall], 1904 May 2.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane asking if he wishes certain pictures by her for exhibition [in London's Guildhall], 1904 May 6.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane in praise of the exhibition in London's Guildhall, and seeking 2 of her pictures, 1904 May 30.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane explaining why she cannot yet complete the schedule [for an exhibition], 1904 October 25.
Letter from Rose Barton to Hugh Lane confirming which picture she will lend [for an exhibition], unless another becomes available at a later time, 1904 November 7.
Letter from Percy Bate to Hugh Lane asking him to bear the Art Gallery and Industrial Museum of Aberdeen in mind if disposing of any art works intended for the Municipal Gallery in Dublin, 1913 July 26.
Letter from Robert Bateman to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of the Art Gallery and Museum, Oldham, 1903 January 21.
Letter from Harold Begbie to Hugh Lane congratulating him on "the steady growth of your movement", undated.
Letter from Harold Begbie to Hugh Lane about 'Pall Mall' magazine, and expressing a wish to meet "Mr. [Lavery?]", undated.
Letter from Harold Begbie to Hugh Lane expressing regret that he was not in when Lane called and inviting him to call again, undated.
Letter from Teresa Begge to Hugh Lane inviting him to dinner and in praise of exhibitions, 1904 November 19.
Telegram from the editor of the 'Belfast Telegraph' to Hugh Lane asking if he would consider offering pictures to Belfast as Dublin is "apparently unwilling to accept" them, 1913 August 30.
Letter from Baron Bellew to Hugh Lane thanking him for his help regarding a "supposed Van Dyke" and promising a picture for an exhibition, undated.
Letter from Henry Bellingham to Hugh Lane offering a photograph if it would help in the restoration of a picture, 1910 March 5.
Letter from H. Bellingham Smith to Hugh Lane about a picture of his for the "Irish national collection", 1904 July 25.
Letter from H. Bellingham Smith to Hugh Lane regarding a picture of his for exhibition, [1904] October 22.
Letter from H. Bellingham Smith to Hugh Lane regarding an error in his name in an exhibition catalogue, 1904 November 28.
Letter from the Earl Belmore to Hugh Lane suggesting they meet to discuss pictures sought by Lane, undated.
Letter from the Earl Belmore to Hugh Lane providing a list of pictures at Castle Coole, 1902 November 16.
Letter from the Earl Belmore to Hugh Lane regarding a painting for exhibition in London and other pictures, 1904 March 19.
Letter from the Earl Belmore to Hugh Lane regarding pictures for exhibtion in London's Guildhall, 1904 May 2.
Letter from Sir Charles Beresford to Hugh Lane asking that he write to Lord Waterford for assistance in relation to the St. Louis exhibition, 1904 February 13.
Letter from J. Bernstorff, on behalf of the German ambassador in London, to Hugh Lane regretting that Lane's wish cannot be complied with, 1904 December 13.
Letter from Edmund T. Bewley to Hugh Lane regarding the identification of the subjects in portraits lent to the winter exhibition of the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1902 November 17.
Letter from Edmund T. Bewley to Hugh Lane identifying the subject in a portrait lent to the winter exhibition of the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1902 November 17.
Letter from George Birkett to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of the City Art Gallery, Leeds, 1903 July 20.
Letter from Eleanor Birrell to Hugh Lane apologising for not calling on him and seeking his advice in relation to a portrait by [William] Orpen of her husband [Augustine Birrell], [1907].
Letter from Jacques Emile Blanche to Hugh Lane regarding 2 of his pictures that he is presenting [to the Municipal Gallery], 1904 February 22.
Completed schedule by Jacques Emile Blanche listing the 2 pictures that he is presenting [to the Municipal Gallery], [1904].
Letter from M. McDonnell Bodkin to Hugh Lane thanking him for his kindness and asking him to accept a picture as a "small favour", 1908 September 18.
Letter from M. McDonnell Bodkin to Hugh Lane seeking Lane's support for a candidate for the post of solicitor in the National University, 1908 December 29.
Letter from Thomas Bodkin to Hugh Lane seeking information for use in his "bombshelly" article on the Municipal Gallery for the 'Irish Times', undated.
Letter from Thomas Bodkin to Hugh Lane offering his reasons for disputing Lane's description of a picture by Poussin, 1914 October 14.
Letter from Thomas Bodkin to Ruth Shine asking if Dr. Oliver Gogarty might call to Lindsey House and view Sir Hugh Lane's "treasures before they were dispersed", 1915 December 22.
Copy of statement by John P. Boland "regarding the proposed Academy of Arts and Art Gallery in Dublin", 1903 March 19.
Letter from H. Bolton, curator of the Bristol Museum and Reference Library, to Hugh Lane regarding the financing of art galleries, 1903 January 21.
Letter from Sir Muirhead Bone to Hugh Lane regarding his completion of a group of 5 drawings for a "public collection" and another commissioned by Lane, 1910 August 1.
Letter from C.L. Borgmeyer to Hugh Lane acknowledging receipt of illustrations and telling him of plans to publicise the [Municipal Gallery] in the 'Fine Arts Journal' and elsewhere, 1913 February 4.
Letter from J.M.E. Bowley to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of the Sunderland Art Gallery, 1903 January 22.
Letter from Augustine A. Boyce to Hugh Lane regarding giving a picture [by her late husband George Price Boyce] to Hugh Lane, 1904 October 31.
Letter from Augustine A. Boyce to Hugh Lane asking to where she should send a picture by her late husband George Price Boyce, 1904 November 29.
Letter from Augustine A. Boyce to Hugh Lane confirming that she has sent a sketch for Hugh Lane, 1904 December 6.
Portion of a completed schedule by Augustine A. Boyce listing a picture by her late husband George Price Boyce that she is presenting [for the Municipal Gallery], [1904].
Letter from H. B. Brabazon to Hugh Lane regarding works of his that could be displayed at an exhibition in London's Guildhall, 1904 April 5.
Letter from H. B. Brabazon to Hugh Lane informing Lane of another person who has a large collection of Brabazon's work, [1904] April 5.
Letter from H. B. Brabazon to Hugh Lane offering drawings displayed at an exhibition in London's Guildhall as a gift to "the proposed permanent exhibition in Dublin", 1904 August 11.
Letter from William Henry Brayden to Hugh Lane regarding the 'Irish Times' and a catalogue, 1908 February 22.
Letter from George Briggs to Hugh Lane regretting that he does not have in his collection any work "good enough to present to the Irish capital", 1904 November 4.
Letter from Stopford Augustus Brooke to Hugh Lane accepting his invitation to join a committee, 1904 December 17.
Business card of A.K. Brown, Honorary Secretary of the Royal Glasgow Institute of Fine Arts, undated.
Letter from Ernest Brown & Phillips to Hugh Lane offering 2 drawings towards the "nucleus of a collection" for the Municipal Gallery, 1904 September 7.
Letter from Ernest Brown & Phillips to Hugh Lane confirming despatch of 2 drawings [intended for Dublin's Municipal Gallery], 1904 November 5.
Letter from Ernest Brown & Phillips to Hugh Lane seeking permission to add to a series of reproductions, 1907 October 21.
Letter from Ernest Brown & Phillips to Hugh Lane regarding a series of reproductions, 1907 November 4.
Letter from Montagu Browne to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of the Art Gallery, Leicester, 1903 January 31.
Letter from Duncan J. Brownlow to Hugh Lane expressing pleasure that a Hoppner picture will be of use to Lane and asking when it will be needed, 1902 November 28.
Letter from Sir Charles H. Brett to Hugh Lane asking him to open an art society exhibition in Belfast, 1908 September 19.
Letter from Sir Charles H. Brett to Hugh Lane expressing disappointment [that Lane will not open an art society exhibition in Belfast] and sympathising with him about the "dread of any public appearance", 1908 September 24.
Letter from C. Brunner to Hugh Lane asking Lane to lend a portrait for a charity exhibition in Paris, 1909 April 16.
Letter from W.C. Buckley to Lady Gregory regarding money collected by him in Canada for the Municipal Gallery, 1907 December 4.
Letter from Josephine Bullen to Hugh Lane inviting him to attend an Irish dinner at the Lyceum Club, London, 1909 June 12.
Letter from Ynyr H. Burges to Hugh Lane regarding the progress of packing pictures to be sent off, 1902 November 18.
Letter from Evan North Burton-Mackenzie to Hugh Lane asking if he and Sir Kenneth Matheson may visit Lane's house and perhaps meet Lane, 1909.
Partial letter from Evan North Burton-Mackenzie to Hugh Lane providing measurements of picture frames, undated.
Letter from Mildred Anne Butler to Hugh Lane agreeing to give a picture [to the Municipal Gallery], 1904 August 4.
Letter from Mildred Anne Butler to Hugh Lane regarding the latest date for submitting her picture and "forms", 1904 October 25.
Letter from Mildred Anne Butler to Hugh Lane confirming despatch of her watercolour [for the Municipal Gallery], 1904 December 18.
Letter from Ayerst H. Buttery to Hugh Lane giving his opinion that a picture attributed to Corot is by that artist, 1905 June 6.
Letter from Walter Callan to Hugh Lane asking him to visit "H.E" [His Excellency, Lord Dudley] at Rockingham, 1905 January 5.
Letter from Walter Callan to Hugh Lane advising him of the days "H.E" [His Excellency, Lord Dudley] will ask the Prince [of Wales?] to visit "the collection", 1905 January 17.
Letter from D.Y Cameron to Hugh Lane advising that he will contribute one of his pictures to the City of Dublin Gallery, 1904 November 1.
Letter from D.Y Cameron to Hugh Lane confirming which one of his pictures he will contribute to the City of Dublin Gallery, with completed schedule, 1904 November 7.
Letter from D.Y Cameron to Hugh Lane regarding a delay in providing some of his etchings, [1910?] March 8.
Letter from Henry Campbell to Hugh Lane enclosing photographs of pictures damaged in a fire in the council chamber of Dublin City Hall, with later newscutting, 1910 March 22.
Letter from Henry Campbell to Hugh Lane about a resolution adopted by the Municipal Council regarding the building of a Municipal Gallery and the gift of paintings by Hugh Lane, 1913 January 21.
Letter from Henry Campbell to Hugh Lane about a resolution adopted by the Municipal Council regarding the estimated costs of, and site for, a Municipal Gallery, with copy of a report, 1913 July 22.
Letter from Henry Campbell to Hugh Lane about a resolution adopted by the Municipal Council ruling out the proposed bridge site for a Municipal Gallery and requesting that the Council oversee such matters, 1913 September 19.
Copy of letter from Henry Campbell to Miss [Sarah Cecilia] Harrison about a resolution adopted by the Municipal Council ruling out the proposed bridge site for a Municipal Gallery and requesting that the Council oversee such matters, 1913 October 3.
Letter from Muriel Campbell to Hugh Lane regarding subscriptions, and a picture she may wish to sell, 1904 October 31.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane suggesting people from whom he "should certainly try and get something" and regarding a drawing by Troyon, [circa 1904].
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane expressing pleasure that Lane bought a work by Daumier, asking the name of the new gallery [Municipal Gallery], regarding a drawing by Troyon, and enquiring about a work by Mancini, 1904 August 6.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane regarding a portrait by Whistler and the "[J. Staat?] Forbes pictures", 1904 August 9.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's correspondence with "Mr. H", the portrait that "we hunted for", and a drawing by Troyon, 1904 August 23.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane expressing satisfaction that artists Le Sidaner and Swynnerton have promised pictures [to the Municipal Gallery] and regarding a drawing by Troyon, 1904 August 28.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane apologising for forgetting to leave a Troyon drawing in London for Lane, 1904 September 4.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane about the "very good bit of work" she has done for the [Municipal] Gallery and the resulting promise by sculptor Paul Bartlett of a bronze, 1904 October 22.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane about sending Lane's circular to Paris, and her intention to write to the sculptor [Metardo?] Rosso and pastellist Guirand de Scévola, 1904 October 30.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane regarding the lack of response from [Metardo?] Rosso and Guirand de Scévola, and providing Paul Bartlett's address so that Lane may write to him, 1904 November 6.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane informing him that [Metardo?] Rosso has promised a work [for the Municipal Gallery], and referring to Lane's lack of acknowledgement about the Troyon [drawing], 1904 November 13.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane regarding paintings by an artist, and expressing regret that she cannot attend the opening [of the Municipal Gallery], 1904 November 14.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane inviting him to her house to hear the violinist Kathleen Parlow, 1909 July 5.
Letter from Vera Campbell to Hugh Lane encouraging him to view the work of artist Paul Henry, and asking him to visit her as she is "unable to stand or walk", 1909 December 8.
Letter from P. G. Hamilton Carvill to Hugh Lane informing him that he has had no encouragement to comply with Lane's request, 1904 December 26.
Letter from James L. Caw to Hugh Lane asking him to give Caw the first option to acquire a picture should Lane dispose of it, undated.
Letter from James L. Caw to Hugh Lane enclosing newscuttings [not extant] related to Lane's acquisition of an Orchardson picture for the National Gallery of Scotland, 1913 July 19.
Letter from James L. Caw to Hugh Lane confirming arrival of an Orchardson picture at the National Gallery of Scotland and regarding its frame and payment terms, 1913 July 21.
Letter from James L. Caw to Hugh Lane regarding the frame and payment terms for an Orchardson picture, 1913 July 23.
Letter from E.A. Charles to Hugh Lane inviting him to make an appointment to view the work of her husband [artist James Charles], 1904 October 20.
Letter from James Charles to Hugh Lane confirming when his pictures will be ready and dispatched, 1904 November 3.
Letter from the Chenil Gallery to Hugh Lane providing a statement of account and asking where to send drawings by [Augustus] John and [William] Orpen, 1905 December 30.
Letter from René Chéruy to [Paul] Durand-Ruel regarding the time and place where Hugh Lane could meet Auguste Rodin, 1914 May 10.
Letter from the Chief Secretary's office to Hugh Lane inviting him to lunch or to meet at the Abbey Theatre, 1901 March 1.
Letter from C.R. Chisman to Hugh Lane accepting Lane onto the executive committee of the fine art section of the Latin-British and South American Exhibition of 1912, 1912 March 20.
Letter from Gerard Chowne to Hugh Lane confirming the location of a picture for Lane, [1904] November 4.
Letter from Clara Christian to Hugh Lane regarding circulars, press notices and letters she has written to 'The Times', undated.
Letter from Vera Christie to Hugh Lane confirming that she is willing to send a picture to the proposed [Municipal Gallery], undated.
Letter from Vera Christie to Hugh Lane asking to where she should send her picture for the [Municipal Gallery], undated.
Letter from Vera Christie to Hugh Lane confirming that she is sending her picture for the [Municipal Gallery], undated.
Letter from M.E. Christie-Miller to [Hugh Lane] expressing willingness to lend a picture "for restoration of that damaged by fire", 1910 March 7.
Letter from George Clausen to Hugh Lane confirming that he will give a picture [to the Municipal Gallery], [1904].
Letter from George Clausen to Hugh Lane regarding the successful opening of the [Municipal Gallery], and pictures of Clausen's for the gallery, 1904 November 27.
Letter from George Clausen to Hugh Lane informing him that one of his pictures cannot be got for Lane, 1904 November 27.
Letter from George Clausen to Hugh Lane confirming the availability of a picture and prints for the [Municipal] gallery, 1904 December 19.
Letter from George Coffey to Hugh Lane informing him that he has sent a catalogue to Salomon Reinach and asked him to "say a few words of approval", 1908 January 21.
Letter from Martin Colnaghi to Hugh Lane giving his opinion that a picture attributed to Corot is by that artist, 1905 June 2.
Letter from Rupert Colomb, on behalf of the Select Committee on the Public Offices (Dublin) Bill, to Hugh Lane asking him to attend a meeting to give evidence, 1903 June 25.
Letter from A.C. Colthurst to Hugh Lane offering to send a drawing, watercolours of Galway town, and a picture from her sister Mrs. Bruce, undated.
Letter from Charles Conder to Hugh Lane requesting a cheque in respect of 4 drawings, 1904 November 3.
Letter from Charles Conder to Hugh Lane thanking him for a cheque, informing him that the pictures were collected and enquiring about a picture by Rothenstein, 1904 November 8.
Letter from Charles Conder to Hugh Lane requesting the return of a picture, expressing pleasure at the success of the "Dublin exhibition" and regarding 2 artists who may give pictures "for Dublin", 1905 June 12.
Letter from Lt. Col. William Congreve to Hugh Lane declining to lend a picture for the St Louis exhibition, [1904] January 29.
Letter from E. M. Conolly to Hugh Lane expressing unwillingness to lend Castletown pictures for the St Louis exhibition but referring to other pictures, [1904] April 25.
Letter from E. Cooper to Hugh Lane informing him that a painting he seeks belongs to Cooper's brother and is in London, 1902 November 10.
Letter from R.J. Cooper, on behalf of the Lord Lieutenant, the Earl of Dudley, to Hugh Lane regretting that His Excellency cannot attend the opening of the [Municipal] Gallery, 1904 November 2.
Letter from R.J. Cooper, on behalf of the Lord Lieutenant, the Earl of Dudley, to Hugh Lane regarding a visit to the [Municipal] Gallery and regretting that His Excellency cannot present a painting, 1904 December 3.
Letter from Sir Algernon Coote to Hugh Lane thanking him for a cheque and offering an acknowledgement for Lane's help in disposing of an item, 1902 June 20.
Letter from the office of the City Treasurer, Dublin, to Hugh Lane regarding a formal record of the intentions of artists, 1905 January 11.
Letter from the office of the City Treasurer, Dublin, to Hugh Lane asking him to prepare a statement to gather support for a Bill that would secure funds for the [Municipal] Gallery, 1908 July 7.
Letter from the office of the City Treasurer, Dublin, to Hugh Lane, regarding difficulties with a Bill and a resulting funding issue related to the Municipal Gallery, which could close, 1909 March 11.
Letter from the office of the City Treasurer, Dublin, to Hugh Lane, congratulating him [on his knighthood], and regarding a possible payment to the Municipal Gallery, 1909 June 28.
Letter from the office of the City Treasurer, Dublin, to Hugh Lane, enclosing payment for Lane's restoration of pictures damaged in a fire in the council chamber of Dublin City Hall, 1910 August 25.
Letter from Corporation of Glasgow Art Gallery and Museum, to Hugh Lane, providing information on the financing of that institution, 1903 January 21.
Letter from Charles Cottet to [Hugh Lane] thanking him for his letter and agreeing to give him a picture for display in Dublin, 1904 August 20.
Letter from Mrs. Herbert Cohen to Hugh Lane asking him to get an Arthur Hughes picture that she may give to the [Municipal] Gallery, 1904 October 15.
Letter from Mrs. Herbert Cohen to Hugh Lane enclosing payment for an [Arthur Hughes] picture that she hopes the "Dublin folk" will like, 1904 October 23.
Letter from Arthur Courtenay to Hugh Lane thanking him for his letter and informing him that he cannot accept his invitation but will try to see him when he "can get out of this horrid place", 1902 February 26.
Copy of a letter from F.B. Craig to Miss [Sarah Cecilia] Harrison proposing that the Municipal Gallery be erected over the river Liffey between Burgh and Eden Quays, 1912 November 27.
Letter from F.B. Craig to Hugh Lane regarding Craig's proposition [that the Municipal Gallery be erected over the river Liffey between Burgh and Eden Quays], 1912 December 7.
Letter from Henry Sharman Crawford to Hugh Lane proposing that the 'Irish Times' start a subscribers' list to raise funds for the Municipal Gallery and that Lane encourage many Irish and British newspapers to do the same, undated.
Letter from Henry Sharman Crawford to Hugh Lane regarding a promise of money from Crawford's father, a Corot picture and a letter of support from Lady Dudley, all related to the Municipal Gallery, undated.
Letter from Richard Croker to [Hugh Lane] enclosing £25 as his subscription toward the "fund of "modern art"" , 1904 March 30.
Letter from Crotti and Company to [Hugh Lane] regarding the refusal by "the Museum of Dublin" of a painting, and whether Lane would sell a picture by Jan Steen, 1907 July 16.
Letter from W. Crowther to [Hugh Lane] providing information on the financing of the Derby Art Gallery, 1903 January 20.
Letter from J. [Cydsucher?] to Hugh Lane expressing his desire not to "appear in print" in the Dublin newspapers and wishing to discuss "answers from my Dutch artists friends", 1905 March 12.
Letter from J. [Cydsucher?] to Hugh Lane regarding a picture by Jacob Maris and intentions to present pictures to galleries, 1905 March 16.
Letter from J. [Cydsucher?] to Hugh Lane asking that, as soon as the "charter" is in order, Lane communicates with a firm of solicitors until the author returns, 1906 November 1.
Letter from J. [Cydsucher?] to Hugh Lane regarding the works he has promised to loan to the Municipal Gallery, 1907 November 26.
Letter from J. [Cydsucher?] to Hugh Lane regarding the exact works he has promised to loan to the Municipal Gallery and the issue of catalogue reproductions, 1907 December 2.
Letter from Julia Daly to Hugh Lane, telling him that "Capt. Daly" wants his pictures to be insured for £4,000 and £1,000 respectively, and how they are to be handled for sale, November 26.
Letter from Julia Daly to Hugh Lane, telling him he can send "Egan" down for the pictures on Monday, November 29.
Letter from Robert Staples Longworth Dames to Hugh Lane, asking about two portraits exhibited in Dublin, 1903 January 29.
Letter from W.R. Davies to Hugh Lane, sending on behalf of the Chief Secretary for Ireland [Augustine Birrell] a list of potential nominees for the first governing body of the new college in Dublin [the National University of Ireland], 1908 May 5.
Letter from Mary Dease to Hugh Lane, recommending her cousin, "Major" Dease, as a "most useful man" for his gallery, November 4.
Letter from Arthur Deane, on behalf of the Public Art Gallery and Museum in Belfast, to Hugh Lane thanking him for agreeing to loan some pictures to the gallery, 1913 Sept. 12.
Letter from Arthur Deane, Belfast Public Art Gallery and Museum, to Hugh Lane about how gratified he is by the wire from him, 1913 September 20.
Letter from Arthur Deane, Belfast Public Art Gallery and Museum, to Hugh Lane, saying how the latter will be able to have his pictures if the Dublin pictures arrive in time, 1913 September 23.
Illustrated catalogue of a loan exhibition by the Belfast Public Art Gallery and Museum, of modern paintings lent by Hugh Lane, 1913 October.
Letter from Arthur Deane, Belfast Public Art Gallery and Museum, to Hugh Lane, saying that he will send to him copies of the catalogue, 1913 November.
Letter from William Delaney to Hugh Lane, thanking him for his letter and its enclosed letter from his friend, "[Rodkin?]", 1909 January 16.
Letter from Alfred De Pass to Hugh Lane about pictures that are "the given of Ireland", 1904 October 10.
Letter from Alfred De Pass to Hugh Lane about how he does not care about the "Dublin gallery or posterity" but he will pay £10 for some Majolica pottery, 1907 December 16.
Letter from Teresa Del Riego to Hugh Lane, asking him if he wants a Turner picture worth £4,500 or if he knows anyone who does, [1908?] December 16.
Letter from Thomas Devitt to Hugh Lane about how he will lend him his picture by Adrian Stokes, 'Wild Cherry Trees in the South Tyrol', for his exhibition, 1904 November 4.
Letter from A. de Vlieger to Hugh Lane, sending him a copy of his book [not extant] in response to the latter's interest in the Caote family after the former's brother-in-law, Algernon Caote, lent him some pictures for his St Louis Exhibition, 1904 February 11.
Letter from Edward Rimbault Dibdin to Hugh Lane, saying that he has sent him the picture 'En Voyage', by Antonio Mancini, for the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 September 12.
Letter from Evelyn de Vesci to Hugh Lane about how disappointed she is at being unable to attend "Mr Kelly's" studio and how "Mr [John Singer?] Sargent" was done a "very delightful" drawing of her "girl", undated.
Letter from J. Donnellan to Hugh Lane about hearing news of the "abandonment of the Irish gallery" and how he would not object to lending any of his pictures provided he is secure from "any possible loss", 1904 March 19.
Letter from R. Langton Douglas to Ruth Shine with an enclosed list of 40 pictures from Hugh Lane's collection [not extant], 1918 March 2.
Letter from Richard Dowse to Hugh Lane, accepting his invitation to meet and discuss the former joining the committee, and suggesting the Royal Hibernian Academy as the place to meet, 1905 March 11.
Letter from Mildred Drap to Hugh Lane, asking if he would like to come to Hatfield on 14th January, 1900 December 30.
Letter from Thomas Drew to Hugh Lane about the results of the Royal Hibernian Academy council meeting, 1904 September 13.
Letter from Thomas Drew to Hugh Lane about how glad he is to "hear of you alive" and promising to tell him about the exhibition next week, 1903 October 4.
Letter from Thomas Drew to Hugh Lane about the special committee meeting of the Royal Hibernian Academy to deal with the latter's application, 1904 October 5.
Letter from Thomas Drew to Hugh Lane about how he can offer nothing to him in regards to the Royal Hibernian Academy except for "occupation of the galleries", 1904 October 16.
Circular letter calling for a permanent collection of modern paintings for Dublin and for the erection of a suitable building for this proposed collection, with a list of artists willing to contribute, [1904?].
Circular letter calling for a permanent collection of modern paintings for Dublin, with a list of artists willing to contribute, 1904.
Letter from Thomas Drew to Hugh Lane, discussing committee work in the Dublin art world, 1908 January 10.
Copy of a circular letter asking for a presentation to Hugh Lane in recognition of "his services in the cause of modern art", 1905 December.
Copy of a circular letter asking for a presentation to Hugh Lane in recognition of "his services in the cause of modern art" with a list of those "already promised", 1906 January.
Letter from Countess Drogheda to Hugh Lane, rejoicing in the "near development of the scheme" and how she thinks "all will go well", 1905 January 6.
Letter from Countess Drogheda to Hugh Lane about how glad she is that "the pictures will look nice", September 9.
Letter from Countess Drogheda to Hugh Lane about how sorry she is that she cannot attend the committee meeting as she is shooting with a friend tomorrow, 1904 December 27.
Letter from Countess Drogheda to Hugh Lane about how glad she is that the exhibition was a success, June 12.
Letter from Countess Drogheda to Hugh Lane about inspecting the "treasures for they are worth a good deal to the Gallery", [1908] September 24.
Letter from Countess Drogheda to Hugh Lane, asking him to let her know when he is in London as she wants to talk to him about a "certain professional matter" and that a line to the Foreign Office will find her, 1908 December 6.
Letter from Thomas Duckworth, secretary of the Victoria Institute in Worcester, to Hugh Lane, with an enclosed report on an art gallery [not extant], 1903 January 22.
Letter from J.H. Dudgeon to Hugh Lane about how he thinks that the National Gallery of Ireland will be a success, 1905 June 3.
Copy of a letter from Lady Rachel Dudley to Countess Markievicz about her interest in the project to acquire the Forbes Collection for Ireland but how she is hesitant over the probable price, 1904 December 29.
Letter from August Neven du Mont to Hugh Lane about how he would be pleased to present a picture to the "future city of Dublin gallery" with a description of the picture in question, 1904 October 17.
Letter from August Neven du Mont to Hugh Lane, saying he does not know how soon the pictures that are currently on tour in the U.S.A. will be back, 1904 October 18.
Letter from Ellen Duncan to Hugh Lane about her thoughts on the [Municipal Gallery of Modern Art] and her "profound disgust" at the negativity towards it at a Dublin Corporation meeting, 1913 June 16.
Letter from Ellen Duncan to Hugh Lane about how she wrote a number of letters to different people asking them to contact the committee with individual letters, and Poe Hutcheson's proposal for a petition to be signed by as many people as it can, undated.
Letter from Ellen Duncan to Ruth Shine, thanking her for the pamphlets and enclosing a list of the pictures excluded from those first claimed by the Gallery, and the issue of the portrait of Hugh Lane by John Sargent such as where to hang it in the Gallery and if they could get R. Langton Douglas to relinquish claim over it, 1917 June 12.
Letter from Ellen Duncan to Ruth Shine, saying goodbye as "the prime minister cannot possibly find time for our deputation", and apologising for not knowing sooner, and thanking her for taking her to the play, 1917 June 26.
Letter from Ellen Duncan to Ruth Shine with an enclosed newspaper cutting about the sale of the portraits by John Lavery in Dublin, and how well they sold despite not being worth £500 between them, 1917 June 29.
Letter from James Duncan to Hugh Lane about the result of the commitee meeting which has been "most satisfactory" and how they asked the Earl of Mayo to house the Watts painting, 1906 May 29.
Letter from James Duncan to Hugh Lane about how George Russell, [Count?] Markievicz, and he interviewed "Eyre" and Harrington today and "it's all right about the £500 a year", 1906 May 30.
Lists of books printed by Dun Emer Press, such as out of print titles and new publications, undated.
Telegram from James Dunn to Hugh Lane, promising him some help for his Municipal Gallery of Modern Art, 1912 November 22.
Letter from James Dunn to Hugh Lane, giving him £2,500 towards the cost of the Municipal Gallery of Modern Art, 1912 November 25.
Letter from James Dunn to Hugh Lane, saying he wants to give him £2,500 for the Municipal Gallery of Modern Art but does not want to give a cheque, and asking him to call in instead, 1913 April 8.
Letter from Windham Wyndham-Quin to William Poe Hutcheson, allowing himself to be put down as a subscriber of £100, and how Hugh Lane could visit him at Adare to look at the pictures, though he declines Hugh Lane's offer of a public meeting for a project to purchase pictures in Dublin as he knows nothing about the subject, 1905 January 2.
Letter from Windham Wyndham-Quin to Hugh Lane with an enclosed cheque for £100 [not extant], 1905 April 10.
Letter from Lord Dunsany to Hugh Lane apologising that the latter should find everything so unprepared for his visit, 1902 November 24.
Letter from Durand-Ruel et fils to Hugh Lane with a list of the paintings he chose and their prices, a list of paintings by young artists for which he obtained very low prices, and title and price of the Manet that will be sent to him from Dresden, and the list of insurances for these paintings, 1904 October 24.
Letter from Durand-Ruel et fils to Hugh Lane, refusing his proposed prices for several paintings for being too low, 1904 December 22.
Letter from Durand-Ruel et fils to Hugh Lane, saying he could get for him an Édouard Manet picture 'La plage de Boulogne' for £1,500, and advising him to not delay in responding if he wants the picture, 1906 May 30.
Letter from Durand-Ruel et fils to Hugh Lane about trying to obtain copies of the article in the 'Saturday Review', that he will send him the paintings by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin and Jean-Antoine Watteau, and how he hopes to see him next time he is in Paris, 1908 February 10.
Letter from Durand-Ruel et fils to Hugh Lane, telling him that the picture he bought has been sent to him, 1913 December 4.
Letter from Sir Nugent Talbot Everard to Hugh Lane about a "beautiful" picture whose owner is prepared to loan it for an exhibition, 1902 November 26.
Letter from James Doyle Penrose to Hugh Lane, saying he is sending some of his pictures for the St Louis exhibition, 1904 February 5.
Letter from L. Eaton Smith from the Chief Secretary's Office in Dublin Castle, on behalf of George Wyndham, to Hugh Lane in reply to his letter about an outline for the plan for a gallery of modern art in Dublin and declining to offer any advice on it, 190[4?] October 13.
Letter from William Eden to Hugh Lane about how pleased he would be to present a water-colour painting at the National Gallery of Ireland, 1904 November 2.
Letter from William Eden to Hugh Lane about how glad he is that the latter liked his drawing and how he would like to buy one of the Forbes collection, undated.
Letter from Robert Elliot to Hugh Lane about how he hopes to find pleasure in writing about the latter's exhibition, undated.
Letter from Beatrice Elvery to Hugh Lane, apologising for giving him the trouble over the Iveagh casket and taking full responsibility for it, June 25.
Letter from Robert Emery to Hugh Lane about how he has asked "our Dublin correspondent" to send a short telegram, December 7.
Letter from Thomas Henry Grattan Esmonde to Hugh Lane about how he will not be back in London for a fortnight due to a funeral, 1905 March 6.
Letter from R.H. Everett to Hugh Lane with an enclosed sketch of a "[George] Romney" [not extant], having been advised by [William] Orpen to tell him all about it, November 26.
Letter from Felix Feneon to Hugh Lane, saying how he has received the catalogue for the Municipal Gallery of Modern Art, and recommends art dealers for when he is next time in Paris, 1908 July 24.
Letter from Arthur James Francis Plunkett, Earl of Fingall, to Hugh Lane, asking after Ellen Duncan, undated.
Letter from Arthur James Francis Plunkett, Earl of Fingall, to Hugh Lane, thanking him for his kind letter of advice, August 13.
Letter from W.H. Fisher from the Treasury Chambers, Whitehall, to Hugh Lane about how he read the various papers he sent to him about the Royal Hibernian Academy, and refraining from making an opinions as it is a matter for the Chief Secretary of Ireland, 1903 March 25.
Letter from Frederick Fitzgerald to Hugh Lane, discussing the possible location of a missing picture, 1901 November 29.
Letter from Frederick Fitzgerald to Hugh Lane regarding loans of pictures and their insurance, and calling the latter's plan "excellent", 1902 October 27.
Letter from Frederick Fitzgerald to Hugh Lane, saying how the trustees, including himself, have no power over money other than but were able to purchase some family portraits all the same even though he is not sure that it was "quite legal", 1904 October 21.
Letter from George Fitzgerald to Hugh Lane, thanking him for the catalogue that was received this morning, undated.
Card from George Fitzgerald to Hugh Lane, asking for a catalogue of an art collection to be sent to him, 1908 July 7.
Letter from Nora Fitzpatrick to Hugh Lane, offering to take him up on his previous suggestion of binding a book of engravings for him and giving him the address to send it for her, 1909 February 10.
Letter from Francis Flannery to Hugh Lane, offering to meet him on Sunday at 2pm to make his acquaintance, 1908 April 10.
Letter from Bartle Compton Arthur Frere to Hugh Lane, reminding him of their previous meeting in London, and asking if he would like to see a painting of his that he bought in Spain next time he is in London, 1900 August 8.
Letter from Friends of the National Collections of Ireland about the dispute between London and Dublin over the Hugh Lane collection, and urging for a demonstration of how widespread the desire in Ireland is for the return of the pictures, [1926?].
Letter from Professor Friese to Hugh Lane about two pictures he had lent to him for the St Louis exhibition, with a list of the two pictures with their expected insurance costs, 1904 April 2.
Letter from Ella Fry [to Hugh Lane] about how "he" wants more for the picture than what has been offered, undated.
Letter from Wilhelm Heinrich Funk to Hugh Lane, saying that he can pick up the picture promised to him at the Dove Gallery [London] and how he hopes the Irish people will like it, 1904 November 6.
Letter from Wilhelm Heinrich Funk to the Dove Gallery, telling them to deliver his picture 'The Knitting Lesson' to Hugh Lane, 1904 November 6.
Letter from Wilhelm Heinrich Funk to the Hon. Secretary of the Royal Societies' Club, London, to say that he is prepared to present his picture, 'The Knitting Lesson' to form part of the modern art collection for the City of Dublin Gallery at the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 November.
Letter from Charles Wellington Furse to Hugh Lane, hoping he does not think badly of him if he does not offer his pictures for exhibition as they have already been exhibited before, though St Louis, undated.
Letter from Charles Wellington Furse to Hugh Lane about the only two Irish people he can lend and that he will write to them, undated.
Letter from John Henry Monsell Furse to Hugh Lane, saying how the 'Cock and Snake' is "out of the question" but offers a choice out of two other pictures of his, 1904 November 13.
Letter from Katharine Furse to Hugh Lane, declining to give a picture to his gallery because she only holds them "in trust for the boys" but she might lend him one, giving him a choice out of two pictures, 1907 December 13.
Newspaper clipping about Hugh Lane sending his French pictures on loan to the National Gallery, London and to the Belfast Municipal Gallery for exhibition, with a photograph of Hugh Lane, [1913 October?].
Newspaper clipping from the 'Irish News and Belfast Morning News', discussing the more notable works displayed in the Belfast Municipal Art Gallery and Museum on loan from Hugh Lane, and about how "opinions may vary" on the decision of Dublin on rejecting the pictures on conditional offer by Hugh Lane, 1913 October 8.
Newspaper clipping from the 'The Northern Whig' about the opening of the art exhibition in the Art Gallery of the Free Library by the Marquis of Londonderry, 1906 April 21.
Newspaper clipping about the opening of the art exhibition in Belfast, opened by the Marquis of Londonderry, and how it gives Belfast the chance to prove itself as capable of higher culture as any other city regardless of the critics who call the people there 'Philistines', [1906 April 21?].
Account of the seventeenth meeting "of the Committee" [for the establishment of the Municipal Gallery], 1906 May 28.
Account of a meeting of the Mansion House Committee for the Provision of a Permanent Municipal Art Gallery on the 29th of November, with newscutting listing contributors, [circa 1912-1915].
Draft letter on behalf "of the committee" seeking to interest an unknown recipient in the project to establish a gallery of modern art in Dublin, 1905 March 31.
Prose by Hugh Lane setting out why it is "imperative that immediate steps be taken to house the pictures presented to Dublin as a nucleus for a Modern Gallery", undated.
Prose regarding the collection of modern pictures of the late J. Staat Forbes and a proposed scheme to raise funds to purchase it "for Ireland", undated.
Statement of account "for the purchase of certain pictures, by public subscription" related to the Municipal Gallery, including balance due to Hugh Lane, undated.
List by Hugh Lane of pictures and their artists, with prices, some of which "have not yet been seen in Dublin", undated.
List of pictures of the [J. Staat] Forbes collection and their artists, with details of who presented them to the Municipal Gallery and with prices, undated.
Catalogue of pictures lent for the purpose of establishing the Municipal Gallery, as exhibited in the National Museum, 1905.
Letter from Arthur W. Garbutt, of the 'Evening Mail', to Hugh Lane informing him that he is sending a reporter to seek Lane's opinion on "the present state of affairs" regarding the Municipal Gallery, 1913 August 1.
Letter from Norman Garstin to Hugh Lane agreeing to contribute a work towards the Municipal Gallery, [1904].
Letter from Norman Garstin to Hugh Lane expressing concern that a work of his for the Municipal Gallery should be good enough, and suggesting that "gift horses should be very carefully examined", [1904].
Letter from Norman Garstin to Hugh Lane asking when his work will be exhibited in Dublin and by when should it be submitted, 1904 October 24.
Letter from Norman Garstin to Hugh Lane confirming that he will send his "masterpiece" 'The Stranger' to Dublin, 1904 October 26.
Letter from J.E. Geoghegan to Hugh Lane agreeing that a Whistler etching should be a gift to the Municipal Gallery, 1908 January 11.
Slip with the text "With Captain E. Gerrards' compliments. Ref Directors letter of 23 Oct", 1961 October 30.
Letter from Lady Feodora Gleichen to Hugh Lane informing him that a plaster cast is available "for the Dublin Gallery" and asking to where it should be sent, undated.
Letter from Agnes Goldman to Hugh Lane informing him that a picture he sought is in the country, and inviting him to visit, 1908 May 28.
Letter from Lilyan Gordon to [Hugh Lane] inviting him to call to view "one or two old things", [1903] November 19.
Letter from Blanche Gordon-Lennox to Hugh Lane enclosing a cheque and wishing him success, 1905 July 8.
Letter from William J. Goulding to The Lord Mayor [William Coffey] offering to lend a picture for copying, following a fire in the council chamber, 1908 November 12.
Letter from Georgiana, Viscountess Gough, to Hugh Lane informing him that she hopes to go to "Mr. Kelly's studio" and regarding work required on several pictures, 1909 July 10.
Letter from Hugh, Viscount Gough, to Hugh Lane informing him that "we have" no portrait of "the Field Marshal" [Hugh Gough, 1st Viscount Gough?] suitable for exhibition, 1904 February 19.
Letter from Hugh, Viscount Gough, to Hugh Lane declining, while serving abroad, to join the committee for the proposed Gallery of Modern Art and to subscribe, 1904 December 13.
Letter from Hugh, Viscount Gough, to Hugh Lane offering to subscribe towards the cost of paper and postage "of the committee", 1904 December 26.
Letter from Hugh, Viscount Gough, to Hugh Lane enquiring whether Lane accepts his offer to subscribe towards the cost of paper and postage "of the committee", 1905 January 1.
Letter from Hugh, Viscount Gough, to Hugh Lane offering his advice regarding Lane's role, influence and collection of pictures intended for Dublin, and asking that any payment from him towards postage costs be kept private, 1905 January 3.
Letter from William Crampton Gore to Hugh Lane agreeing to give £5 towards the purchase of the [J. Staat] Forbes collection, 1904 December 24.
Letter from Arthur F. G. Leveson-Gower to [Hugh Lane] asking him to look at a picture owned by Lady Georgiana Peel, 1908 November 19.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to [Hugh Lane] regarding a sun dial, a piece of marble and asking Lane if a purchase could be made, 1900 April 28.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane thanking him for a rare marble gift and asking him to help find a miniature, 1900 May 15.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane asking him to dine the next day at the Royal Societies Club, 1900 May 18.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane asking him to dine at the Royal Societies Club, and suggesting that Lane could get Walter Sickert to meet them, 1901 February 11.
Card from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane thanking him for the trouble he has taken and arranging to meet, 1901 June 4.
Card from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane expressing disappoinment that Lane cannot visit, 1901 June 29.
Card from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane hoping he is better, and asking what he owes "the man for the job", 1901 June 30.
Card from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane asking him to forward an enclosure [not extant] and regarding a date when Lane and [Brooks?] may visit, 1901 July 14.
Card from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane asking him to visit, and regarding dinner plans, 1901 July 15.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to [Charles?] telling of a visit to his niece and a month in Venice, 1902 June 17.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane thanking him for a catalogue and regretting that he cannot be of help as he will be away, 1903 January 4.
Letter from Lord Ronald Sutherland Gower to Hugh Lane asking him to write or meet him, 1903 October 20.
Illustrated circular by the Grafton Galleries for an exhibition of works by the artist Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida, 1908 May-July.
Letter from Algernon Graves to Hugh Lane asking for photographs of a work by Sir Joshua [Reynolds] purchased by Lane, regarding the progress of his book, and inviting Lane to view a German dictionary of artists, 1908 February 13.
Letter from R. H. Greg to Hugh Lane thanking Lane for letting him view his pictures and wishing Lane had been there, 1907 July 3.
Newspaper cutting regarding the publication of Lady Gregory's book about the correspondence of Sir Wililam Gregory [grandfather of Sir William Henry Gregory], [1898?].
Telegram from Lady Gregory and W.B. Yeats to Hugh Lane that reads "Congratulations to Senate and Senator", 1908 May 11.
2 pieces of prose from Lady Gregory regarding the building of a Municipal Gallery, 1912 July-August.
Letter from Lady Gregory to Hugh Lane informing him that she is sending 2 pictures by Yeats, and regarding a drama related to Isaac Butt, undated.
Letter from Lady Gregory to [Hugh Lane] offering suggestions "for your circular" and suggesting names, including Irish and American, for "your committee", undated.
Letter from Lady Gregory to an unnamed recipient regarding the publication of an extract from a letter from George H. Baker related to the Municipal Gallery, undated.
Letter from General Lord Grenfell to Hugh Lane providing the inscription for the reverse of an item, undated.
Letter from J. Grosvenor to Hugh Lane regarding a replica of a bust by Rodin and offering apologies for being unable to attend the opening of the Municipal Gallery, undated.
Letter from J. S. Grosvenor to Hugh Lane thanking him for a picture and sending good wishes for Christmas, undated.
Letter from J. Grosvenor to Hugh Lane thanking him for tickets for an event, which had to be returned due to other commitments, undated.
Letter from Caroline Grosvenor to Hugh Lane regarding Mrs [Lionel] Phillips' wish that Lane visit her in relation to her scheme "for starting an exhibition in Johannesburg", 1909 April 16.
Letter from Caroline Grosvenor to Hugh Lane regarding her finances and debts, and what "Mr. Shannon" is doing for them, 1909 June 29.
Letter from Caroline Grosvenor to Hugh Lane thanking him for a crystal ornament, and regarding Lady Sheffield and a commission for "Mr. Kelly", 1909 August 2.
Letter from Alberto Grubicy to Hugh Lane regarding pictures by Segantini and Previati for exhibition in Dublin, 1904 October 25.
Card from Alberto Grubicy to Hugh Lane confirming receipt of payment for a sketch that he will send to Dublin, 1909 February 25.
Letter from Stephen Gwynn to Hugh Lane requesting a copy of a catalogue "of pictures now offered", undated.
Letter from Stephen Gwynn to Lady Gregory regarding possible sites for the Municipal Gallery and suggesting she write to a "Brady", undated.
Letter from Gustav Adolf, Crown Prince of Sweden, to Hugh Lane asking if he would lend a bowl for an exhibition of Chinese art, 1913 December 25.
Telegram from Gustav Adolf, Crown Prince of Sweden, to Hugh Lane thanking him and wishing him happy new year and bon voyage, 1914 January 2.
Letter from E. E. Hall, on behalf of Sir Edwin Lutyens, to Hugh Lane regarding the "masterly" selection of a site on the river Liffey for the Municipal Gallery, 1913 March 31.
Letter from E. E. Hall, on behalf of Sir Edwin Lutyens, to Hugh Lane enclosing a copy of a letter from a Mr. Bailey [not extant], 1913 July 8.
Letter from E. E. Hall, on behalf of Sir Edwin Lutyens, to Hugh Lane regarding Lutyens' attempt to meet the Lord Mayor [of Dublin], a note from "Plunkett" [not extant] and inviting Lane to lunch, 1913 August 26.
Letter from Fred Hall to Hugh Lane agreeing to give one of his pictures to the Municipal Gallery, [1904].
Letter from Fred Hall to Hugh Lane asking him to make arrangements to get a picture intended for the Municipal Gallery, 1904 November 5.
Postcard from Fred Hall to Hugh Lane suggesting a letter has gone astray and concerned whether a picture intended for the Municipal Gallery would be in time for the opening, [1904] November 18.
Letter from Eva Hamilton to Hugh Lane asking if the Municipal Gallery will "given up" due to lack of support from Dublin Corporation, undated.
Letter from William Hanford Flood to Hugh Lane inviting him to come, or to send someone, to view pictures, 1904 January 29.
Letter from William M. Harding to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's invitation to tea or dinner that day, 1902 July 22.
Letter from St. George Hare to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's rejection of a picture for an exhibtion, May 30.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Hugh Lane regarding the foundation of the Royal Academy, and the "incompetence" of the governors of the National Gallery in relation to a painting by Holbein, 1909 May 12.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Hugh Lane regarding potential sites for the Municipal Gallery, letters of support and the issue of a non-Irish architect, undated.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Hugh Lane regarding potential sites for the Municipal Gallery, 1913 March 5.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Hugh Lane informing him that she took Mr. Lutyens' design to Dublin City Hall, 1913 May 8.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to [Hugh Lane] telling him that [the Municipal Gallery project] has been referred to "a committee of the whole house" and asking his advice on what she should say at that meeting, 1913 June 23.
Partial letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Hugh Lane regarding meetings in relation to potential sites for the Municipal Gallery, 1913 July 16.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to [Hugh Lane] regarding a meeting in the Mansion House [related to the Municipal Gallery] and the "false and malignant words of Mr. Murphy directed against a man of your character", 1913 July 18.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to [Hugh Lane] regarding the Mansion House as a possible site [for the Municipal Gallery] and her belief that the "Gallery is to be sacrificed", 1913 July 21.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to [Hugh Lane] regarding the Mansion House as a possible site [for the Municipal Gallery] and the risk that Lane might "give it all up", 1913 July 21.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to [Hugh Lane] confirming that she will travel soon to London and wishes to discuss [the Municipal Gallery] project with him, 1913 July 21.
Letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Hugh Lane enclosing a cutting and a letter from 'The Freeman' [not extant] and regarding a deputation, 1913 August 1.
Copy of a letter from Sarah Cecilia Harrison to Sir Edwin Lutyens regarding his design for the bridge site [of the Municipal Gallery], 1913 May 12.
Letter from Albert Hartshorne to Hugh Lane thanking him for photographs, expressing a wish to call on him in London and regarding some antique weaponry, 1902 October 16.
Letter from Edwin Hayes to Hugh Lane regarding the collapse of the St. Louis exhibition, the possible Guildhall exhibition and the return of Hayes' pictures, 1904 March 29.
Letter from Edwin Hayes to Hugh Lane offering 2 pictures for exhibition at London's Guildhall and asking when they are needed, 1904 April 10.
Letter from Edwin Hayes to Hugh Lane regarding pictures of his that may be available for exhibition, 1904 April 21.
Letter from Edwin Hayes to Hugh Lane regarding a painting for possible exhibition at the London's Guildhall exhibition and asking him not to exhibit his smaller works, 1904 April 25.
Copy of letter from Richard Hazleton to the Lord Mayor of Dublin [Lorcan George Sherlock] suggesting possible sources of funds to "keep the Lane collection in Dublin", 1912 December 3.
Letter from Richard Hazleton to Hugh Lane suggesting that they meet to discuss funds for the [Municipal] Gallery since "the Treasury shows no signs of giving in to our appeal for aid", 1913 March 12.
Letter from D. Henson to Hugh Lane regarding the payment terms for Lane's purchase of a Hogarth picture, 1914 March 9.
Letter from Mildred Hewitt to Hugh Lane asking him to look at the work of Bertha Patmore, 1909 August 20.
Letter from Lawrence W. Hodson to Hugh Lane declining to part with any of his pictures but wishing Lane success and offering advice on the formation of a collection, 1905 October 31.
Letter from Charles Holmes to Hugh Lane regarding how the 'Burlington Magazine' might satisfy "the need of the Burlington and the Art Gallery" in terms of publishing exclusive material, 1908 January 7.
Letter from Charles Holmes to Hugh Lane regarding photographs for reproduction in the 'Burlington Magazine', 1908 January 20.
Letter from Charles Holmes to Hugh Lane giving his views on the salary, tenure and duties of a professor of art in Dublin, 1909 February 12.
Letter from Charles Holroyd to Hugh Lane regarding the acceptance by the National Gallery, London, of work by living artists, and Lane's withdrawal of an offer of a work by Mancini, 1907 January 31.
Letter from Charles Holroyd to Hugh Lane thanking him for his offer to the National Gallery, London, of the gift of a picture, 1907 December 28.
Letter from Magdalen Hone to Hugh Lane regarding Mr. [Nathaniel] Hone's promise to give Lane one picture only, 1904 September 12.
Letter from Magdalen Hone to Hugh Lane informing him that Mr. [Nathaniel] Hone, and perhaps Mr. [William?] Orpen, will call, and regarding Lane's "want of pictures", 1907 December 16.
Letter from Magdalen Hone to Hugh Lane suggesting that he not rush Mr. [Nathaniel] Hone for 2 more pictures, and regarding a portrait by [William] Orpen, 1907 December 21.
Letter from Magdalen Hone to Hugh Lane regarding photographs Lane sent, and pictures she is "sure he [Mr. Nathaniel Hone] will give", 1908 January 25.
Letter from Magdalen Hone to Hugh Lane telling him that pictures are not yet ready and Mr. [Nathaniel] Hone will not be hurried, 1908 January 30.
Letter from Nathaniel Hone to Hugh Lane regarding a miniature he has sent to Lane and another picture to follow, 1904 April 25.
Letter from Nathaniel Hone to Hugh Lane regarding his works to be sent to the Royal Hibernian Academy, from which he may choose some for the proposed Municipal Gallery, 1904 July 27.
Completed schedule from Nathaniel Hone listing a picture that he is presenting [for the Municipal Gallery], 1904 November.
Letter from Nathaniel Hone to Hugh Lane regretting that Hone cannot sit for a portrait by William Orpen, and thanking Lane for "all the kind things you wrote about me", 1907 December 1.
Letter from Nathaniel Hone to Hugh Lane in which he writes that he hopes to go soon to "see the picture in Harcourt St[reet]", 1907 December 11.
Letter from Francis Howard to Hugh Lane about Lane's letter regarding Mancini, and hoping that Lane will be able to lend something "important and interesting" for the 'Fair Women' exhibition, [1907] December 11.
Letter from Francis Howard, on behalf of the National Loan Exhibition, to Hugh Lane, notifying him of a meeting on the 23rd of July and its agenda, 1909 July 17.
Letter from Francis Howard, on behalf of the National Loan Exhibition, to Hugh Lane asking him to encourage people to lend pictures and seeking other suggestions for loans, 1909 August 20.
Letter from Francis Howard, on behalf of the National Loan Exhibition, to Hugh Lane regarding pictures that may be loaned for exhibition, [1909 August].
Letter from Francis Howard, on behalf of the National Loan Exhibition, to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's works by Titian and Watteau for possible exhibition, 1909 September.
Letter from E. Howarth, of the Public Museum, Sheffield, to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of museums and art galleries, 1903 January 27.
Letter from C. Lewis Hind to Hugh Lane regarding Hind's upcoming visit to London and an article he has written "on the work you [Lane] have done", 1908 July 6.
Letter from Henry Hunt to Hugh Lane inviting him to a dinner of the 'Corinthian Club' "in recognition of your invaluable service to the city...by founding the Municipal Gallery", 1909 April 3.
Letter from Mary Hunter to Hugh Lane regarding her discussion with Auguste Rodin about the [Municipal] Gallery, and her belief that any request for help from Rodin must come from Mr. [George] Wyndham, undated.
Letter from Edmund Hutchinson, on behalf of the Lord Mayor, Joesph Hutchinson, to Hugh Lane informing him that the Oak Room [in the Mansion House] is available for a meeting and the Lord Mayor accepts the invitation to preside, 1904 December 15.
Letter from Joseph Hutchinson, Lord Mayor, to Hugh Lane asking Lane to call to the Mansion House the next morning, 1904 November 9.
Letter from Joseph Hutchinson, Lord Mayor, to Hugh Lane regarding a next meeting, the matter being "beset with some technical difficulties" but his confidence of "getting it through all right", 1905 January 11.
Letter from Joseph Hutchinson, Lord Mayor, to Hugh Lane regarding the storage of pictures, Corporation funds, and suggesting a site on Lord Edward Street for the Municipal Gallery, 1905 August 27.
Letter from Lucy Hyde to Hugh Lane declining to lend Sarah Purser's portrait of Douglas Hyde but suggesting 2 other portraits that Lane might be able to get, 1907 December 10.
Letter from Lucius, Baron Inchiquin to [Hugh Lane] regarding pictures he may lend for exhibition, 1902.
Letter from Edward Cecil Guinness, Earl of Iveagh to [Hugh Lane] declining to play a "prominent part" or to be associated with the proposed Municipal Gallery, 1904 November 8.
Letter from Edward Cecil Guinness, Earl of Iveagh to [Hugh Lane] confirming that he will honour his promise if Lane can offer some assurances regarding funding for the Municipal Gallery, 1907 November 28.
Letter from Edward Cecil Guinness, Earl of Iveagh to Lady Mayo declining to offer any advice in relation to "Sir Hugh Lane's pictures", 1912 September 14.
Letter from A.C.C. Jahn to [Hugh Lane] providing information on the financing of the Wolverhampton Art Gallery, 1903 January 22.
Letter from "Miss Jessop" to Hugh Lane inviting him to call to view pictures that might be suitable for exhibition, [1904?] March 12.
Letter from Augustus John to Hugh Lane informing him that he is sending a head for exhibition, 1904 November 5.
Letter from Sir William Goscombe John to [Hugh Lane] agreeing to contibute a work to the Municipal Gallery, 1904 August 13.
Letter from Sir William Goscombe John to [Hugh Lane] asking what type of work he should contribute [to the Municipal Gallery] and what other sculptors are contributing, [1904] October 23.
Letter from Sir William Goscombe John to [Hugh Lane] asking Lane to call to look at some of his works, [1904] October 26.
Letter from Sir William Goscombe John to Hugh Lane regarding possible items for exhibition, [1904] November 7.
Letter from John Joly to Hugh Lane agreeing to lend 3 pictures for exhibition, if protected by insurance, 1904 March 28.
Letter from Maurice Joy to Hugh Lane agreeing to write an article for 'The Athenaeum', and regarding "the future for art here", undated.
Letter from Maurice Joy to Hugh Lane regarding interviews with chancellors, articles and notes on an exhibition, undated.
Letter from Sir William Francis de Vismes Kane to Hugh Lane suggesting a picture that might be suitable for exhibition, [1903?] November 11.
Letter from Gerald Kelly to [Hugh Lane] suggesting a picture by him that might be suitable for exhibition if hung appropriately, May 5.
Note from Gerald Kelly to [Hugh Lane] listing pictures for exhibition and illustrating the hanging layout he desires, undated.
Letter from George Kirby to [Hugh Lane] providing information on the financing of the Corporation Art Gallery, York, 1903 January 23.
Letter from Florence Koehler to Hugh Lane inviting him to dinner, and with a view to planning his visit to her studio, December 4.
Letter from P.G. Konody, on behalf of the British committee of the Venice international exhibition of fine arts, to Hugh Lane asking him to attend a dance and bridge event and to encourage others to do so, 1909 April 24.
Letter from C. La Touche to [Hugh Lane] asking Lane to call to discuss the possible loan of some miniatures, 1904 January 30.
Letter from C. La Touche to Hugh Lane expressing willingness to lend miniatures for exhibition in London's Guildhall, 1904 May 1.
Letter from Henri Le Sidaner to [Hugh Lane] agreeing to give a work for the [Municipal Gallery] in Dublin, August 21.
Letter from Henri Le Sidaner to [Hugh Lane] apologising for a delay in providing a work and asking if he should send it directly to Dublin, undated.
Letter from Ambrose Lane to Hugh Lane thanking him for his letter from Rome and giving news from Dublin related to a possible site and funds for the [Municipal Gallery], 1907 March 25.
Draft of a letter from Hugh Lane to Lord Aberdeen suggesting that Beatrice Elvery be approached to assist since Lane cannot, 1909 March 23.
Letter from Hugh Lane to Sir Walter [Armstrong] asking if he will view a picture supposedly by the artist J.M.W. Turner and bought by Lane, 1909 April 5.
Draft of a letter from Hugh Lane to the editor of 'The Times' [George Earle Buckle?] suggesting that women artists be "amongst the candidates for academic honours", 1909 May 14.
Partial draft letter from Hugh Lane to "Col. Cooper" regarding damages "which will put the Gallery on its feet", 1905 Jan. 23.
Letter from Hugh Lane to Sir Algernon [Coote?] regarding picture sales, valuations and the condition of pictures and frames, 1903 May 14.
Letter from Hugh Lane to T.W.R. Davis agreeing to join the "first governing body of the new college in Dublin", 1908 May 8.
Draft letter from Hugh Lane to Sir Thomas Drew outlining Lane's response to Drew's suggestions regarding the establishment of the Municipal Gallery and hoping that Drew and members of the Royal Hibernian Academy will agree, 1904 September 7
Draft letter from Hugh Lane to Sir William Forwood offering himself to fill the role of curator of the [Walker?] Art Gallery, with list of references, 1903 October 5.
Letter from Hugh Lane to "Mr. Lewis" regarding a picture supposedly by the artist J.M.W. Turner and bought by Lane, 1909 April 6.
Letter from Hugh Lane to L.W. Livesey regarding Lane's difficulties in trying to purchase for Dublin pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection and the selection of 60 pictures for which he requests prices, 1904 December 30.
Draft of a letter from Hugh Lane to Dr. Mahaffy stating that he would accept the post of director of the National Gallery but could not live in Ireland, 1913 December 31.
Draft of a letter from Hugh Lane to Dr. Mahaffy regarding Treasury correspondence and a suggested lump sum for [Walter] Strickland with "rough draft" [not extant], undated.
Draft of a letter from Hugh Lane to an unidentified recipient regarding receipts for money spent on restoring portraits, 1909 February 25.
Letter from Hugh Lane to an unnamed recipient regarding the possible appointment of an art professor for the national university, 1909 January 14.
Letter from Hugh Lane to an unnamed recipient informing him of complaints made by people who had promised donations to the [M.A.F.?] but received no acknowledgments, 1905 December 9.
Letter from [Hugh Lane] to unidentified recipient setting out points they would put forward as a witness at the approaching Parliamentary Commission regarding the Royal Hibernian Academy, the Municipal Gallery and the Metropolitan Art School, undated.
Partial letter from Hugh Lane to an unknown recipient regarding pictures by [Corot?] and Constable, the latter "above suspicion", undated.
Partial letter from Hugh Lane to an unknown recipient regarding the selling of pictures and the importance of being prepared to accept a "good offer", undated.
Note from the editor of 'The Times' [George Earle Buckle] to Hugh Lane regretting that he is "unable to avail himself of the communication kindly offered to him", 1909 May 16.
Prose by Hugh Lane setting out why it is "imperative that immediate steps be taken to house the pictures presented to Dublin as a nucleus for a Modern Gallery", 1906 November 22.
Notes by Hugh Lane regarding pictures promised, funding for and supporters of the establishment of the Municipal Gallery, 1906 November 22.
Assorted notes by Hugh Lane regarding the Royal Hibernian Academy, the Municipal Gallery, public interest in art and collections and related matters, undated.
Letter from Harold E. Lansdown to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of the Victoria Art Gallery, Bristol, 1903 January 22.
Letter from John Lavery to Hugh Lane regarding the falling through of the St. Louis exhibition and agreeing that his pictures may be exhibited at London's Guildhall, 1904 March 23.
Letter from John Lavery to Hugh Lane stating that he will pay for an account, informing him of people who have work by [Frank?] O'Meara and suggesting that he not "include Whistler" [in an exhibition in London's Guildhall?], 1904 April 17.
Letter from John Lavery to Hugh Lane asking if he could send one of Lavery's pictures to a potential purchaser or tell him when the exhibition [in London's Guildhall] will close, 1904 May 12.
Letter from John Lavery to Hugh Lane recommending that the number of pictures exhibited [at London's Guildhall] be reduced, 1904 May 20.
Letter from John Lavery to Hugh Lane asking him to order glass for a portrait and to return a number of Lavery's pictures, 1904 May 23.
Letter from John Lavery to Hugh Lane acknowledging receipt of payment for a portrait and increasing his contribution to "Dublin's Luxembourg" [Municipal Gallery?], 1913 February 21.
Card from John Lavery to Hugh Lane thanking him for his "kindness and trouble about the portrait", and regarding a work by Augustus Nevin Du Mont, undated.
Letter from E. Lecky to Hugh Lane regarding a picture intended for the Municipal Gallery that did not appeal to Lane, 13th February 1908.
Letter from R. J. Leigh to Hugh Lane expressing a wish to be included in an exhibition at London's Guildhall and asking for details, 1904 April 23.
Letter from May, Countess of Limerick, to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's talk with Mr. [Meyer], July 29.
Letter from May, Countess of Limerick, to Hugh Lane enclosing a letter [not extant] from Mr. [Meyer], September 16.
Letter from May, Countess of Limerick, to Hugh Lane informing him that she can do nothing further and that some of "your committee" should do something, October 5.
Letter from May, Countess of Limerick, to Hugh Lane asking him to meet her and to send her circulars, October 24.
Letter from Moffat Lindner to Hugh Lane agreeing to contribute a work to the Municipal Gallery, 1904 August 7.
Letter from Moffat Lindner to Hugh Lane confiming which work he will contribute to the Municipal Gallery, 1904 October 25.
Letter from Sir Thomas Lipton to Hugh Lane regarding a portrait of Lipton for use in relation to the St. Louis exhibition, 1904 March 11.
Letter from Sir Thomas Lipton to Hugh Lane suggesting that Lane approach a number of gentlemen without letters of introduction as his "cause is so good", 1904 November 4.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane confirming that Lane may view the J. Staat Forbes pictures and that someone will be available to show him around, 1904 November 4.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane in which he tells Lane that he would like to make a suggestion in relation to the J. Staat Forbes collection of pictures that might assist Lane, 1904 October 11.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding arrangements to meet and a dealer who "presumed to put a value on the collection", 1904 October 12.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane confirming that Lane may view selected pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection, 1904 October 17.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that he will have to obtain the agreement of other executors before he can respond to Lane and refers to the insurance for pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection, 1904 October 27.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding works selected from the J. Staat Forbes collection by Lane for exhibition, and insurance for same, 1904 November 3.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that pictures may be collected as soon as an insurance policy has been received, 1904 November 4.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane confirming that pictures are being collected that afternoon, following receipt of an insurance policy, with copy of letter accompanying the policy, 1904 November 7.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane suggesting that a picture by Millet not be included in the collective price for the rest of the pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection which are lent to Lane for exhibition, 1904 November 14.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane apologising for the delay in attending to business with Lane, 1904 November 18.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating a collective price of £33,000 for pictures lent to Lane for exhibition, excluding a work by Millet, 1904 November 24.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's difficulty in raising funds in Dublin to purchase pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection, and the likelihood that the pictures, if sold separately and via dealers, would sell for more than the prices mentioned to Lane, 1904 December 12.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane asking him to specify which pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection he would like the option of purchasing and regarding the return of the remaining pictures, 1904 December 28.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that the offer by Lane of a low purchase price for pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection would be rejected, and asking for a definite proposal, 1905 January 4.
Telegram from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that the exectors of J. Staat Forbes cannot consent to pictures being removed from the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1905 January 7.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding the insurance arrangements to be put in place before the transfer of pictures from the Royal Hibernian Academy to the National Gallery of Ireland, and the return of the remaining pictures, 1905 January 7.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding insurance for 80 pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection and prices for pictures, 1905 January 9.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding the removal of pictures to the National Gallery of Ireland until March, the return of the remaining pictures and the demand for some works in the collection of the late J. Staat Forbes, 1905 January 9.
Postscript to a letter [not extant] from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that pictures must not be removed to another location without permission, 1905 January 26.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane confirming that he will call a meeting of the executors of J. Staat Forbes if Lane makes a definitive offer for the purchase of pictures from that collection, 1905 January 30.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that there will be no reduction in the purchase price of pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection, requesting the return of the pictures in March, and regarding unauthorised reproductions, 1905 February 27.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that J. Staat Forbes' executors will accept £5,250 for 14 works by Corot and 9 by Constable, if paid by the end of the month, 1905 March 1.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding which works by Corot were covered by an offer to purchase by Lane, and requesting the return of a work by Maris, 1905 March 6.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding unauthorised reproductions and seeking the return by the end of the month of pictures on loan to Dublin, 1905 March 8.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding the return of a picture, its authenticity and value, and suggesting that Lane contact a photographer about an unauthorised reproduction, 1905 March 9.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that both of Lane's proposals are unacceptable and requesting the prompt return of pictures on loan to Dublin from the J. Staat Forbes collection, 1905 March 10.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding the Constable, unauthorised reproductions and requesting the prompt return of pictures on loan from the J. Staat Forbes collection, 1905 March 15.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding the purchase of works by Constable and the return of pictures on loan to Dublin from the J. Staat Forbes collection, 1905 March 18.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane requesting a speedy response regarding the return of pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection, especially a work by Maris, 1905 March 20.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that a number of pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection could be purchased for £4,500, and that the executors have written to the 'Illustrated London News', 1905 March 25.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane informing him that 30 pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection could not be purchased for less than £4,500, and suggesting that all the pictures be returned soon, 1905 March 28.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that it is "quite impossible for us to go beyond" what was in his last letter, 1905 March 30.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane stating that the J. Staat Forbes executors will not accept a payment deferral of 12 months, 1905 March 31.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane requesting the prompt return of pictures from the J. Staat Forbes collection required for an exhibition and payment of £5,250, 1905 April 5.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding damage to pictures and an insurance claim, and the requested return of pictures unless payments are made, 1905 April 7.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding payment by the end of the month of £4,178 for pictures or their return, and agreement to allow a "principal supporter" to purchase 2 works, 1905 May 2.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding a newspaper story about a "fraud" and enclosing a letter by "Mr. Wallis" [not extant], 1905 May 11.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane enclosing a letter from Humphrey Ward regarding the authenticity of "the little Corot", 1905 May 16.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane offering to let Lane return a picture by Corot to the J. Staat Forbes executors, 1905 May 20.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane with an extract from a letter by Dr. Béla Lázár regarding works by Corot and Mészöly, 1905 June 13.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane regarding the non-receipt of a final cheque for pictures purchased, and the sale of a work by Constable previously returned by Lane, 1905 July 1.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane thanking him for a note and asking when a cheque for £3,500 can be expected, 1905 July 8.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane suggesting he brings a piece by Corot for comparison with a work by Mészöly, and regarding Livesey's letter to the 'Pall Mall Gazette' in response to an article, 1905 July 10.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane informing him of the publication of Livesey's enclosed letter [not extant] to the 'Pall Mall Gazette' , 1905 July 11.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane informing him that Dr. Béla Lázár is in London and asking that Lane arrange to have a work by Corot sent there from Dublin, 1905 July 18.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane asking Lane to meet a man from Budapest, who will have works by Mészöly with him , 1905 July 21.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane acknowledging receipt of a cheque for £2,485 and agreeing to the return of pictures, listed, 1905 July 22.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane asking that adequate insurance be taken out before pictures are returned, 1905 July 25.
Letter from L.W. Livesey to Hugh Lane agreeing that a friend of Lane's may purchase a work by Cazin, and requesting the return of a work by Constable, 1905 August 4.
Letter from Mary Lloyd to Hugh Lane inviting him to visit to give his "most valuable advice" on pictures, 1908 October 31.
Letter from [Maud Lloyd] to Hugh Lane expressing regret at having to cancel a planned tea party but promising £2 towards the Municipal Gallery and from "Mrs. O'Keeffe" also, undated.
Letter from E.E. Lowe to Hugh Lane providing information on the financing of the Plymouth Museum and Art Gallery, 1903 January 22.
Letter from L.C. Ludlow to Hugh Lane promising work by [Hercules Brabazon] Brabazon to the Municipal Gallery, [1904].
Letter from L.C. Ludlow to Hugh Lane asking if Lane knows of anyone who might be interested in purchasing some works by [Hercules Brabazon] Brabazon and others, undated.
Copy of a letter from Sir Edwin Lutyens to [Sarah Cecilia] Harrison giving his opinion on possible sites for the Municipal Gallery, including several over the River Liffey and the Mansion House, 1913 May 3.
Letter from Neville S. Lytton to [Hugh Lane] agreeing to contribute a picture to the Municipal Gallery, 1904 November 10.
Letter from W.T. Macartney Filgate to Hugh Lane thanking him for a catalogue hoping to visit an exhibition, 1904 Nov. 27.
Letter from W.T. Macartney Filgate to Hugh Lane regarding the purchase of paintings and the St. Louis Exposition, Oct. 2.
Letter from Arthur Macartney Filgate to Hugh Lane asking for his opinion on some pictures, 1908 Sept. 19.
Letter from D.S. MacColl to W.B. Yeats regarding a newspaper article and asking if Yeats thinks that he can be of assistance to Hugh Lane, 1905 Jan. 21.
Letter from D.S. MacColl to Hugh Lane regarding an amended scheme and asking if he should visit Ireland, 1905 Jan. 26.
Letter from D.S. MacColl to Hugh Lane regarding issues with the proposed new modern art gallery in Dublin, 1905 June 9.
Letter from D.S. MacColl to Hugh Lane regarding the purchase of a work by Frank Huddlestone Potter, 1907 Dec. 31.
Letter from Lady Henrietta MacDonnell to Hugh Lane agreeing to hold an entertainment at her home to support the proposed modern art gallery, Nov. 24.
Letter from Lady Henrietta MacDonnell to Hugh Lane thanking him for sending a picture and wishing him every success with his modern art gallery, undated.
Letter from Lady Henrietta MacDonnell to Hugh Lane regarding a meeting and her failure to secure a picture from a bishop, undated.
Letter from Lady Henrietta MacDonnell to Hugh Lane regarding support that she is mustering for his modern art gallery, undated.
Letter from Helen Macnaghten to Hugh Lane informing him that she cannot help him as she is not an artist and has no collection of art and hoping that he will do something for Belfast as well as Dublin, 1904 Nov. 8.
Letter from Annie Maguire to Hugh Lane informing him that she has sent a picture to him and asking him not to use her notes on it as she is hoping to publish them, 1904 May 15.
Letter from J.P. Mahaffy to Hugh Lane regarding the Directorship of the National Gallery and Lane's offer to donate his salary to the purchase of pictures, 1914 Jan. 5.
Letter from William Stephen Marchant to Lady Colin Campbell regarding donations of pictures to the proposed modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Sept. 3.
Letter from William Stephen Marchant to Hugh Lane regarding the purchase of a picture by Symons, 1912 Mar. 2.
Letter from Blanche Marchesi to Hugh Lane congratulating him on an achievement and hoping to go to Dublin soon to see it, undated.
Letter from Blanche Marchesi to Hugh Lane regretting that she cannot donate her portrait by Antonio Mancini to Lane as she cannot afford to have another painted, undated.
Letter from Alec Martin to Ruth Shine apologising for cancelling an appointment and asking to meet her regarding a response that he received from "Douglas", 1917 Mar. 10.
Letter from Alec Martin to Ruth Shine regarding her brother Hugh Lane and hoping that his wishes will be followed, 1916 Sep. 12.
Letter from Robert N. Matheson to Hugh Lane giving a legal opinion on what must be done to arrange for the municipal art gallery in Dublin, 1912 Nov. 2.
Letter from Blanche Mathewes to Hugh Lane regretting that the St. Louis exhibition was cancelled and regarding the loan of several pictures, Mar. 20.
Letter from Blanche Mathewes to Hugh Lane offering him a second landscape to balance the one that he already has for exhibition, Apr. 23.
Letter from Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 9th Earl of Shaftesbury, to Dermot Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo, declining to contribute to the purchase of the Staat Forbes art collection for Dublin for £30,000 as he feels it is not worth the money, 1904 Jan. 5.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane agreeing to attach his name to a circular to form a committee for the formation of a modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 June 1.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane agreeing to join a committee for the formation of a modern art gallery in Dublin but declaring that he feels it will never happen, 1904 June 9.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane giving reasons for his refusal to receive the Lord Mayor at an exhibition opening, 1904 Nov. 13.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane giving instructions on how Lane should be received by the Lord Mayor at an exhibition opening, 1904 Nov. 15.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane declining an engagement due to ill health, 1904 Dec. 5.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane inviting him to the Arts and Crafts Society's annual dinner, 1904 Dec. 9.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the exhibition of pictures and telling him to contact Horace Plunkett, 1905 Jan. 13.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the exhibition of pictures, 1905 Jan. 18.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the exhibition of pictures and hopes that the Prince of Wales will view them, 1905 Jan. 27.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the Prince of Wales who has "annexed" his Corot, 1905 Feb. 16.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane asking for his name to be displayed on a picture that he has donated, 1905 May 21.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane agreeing to a picture of Venus being donated in his name and hoping for success for the new gallery, 1905 May 26.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane saying that he has not yet spoken to the Earl of Iveagh about the proposed modern art gallery, 1905 July 11.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding an upcoming committee meeting relating to the proposed modern art gallery, 1906 Jan. 30.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the need for formal agreements with artists who have donated works to the modern art gallery, 1906 Feb. 5.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the modern art gallery and his inability to leave London, 1906 Dec. 18.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane regarding the modern art gallery, 1907 Dec. 29.
Letter from Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo to Hugh Lane advising him to write to individuals to ask them to keep their promises, 1907 Dec. 31.
Letter from Geraldine, Countess of Mayo, to Hugh Lane praising his gallery and offering her support to find better housing for it, 1912 Aug. 28.
Letter from Geraldine, Countess of Mayo, to Hugh Lane expressing disappointment at a letter received from Lord Iveagh, 1912 Sept. 17.
Letter from Geraldine, Countess of Mayo, to Hugh Lane cancelling a meeting due to the death of her aunt, Lady Kerry, November 21.
Letter from C.J. MacCarthy to Hugh Lane thanking him for an offer of hospitality and approving a site for a gallery, 1913 Feb. 18.
Letter from Katherine McCausland to Hugh Lane offering some of her pictures for an exhibition of Irish art, 1904 Apr. 25.
Letter from A. Ambrose McEvoy to Hugh Lane regarding a picture that he had promised for an exhibition of Irish art, 1904 Sept. 16.
Letter from William Bingham McGuinness to Hugh Lane regarding a picture that he had promised for an exhibition of Irish art, 1903 Nov. 3.
Letter from William Bingham McGuinness to Hugh Lane arranging a meeting and describing his latest works, 1904 Oct. 16.
Letter from William Bingham McGuinness to Hugh Lane regarding his time in Kerry and his hopes of sending a picture to Lane soon, 1904 Aug. 8.
Letter from R. Tait McKenzie to Hugh Lane offering a copy of one of his sculptures to Lane's new gallery as his wife is Irish, 1912 Sept. 2.
Letter from J.J. Meagher to Ruth Shine thanking her for her help in purchasing pictures at probate prices, 1917 May 11.
Letter from J.J. Meagher to Ruth Shine regarding an exhibition opening and his reasons for not attending, 1918 July 20.
Letter from [N. Lefaure Meaule?] expressing disappointment at not being able to attend an exhibition opening due to family deaths, 1908 Jan. 3.
Letter from Everard Meynell to Hugh Lane describing two Romney portraits that Lane might be interested in purchasing, undated.
Letter from P.K. Miller to Hugh Lane regarding artists who should be represented in an Irish exhibition, Apr. 26.
Statement of steps that should be taken by the Committee of the Modern Art Gallery, prepared by Robert N. Matheson and marked "for Miss Harrison", 1912 Nov. 1.
Copy statement of steps that should be taken by the Committee of the Modern Art Gallery, prepared by Robert N. Matheson, 1912 Nov. 1.
Letter from F. Molony to Hugh Lane regarding the return of their picture which had been intended for the St. Louis exhibition, [1904] Mar. 22.
Letter from F. Molony to Hugh Lane regarding photographs of his pictures for reproduction, 1904 May 9.
Invitation from Mrs Alfred Mond [Violet Mond] to Hugh Lane to a "soiree Watteau" in her garden, 1909 July 1.
Letter from Elinor Monsell [Elinor Darwin] to Hugh Lane asking whether he would like three of her drawings for an exhibition of Irish art at the Guild Hall, undated.
Letter from Elinor Monsell [Elinor Darwin] to Hugh Lane agreeing to substitute a drawing that is to be exhibited with another, undated.
Letter from Thomas Spring-Rice, Lord Monteagle of Brandon, to Hugh Lane agreeing to have his family portraits exhibited at an Irish art exhibition if they are suitable, 1904 Mar. 22.
Letter from Thomas Spring-Rice, Lord Monteagle of Brandon, to Hugh Lane regarding the Irish art exhibition that Lane is organising, 1904 Mar. 29.
Letter from Thomas Spring-Rice, Lord Monteagle of Brandon, to Hugh Lane informing him that he is not in a position to be active on a committee for the proposed modern art gallery in Dublin and can only afford a small contribution towards it, 1905 Jan. 4.
Card from John M. Moody to Hugh Lane providing an introduction for an Austrian gentleman and inviting him to call to see him, 1909 July 27.
Letter from M.G. Moore-Irvine to Hugh Lane asking for his assistance in authenticating a painting, 1909 July 21.
Letter from Vida C. Moylan to Hugh Lane on behalf of the Irish Circle asking him to reply to a toast to 'art' at an Irish dinner, 1909 June 28.
Letter from Richard T. Moynan [Lex] to Hugh Lane describing three pictures that he is willing to lend to Lane for exhibition, 1902 Oct. 31.
Postcard from Henry Muhrman to Hugh Lane agreeing to give three pastels to the new modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Nov. 2.
Letter from John Mulhall to Hugh Lane agreeing to help source pictures in Ireland for exhibition and asking advice on mending china, 1902 Nov. 13.
Letter from Walter A. Mulligan to Hugh Lane asking him to consider loaning his collection to the Crawford Gallery in Cork, 1913 Oct. 7.
Letter from F.C. Mulock to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's reluctance to accept a picture for exhibition, 1904 May 4.
List of works lent by Messrs Durand-Ruel and Sons to the Municipal Art Gallery, Belfast, for an exhibition of modern art, 1906 Apr.-May.
Letter from J.P. Nannetti to Hugh Lane regarding difficulties in securing the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1907 Sept. 2.
Letter from J.P. Nannetti to Hugh Lane giving his full support in the face of difficulties in securing the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1908 Aug. 11.
Invitation from the National Gallery to an exhibition of pictures bequeathed by the late Hugh Lane, 1918 July 6.
Letter from Christopher G. Mease to Hugh Lane regarding a newspaper article that he has written, 1904 Dec. 23.
Letter from Sir John Nutting to Hugh Lane explaining why he cannot provide further financial assistance to the new modern art gallery, 1904 Dec. 31.
Letter from Thomas William Oakshot to "Miss Hamilton" regarding her request that he donate to the new modern art gallery, 1905 Apr. 18.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding pictures by E.I. Sullivan and declining to paint a portrait, 1904 Mar. 7.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding his recent work and business between his aunt and Hugh Lane, 1905 Sept. 24.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding attempts to source pictures for an exhibition in Limerick from country houses in Munster, 1906 Mar. 5.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane listing the prices paid for various paintings, 1907 Jan. 25.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding the cost of various pictures and other expenses, 1908 July 22.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane setting out his terms for taking on a commission to reproduce pictures lost in the Mansion House fire, 1909 Dec. 14.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding his commission to reproduce pictures lost in the Mansion House fire, 1909 Dec. 15.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding delays to his commission to reproduce pictures of the Lord Mayors of Dublin, 1910 May 13.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding progress in his commission to reproduce pictures of the Lord Mayors of Dublin, 1910 July 1.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane regarding payment for his commission to reproduce pictures of the Lord Mayors of Dublin, 1910 Sept. 6.
Receipt from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane for payment for his commission to reproduce pictures of the Lord Mayors of Dublin, 1910 Sept. 8.
Receipt from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane for payment for his commission to reproduce pictures of the Lord Mayors of Dublin, 1911 Mar. 4.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Hugh Lane giving alternative options for building a new art gallery in Dublin, 1913 Mar. 7.
Letter from Mabel O'Brien to Hugh Lane describing efforts to raise subscriptions from Dublin firms for the modern art gallery, 1905 Jan. 6.
Letter from Murrough O'Brien to Hugh Lane informing him that the Duchess of Marlborough will be visiting his gallery with her hostess and asking him to meet her there, undated.
Letter from Roderic O'Conor to Hugh Lane agreeing to give his picture 'The Breton Peasant Girl' to the modern art gallery, undated.
Letter from Ambrose More O'Ferrall to Hugh Lane regarding catering arrangements and inviting him to view some pictures, 1904 Dec. 4.
Letter from Elsie O'Keeffe to Hugh Lane recommending that he appeal to Andrew Carnegie for funding to buy pictures, 1899 Nov 29.
Letter from Elsie O'Keeffe to Hugh Lane hoping to arrange a tea party to raise funds for the proposed modern art gallery, Dec. 5.
Letter from Edward, Baron O'Neill, to Hugh Lane apologising for not attending an exhibition opening, 1904 Mar. 26.
Letter from Geoffrey Browne, 3rd Baron Oranmore and Browne, to Hugh Lane refusing to lend him some family portraits, 1902 Nov. 10.
Letter from R. Caulfeild Orpen to Hugh Lane regarding his inability to attend a committee meeting of the gallery of modern art, 1912 Nov. 28.
Letter from R. Caulfeild Orpen to Hugh Lane regarding members of the committee of the gallery of modern art, 1913 Oct. 22.
Letter from William Orpen to Hugh Lane thanking him for his good wishes towards a school, 1903 Dec. 19.
Letter from William Orpen to Hugh Lane offering him a portrait of Birrell for exhibition in Dublin, undated.
Letter from [G.P. O'Shee?] to Hugh Lane regarding efforts to raise money to purchase the Staat Forbes collection, 1904 Dec. 23.
Letter from John H. Parnell to Hugh Lane giving the history of a portrait of his grandfather, Commodore Charles Stewart, undated.
Letter from C. Abbott Pasquier to Hugh Lane asking for details on the Dublin Municipal Art Gallery, 1912 July 14.
Letter from James Doyle Penrose to Hugh Lane regarding paintings being sent to Lane for exhibition at the Guild Hall, 1904 Apr. 11.
Letter from James Doyle Penrose to Hugh Lane suggesting paintings for exhibition at the Guild Hall, 1904 May 7.
Letter from Margaret M. Perrie to Hugh Lane regretting that, due to claims on her family in Northern Ireland, she can not assist in fundraising for the modern art gallery in Dublin, Mar. 13.
Letter from "Plunket" to Hugh Lane regarding a meeting with Horace Plunkett who informed him of the cancellation of the St. Louis Exhibition, 1904 Mar. 12.
Letter from Horace Plunket to Hugh Lane thanking him for a note and congratulating him on his persistance being rewarded, 1904 Apr. 16.
Copy letter from Horace Plunket to Edwin Lutyens praising his designs for Hugh Lane's riverside gallery and expressing anger at their enemies, 1913 Aug. 18.
Letter from Horace Plunket to Hugh Lane asking for another chance to solve the issue of whether Dublin will get his art collection, 1913 Sept. 14.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane giving permission to exhibit pictures owned by him at the Guild Hall, 1904 Apr. 24.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane regarding methods of financing the proposed modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Oct. 22.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane regarding a letter written to Lord Staleridge and a committee meeting that he cannot attend, 1904 Nov. 11.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Dermot Wyndham-Bourke, Earl of Mayo, apologising that he cannot attend a presentation to Hugh Lane for his services to art, 1907 Jan. 10.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane regarding the actions of Dublin Corporation in relation to the housing of the modern art gallery, 1907 July 26.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane regarding success in relation to the modern art gallery and plans to travel to Algiers, 1908 Jan. 15.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane congratulating him on his knighthood and giving details of furniture, 1909 June 25.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's desired membership of the Automobile Club and further issues regarding the modern art gallery, 1909 Aug. 17.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Hugh Lane sending him support for Lane in relation the continued opposition of Dublin Corporation to Lane's plans for the modern art gallery, 1913 July 23.
Letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Ruth Shine enclosing a letter to Lady Gregory, asking her opinion on Hugh Lane's intentions for his pictures and expressing disappointment that he was not able to attend the sale of Lane's possessions, 1917 July 17.
Copy letter from W. Hutcheson Poe to Lady Augusta Gregory asking her opinion on Hugh Lane's intentions for his pictures as conflict has arisen at the National Gallery over the wording of his will, 1917 July 17.
Letter from Kathleen Ponsonby to Hugh Lane thanking him for an invitation to view his latest exhibition in Dublin, Nov. 25.
Letter from Bertram Priestman to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request that he donate a work to the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1907 Dec. 4.
Letter from Lord Mayor of Belfast, Robert James McMordie, to Hugh Lane regarding a course adopted by the Library and Tech[nology] Instruction Committee at a meeting the previous day and informing him that he propses to arrange to a special meeting in order to reverse this decision made by the committee, 1913 Sep. [19?].
Postcard from Sarah Purser to Hugh Lane advising him to ask for a work by Gerald Festus Kelly for his upcoming exhibition, 1904 May 2.
Letter from Sarah Purser to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request for some of her work to include in an exhibition, undated.
Letter from Sarah Purser to Hugh Lane regarding the organisation of an exhibition and recommending that he contact "Brabazon" as his work is very good, undated.
Copy letter from Sarah Purser to unidentified recipient regarding the quality of air at the proposed river side site for the modern art gallery, undated.
Letter from Edward Reeves to Hugh Lane describing his new ship, HMS Liverpool, and mentioning the new submarines, 1914 July 30.
Letter from Edward Reeves to Hugh Lane describing his time on HMS Liverpool during the First World War and asking after Lane's business and health, 1914 Nov. 9.
Letter from Edward Reeves to Hugh Lane thanking him for a package of books and describing his time on HMS Liverpool during the First World War, 1914 Dec. 4.
Letter from S.S. and E. Reeves and Sons to Hugh Lane asking him to view family portraits at Ravensdale Park to ascertain if they are by Sir Joshua Reynolds, 1903 Apr. 20.
Letter from S.S. and E. Reeves and Sons to Hugh Lane regarding family portraits at Ravensdale Park which need to be authenticated in order to end an ownership dispute, 1903 Apr. 20.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane asking to come to see his paintings and thanking him for a visit, 1907 June 1.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane sympathising with him on a loss and a run of bad luck, 1909 Feb. 15.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane informing him that Francis Howard has discovered a painting by Watts and that he enjoyed a fancy dress ball, 1909 Feb. 19.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane asking for his opinion on a proof of a book by Duret, 1909 June 12.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane regarding the inclusion of a Duret picture belonging to Lane in a book, 1909 June 16.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane apologising that he cannot attend Lady Gregory's play due to prior commitments, 1909 June 25.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane regarding a book on paintings in American galleries which is to be sold from £3000 each, 1910 June 1.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane regarding a delay with Miss Grigsby removing pictures by Zorn from storage, 1912 Sept. 6.
Postcard from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane informing him of his imminent return from holiday, 1913 June 14.
Letter from Grant Richards to Ruth Shine asking if Mr. Meninsky can view a Goya painting that is in her possession, 1917 June 9.
Letter from Grant Richards to Hugh Lane asking if he can bring the poet John Davidson with him to meet Lane, undated.
Letter from Charles Ricketts to Hugh Lane regarding the prices of paintings by Camille Pissarro being sold by Lucien Pissarro, undated.
Letter from Constance Gladys, Marchioness of Ripon, to Hugh Lane inviting him to the Russian Ballet and to lunch at the Ritz beforehand, 1911 July 20.
Letter from R.H. Reade to Hugh Lane regarding their previous meeting, the attitude of Dublin Corporation to the modern art gallery and appealing for Lane to send his pictures to Belfast instead, 1912 Jan. 1.
Letter from Briton Riviere to Hugh Lane regarding a sketch that he is proposing to donate to the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Oct. 30.
Letter from Tom Robertson to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request that he loan a Frank O'Meara painting for an exhibition, 1904 Apr. 27.
Letter from Tom Robertson to Hugh Lane regarding arrangements for the transport and insurance of a Frank O'Meara painting for an exhibition, 1904 Apr. 29.
Letter from Tom Robertson to Hugh Lane asking him to come to view his new work 'The Peaks of Arran', 1904 Oct. 24.
Letter from Sir J.C. Robinson to Hugh Lane apologising that he has no modern works suitable for Lane's purpose, 1904 Nov. 1.
Letter from Alexander Roche to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request that he loan some pictures for an exhibition, 1904 Feb. 10.
Letter from Alexander Roche to Hugh Lane regarding details of the pictures being sent to Lane for an exhibition, 1904 Feb. 22.
Letter from Alexander Roche to Hugh Lane regarding photographs of the pictures being sent to Lane for an exhibition, 1904 Feb. 24.
Letter from Alexander Roche to Hugh Lane regarding a change to their agreement for the loan of pictures as the venue has now changed to the Guild Hall and asking how they will be hung, 1904 Apr. 16.
Letter from Alexander Roche to Hugh Lane apologising that he cannot do anything about a picture for the new Irish gallery until he returns from America, 1904 Nov. 5.
Letter from Alexander Roche to Hugh Lane donating the picture 'The Building of the Ship' for the new Irish gallery, 1905 July 8.
Letter from Blanche Rochford to Hugh Lane apologising for giving him the wrong address when he tried to visit her regarding some pictures, Nov. 24.
Letter from F. De P. Romani to Hugh Lane regarding some pictures which are being printed in the some newspapers with a draft letter from Lane to "Tobin" on the verso, 1908 Sept. 29.
Letter from Robert Ross to Mrs. Joseph Penell introducing Hugh Lane and his project to found a modern art gallery in Dublin, 1903 June 12.
Letter from Robert Ross to Hugh Lane congratulating him on a success and regarding the purchase of pictures, 1904 Dec. 3.
Letter from William Rothenstein to Hugh Lane regarding portraits of Shaw and Yeats that he is donating to the new modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Nov. 5.
Invitation from Nellie and Donough O'Brien to Hugh Lane to attend a tea at the Royal Hibernian Academy of Arts, 1904 Nov. 5.
Receipt for a painting from the Winter Exhibition of Old Masters at the Royal Hibernian Academy of Arts, 1902-1903.
Leaflet announcing the Winter Exhibition of Early English and French Pictures at the Royal Hibernian Academy of Arts with notes by Hugh Lane on pictures and their owners, 1902-1903.
Schedule of particulars of pictures loaned by the Earl of Belmore to the Winter Exhibition of Early English and French Pictures at the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 Feb. 2.
Partial letter from unidentified author at the Royal Hibernian Academy to Hugh Lane regarding a dispute over the use of rooms which had been hired out to a Guild but which Lane wants to use for his exhibition, 1904 Oct. 9.
Ticket to view an exhibition of pictures to be presented to the new gallery of modern art at the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 Nov. 19.
Ticket to the opening of an exhibition of pictures to be presented to the new gallery of modern art at the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 Nov. 21.
Invitation from the Arts and Crafts Society of Ireland at the Royal Hibernian Academy to Hugh Lane to a "Conversazione", 1909 Dec. 15.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien, on behalf of the Royal Hibernian Academy, to Hugh Lane regarding proposals for the building and financing of the new modern art gallery, 1912 Dec. 3.
Letter from George Russell [AE] to Hugh Lane regarding his current work and asking Lane to choose one of his pictures to be donated to the new modern art gallery, undated.
Letter from George Russell [AE] to Hugh Lane declining to support R. Caulfeild Orpen's candidature as master of the School of Art as he has promised his support to Dermod O'Brien and asking for details on whether Sargent's portrait of Lane is to presented to Lane as a gift, undated.
Letter from George Russell [AE] to Hugh Lane regarding his donation of some sketches to the new modern art gallery, undated.
Letter from [G. Richbird?] to Hugh Lane regarding arrangements for lending pictures for an exhibition and for the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1902 Dec. 14.
Letter from Lady Sarah Pirbright to Hugh Lane informing him that she will not be donating pictures to the Municipal Art Gallery as she has ascertained that there is on proper housing for them, 1907 Nov. 27.
Letter from William Plunket, 5th Baron Plunket, to Hugh Lane requesting the return of his pictures as he wants to bring them to New Zealand, 1904 Apr. 3.
Letter from William Plunket, 5th Baron Plunket, to Hugh Lane regarding the return of his pictures and asking Lane's advice on cleaning them 1904 Apr. 5.
Letter from George Salmon to Hugh Lane informing him that a picture will be ready on Monday and that Lane forgot to send a form with his letter, Dec. 5.
Letter from Arthur W. Samuels to Sarah Cecilia Harrison informing her that he cannot attend a committee meeting and that he is disappointed in Dublin over issues relating to the modern art gallery, 1912 Dec. 24.
Letter from John Singer Sargent to Hugh Lane informing him that his portrait is ready, 1906 Apr. 25.
Letter from John Singer Sargent to Hugh Lane informing him that he is sending something to him, undated.
Letter from John Singer Sargent to Hugh Lane acknowledging receipt of his fee for his portrait of Hugh Lane, July 13.
Letter from John Singer Sargent to Hugh Lane regarding his commission to paint something for the modern art gallery in Dublin, Nov. 7.
Letter from Antonio Sciortino to Hugh Lane regarding a portrait of the Marchese del Grillo by Mancini which he has sent to Dublin, 1907 Dec. 16.
Letter from Lawrence Scobie to Hugh Lane asking him to reconsider his refusal to loan Manet's 'Concert in the Tuilleries Gardens" to the Royal Glasgow Institute of Fine Arts, 1913 May 15.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane asking for the return of pictures so that he can retouch them before exhibition, 1904 Apr. 2.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane regarding the arrangement of his pictures at an exhibition with a sketch of his suggestions, 1904 Apr. 26.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane regarding the arrangement of his pictures at the Guild Hall, 1904 May 5.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane asking him to change the label on a picture to protect the identity of the owner and enclosing a newspaper cutting reviewing his work , 1904 May 9.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane regarding a planned exhibition at the Guild Hall for which pictures will be gathered, undated.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane regarding pictures for an exhibition at the Guild Hall and debating whether artists are Irish, undated.
Letter from C.H. Shannon to Hugh Lane suggesting that he add some furniture and silver to an exhibition at the Guild Hall, undated.
Letter from J.J. Shannon to Hugh Lane asking him to write to the owner of a picture to explain particulars for a potential loan, 1904 Aug. 16.
Letter from J.J. Shannon to Hugh Lane regarding his choice between pictures to be loaned for an exhibition, undated.
Letter from F. Shaw to Hugh Lane inviting him to stay to see a picture and expressing sympathy on the death of Lane's mother, 1909 Mar. 9.
Letter from Shepherd Brothers to Hugh Lane regarding an early painting by Corot that they are attempting to authenticate, 1905 June 5.
Letter from Lorcan G. Sherlock to Hugh Lane regarding his regret that Dublin Corporation have again rejected plans for the modern art gallery, 1913 Sept. 22.
Letter from Walter Sichel to Hugh Lane thanking him for rearranging his dining room and hoping he sells a picture soon, 1908 Dec. 10.
Letter from Walter Sickert to Hugh Lane regarding a cheque and a woman who is talented and "rather a darling", undated.
Letter from Walter Sickert to Hugh Lane regarding the Rothenstein subscription and asking that his gift of his portrait by Whistler be labelled in a certain way, undated.
Letter from Walter Sickert to Hugh Lane regarding authentication of his portrait by Whistler, undated.
Letter from Walter Sickert to Hugh Lane asking him to let an artist know where to send their picture, undated.
Letter from Constance Sitwell to Hugh Lane asking if he has any information on a portrait by Sir Joshua Reynolds of her ancestor Thomas Percy, Bishop of Dromore which cannot be traced, Feb. 19.
Letter from Horace Skipton to Hugh Lane regarding pictures that Lane is borrowing for an exhibition and telling him where to find more, 1903 Jan. 4.
Letter from Stephen Catterson Smith to Hugh Lane sending two catalogues and asking that Lane return them when finished, 1904 Nov. 10.
Letter from Stephen Catterson Smith to Hugh Lane acknowledging receipt of a memorandum of agreement between Lane and the Royal Hibernian Academy for the hire of exhibition rooms, 1904 Nov. 10.
Letter from Stephen Catterson Smith to Hugh Lane regarding the attempt by Lane to extend his lease on exhibition rooms at the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 Dec. 21.
Letter from Stephen Catterson Smith to Hugh Lane regarding his commission to restore the portrait of Daniel O'Connell by his father which has been damaged in a fire in City Hall, 1909 Oct. 11.
Receipt from Stephen Catterson Smith to Hugh Lane for £100 for painting a replacement of the the portrait of Daniel O'Connell by his father which has been damaged in a fire in City Hall, 1910 Aug. 10.
Letter from A.F. [Spring?] [Albert F. Sieveking?] to Hugh Lane regarding his disappointment at the reaction in Dublin to Lane's modern art gallery, 1913 July 21.
Letter from Isodore Spielmann to Hugh Lane regarding a donation to the National Art Collections Fund by Alfred Mond which was not received, 1905 Dec. 12.
Letter from M.H. Spielmann to Hugh Lane thanking him for a catalogue and asking if he could loan clocks or photographs of them for use in the 'Graphic', 1908 Feb. 25.
Letter from William Stanfield to Hugh Lane thanking him for newspaper cuttings and enclosing his comments on the City of Manchester Art Gallery, 1903 Jan. 20.
Letter from J. Spencer Stanhope to Hugh Lane apologising for a delay in sending his contribution to an art gallery, 1904 Nov. 8.
Letter from Nora St. Davids to Hugh Lane asking him to view a house with her to decide on a decorative scheme, 1909 July 28.
Agreement signed by P.W. Steer to donate three pictures to the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Nov.
Letter from P.W. Steer to Hugh Lane regarding his donation of pictures to the new modern art gallery, [1904?].
Letter from Herbert G. Stevenson to Hugh Lane asking him to consider granting some pictures from his collection to the Belfast Municipal Art Gallery, 1913 Sept. 9.
Letter from Herbert G. Stevenson to Hugh Lane thanking him for agreeing to consider loaning some pictures from his collection to the Belfast Municipal Art Gallery and asking him to meet Alderman Mercier to discuss the matter further, 1913 Sept. 12.
Letter from William Strang to Hugh Lane agreeing to donate a picture to the modern art gallery in Dublin and asking what type of work he would like, 1907 Dec. 3.
Letter from Edward Strange to Hugh Lane asking for details of Lane's next Irish exhibition for publication, 1908 Dec. 24.
Letter from Arthur Streeton to Hugh Lane regarding the collection and insurance of pictures for exhibition, 1904 Mar. 15.
Letter from Walter G. Strickland to Hugh Lane informing him that pictures arrived safely, 1904 Aug. 25.
Letter from Annie L. Swynnerton to Hugh Lane regarding the packing of a picture that she is sending to Dublin, undated.
Letter from Mrs. Taylor to Hugh Lane agreeing to send pictures to Dublin if she gets those that she sent to the Guild Hall back first, Aug. 2.
Letter from Margery Taylor to Hugh Lane apologising that there has not been time to reframe two pictures that are being sent to Dublin, Nov. 3.
Letter from A.G. Temple to Hugh Lane regarding a picture by Tuke and a cancelled meeting with Lord Ronald Gower, 1902 May 22.
Letter on behalf of Sir Charles Tennant to Hugh Lane declining to assist the proposed modern art gallery in Dublin as "Irishmen can quite well supply the needs" of it, Oct. 30.
Letter from H. Jones Thaddeus to Hugh Lane agreeing to loan him a portrait of Pope Pius X, 1904 Mar. 19.
Letter from H. Jones Thaddeus to Hugh Lane agreeing to donate a picture to the modern art gallery in Dublin when he has something suitable, 1904 Sept. 4.
Letter from Elise Thompson to Hugh Lane regarding his exhibition of Irish Art at the Guild Hall and asking him to accept three of her pictures for display, Apr. 26.
Letter from Offley Thore [Shore?] to Hugh Lane promising to get his Irish friends to assist Lane, Mar. 22.
Letter from Una E. Tighe to Hugh Lane on behalf of her father, giving permission for engravings to be made of two portraits by Romney for a book on the artist, 1903 Feb. 21.
Letter from Maude Loftus Tottenham to Hugh Lane giving her family history as linked to a portrait by Romney that he has purchased, 1914 Jan. 7.
Letter from P.F. Chenevix Trench to Hugh Lane asking him to view pictures belonging to Lady Ashtown to ascertain their value and to give an opinion on their arrangement, 1908 July 24.
Letter from W. Fitzjohn Trench to Hugh Lane regarding arrangements for an art section at an industrial exhibition in Galway, 1908 Mar. 25.
Letter from Henry S. Tuke to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request that he donate a picture to the modern art gallery, which he cannot comply with at present, 1904 Oct. 26.
Letter from Henry S. Tuke to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request that he donate a picture and hoping to meet for lunch to discuss the matter, 1907 Nov. 30.
Letter from Henry S. Tuke to Hugh Lane informing him that he will be sending the picture 'To the Morning Sun' to Dublin and including a picture of it, 1907 Dec. 28.
Letter from Henry S. Tuke to Hugh Lane complaining that he never sees Lane unless it is to give away a picture, undated.
Letter from Hawes Turner to Hugh Lane on behalf of the National Gallery rejecting two pictures donated by Lane by Nathaniel Hone and Antonio Mancini, 1908 Dec. 12.
Letter from Royall Tyler to Hugh Lane regarding a visit to Spain and the possibility of buying portraits by Goya, 1908 Jan. 13.
Letter from Royall Tyler to Hugh Lane thanking him for his kindness to Howard and describing his journey to Madrid, 1908 Nov. 14.
Letter from Katharine Tynan Hinkson to Hugh Lane apologising for disappointing him over pictures and agreeing to have her portrait shown at the Guild Hall, 1904 Mar. 21.
Letter from Hector S. Vandeleur to Hugh Lane agreeing to join the committee of the Royal Hibernian Academy, 1904 Dec. 17.
Letter from Arthur Vicars to Hugh Lane regarding Lane's request for exhibition catalogues from Dublin, 1902 Nov. 7.
Letter from Arthur Vicars to Hugh Lane regarding his lack of success in persuading his cousin to loan pictures for exhibition and offering several of his own instead, 1902 Nov. 24.
Letter from Maurice Wagemans to Hugh Lane regarding his work and a donation to the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1914 Dec. 21.
Letter from Francis S. Walker to Hugh Lane offering pictures for exhibition at the Guild Hall and mentioning that he is on a sketching tour in Ireland, 1904 May 4.
Copy letter from Wallis & Son to "Livesey" regarding attempts to establish provenance on a Corot picture, 1905 May 10.
Letter from Thomas Wallis, on behalf of Wallis & Son, to Hugh Lane authenticating an early work by J.B.C. Corot, 1905 June 6.
Letter from Wallis & Son to Hugh Lane sending him a picture by Hogarth as requested and giving information on its seller, Rev. Mackinnon, 1914 March 10.
Letter from Whitworth Wallis to Hugh Lane asking to borrow part of Lane's collection for exhibition at the City of Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery, 1913 July 29.
Letter from T.H. Ward to Hugh Lane informing him that he has written to the Mayor and hopes that he can be of assistance in getting a position for Lane, [1903?] Sept. 17.
Letter from Charles Watney of the Daily Mail to Hugh Lane asking for an advance piece of an article on the new modern art gallery in Dublin to publish, 1904 Dec. 7.
Letter from L. Webb to Hugh Lane expressing disappointment that he won't be able to write a newspaper article on Lane, Sept. 27.
Letter from Frederick Wedmore to Hugh Lane asking to view his gallery when he comes to Dublin to give a talk, 1909 Sept. 1.
Letter from José Weiss to Hugh Lane promising to contribute a picture to the modern art gallery in Dublin when the time comes, 1904 Sept. 2.
Letter from José Weiss to Hugh Lane asking him to contact Weiss's agent to obtain a picture that he is donating to the modern art gallery in Dublin when the time comes, 1904 Oct. 21.
Letter from Anthony A. Weldon to Hugh Lane asking him to visit in order to view two pictures and hopefully ascertain the artists, 1903 Jan. 1.
Letter from M.J. Wengel to Hugh Lane regarding the work of Frank Joseph O'Meara which Lane has requested for exhibition, 1904 Feb. 12.
Letter from M.J. Wengel to Hugh Lane informing him that she is not willing to dispose of pictures at the moment, 1904 Aug. 9.
Letter from M.J. Wengel to Hugh Lane informing him that a sketch has been sent to him but that she could not afford to frame it or to pre-pay the carriage, 1904 Oct. 31.
Letter from Julius Wernher to Hugh Lane regarding a picture that he is donating to the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1910 [Jan.?] 30.
Letter from Ena Wertheimer to Hugh Lane apologising that her father will not agree to loan any of his Sargent portraits for an exhibition, 1904 Oct. 31
Letter from Ena Wertheimer to Hugh Lane informing him that she has written to Mrs. Thursby asking for her portrait by Sargent and regarding her own sketch by Sargent, 1904 Nov. 2
Letter from Ena Wertheimer to Hugh Lane informing him that Mrs. Thursby has agreed to loan him her portrait by Sargent and inviting him to lunch, 1904 Nov. 3
Letter from Ena Wertheimer to Hugh Lane regarding a meeting with Sargent who she feels will assist Lane with gathering pictures for the modern art gallery in Dublin, [1904 Nov.].
Letter from Henrietta M. White to Hugh Lane apologising that she could not attend his exhibition and inviting him to lunch to meet a lecturer, Nov. 22.
Letter from Terrick Williams to Hugh Lane regarding a picture which will not be ready for exhibition at the Guildhall but which he is proposing for Dublin, 1904 Aug. 8.
Letter from Terrick Williams to Hugh Lane debating what picture to send to Dublin and asking Lane to come to view his work to choose one, 1904 Oct. 26.
Letter from W.L. Wheeler to Hugh Lane asking him to consider giving his art collection to Belfast as Dublin has refused to meet his conditions, 1913 Aug. 26.
Letter from W.T. Whitley to Hugh Lane asking him to give his opinions on the success of an Irish art exhibition for inclusion in a newspaper column, 1904 July 20.
Letter from W.T. Whitley to Hugh Lane agreeing to help the campaign for a permanent modern art gallery in Dublin in any way that he can, 1904 July 21.
Letter from W.T. Whitley to Hugh Lane congratulating him on the success of his Dublin exhibition and offering to garner further publicity for it, 1904 Nov. 28.
Letter from Alexander Williams to Hugh Lane listing pictures and their owners that he could submit for the Guild Hall exhibition, 1904 Apr. 23.
Letter from E.J. van Wisselingh to Hugh Lane regarding a picture by Honoré Daumier that has been purchased for the modern art gallery in Dublin, 1904 Aug. 13.
Letter Garnet Wolseley, Viscount Wolseley, to Hugh Lane regretting that he cannot donate a portrait of himself as he does not own one, 1904 Feb. 6.
Letter David Woodlock to Hugh Lane asking to submit a picture to the exhibition of Irish art at the Guild Hall, 1904 Apr. 18.
Letter David Woodlock to Hugh Lane thanking him for accepting a picture for the exhibition of Irish art at the Guild Hall and recommending that he look at the work of Albert Hartland, 1904 Apr. 20.
Letter from Madeline Wyndham to Hugh Lane apologising for not attending an exhibition and asking if has seen Blake's pictures at the Carfax Gallery, 1906 July 18.
Letter from Jack Butler Yeats to Hugh Lane listing works that he has sent to Lane for Dublin, Aug. 23.
Letter from John Butler Yeats to Hugh Lane asking him to view a picture by his old friend W. Coulter for possible inclusion in the Guild Hall exhibition, 1904 Apr. 19.
Letter from John Butler Yeats to Hugh Lane asking him to contact Francis Walker to apologise for not including him in the Guild Hall exhibition, 1904 July 13.
Letter from John Butler Yeats to Hugh Lane informing him that he is wrong about Francis Walker's art and that pictures have been poorly hung at an exhibition, undated.
Letter from William Butler Yeats to Hugh Lane asking to see him as he has information on the site of the modern art gallery and regarding Lady Gregory's fundraising, [1913?].
Letter from William Butler Yeats to "Robinson" asking him to get copies made of the enclosed challenge to William Murphy to be sent to all newspapers, Sept. 17.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane regarding their first commission as an art dealer and plans to spend it, 1908 Sept. 29.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane regarding his promise to look out for a frame for a portrait of his wife, 1909 Jan. 3.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane regarding hopes for an exhibition in Dublin and signed "Cromaboo and Begorrah - new title!", 1902 Oct. 27.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane agreeing to donate a picture to a gallery and giving his contact details, 1904 Oct. 22.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane regretting that they cannot join a committee, 1904 Dec. 13.
Postcard from unidentified author to Hugh Lane identifying a church in a picture by Corot, 1904 Dec. 29.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane regarding a portrait of E.P. Alabaster to be arranged with William Orpen, 1905 July 17.
Letter from unidentified author [Fred. Winkr.?] to Hugh Lane asking for payment for pictures that he has purchased at an exhibition, 1913 Jan. 4.
Letter from unidentified author to Hugh Lane regarding attempts to raise subscriptions to buy the Staat Forbes collection for Dublin, Dec. 19.
Letter from unidentified author [J.J.S.] to Hugh Lane regarding pictures that they are sending for exhibition, undated.
Report by unidentified author of an election for a Professorship of Architecture which R. Caulfield Orpen had hoped to get , undated.
Draft notice of a meeting to be held at the Mansion House in favour of the Art Gallery river site, undated.
Letter from H.C. Tisdall to Hugh Lane agreeing to allow his pictures to be exhibited at an Irish Exhibition in London, 1904 Mar. 25.
Letters largely concern personal, agricultural and political affairs and includes documents regarding the "Zamora" case
Hide full summary ... Letters largely concern personal, agricultural and political affairs and includes documents regarding the "Zamora" case
Report of the Recess Committee on the Establishment of a Department of Agriculture and Industries for Ireland, 1896.
Correspondence of Sir Horace Plunkett from 16th Baron Dunsany and 18th Baron Dunsany, [ca. 1888-1915].
Paving the way to a brighter future : a study of traveller economic activities and possiblities for enterprise development in Limerick City /
Have you checked out how you can create online booking and enquiry forms for your business with ServiceM8? Make it easy for your customers to get in touch or book your services.
Email marketing is a very effective form of do-it-yourself marketing which you can learn and build on at your own pace, with MailChimp.
Andy and Angela from Lifestyle Tradie discuss how worthwhile and easy it is to keep in touch with first-time customers after the job is done, to ensure your business is front-of-mind the next time around.
We love the fact the pCloud offers both a consumer facing cloud storage product and business cloud storage services. This allows the pCloud program to find a place on both b2c tech oriented blogs and with b2b marketing affiliates.
This one is for our Canadian neighbors. JYSK Canada is one of Canada’s premier online home-furnishings and decor dealers. Their European influenced catalog will tick all the boxes for bloggers in the design and home spaces.
Arrow Electronics is one of the largest direct sellers of electronic components in both the hobbyist and professional engineer markets. Bloggers in the electronics space will find a very extensive catalog to build and design with.
ShareASale has been in business for 16 years, exclusively as an Affiliate Marketing Network. Our technology receives accolades for speed, efficiency and accuracy - and our reputation as a fair and honest business is well known within the industry.
Carton Flow Rack Rollers with flexible designs on moving conveyor belt,through the rollers and controlled deceleration devices.Shelves are used in dry environments or cold storage warehousing.
Reeves Motel | Hotels & Motels | Cape May Hotels Motels - Cape May County Chamber of Commerce - About
The Reeves Motel has been dedicated to providing you with a clean, quiet, restful, and enjoyable night's stay.
From our early days until today, we have a track record of giving our customers the best quality service for the most competitive prices. However don’t just take our word for this, you can view some of our many excellent reviews on our website. Quality Roofing Nottingham have served very many happy customers over the years in the Langley Mill area, and we are always happy to show our work to you.
You may find it a little overwhelming when researching the best business for you to work with. You might have some questions, for instance
This is why we choose to be completely transparent from the beginning to the end. Starting with a no pressure sales call, finding you the best price and product available, and a promise to finish on time every time.
We are absolutely confident in the work that we provide, and of course we guarantee it. If you have questions of any type after our work is completed, just give us a call, and we will promptly take care of any problems or issues that you might have.
This is at the root of all that we do. You will be pleased to learn that you have received excellent value for money, and the highest quality materials available. We are sure that you can find many of our customers in the Langley Mill area that will be happy to recommend us to you.
We have a professional and fully trained and insured teamthat are able to handle any job whatever the size, and to the highest of standards. This is what Quality Roofing Nottingham is all about. It is for this reason that our customers return time after time, and recommend us to their friends, in fact, the majority of our work comes from word of mouth recommendations.
We have highest satisfaction rates of all the Roofing Repair companies in the Langley Mill area. Please get in touch.
Select PageHome Home Version 1 Home Version 2 Home Version 3Page Templates Services About Us Left Sidebar Page Right Sidebar Page Search Results Contact UsFeatures Elements Columns Sliders Media Multi-Level Menu Item One Item TwoPortfolio Portfolio List Portfolio Item Portfolio Item Gallery Portfolio Item VideoBlog Blog List Blog ItemContact Us
Our dental team is pleased to provide high-quality removable dentures to new and existing patients who have experienced the loss of some or all of their teeth. These dentures are custom-crafted to fit the individual patient’s mouth and specific tooth replacement needs. They provide both a cosmetic and functional replacement solution for tooth loss.
To make the dentures, we will make a series of impressions of the patient’s jaw, teeth, and gums, including several measurements. A model will be crafted, tested, and adjusted until the color, shape, and fit of the denture are right for the patient’s unique needs. Once the model is ready, it is sent to the dental lab and used to cast the permanent denture. Finally, the patient will receive the permanent denture and minor adjustments will be made, if necessary, to ensure comfort and fit.
There are two basic types of dentures: Conventional Full Dentures and Partial Dentures. Each of these meets a different teeth replacement need.
Conventional Full Dentures are a great option if a patient needs replacement for all of the upper and/or lower teeth. Once the gums have fully healed from any extractions, we will take impressions and measurements of the jaws and gums. These are used in crafting a custom model of the future denture. The model will be adjusted for fit, then sent to the lab for the denture to be made. Once complete, he will fit the denture to the patient’s mouth, making any minor adjustments needed to ensure a secure, comfortable fit.
Partial Dentures, also known as Dental Bridges, are a replacement for one or more missing teeth. Besides the aesthetic reason for bridges, patients often choose to have a bridge to prevent teeth from rotating or shifting into the empty spaces caused by tooth loss. A standard bridge places a crown on the teeth surrounding the empty space, then attaches a replacement tooth to those crowns. We will match the replacement to the patient’s natural teeth for a consistent look to their smile.
With any form of dentures, the patient should follow up with the doctor as recommended. We may need to make adjustments to dentures over time to keep proper fit and full comfort. Dentures should be cleaned regularly using a soft bristle toothbrush and a non-abrasive cleanser to avoid build up of plaque. Generally, dentures should be replaced every 5-10 years. Ask our doctor to evaluate whether your dentures should be refit or replaced.
The internet is fraught with myths about everything. In this “information age” you might think it would be easy to find the truth, but that’s not always the case. Dentistry is no different. It’s no surprise that dental myths are abundant, especially in regard to some of the more intimidating procedures. However, advancements in dental technology have made it possible to receive the advanced care you need with little to no discomfort. Here are some common myths you might hear about root canals debunked. Contact our dental office to learn more.
Long ago, this might have been the case. However, modern advancements in the techniques and technology available to dentists have made this procedure quick and relatively painless. In fact, the damaged tissue often causes more day-to-day pain and discomfort than the procedure itself will!
In the 20th century there was a popular misconception that a root canal could put you at risk of developing illness or an infection. Not only has this been definitively disproven, but root canals have actually been shown to help prevent illness. According to a study published in a journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA Otolaryngology—Head & Neck Surgery), root canals can lower your risk of certain cancers by up to 45%.
When possible, it’s always preferable to keep your natural teeth. In addition to the inconvenience of dealing with a missing tooth, removing teeth can cause the surrounding ones to loosen and shift over time, possibly necessitating more procedures in the future. The success rate of a root canal treatment is extremely high and the tooth itself, with proper care, can last for a lifetime.
Don’t let misinformation about dental care stop you from receiving the treatments you need. Contact our office today to schedule an appointment and set the record straight on root canals.
Men, dental examinations and treatment are important for you, too. Did you know according to the Academy of General Dentistry (AGD), by age 72 men lose an average of 5 teeth? That number jumps to 12 if you are also a smoker. Here’s what you need to know about keeping your mouth healthy. Follow these tips and you can beat the odds stacked against men and their oral health.
Men are more likely than women to suffer from periodontal, or gum, disease. Men also have a higher risk of developing oral cancer and throat cancer, and men tend to lose more teeth than women. A poll conducted by the AGD found that 45% of men who responded felt there was no need for them to visit the dentist. This is a troubling statistic for a group more prone to oral health issues. A visit to our office can help us identify problems early.
Certain medications can directly impact your teeth. Others can cause side effects such as dry mouth, which decreases saliva. Saliva is important in keeping your teeth’s enamel strong. Smoking or chewing tobacco, including smoking electronic cigarettes, have been linked to increasing your risk of developing oral cancer and other oral health issues. If you play sports, especially football or hockey, get fitted with a mouth guard to protect your teeth from extensive damage. You should avoid or limit energy drinks and sports drinks, as these contain acids and sugars that can lead to decay.
Men are at a higher risk for developing periodontal, or gum, disease. Periodontal disease is caused by a buildup of hardened plaque on teeth and gums. This buildup, known as tartar, can inflame your gums. Studies have linked periodontal disease to increasing your risk for strokes, heart attacks, diabetic complications, and more. If your gums are red, bloodied, or sore, you should make an appointment to see us. Our experienced, professional dental team will assess your gum health and work to find a treatment for you.
A visit to our office will provide you with a complete dental examination and cleaning, but you should also practice good oral hygiene each day at home. This starts by brushing your teeth twice each day, for two minutes each time. When you brush, use an appropriate toothpaste. Ask our team if you are not sure what kind of toothpaste is best for you. Make sure you are also using dental floss. Taking care of your teeth at home will make your next visit to see us easier.
Men, your teeth are important so take good care of them. Practice good brushing and flossing habits at home. Reduce your risk of developing decay and oral disease by cutting back on sugary or acidic drinks, avoiding tobacco and smoking, and keeping our office up to date on any medications you are using. Get into the habit of coming to our office regularly, your smile depends on it.
For more tips on keeping your mouth healthy or to schedule your next dental examination, please contact our office.
Blood thinning medications are helpful in regulating your body to prevent heart attacks, strokes, and other serious issues. However, if you are scheduled for oral surgery, it is vital that our oral surgeon is aware of all medications you are using.
There are two types of blood thinners. The first type works to prevent blood clotting. Medications ranging from aspirin to Plavix fit into this category. The other type of blood thinners work to prevent blood from coagulating; Coumadin or warfarin accomplish this.
When you have your oral surgery consultation appointment, be sure to share with us any medications you are taking. We need to have your complete medical history to ensure your safety and proper treatment. Our dentist might also ask you the purpose of each medication you are taking to better understand any side-effects or other medical issues that could affect your oral surgery.
Never stop any medication without consulting your doctor. Depending on your medical history, your doctor might suggest specific blood tests before having oral surgery. Communication is key, both between you and your primary physician, and between you and our office. If your treatment requires additional medication to be taken, ask about potential drug interactions.
Bleeding resulting from oral surgery can occur, but each patient will have different results. The most effective way to minimize oral bleeding is to firmly apply pressure to the area for up to 30 minutes. Gauze is recommended for applying gentle pressure to stop bleeding. Depending on the oral surgery procedure, we may ask you to refrain from drinking hot liquids and rinsing your mouth for the first day. We suggest avoiding rough or sharp foods that might cut your mouth.
Prior to having any oral surgery, it is important that our experienced surgical team has a thorough knowledge of your medical history. This enables us to find the best possible solutions for your needs, while ensuring your safety.
Hemisection is a type of dental or endodontic surgery in which half of an injured or infected molar is removed. This type of treatment is only used for molars, due to their larger size and dual-root structure that provides added strength and stability. A hemisection may be recommended in certain cases to allow the healthy portion of the affected tooth to be preserved, rather than extracting the full molar.
Our doctor will gently expose the structure beneath your molar to confirm that one root is healthy enough to be preserved. The infected or injured root is removed and the gap is cleansed and filled. A crown will be fabricated and placed to strengthen the tooth after treatment.
Hemisection provides an effective option to save a molar that may otherwise require full extraction. If you have a molar that may be injured or infected, contact our team as soon as possible for an evaluation.
You probably have some pre-conceived notions about oral surgery. You might think of it as a worst-case resort for people with particularly serious oral health issues. Maybe you assume that all oral surgery procedures are painful, invasive, and take a while to fully heal. However, there are plenty of reasons an individual could benefit from oral surgery, and not all procedures are going to require the same amount of healing. Below are some common issues that can be resolved by oral surgery. Contact our team today to learn more if you think you could benefit from one of these procedures.
Dental implants are a permanent solution for missing teeth. An implant is fixed to your jawbone and a cosmetic crown that mimics the look and function of a natural tooth is fixed on top. Implants can help restore the function of missing teeth as well as keep the adjacent teeth from shifting in the mouth.
A misaligned bite can cause any number of issues. From a clicking sensation and pain in the jaw to excess wear and tear on your teeth as they rub against each other, misalignment can easily spiral into a number of other oral health issues.
The majority of people find that they need to have their wisdom teeth removed at some point in their lives. Additionally, other teeth may need to be extracted due to damage or infection. Removing problem teeth can help protect overall oral health and give the rest of your teeth room in your mouth.
After sustaining a traumatic facial injury, an individual might need to undergo oral surgery to help repair and rebuild the delicate structures found in the mouth. Whether damaged teeth need to be extracted and replaced with implants or the jaw needs to be reset, the extent of the surgery will depend on the injuries sustained.
Don’t let a limited understanding of oral surgery stop you from receiving the care you might need. To learn more about all the potential benefits of oral surgery, contact our dental team today!
Calcium is an important mineral for building strong, healthy teeth. Not everyone can tolerate the lactose found in dairy, which is often a prime source for calcium. There are a wide variety of options available to get the calcium you need. Here are six options rich in calcium:
Canned seafood, such as sardines and salmon, can be an excellent source of calcium. These inexpensive options contain more calcium than their fresh counterparts. Canned seafood has small, soft, edible bones that are generally unnoticeable but can be a great way to add calcium to a salad or another dish.
Soy, rice, and almond milks offer added calcium and can be used as a milk substitute in many dishes. Experiment with different varieties to determine which flavor you like the most for each use. Try one of these milk alternatives on cereal or use in a cooked dish. Soy, rice, and almond milks are available in a variety of flavors, including plain, sweetened, unsweetened, vanilla, and other options.
Milk is one of the best sources of calcium. One cup of cow’s milk can potentially contain a quarter of the recommended daily intake of calcium. Cow’s milk is also a cheap option, as it is generally priced below alternative options like almond milk. Additional benefits provided are good source of protein, vitamin A and vitamin D.
Most yogurts are high in calcium. The highest source of calcium from yogurt comes from the low-fat variety, while Greek yogurt has a lower amount of calcium than regular yogurt.
A lot of cheeses are excellent sources of calcium. Parmesan cheese has the highest amount of calcium among cheeses. Softer varieties of cheese generally have less calcium than others. Aged and hard cheeses typically contain less lactose, making them easier to eat for people with dairy restrictions.
Calcium is important for developing and maintaining strong teeth and bones. If you have trouble digesting dairy, don’t let that stop you from consuming your recommended amount of daily calcium.
It is not uncommon for many of us to grab a bite to eat in a hurry. Americans have grown accustomed to bigger food portions at restaurants, but our mouths have not. Trying to fit that oversized sandwich or apple in your mouth might be worse for you than you have ever imagined. Below are some reasons why this could be detrimental for your oral health and what you can do about it.
According to the Academy of General Dentistry (AGD), taking bites that are too big for you to chew can not only cause jaw and teeth issues, it can also cause digestive problems. Discomfort, swelling and difficulty eating may result from opening your jaw too wide. Taking large bites may also result in food not being chewed thoroughly, which can lead to weight gain and digestive issues.
Constantly opening your jaw too wide becomes an even larger problem for people with temporomandibular joint disorder (TMD). The temporomandibular joint connects the jaw to the skull bones enabling movement during chewing. People with TMD, usually have a restriction with how wide they can open their jaws. Taking large bites of food, especially hard foods like apples, can aggravate this condition making pain and jaw clicking worse.
If you have food that is too large to chew or starts to cause jaw discomfort, try cutting your food into smaller portions. This makes food easier to eat with less hassle. Also consider eating softer foods that won’t harm your teeth or irritate your jaw.
Tip: Avoid chewing on ice, popcorn kernels, hard candies, and opening nuts with your teeth. This can lead to a chipped tooth!
Our experienced oral surgeon provides excellent results and works to minimize the time required for your mouth to heal following surgery. However, any oral surgery will require you to take extra care of your mouth for at least a few days afterward. If you are preparing for oral surgery, it can be helpful to consider what kinds of foods to avoid and those you may want to have available during this period.
Foods that are hot, cold, spicy, or acidic can be painful for soft tissues during the healing process. Your mouth will be sensitive for the first few days. Foods that require a lot of chewing can cause bleeding, slower healing or even infection. Hard foods like chips can splinter in the mouth and cut into delicate gums. Drinking through a straw adds strain on your tissues and can be harmful. All these should be avoided during the first day or two, at least.
During your initial 24 hours, you will want to take extra care with what and how you eat. Stick with soft and mushy foods that do not require much work to chew. Here are some ideas to consider:
Banana smoothies – while you should avoid straws, banana smoothies are tasty, filling, and contain valuable nutrition.
Soft fruits – applesauce, mandarin orange slices in juice, and seedless watermelon are all easy to eat and taste great.
Soups – warm (not hot) broths and soups help you maintain your strength as you heal. Select soups that do not have chunks that will need to be chewed.
Mashed potatoes – soft, warm, and filling, mashed potatoes can help you feel as though you’ve eaten a meal. Try adding some shredded cheese for a jazzier dish.
Puddings and gelatin – though you want to be careful of your sugar intake, puddings and flavored gelatin are a great way to get some needed calories, especially if you are experiencing soreness or stiffness during the initial hours after your surgery. Both are gentle on the stomach, as well as the mouth, making them a useful option.
Our team is very responsive. If we do not return your email immediately, please know that we may have not received it. For important matters, please call our office. E-mail is never a fully secure form of communication. If you prefer to share protected personal information, you may choose to contact us by phone.
AIKON Group is a Hong Kong-based company with manufacturing facilities in China. Our main focus is on producing thermals, underwear and lingerie, socks, and t-shirts for all age groups, while retaining a low carbon footprint through reduced pollution emission and strict control of water pollution from the use of Chemical dyes.AIKON provides seamless apparel and leg wear for brands such as Jockey, Ambra, Levente, Damart, Roots, Legale, Ellen Tracey, JC Penney and Sears. Our products are distributed globally in major retail outlets K-Mart, Wal-Mart, Target, Farmers, and Sears.Combining high-quality production practices, innovative fabrication methods, sustainable all-natural fibers and a commitment to responsible business practice, AIKON is the manufacturer to choose for all your apparel needs in an environmentally conscious world.
Is the mobile phone that you are selling in perfect condition, does it work properly and come with all the parts? Enter this information on this page!
Send me an envelope so I can send you my device for free. One Euro will be deducted from the amount due.
Robert offers a wide range of photography and video services covering livestock, horses and commercial subjects. If you would like any work carried out please contact me for a quote. If you wish to order photographs please contact me by e-mail or telephone.
Northumberland County show takes place on Monday June 4th 2012 and will be the last show held at Corbridge before moving to Bywell near Stocksfield in 2013
Gordon and David Gray from Sunnycroft, Lindean, Selkirk plan to defend their Champion Of Champions crown at this years Northumberland County Show on Monday June 4th 2012, by exhibiting a team of Texel sheep from their famous Ettrick flock to catch the eye of judge Robert Laird of Biggar, Lanarkshire.
The culmination of months of planning and years of breeding paid off at last years Show for the Ettrick flock when they won the Champion of Champions accolade with the texel gimmer "Ettrick Lady Kate". Judge Michael Aynsley described the winner as "The perfect sheep". David Gray said "It was an honour to win such a prestigious award in the main ring with such an excellent show of tremendous livestock".
Ettrick Texels were established in 1982 under the prefix of the then family farm of Hillridge, however when the flock was relocated to the Scottish Borders in 1990 it changed its prefix to the name of the river which flows through the hill farm, the Ettrick. The farm has 120 pedigree Texel ewes and 100 cross bred sheep used for embyro transplants, 400 Mule, Suffolk and Texel cross ewes and twenty pedigree Aberdeen Angus cattle.
This will be the third year the Ettrick flock has been shown at the Northumberland County Show having won the Texel championships in 2010 and 2011. David says he is looking forward to the start of the show season as he enjoys preparing the animals for showing and renewing friendships built up over the years.
He commented "We decided to start showing our Texel sheep at the Northumberland County Show three years ago as it is one of the top shows in the area. It gives us the opportunity early on in the year to see how our team is looking in comparison to other breeders and because of the large crowds who flock to the showground every year it is a great window to showcase our livestock. We find showing sheep at the Northumberland County Show provides us with a good benchmark for the Royal Highland Show".
The Ettrick flock plan to show their Northumberland County Show Champion texel from 2010 "Tima Princess" at this years show. Last year their Champion of Champions ewe "Ettrick Lady Kate" went on to win at Lesmahagow show and was third in an extremely strong class at the Royal Highland Show. She had embryos taken from her last year and gave birth to twins at the beginning of March.
The Ettrick flock won the RASE in 2003 and 2004 but last year was by far their most consistent show season to date, winning the Scottish Club Points Trophy (for points gained throughout the show season) and five Championships with four different gimmers, including three Champion of Champions. Highlight for the flock last year was selling a gimmer at Lanark for 26,000gns having previously sold Ettrick Jackpot in 2003 for 36,000gns
Entries for all classes close on 1st May, the Gray family have just submitted their entry forms and other breeders need to follow suit as this date is always adhered to. A complete list of all livestock and competitive classes at the show is available in the schedule, which can be downloaded at www.northcountyshow.co.uk
Copies are also available by sending a SAE to The Secretary, Northumberland County Show, Hexham Auction Mart, Tyne Green, Hexham, NE46 3SG.
Bank Holiday Monday, June 4 will be the last show to be held at Corbridge in more than 60 years. Organisers, Tynedale Agricultural Society, have announced their plans to relocate to a much-need bigger site at Bywell near Stocksfield in 2013.
With more than 300 trade stands, main arena events and nationally renowned agricultural and equine sections, Northumberland County Show held at Tynedale Park in Corbridge is the highlight of the agricultural year in the region and a major annual attraction.
We have entered into a partnership with Johnston media and can now offer professional live streaming of events - please contact Johnston media email (johnstonmedia@mac.com) and quote reference RSlivestreaming with your enquiry
May 2016 will be a busy month - with Limousin and Charolais shows and sales at Carlisle, Balmoral and Northumberland Show and NBA Beef Expo at Bakewell
We have a busy few days coming up - Friday 13th and Saturday 14th February Limousins at Carlisle - Monday 16th Simmental at Stirling - Tuesday 17th Charolais at Stirling - Also NCC at Lockerbie on Saturday 14th February
Thank you to everyone who has supported us in 2014 - we look forward to working with everyone in 2015 our diary is nearly full with all clients retained and some new ones added.
Busy weekend ahead taking photos - @Matfen Hall Golf Club presentation evening tonight and @Longtown Mart at 9.00 am Saturday morning for prize store cattle show then later @Borderesk Beltex for Beltex sheep breeders farm visit - Sunday at Inglewood edge for another Beltex breeders flock visit and Monday @Darlington Mart for prize store cattle show ?#?lovemywork
We are producing a 100 year anniversary DVD for Gilsland Show this year 2014 - please visit the show website to view purchase details
New and incoming Bossier Parish teachers were welcomed to the Bossier School System by the Bossier Chamber and the business community at today’s New Teachers’ Luncheon.
Courtesy Photo | Melissa Couch presents new teacher Katie Chavis with 25 7’ inch tablets for use in her classroom.
This annual event provides new teachers with startup materials and prizes to help get them off to a great start of the school year. Nearly 120 new teachers attended today’s luncheon, sponsored by Barksdale Federal Credit Union.
New teacher, Katie Chavis, won the grand prize of 25 7’inch tablets for the use in her classroom, which were donated by Barksdale Federal Credit Union.
Bonnie Dubin with Motivate Me was the guest speaker and provided attendees with helpful leadership and teamwork tips to utilize in the classroom.
The Dress Giveaway is a day where the junior and senior girls from Northwest Louisiana will shop for a FREE prom dress. On the day of the event, students sign up for 30 minute shopping appointments on a first come, first served basis. Students are required to bring a letter from a teacher, counselor or principal.
To ensure a respectful, organized shopping experience, each student is paired with a volunteer personal shopper. The personal shopper will guide the student through our dress inventory and help her try on and select a dress. Students will try on gowns in individual dressing rooms and view themselves in floor length mirrors just as if they were shopping in a boutique.
Hair and Makeup: Professional (licensed) stylists that will donate their services to participants by demonstrating at the event. Contact the cpofshreveport@gmail.com
Setup or Takedown: Can’t volunteer at the Dress Giveaway, but still want to help out? Contact cpofshreveport@gmail.com to learn how you can help us setup or takedown for the Dress Giveaway. High School students can participate. Great way to earn community service hours.
Sexual Humiliation: When horny Cougar Akira brings you back to her bedroom, you better have the tools and technique to satisfy her - or else.
Contact us with any questions you have about our properties. To get alerts when new Brighton Brownstones hit the market register with us or sign in here.
When I think back on my elementary school years, many of my most vivid memories are tied to the time I spent on the playground during recess. As a kid, I enjoyed my lessons but always looked forward to recess and time to play outside. I absolutely loved spending time running around and playing imaginative games with my friends, and I think now that if an ounce of that time was taken away from me, I would have revolted.
Although time outside is just as important to many modern students as it was to me fifteen years ago, schools today don’t seem to share the same passion for recess. The reason for this decrease in recess over the years differs from school to school, but research suggests that the trend can be traced back to the late eighties and that it was accelerated under the No Child Left Behind Act, since schools felt pressured to show academic progress. In an effort to do this, recess was cut and replaced with more time spent in the classroom.
The problem with this mentality is that replacing time on the playground with time in the classroom doesn’t guarantee academic success among students. A study that was conducted in 2009 found that kids were better behaved when they were given at least one recess period of fifteen minutes or longer per day, as they were able to take unstructured social breaks during that time. If students are able to behave in class, then they are able to pay better attention and grasp more concepts as a result.
Other studies relate a student’s ability to absorb more information to how much exercise they get. For many students, recess is the most active time of the school day, and there is research that shows that physical exercise is also tied to academic performance. Students who were more active got better scores on standardized academic tests, were more focused, and had faster cognitive processing speeds. Many students spend their unstructured time during recess running around and playing games, and this time spent exercising has shown greater academic benefits than more time spent in the classroom.
In addition to improved academic performance, students also gain social and emotional benefits from having recess. Time on the playground presents students with situations that develop important communication skills such as cooperation, problem solving, negotiation, and compromise. Although there are classroom activities that can help develop these communication skills for students, recess is the one time a day when students go outside and are able to choose what they do. It is important for children, and in fact for all of us as human beings, to take breaks and do things when someone else isn’t telling us what to do.
Recess is a time I will always remember fondly as an adult, and I’m sure I’m not the only one. When we let children enjoy physical exercise and time outside, we allow for improved mental exercise in the classroom. The benefits of recess certainly justify its continued existence, and should even encourage more schools to increase daily time outside for students.
We utilize Skype/FaceTime along with downloadable materials for students and tutors to work together in real time.
Scott Weaver did a wonderful job working with our daughter on the ISEE. He was unfailingly and infectiously positive, upbeat and energetic. Our daughter truly enjoyed her math sessions. Scott always came prepared with a lesson plan, bringing manipulatives such as Legos and various containers to help convey mathematical concepts. He also used creative activities which got our daughter up and moving; using her whole body to solve math problems. Scott balanced teaching math skills with…
18 Selection If we have the data described on the previous page, Stieber can make the most accurate selection. If all of the information is not available, or if you want to make a selection yourself, the following service factor procedure may be used. Note: The following method and the service factors used are only a guide based on experience and cannot cover all situations. We cannot accept responsibility for incorrect selection resulting from the use of these tables. A- Torque selection The first step is to calculate the catalogue torque of the unit to be chosen. This torque is derived from the application nominal torque multiplied by a service factor depending on the function of the freewheel and working conditions. Nominal torque of the application: 9550 x P (kw) T appl (Nm) = rpm The unit catalogue torque will be: T KN T appl x S:F: S.F. (service factor) can be read from the tables below. Note: All the units shown in this catalogue can support a maximum torque equal to 2 times the catalogue torque T KN indicated in the respective data tables. The following curve may be used as guide to determine the relationship between torque transmitted and the number of cycles (applications of this torque) the unit would withstand in its life time. Average values are shown. B- Model selection When the catalogue torque is known, the model will be selected from the following criteria: T KN % Sprag type freewheels Roller type freewheels Built-in or self-contained design 200 riving and overrunning speed limits 150 imensions 100 Lubrication and maintenance T KN x10 5 5x10 6 1,5x10 7 5x10 7 Number of cycles Please refer to the table at the end of the catalogue for a guide to selection. The product range is presented in this order: 1. Self contained ball bearing units (CSK range). General purpose, economical units for light applications. Grease lubricated, maintenance free. With or without key(s) mounting to shaft and housing. 16 B10 Freewheel life curve 2. Built-in units, roller types with inner and outer races (A.. series) or only a cage
Arguably one of the most full on, tree swinging, big balled, bunch of nut jobs you could imagine. Much respect...
Kites, boards, tricks, sparkling water, lovely eye candy and even more kites and some decent grooves to hold it together.
Not your traditional wipe out reel... This one's actually really interesting, showing how the safety team works behind the scenes of big wave surfing.
A forum for a PBeM in an alternative dark future of the star trek universe. Loosely based on the Birth of the federation computer game
A Romulan makes his way onto the promenard, relatively small in stature his size belies the evidence of great rank within the star empire. Not just the insignia and decorations which addorn his tabard but also the large retinue of guards which follow eyes pointed in all directions seeming to see and possibly hear all.. The leader shouts
*A young Ferengi wearing what looks like a barmans outfit approaches the Romulan, he speak in a high pitched and slightly timid voice*
Description: The seriously tanned guy leans against the stone outdoors and takes his big cock in hand to stroke is lustily and make it cum in gay solo video.
Carton flow rack dividers will bring to your warehouse racking systems automatically store merchandise perfect. Shelves are designed according to European standards, by experienced professionals.
The emergence of blockchain technology inspires us to imagine a future where physical weights and measures of pure silver are restored to the global economic system as a superior and sound form of money. This transformation requires a supply of silver that is transparent and verifiable to all stakeholders at all times, and that certain rights and claims upon the silver are represented by encrypted “tokens” that are controlled uniquely and individually upon a public and secure distributed ledger. In this video Dan Dicks of Press For Truth speaks with David Morgan of The Morgan Report and Steven Merrill of Lode to talk about silver’s new found potential in the blockchain age.
Special Report: Silver Price Forecast: How high will the price of silver be this year? How about next year? Grab Your Silver Price Forecast Free Report Right Now! In this report you will discover Silver might surprise everybody by the end of this year.
Is There A Silver Shortage Webinar: Join me in the free webinar where we’ll discuss, Is a silver deficit a silver shortage? What year did the deficit turn to a surplus? Are the above ground silver stocks increasing or decreasing How well does price track supply?
Special Report: Riches In Resources: The RIR report was written by myself. Often I rely on my team to help with research and trips to various companies, annual meetings, quarterly updates, conference calls, investor seminars, and all that we do to keep our members at the cutting edge of the Wealth building/Wealth preservation sector.
There is so much information in this report. So be sure to watch the movie, understand the times we are living in, and please share with your friends, family, social media or anyone that you care about. These times are changing rapidly.
Because there is a 100% failure rate of ALL fiat money throughout history, you will learn what to do by obtaining our Free Reports. Just enter your first name, your primary email address and click the Get Special Report button below.
Are you prepared for what lies ahead? Our Free E-Letter will keep YOU in the top 3% of the Informed, the Awake, and the Aware.
Today’s monetary system is based upon a lie. The lie is that you can get something for nothing, or perhaps more simply stated, wealth can be printed. History has shown throughout 5000 years that whenever a country has tried to maintain this illusion (lie), failure has been the result. We invite you to learn more about what The Morgan Report can do for you. Click on the Learn More About The Morgan Report button now!
It’s no mystery. History is about to repeat itself. We’re nearing the end of a historical monetary cycle. The only way to reset the system is by returning to Gold & Silver as the base for money. Watch this FREE webinar and in it you’re going to learn how to buy Gold & Silver in a “cash-flow-able” form. The 3 steps it requires to generate the passive income of 12% to 26.4% per year. How to make the whole investment work in under an hour a month with complete geographic freedom…
Second Chance: Invest like a pro... How To Make And Keep Big Money From The Coming Gold And Silver Shock-Wave. You may think you've missed the biggest leg up in precious metals and miners. But you would be wrong.
The Silver Manifesto: This may be the most important “hard money” book to be published in quite some time. Fortunes have been made by those who bought silver around the $5.00 level and paid attention to the call of the top at over $48.00 by David Morgan. Yet the big money lies ahead, according to the authors, as perhaps as much as 90 percent of the move occurs within the last 10 percent of the time.
I went to the London Perl Workshop on Saturday. It was very good and I learnt a lot. The "Gimmes" session taught me a few things that were useful. The session on sort was very useful, as I've never really delved into it beyond the default behaviour.
The session on Testing was also good. Lots of useful tools in there. And finally, I'm intrigued by Class::DBI which turns database rows into objects, without the programmer writing any SQL. Very cool!
﻿﻿﻿ I painted this last week but just got around to framing it so I thought I would post a photo. It is part of the series of monochromatic landscapes using the torrit gray that I am working on.
I will have to take a photo of the series when I am done in their matching frames. I have three of them framed on my mantle now and they look really nice together.
This month has been super busy so I am really looking forward to a glass of wine and browsing all the artwork at the miniature show and crafts at the Christmas Boutique.
Happy New Year everyone! 2012 was definitely the craziest year yet. So many highs and lows, but out of all years, I've never hit as many rock bottoms and yolo highs as hard and as much as I did this past year.
My new year's resolution is to be more honest with myself. I hope 2013 will be another great year, filled with joy and luck! ♥
You don’t need a Christmas miracle to move into a new home in time for the holidays. All you need to do is take advantage of the range of services available from Stewart Milne Homes that can help you enjoy a quick and hassle free move.
Tags: New home, new homes for sale, part exchange, Free Independent Financial Advice, new home for Christmas
Registered in Scotland. Company registered address: Peregrine House, Mosscroft Avenue, Westhill, Aberdeen AB32 6JQ. Registered number SC57709
Color: Mustard gold Sink type: Vessel Installation: Wall-mount, pedestal Materials: Glass, stainless steel Hardware finish: Chrome Includes solid brass hardware Includes beautifully crafted solid brass faucet Steel braided water supply lines No additional parts or fittings needed Chrome finish 12-inch faucet Mirror not included Stainless pedestal dimensions: 6 inches wide x 6 inches deep Back of the pedestal is open, you can hide the plumbing behind the pedestal Glass Sink…
His father, who was called Caunus, and was king of certain southern provinces in North Britain, was slain in war by king Arthur. Saint Gildas improved temporal afflictions into the greatest spiritual advantages, and, despising a false and treacherous world, aspired with his whole heart to a heavenly kingdom. Having engaged himself in a monastic state, he retired with Saint Cado, abbot of Llan-carvan, into certain desert islands, whence they were driven by pirates from the Orcades. Two islands, called Ronech and Ecni, afforded him for some time a happy retreat, which he forsook to preach to sinners the obligation of doing penance, and to invite all men to the happy state of divine love. After discharging this apostolical function for several years, he retired to the southwest part of Britain into the abbey of Glastenbury, where he died and was buried in 512. William of Malmesbury and John Fordun mention his prophecies and miracles.
On this day is commemorated in the Roman Martyrology, Saint SABINIANUS of TROYES in CHAMPAGNE, a martyr of the third century. His festival is kept at Troyes on the 24th.
In Byzantine art, the Deësis is a traditional representation of Christ Pantocrator enthroned, flanked by the Virgin Mary and Saint John the Baptist, and sometimes angels.
Beautifully maintained 4 bedrooms upstairs plus a den on the main floor, in sought after N. Burnaby location. With over 3209 Sq ft, this stunning family home has a fantastic layout on a level, meticulously landscaped & private 9686 sq ft lot. Gourmet kitchen perfect for entertaining boasts loads of cherry coloured wood cabinets on 3 walls, black granite countertops w/large centre island & it overlooks the adjacent eating area, family room & tranquil back yard. Additional formal living area w/gas fireplace & large dining room w/recessed area for a hutch. Upstairs there are 4 large bedrooms all with air conditioning & all with private bathroom or ensuite bathroom access. Huge master has his & hers walk in closets with custom organizers & oversized 5 piece ensuite with separate shower & soaker tub. Beautiful landscaping is an understatement for this yard with mature trees for privacy, inlaid paver stones in & around the property & fenced deck! More details
Excellent investment property in the heart of Richmond. A solid home with 5 bedrooms, spacious kitchen and a large deck great for entertaining. Basement (lower level) is large and has suite potential. A very livable home or keep it for rental income. Designated area as T4 townhouse development in the Richmond OCP. Land assembly potential. Bring your offers! More details
High quality custom built grand home in Fleetwood, 4628 sqft house on a 8300 sqft lot, backing onto greenbelt park. Massive living room. Gourmet kitchen with high end s/s appliances, granite countertops, solid cherry cabinets, Pantry. Solid hardwood floors & fine Italian tiles on the most of areas. Centro A/C , hardi plank siding, tile roof, 3 fireplaces, crown moldings, baseboards, detached storage shed, large sundeck for BBQ, double wide double deep 4 car garage and more. In the basement, big recreation room for entertainment, 2 bedroom Suite with separate entry. Call for private showings and you will find more. More details
Charming vintage farmhouse with a 1998 addition situated on the Southwest edge of Sheridan Hill on a uniquely private lot that offers 3+ flat fertile acres and 1 acre of wooded trails. Well kept 2 bedroom and den rancher style home with an open kitchen, center island/breakfast bar, newer heat smart wood windows, updated flooring throughout and a free standing gas fireplace. Large master with 2 piece ensuite, vaulted ceilings in living room and plenty of storage in attic that also offers a flex area. Wrap around veranda to enjoy parklike views of this beautifully landscaped property. Several powered outbuildings include a garage/workshop, large barn with hayloft, milk house, wood shed and a cattle/machinery shed. City water, natural gas and house is on septic. Quick access to Golden Ears and Pitt River bridges and close to several golf courses and various amenities. A very special property being offered for the first time in 54 years. More details
Welcome Home to Christina Place located on a quiet Cul-De-Sac in prestigious Riverview Heights. Over 4000 sq ft of custom West Coast inspired quality finishings. Professionally renovated & updated. A One-Of-A-Kind with pride of ownership at every turn. Chef quality Thermadore appliances, an entertainers dream kitchen. The Master Bedroom boasts a spa-like ensuite & expansive WI closet. All levels of this home are above ground with bright windows. The lower level offers over 1200 sq ft of living space; easily suited w/ 2 separate entry ways. Work from home in your luxurious main floor office. Private garden views from every window. Showings by appointment only. We welcome offers anytime. List of updates available. More details
What's BEST about this home? EVERYTHING! Only 6 years old means NO GST yet enjoy the peace of mind that comes w/the balance of the 2-5-10.With 5,000 sqft LUXURIOUS living space, mortgage helper (x2) with good revenue, MASTER BEDROOMS on the MAIN and above (x2) for a large family in a GREAT NEIGHBOURHOOD. This home comes with a LARGE lot with a private, not-through LANE access. CITY improving the MAIN street with NEW sidewalks and services. Some of the features and benefits include CC PROTECTION (4 cameras around the perimeter, 3 monitors), STATE-OF-THE-ART SURROUND SOUND in the family (media) room. No expense was spared when this home was build. A truly RARE FIND! so don't miss out. More details
Live now and build your dream home later, this amazing 6029 sq. ft lot is situated in changing neighbourhood of newer homes and on a very quiet, desirable Quilchena neighbourhood. The 2 level home is meticulously maintained by owner, 3 nice size bedrooms up and 2 bedrooms down. More living space outside with big balcony on the upper level and a tranquil garden in the huge backyard. Great location, 5 min drive to Quilchena Golf & Country Club, 8 min walk to West Dyke Trail, 5 min walk to Qulchena elementary school and 4 min drive to Hugh Boyd Secondary School. More details
Spacious lot, over 8,700 square feet of land. This home is located just minutes from top school, Rocky Point Park, and the Evergreen Skytrain line. Enjoy the beauty of Port Moody less than 30 minutes away from downtown Vancouver! Port Moody's official community plan (OCP) has designated this block for a - 6 STORY MULTI-FAMILY residential development. Detached Rear Garage. Floor Plan Available. More details
One of a kind BEAUTIFUL EXECUTIVE rancher on a large corner lot. Enter through the custom double doors to the grandeur of the very open and airy main living areas, accented with column features, you will feel transported to your very own villa! Boasting 2500 sq ft of air conditioned living on one level! Embracing southern architectural influences with ornate detailings in overheight coffered & vaulted ceilings + extensive use of tile and wood accents. Entertainer's dream kitchen with elegant dark wood cabinetry, huge custom island + built-in appliances. HUGE Master with fireplace, large walk-in closet, private balcony plus a 6 pc ensuite with soaker tub, separate shower, double sinks & built-in vanity. Downstairs features a large 2 bedroom suite. Attention Car buffs: 2 separate oversized garages! More details
Entertainer Paradise! this custom built home by Brody Dev Corp is located in prestigious Westwood Plateau on a Cu-De-Sac. As you enter, the spacious foyer welcomes you and makes it feel like a home. The well design open concept kitchen and family room and eating area is a perfect place to start the party going. The gourmet kitchen has updated with high end SS appliances such as Sub Zero fridge and granite counter top in 2014. The family room with gorgeous view of city skylines with updated gas fireplace in 2016 opens to patio. The dining room and living room with gas fireplace also opens to the patio. The patio is a perfect place to enjoy family/friend gathering; it is equipped with built in DCS gas BBQ and wood burning pizza oven imported from Italy.short drive to Coq center mall/skytrain More details
Wood Architecture is one of brilliant Architecture design ideas to get great home Architecture . The Wood Architecture is also one of the popular designs for Architecture categories on November, 2017. Moreover Wood Architecture has been created by awesome architecture designer.
For more image reference about Bathroom design ideas, you can look at gallery about Wood Architecture. Many image reference that you can find for can be best solution and inspiration for your Bathroom home which has been built with brilliant ideas from best architecture designers, perfect color combination, elegant detail architecture, modern and contemporary design for Bathroom , and of course it is easy to apply for your home.
The Borough of Chester is located in southwestern Morris County, NJ. Chester itself was established as a separate political entity in 1799, at which time "Chester" meant the area of both the Township and the downtown Village area which came to be the Borough. The Borough of Chester was incorporated in 1930, and is today a separate municipality surrounded by Chester Township.
Our favorite part. We love working closely with our clients to create invitations that fit them uniquely. Each suite in our collection is hand-calligraphed to order, entirely personalized for you.
BESPOKE ILLUSTRATION : A custom-drawn illustration of your venue or location in an elegantly designed suite.
Don't see the exact right design for you? Contact us to discuss an entirely bespoke design dreamed up just for your wedding.
Paperfinger invitations tend to be around $1250-$2500 for 100 sets of invitations (invite, rsvp, outer & rsvp envelopes). You can find more pricing details listed with each suite in our shop.
Hand-addressing starts at $6.50 per envelope. Detailed pricing for addressing and other wedding calligraphy services available upon request.
Collection designs can usually be produced in 4-6 weeks. Entirely bespoke designs take, at a minimum, two to three months.
This stylish and colorful notecard features a pregnant woman sitting next to presents and holding up a baby's onesie. The word "BABY" is printed at the top in a light green and blue banner, and the green and purple background features subtle polka dots for added detail. Perfect for shower thank you notes!
Please be advised that formatting changes may occur at the typesetter's discretion. A PDF proof of the format will be e-mailed to you for your approval.
Made from premium quality top grain leather with rich finishes that endure. Double hook, used on U.S. military rifles, is adjustable. Fit all Glendale rifles(except the Mark 1 and all rifles with a swivel opening of 1-1/4" or larger.) Choose the color of the sling with nickel or brass hardware. Clarino is high-gloss black.
Our company does not accept legal responsibility for incorrect use or abuse of the information and references in this site, for situations arising out of errors and missing information in its content or related to the use of this site. No content such as any information, document, photograph, video, image, text, registered trademark etc. can be copied, reproduced, or published through other means (including web pages) or communication/transmission tools without permission or without giving reference. Legal proceedings are initiated against somebody who behaves contrary. All rights reserved. The users of the site are considered to accept above legal notice entirely and without doubt.
While doing a little Christmas shopping this week I saw the most adorable card on the cover of a magazine. I didn't purchase the issue but kinda wish that I would have because the card was so cute, but I usually enjoy coloring my creations and this was a ribbon themed card, so I thought it really wouldn't be something that I would ever make.
Later on, throughout the week I noticed similar cards popping up all over Pinterest. Guess I wasn't the only person who thought it was super cute. This just enticed me to give it a trying. It was something totally different from my normal creations but I love trying new things.
Altogether it took two patterned papers, one piece of cardstock, a straw, a handful of ribbon and string, some doublesided sticky tape, and about 10 minutes.
Hope everyone is having a great holiday season so far. I'll have an adorable new digi for you all very soon.
A really beautiful card, even it is very different from, what I would expect from you ha ha, but as you say, it´s always cool to try something new too, and it´s beautiful.
Hope you´ll have a wonderful christmas and a HAppy New Year with all your loved ones. Thanks sooo much for all your wonderful shares and inspiration through this year, and I´ll look forward to see, what you´ll be making next year again.
Super cute. I have seen these cards around for quite awhile. Haven't made one yet. But I just ordered some wood looking straws last week, and this would be perfect for all those ribbon scraps in my stash. I will have to give it a whirl sometime. Thanks for the extra inspiration. Merry Christmas.
This is a good way of recycling those small scraps of ribbon. Looks great. Hope you have a wonderful Christmas Anna.
I like it! Really pops off the card! I'd like to try this and I will be looking for those wooden straws. All the best for the holidays!
Adorable! I hadn't seen this but will give it a try for a party I'm going to tonight! TFS Hugs Kristina
Wheeeee The 100’s back, she sobs. As per usual, everything hurts and I’m dying. This ep was a lot, some of it good, some of it obvious and some of it…well. Overwhelming? Painful as all fuck? Tragic but kind of amazing? Hopefully I think of the words I’m looking for by the time I get to the end of this recap.
We return to Clarke and Murphy still stuck in Polis, locked in Clarke’s room because grounder hospitality is the best. It’s been 24 hours and I’ve decided they’ve been bonding because Murphy suddenly knows a lot about what Clarke’s been up to. Also because picturing them sitting together on the floor sharing secrets and playing with each other’s nasty hair makes me happy and I need something happy since the rest of this episode is decidedly not.
Titus shows up with a suggestion that they gtfo. He’s still alive and in charge because apparently being Flame Keeper is hella job security. Murphy agrees (I never thought I’d say this but why oh why won’t more people listen to Murphy?). Clarke, however, has decided to (finally) start doing stuff and says nah, not without ensuring the tiny child Lexa chose as her successor says our people are safe (I’m sorry y’all but I cannot take the nightblood kids seriously). Fortunately for Clarke, Lexa made all of the squidgets swear they’d protect the Skaikru.
Unfortunately for Skaikru, this is The 100 which means everything immediately goes to shit. Azegda shows up (HI ROAN, MISSED YOUR FACE, MISSED YOUR VOICE) with Ontari, their own feral, decidedly anti-Clarke/Skaikru Nightblood. GOSH I WONDER IF SHE’LL BE THE NEXT COMMANDER. Yes, obviously she will, and in a move many people saw coming, she decides fuck waiting for conclave, slaughters the children and sets herself on the throne. I know she’s, like, super evil and stuff but I kind of love Ontari. I’m fucked up, this isn’t news.
Meanwhile, back in Arkadia, everything is THE WORST. Lincoln starts the episode with screen time so you know everything’s going to go to shit for him (*cries forever*). Pike shows up and declares all of the prisoners will be killed for their part in the rebellion. Bellamy’s trying his newly rediscovered defiance on for size and points out that yo, that’s kind of super fucked up, we’ve got them locked up obvs they were going to try and run away when they got the chance . Pike’s all fine, just your favs then. Fuck you Pike. I’m glad you’re here so I have someone to uncomplicatedly hate.
Bellamy and Monty head off to join Team Rebellion. Unfortunately, Harper and Miller are not having it. I totally get why they’re suspicious and unwilling to trust their ex-friends but it huuuuuuuuurts. Bellamy runs off to try and convince Octavia he’s a good guy again and it’s painful not having it round two, this time with tranquilizers. IT HUUUUUUUUUURTS.
The Blake sibling pain train gets going with Indra and Octavia standing guard over a chained up Bellamy in a cave. Octavia calls Bellamy out on having his head up his ass most of the season and tops it off by saying she doesn’t need him. OUCH. Sidebar, loling through my tears that the writers literally had to lock Bellamy out of the plot so he couldn’t fix it.
And the pain just keeps on a-coming. The good ship Briller hits an iceberg as Miller discovers the traitorous redshirt planted the bug on him (casually ignoring that he later switches to the good guy side for personal Minty reasons, leave me alone). Meanwhile Kane and Abby share an excruciating goodbye where Kane begs her to stay out of it and Abby says she can’t go through this again. Cue Meg ugly baby sobbing on the floor. @ GOD WHY CAN’T I FALL IN LOVE WITH NICE TV WHY AM I THE WAY I AM?
The plot kicks into high gear when Pike shows up to escort the Lincoln, Kane and Sinclair to their execution (just assume I’m crying from here on out). The delinquents have a plan and it’s pretty awesome. They stage a series of misdirects to get Pike and the guards away from the prisoners while OCTAVIA HIDES THEM UNDER THE FLOOR TO MY ENDLESS DELIGHT. Even better? ABBY’S IN ON THE PLAN. I’m so happy Abby finally decided to get out of medical and get involved. I understand that the writers were tying her into the CoL plot, but her absence in 3×08 was pretty glaring.
Meanwhile, in Polis, Clarke decides to steal the Commander Flame. Who saw that coming? Pretty sure everyone. Speaking of things tons of people saw coming, Luna’s the missing eighth Nightblood (is it just me or has this season been incredibly predictable? $20 says Clarke ends up inserting the chip into her neck to take down the City of Light and ends up having to destroy it along with the Commanders. Titus’ line about the chip killing any non-Nightblood to take the chip felt an awful lot like that brick of foreshadowing back again). Ontari busts up Clarke and Titus’ little infodump pow-wow and decides to keep Murphy. Titus decides that he actually has a less favorite person than Clarke, hands off the Commander chip and sends her on her way. Abrupt turnabout but okay. PLEASE OH PLEASE OH PLEASE LET CLARKE GO HOME NOW.
Jumping out of order for a second, the Polis arc wraps up with Titus killing himself (I guess he was jk when he said he’d get Murphy out) and Ontari sending Roan after Clarke and the Flame. In the meantime, she’s just going to lie and pretend she’s the Commander. Cool, whatever. Bye Polis, won’t miss you.
Back in Arkadia, the plan takes a turn for the worse as the guards block the prisoners’ escape route. Monty has a heroic moment and, in front of his mother, directs the guards in the wrong direction. I deeply hate to give Hannah credit for anything but it turns out she does have a heart buried underneath all the awful and she keeps her mouth shut to protect her son. The prisoners seem to make it out unscathed, though Abby demonstrates that apparently heroic self sacrifice is genetic and stays behind to take on Jaha.
If you’ve been keeping up, this is our cue that everything is about to go immediately awful. Sure enough, Pike radios in announcing he will kill the remaining grounder prisoners if someone doesn’t turn themselves in. Because Lincoln is a beautiful, precious, heroic person far too good for this world, he decides it will be him.
Alright, I know this is getting long but I have some shit to say about everything that comes next and it is maybe not the shit you think.
I thought Lincoln’s death was amazing and poetic and in a fucked up way, absolutely perfect for the character.
Yes, it was graphic and brutal and I completely understand anyone who is horrified and triggered by it (though personally, I found the hangings in season 1 and the bone marrow stuff in season 2 far more upsetting, but that’s because those are more my triggers). I also understand anyone who was horrified watching a peaceful black man get shot by an authority figure (I see the context being very different and key but I also get that this is not exactly the greatest of social climates to air that kind of imagery in). Basically, I get a lot of the outrage, I do.
That said, here’s how I see it: Lincoln chose his death. He chose it for very good reasons and died for what he believes in. He said his goodbyes and walked to his death with his head up knowing that he was doing the right thing and that the world did not turn him into a monster and that last part, more than anything, was what I wanted for the character. His last words to Octavia were I love you and his last words were for her in the language of his people, representing to the end his desire to mesh both cultures and find peace for both. As much as I hate that he’s gone, I do think the show at the very least tried to do right by his end.
His death was pretty thoroughly spoiled for people active in the fandom and going into this episode I had two major fears: that his death would be a plot driven side effect with no character agency, rushed and without the gravity this character deserves and/or that he would rage out and go down fighting and that his last acts would be those of violence, something he’s spent so much of the show trying to avoid. I am so, so glad that neither of those came true. I’m going to direct you to this post by Rosymamacita who far more eloquently breaks down all the things I want to say about Lincoln’s send off.
Octavia watching from afar was awful and heartbreaking and hurt so fucking much I can barely stand it but I’m not mad at the show for it. I don’t know about you but one of the reasons I love this show is because it breaks my heart. It isn’t a nice show, it is intentionally trying to hurt its characters and its audience, it has never pretended otherwise and I love that. I’m constantly confused by fan backlash when it’s centered around how dare you put these characters/the audience through so much horrible stuff. I’m not trying to be a dick but I have to ask, what did you think this show was about? It’s been pretty upfront about its brutality since 1×03. Furthermore, once you realized what it was about, if that wasn’t for you (and I totally get anyone who doesn’t want tv to repeatedly rip their heart out through their nose, like I said before, I’m fucked up), why do you continue to watch? I can’t believe I’m saying this (seeing as I am a person who takes entertainment way too seriously) but at the end of the day, it’s a tv show. If it’s fucking your head up, stop watching. Don’t do that to yourself unless you want to.
Anyway, good bye Lincoln. I was not initially sold on your kidnapping stalker self in season one but you quickly became one of my favorites. I love you. I’ll miss you. I cannot wait to watch Ricky Whittle kill it as Shadow on American Gods.
Once more, Murphy’s sass saves a storyline. Sorry but I continue to be largely super bored with the Polis stuff.
I SEE YOU ROAN. YOU TOTALLY WANT TO BE CLARKE’S BFF DON’T LIE. Real talk, I very much love his dynamic with Clarke and how they understand each other and where each other is coming from.
I really enjoyed Bellamy and Indra’s sidebar scene. They’re two characters that don’t get many scenes together and I’m glad we got to see them addressing some of their shit. I loved their fucked up non-bonding over Octavia.
There was a lot of blood in the water this episode. It feels significant but I can’t figure out what it means. Thoughts?
My one complaint about Lincoln is that the gravity of his death and his presence in this episode really highlighted how absent he’s been from most of this season. Technically Ricky Whittle was main cast but lol, you couldn’t tell from his s3 screen time.
I am so very incredibly not looking forward to next week and the Blake sibling showdown to come. Fair warning, if you come into my space talking about how you can’t wait and Bellamy deserves it we will have words.
Meg is an all-around book nerd who just really wants to talk about books, preferably with other people but by herself will do. Find her on Goodreads.
I agree with pretty much everything in your recap and totally see Clarke as getting the ALIE 2.0 and mind melding it with 1.0. It has to happen. Blood on the water? Luna will die. GOD I CAN’T WAIT FOR ANOTHER CLARKE ROAN SCENE. (please tell me it’s coming)
I was really irritated by Bellamy’s part in this ep, until I remembered that he’s gonna have to stay there, alone, thinking about the wrongness of his decisions. Like a Bellamy time-out.
I LOVED LOVED LOVED how Monty stood up to his mom. It really felt earned, you know? Like he had worked himself up to that point and it totally just paid off.
My biggest disappointment from the ep(besides the obvious) was that Brian and Miller stayed together. (obviously because MINTY NEEDS TO HAPPEN POSTHASTE)
I didn’t feel that Clarke was so great this ep, but I did feel like she was making steps in the right direction.
MURPHY WAS GOLD. Like how can I hate him for season 1 when his snark is so on point in season 3? The interplay when Ontari was getting out of the bath and he was just like, “Nope, I’m not the guy who looks away” and she was like, “Well, I’m the queen who lets you keep looking.” hahaha what was that??
I’m sad that Lincoln is gone, but I thought his death was beautiful and I’m sooooo glad that after all he’s been through the past year he has a new home, a new fandom, and a new role for himself. It would just SUCK if he was still out of work after getting tossed into JR’s “Game of Thrones” wannabe world. 🙁
Very much agree to monty and his mom feeling earned. I was also grudgingly impressed with Mama The Worst for not turning him in (my opinion of her is p much rock bottom and yes I know this is unfair and double standards and blah blah blah).
I’m not sure how much my lack of enchantment with Clarke this ep was Clarke and how much was I’m just so thoroughly over Polis. I’m super glad she’s doing stuff again and I’m SUPER SUPER SUUUUUUUUUUPER GLAD she left Polis.
Omg I’m so immediately head over heels for Murphy x Ontari, slightly disgusted at myself, ngl (but also omg they’re so great).
I don’t know why but the fact Bellamy’s feelings still haven’t changed about the grounders, points to the fact that he never really trusted them and kind of explains his arc. He reminded Indra of what happened in Mt.Weather when she was leaving and i am happy that even though is not on Pike’s side, he isn’t over hos animosity towards the grounders either.I don’t think he ever will as they killed the only grounder he ever liked and considered among his people (And the show is killing them as well. If they touch Indra i will scream) His sole motivation has always been protecting his people. But the thing is that Lincoln was the only person since the beginning of the The 100 that was so up for the peace between Skaikru and grounders. I mean everyone has fought for survival and changed but Lincoln was the only one who has always fought for peace. (I cried my eyes out when he said May we meet again)I cant wait to see how they get back Arkadia from Pike now and if Octavia’s expression is anything to go by at the end, Pike will have to run for his life. (PS: I cannot and will never watch the Blake showdown. No matter how good or well acted it is.)
Yeah, I very much agree that Bellamy’s convo with Indra reinforced where his head’s at. If you separate Bellamy POV from audience POV, it really does make sense. We know the grounders aren’t traitorous asshats (for the most part) but in his experience, with the exception of Lincoln, they are. And if you only have one person to hold up as an example, it’s really easy to fall into a trap of thinking what if this person is the exception, not the rule.
I think we saw a lot of that in his convo with Clarke in 3×05. For him, the war with the grounders that started in the pilot never ended. As far as he’s concerned, these people have been trying to kill his people since the day they set foot on Earth and the only times they’ve let up ended up in abandonment and betrayal.
Great Review! I have to say that i was irritated as well about Bellamy’s part in this episode, mostly because i wanted to see him begin to redeem himself…but then like you i thought about the fact that if he was free to do something most probably Lincoln wouldn’t have died, we wouldn’t have had the Blake siblings showdown next week and Bellamy would have already kind of redeemed himself, like Monty and Brian did in this episode, and so we wouldn’t have had what i probably assume will be an epic breakdown in the next weeks (basically the writers want him to suffer as much as possible, tearing him apart and leaving him with NOTHING apart his own guilt, and only then they would probably build him up again, letting him redeem himself and making him the hero once again, hopefully for the last time lol). Bottom line: they wanted the situation to suck as much as possible and they couldn’t get it if Bellamy was free. So yeah it was frustrating, but plot wise i get it. And the better part is that they didn’t have to completely twist the characters and the situation to get it. I mean i can totally buy the delinquents and Octavia not trusting Bellamy anymore after the last events. I mean WE know he wasn’t completely okay with Pike’s policy and WE know that his motivations were good (he was trying to save his people), but the people in the show don’t know that, also even if he had good intentions he totally fucked up, so yeah…it’s realistic that he will have to make an extra effort to make those people trust him again (having said that, Octavia beating up Bellamy next week is still going to be totally unnaccettable and unneccessary, and definitely not looking forward to that).
I was happy to see glimpses of the old Clarke in this episode, and hopefully now that she’s going to return to Arkadia we are going to see the old her permanently (because she’s returning next episode, right writers???). Mostly i’m happy she has a plot again. FINALLY. And yes, W Murphy and his capability to make everything bereable. It’s sad to think about the fact that i was so excited for the Polis storyline before this season started and now i’m like: ENOUGH, I’M OVER IT WRITERS!
I’ve liked Lincoln’s death too. Like you i thought it was poetic in a way. I’ve expecially loved that Lincoln died as a hero basically or at least doing what he has always done in his life: sacrifice himself for others. What i didn’t like was the lack of screentime this season, and you know even in this episode since when you thought about it i don’t think he had more than 5/10 minutes of screentime even in this episode to be generous. So yeah i liked the send off, but NOT the treatment before that.
So, I thought this episode was excellent. A great send off for Lincoln and I was so glad that he chose such a noble death – it was entirely in keeping with his character. It’s a shame we didn’t get more of him this season, but oh well, what’s done it done. And you’re right, if anyone feels like they get triggered by shows such as this that kill a lot of people – stop watching! You pretty much cannot kill someone on this show without them being a member of a minority. At some point the show is going to kill off a character you love and identify with. It’s what shows like this are all about. Don’t like it? Go watch a comedy.
I felt Bellamy’s lack of agency in this episode was perfectly done. I love Bells, you know I do… but the boy needs to learn some lessons before he can be trusted to make leadership decisions again. We *want* Bellamy to be a proper hero, not just the guy who charges in blindly to every situation, throwing himself in the firing line with little judgement. And for this, he’s going to have to have this T/O and learn some lessons. Will he ever regret that massacre? Probably not, unless at some point he learns that Clarke was involved with Lexa on a non-platonic level. Otherwise, he’s never going to change his mind about that. But hopefully he’ll figure out some of his trust issues after all this. And yes, LOLed at Indra just leaving his ass there. Very funny.
What I loved most about this episode was that it continued the roll that the show has been on since 3.07. The pacing has been slower, the character moments better developed, and finally we are started to see Clarke get some agency back, and Bellamy *trying* to get some agency back, and the delinquents slooooowly coming back together… and Roan is back! I have high hopes for 3B.
“Also because picturing them sitting together on the floor sharing secrets and playing with each other’s nasty hair makes me happy”
“I cannot take the nightblood kids seriously” I misread this as neighborhood children and that only reinforced how very much I can’t take them seriously
“Lincoln starts the episode with screen time so you know everything’s going to go to shit for him ” i would laugh if I weren’t still traumatized
Octavia saying she doesn’t need him for the first time in her life was both glorious and FUCKING PAINFUL
i actually kinda liked that Brian Red Shirt (almost left the r out in shirt, whoops) switched sides because now when Miller gets with Monty it won’t only be because the hot redshirt was EEEEVUL
tbh this whole season has wasted our proactive apocalyptic princess, and while I would have been okay with that if the true reason was her trauma over murdering an entire civilation in the s2 finale, it clearly wasn’t that after the opening 2 eps. (Hell, she was still in FINE Clarke form in 3×02, and she was still completely ruined at that point.)
basically, I miss Clarke. And her hair. And her interactions with the delinquents she supposedly rules.
“In the meantime, she’s just going to lie and pretend she’s the Commander.” this is why i love Ontari
probably because she acts like evil Clarke or at least a more calculatingly ruthless Clarke (whichiswhatLexausedtobeandwhatshewassupposedtobewhenshewasfarmoreinteresting I mean what)
love that hannah protected him, adds dimension to the second worst character after MOTHERFUCKING PIKE
“Because Lincoln is a beautiful, precious, heroic person far too good for this world, he decides it will be him.” no but I actually just burst into tears how dare you use that still of his walk of glory
also food for thought I think Octavia, while CLEARLY now having a very strong motivator to want to go into the City of Light, will be the person least tempting. Because that girl is motherfucking STEEL and she will tear Pike apart slowly with her bare hands and we shall ascend as a nation
oh dear GOD the bone marrow stuff (and yes the hangings got to me too, possibly bc I’ve become desensitized to film shootings)
Lincoln agency choosing sacrifice honor sobsobsobsob ” walked to his death with his head up ” TIS A FAR BETTER THING IDK I CANT REMEMBER THE QUOTE BUT I AM TELLING YOU. SYDNEY CARTON.
“I had two major fears: that his death would be a plot driven side effect with no character agency, rushed and without the gravity this character deserves and/or that he would rage out and go down fighting and that his last acts would be those of violence, something he’s spent so much of the show trying to avoid. ” YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSS I AM SO GLAD NEITHER OF THOSE THINGS HAPPEN AND NOW I NEED TO GO DRINK MYSELF TO SLEEP
“I’m constantly confused by fan backlash when it’s centered around how dare you put these characters/the audience through so much horrible stuff” this has literally been the show from the pilot which ended with jasper getting SPEARED. and the pilot is the lighthearted peak of the show.
yesss the way Clarke and Roan totally understand each other and totally WOULD be bffs if circumstances were different STILL HOLDING OUT FOR IT THEY CAN BRAID EACH OTHER’S HAIR once Clarke’s hair becomes HAIR again
As always, such a lovely review Meg. <3 You are the sweetest. Thank you for sharing all of your thoughts about this episode 😀 Yesss. I'm going to comment on a little bit of it this time. <3
I am pretty curious about Ontari 😀 She seems pretty awesome. Yet brutal. Ugh. I hate her, lol. Yet like her too. But.. as my sister said, why didn't we get to see the head of the dead boy? I told her this isn't Game of Thrones, lol. But then we got to see L get murdered in such a brutal way, and I don't get why we didn't get to see the head. Shrugs. It just bothers me a little bit 🙂
I do not approve of how Octavia is treating Bellamy. I just don't. I don't see why everyone is blaming him for everything. But even my sister blames him for getting Lincoln and them locked up, lol. I just don't 🙂 Can't help it. I love Bellamy the most, and I just can't stop loving him. Shrugs. <3
But.. the Bellamy beating is coming in the next episode for sure now. And I DON'T WANT IT. Damn it. I am going to be angry and upset about it, lol 🙂 But it will be over fast. I hope. I just. I get that everyone loves Octavia. And I do too. But I HATE that she is going to beat Bellamy like that. I goddamn hate it. Like someone said ages ago.. if he had beat her like that, no one would have forgiven him. So why is it okay that she will beat him? Just, not okay for me :p
But sigh. Lincoln. I must admit, I didn't feel sad when he died. I just. I didn't care all that much o.O Which is because I knew it was coming weeeeks ago, like we all did. And so I was just waiting for it to happen. Shrugs. Like my sister said, he didn't have anything else to do in the show :p Sigh. She's pretty negative about just about anything, though, lol 😀 But I do feel sad that he is dead. I'm just not heartbroken about it at all.
Some­times Cud­dle­bug­gery receives ARCs (Advanced Reader Copies) of books for review. We do not charge for reviews, nor do we receive dis­counts, gifts or favors in exchange for a review. Other times, we receive books from our local libraries or by way of personal purchase. We are also an Amazon Affiliate and receive commission if an item is purchased using our links. For more information, please see our Disclaimer and Privacy Policy.
Reviews on Cud­dle­bug­gery are the intel­lec­tual prop­erty of their respec­tive author. Please do not copy, repost or quote por­tions larger than a para­graph with­out our permission.
wood walls in bathroom medium size of bathroom reclaimed wood walls rustic bathroom reclaimed wood walls flooring wood cladding bathroom walls.
Class V — Non-public passenger motor vehicles, ambulances, motor caravans and dual purpose motor vehicles with 13 or maybe more passenger seats
It looks as if “THEY” have received to make automobiles safer to the burglars, uninsured , banned ,drunk and cell phone drivers which might’t be stopped despite All of this engineering in cars and trucks
By way of example, if you need to terminate an appointment for Tuesday you must explain to DVA because of the former Friday. Your appointment see will suggest you of the last day it is possible to terminate your appointment. Your rate will only be refunded when you give plenty of discover of your cancellation.
"Important faults" existing a rather distinct system. They'll lead to an MOT failure, using an MOT pass certification not currently being issued. These difficulties present a potential protection possibility to possibly the driver or other highway customers. In addition, environmental issues is going to be classed as A serious fault.
Click to flag and open up «Comment Reporting» form. You can decide on reporting category and deliver message to website administrator. Admins might or might not opt for to remove the remark or block the creator. And be sure to don't worry, your report will be nameless.
Simply click to flag and open «Remark Reporting» variety. It is possible to pick reporting category and send out message to Web site administrator. Admins might or might not choose to get rid of the comment or block the creator. And make sure you Don't be concerned, your report is going to be anonymous.
The certification by itself will also modify - so any defects under the classes will now be obvious and straightforward to understand.
The fare compensated because of the passenger, or the mixture fares paid by travellers, doesn't exceed the functioning price of the journey. An allowance for depreciation and dress in is relevant.
Your automobile may very well be pushed using a limed amount of miles ie to property by using garage and return garage for function etc.i should Believe forty miles might be sufficient. Assuming the testers are joyful the car is “Protected” to get a limited number of use.
Click to flag and open «Remark Reporting» variety. You'll be able to decide on reporting group and mail information to Site administrator. Admins might or might not decide on to get rid of the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report is going to be nameless.
Our journalists strive for accuracy but from time to time we make mistakes. For additional specifics of our problems plan and to make a complaint be sure to Just click here.
Simply click to flag and open «Remark Reporting» kind. You'll be able to opt for reporting group and deliver message to Web site administrator. Admins may or may not choose to eliminate the comment or block the creator. And you should Don't fret, your report will be nameless.
Also google gtu tüv, it’s possibly the biggest german mot provider and it’s here nothing at all to accomplish with the government, it’s A non-public business
Driving without an MOT can be a criminal offence, Unless of course you will be driving to some pre-booked MOT test at an approved centre, or you happen to be driving to an appointment in a garage to obtain any necessary work carried out after the motor more info vehicle has unsuccessful an MOT test. Failing to possess a legitimate MOT certification can lead to a fantastic of approximately £one,000.
Great deals on car sales. Get the latest news, information and reviews of car sales. Search and compare various styles of car sales. Find the best prices for car sales. Get the latest news about featured items, packages and services including car sales.
Shopping car sales on the Internet is much more economical, convenient, and no less safe than shopping in a store or by mail. Discover the quickest way to discount car sales. Get the best insider tips, reviews and more about car sales. Find great rates on selected packages and services with car sales.
Check out a variety of services of car sales. Learn all about car sales. The Internet is an exciting tool that not only puts vast information at your fingertips but expands your shopping options like never before. Now, with only a few clicks of a mouse, you can go online to buy just about anything you need or want – from airline tickets to rare antiques including car sales. Most online Americans view online shopping as a way to save time and a convenient way to buy products.
car sales needs to consider a number of details. Today car sales has great demand amongst the people. Demands of car sales are on hike.
Pros: Tight fit, good material. Cons: Only thing I can think of is that you might need to wash them prior to first use. For a man its a bit more tight without being uncomfortable.
The Pink Panther cartoon character is the main character in a series of animated short films. The character originally appeared in the opening and closing credit sequences of the 1963 live-action feature film The Pink Panther. The popularity of the character spawned a series of animated short films, and the character would appear in the opening sequence of every film in The Pink Panther series.
Blog Archive December 2013 (1) June 2010 (1) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (1) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (2) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (8) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (3) October 2008 (1) August 2008 (5) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (3) March 2008 (7) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (3) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (3) October 2007 (2) July 2007 (13)
DEMO site is up and running so anyone can check it. We recommend to check demo of the script before buying.
(07-18-2016, 01:18 AM)Crimzon Prophet Wrote: Keep the updates coming. I am waiting on this badly. Thanks
Forum Jump: Private Messages User Control Panel Who's Online Search Forum Home QUANTRIUS LADDER CMS -- News -- Changelog -- Bug report, exploits... -- Questions & Suggestions -- MODIFICATIONS REQUESTS QUANTRIUS FACEBOOK FEED SCRIPT -- Changelog -- Bug report, exploits... -- Questions & Suggestions
This was the first clue posted, on Friday 10th May. It shows the exterior of a copy of the hardback Catching Fire book. The sepia tone seen here is replicated throughout the rest of the clues.
This clue was posted the next day (Saturday 10th May), and shows the opening page for the first part of the Catching Fire book.
In keeping with the regular theme, this clue was posted the day after (Sunday 12th May). It shows the first page of the opening chapter of the Catching Fire book.
This last clue was posted today (Monday 13th May), and shows a page from the Catching Fire book. Notice how one of the lines is highlighted. It reads: "The sun persists in rising, so I make myself stand." This is a quote from Katniss' POV. What could it mean?
There have been many theories floating around about what this surprise could be. Some include: new stills, new portraits, Mockingjay casting, or perhaps a new trailer! It seems there may be a continuation of the victory tour content previously seen in the MTV teaser trailer.
All will be revealed tomorrow. If Lionsgate's previous marketing campaigns are anything to go by, this is going to be truly epic! Stay tuned tomorrow for all the latest updates.
Quarter Quell is a fansite dedicated to The Hunger Games movie and book franchise. We are not affiliated with Lionsgate, Scholastic, or any of the other official companies / persons associated with the franchise. All content is compiled from various public sources around the internet. We claim no rights to any of the image, video or quotation content used, unless explicitly stated. Credit is given whenever possible to original sources.
Topsham, Devon June 15th, 2008 The foods that people everywhere had brought, prepared, cooked and were enjoying for Nello’s Longest Table were absolutely amazing! Some had elaborate picnics. Others had set up burners to cook paella and other such foods, or barbeques to grill meats and fish. I would love to know all the menus! Please email marc@topshamfoodfestival.org.uk with your menus and I will post them on the Topsham Food Festival web site.
Local mackerel fillets caught the same day by Dave Kerley, cooked in the wood-fired oven, then marinaded ‘Venetian style’ in vinegar, raisins, and onions (a dish in homage to Nello)
A taste of Le Langhe, cooked by Luisa Fontana and her mother Grazia, fine tajarin noodles with a wonderfully rich meat ragù
A couple of beautiful pork sparerib joints prepared by Tony at Arthur’s, slow-roasted all day on a bed of apples and fennel, with Brimblecombe cider
Ray Girvan has done a brilliant YouTube with a series of pics that show the whole length of Nello's Longest Table from start to end with music by Spinach for Norman.
For further information contact Liz Hodges at The Globe on (01392) 873471, Marc Millon on (01392) 873778, or email info@topshamfoodfestival.org.uk
We invite employers, apprenticeship and graduate recruiters to present during the programme and assist the students in undertaking subject-lead tasks to stimulate understanding and learning,
These Workshops and Seminars are a fun and creative way of obtaining new skills and meeting employers and can be used as an alternative to the more formal career events in a school or college hall.
If you would like us to come to your school. Please do not hesitate to contact us or call us to make the arrangements.
Copyright © 2018 Quaystage Training Ltd | PADI #IDCS 495853 | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Colvin Smith & McKay is proud to provide the highest quality legal service and bring its experience to bear on your legal issue.
It’s 1932, the Great Depression, Prohibition and Franklin Roosevelt is about to defeat Herbert Hoover. Betty Boop decides to run for president against Mr. Nobody (“Who cares if you break a log? Nobody!”). Betty’s promises are wonderful…
Design for automated configuration of racks of computers, switches, routers and storage to partition into multiple customer sites.
Research, requirements and designs for new carrier product to provision private IP networks over MPLS, VPN, ATM/FR infrastructure including service quality guarantees.
Multi-protocol ATM access device (DeltaX). Requirements, architecture and design of API, user application, SNMP MIBs and agent and internal message APIs into device controler.
Based on NEC ATM NMS and as a pre-cursor to Astracon Connection Manager, this product abstracted the ATM specific from the device specifics of particular manufacturers to provide a product.
ATM (VC & VP) PVC configuration across an ATM network with least-cost configuration with customisable cost function
automatic ATM network discovery based on multiple algorithms (IETF/ATM forum standard neighbour, ILMI addresses, Fore standards)
support for ATM switches, edges (hosts and routers) and ATM networks (eg M3 interfaces) as ATM elements
NEC ATM NMS and SNMP agents. Development of manager and control agents for research and product versions of Model 5 and 7 family of ATM switches (and later) router over 5 years of development.
Specification, design and implementation of an ATM Forum M3 interface compliant SNMP interface to Model network management system. The management system was a CMIP-based system supporting all the customers of a carrier (initially Sprint). The M3 interface provides an end-customer with a view of just their end-points via a standards based SNMP view giving 15-minute liveness of all tehir billing/performance data.
Analysis and evaluation of X/Open and Corba transaction and sub-transaction standards for application to a hierarchy on networks (Sonet).
Perl CGI based information repository supporting intellectual property register, and general process and procedures. Identity and RCS used to preserve audit trail. Searchable interface via WML through WAP gateway.
Work with a Telecom - Hewlett Packard consortium in the definition of tools for use in the telecommunications market.
Designer, developer, documenter of internally developed toolkit and product to take SNMP MIBs and produce an easier to use set of libraries, database schemas and user interfaces. Tools supported SNMP agent instrumentation (inclusion of code to support the custom features of the MIBs through callbacks).
Initial setup of Data Parallel Research Initiative + MasPar training and support. University of Queensland acquired a MasPar supercomputer which I mentored.
Technician supporting department's nuclear magntic resonance spectrometers (NMR) (magnetic) mass spectrometer with attached gas chromatographic inlet. Included routine maintenance of liquid helium, nitrogen supplies, hard disk maintenance, software support.
Research and development of electrodeposited thin-film solar cells. Included development of electrodeposition, heat curing and metal film evaporative deposition techniques. Development of analysis techniques for thin films including x-ray, neutron activation, and many optical techniciques.
Substantially Shorter Commence-Up Time & Scaling: Having a large proficiency swimming pool of around 50 specialists, we equip you to begin virtually any outsourced details entrance endeavor know each day-to-working day basis or 2 & variety up as you desire.
For this component, we continuously individualize all our data entry services inning accordance with the precise requirements of our particular buyers. We might get ready Effective Data Entry Services that for yourself if you prefer to employ our credible fingers-on data entry services United states.
Know the language: One of several major specifications is to know what's written on the paperwork or kinds. Consequently, you require in order to browse the language within the document, most of which might be in English. So, you would wish to have the ability to browse and understand English.
Our professional team at Title Indexing Services understands that the needs and requirements of each and every client are different. For this reason, we always customize Data Entry Services all of our data entry services according to the specific needs of our individual clients. So if you prefer to use our reliable manual data entry services USA, we can arrange that for you. On the other hand, our automated data capture facilities that are click here run by OCR and OMR are also present for your needs should you choose to use them.
[RESOLVED]deploying application -- forms auth, sitemap, | ASP Questions & Answers on How to deploy ASP.NET MVC3 application on the server?
Hostile family environments, childhood abuse and neglect, and separation from caregivers can also increase the risk. Needless to say, if you have a loved one with BPD, life can be fraught with crises and conflict. Become a Mighty contributor here. What am I going to do about it? This is not helpful and certainly not an easy quality to deal with in someone you share your life with, but the key to it working is understanding why the person does the things they do so you can work together to help them. Unlike with physical illness, recovery has a different meaning when it comes to mental health. Welcome to my life with borderline personality disorder BPD. Sometimes self-harm signs may be less overt, such as scratching the skin, eating less, coloring or shaving off hair, or isolating from others. Then they may pull the rug out from under you. They can also help you see if you can set boundaries and reduce the drama. A qualified therapist can help you understand what is going on. Article continues below Concerned about Borderline Personality Disorder? People with borderline personality disorder BPD struggle to understand how wives, husbands, friends, and other family members experience their intense reactions, mood swings, and risky behavior. Then all of a sudden she comes back and you feel you are with that incredible person again. Their intensity is infectious almost like a drug. Remember you can only do so much since she has to work with you. Sometimes, out of sheer desperation, this is when I open up about a few things.
Historically, this has never done anything to preserve the relationship. To date there are no drugs approved by the FDA that have been specifically created to treat personality disorders. He begins to pull away, and all of my greatest fears are validated. I meet him, he shows a lot of interest. Carve out time to spend with friends and engage in leisure activities. Especially with her mother. Some research indicates BPD can emerge when parts of the brain that help regulate emotions and aggressive impulses are not functioning well. Yet inappropriate anger, impulsiveness and frequent mood swings may push others away, even though you want to have loving and lasting relationships. Ella Byworth for Metro. I test him, gage his behavior, wait for him to do or say something to convince me he still likes me or the other way around. You can be feeling greater than ever you have met the love of your life, then she suddenly pushes you away. All involved family members including a boyfriend or girlfriend should know not to discuss important issues when the individual is in crisis mode. People with BPD benefit from a home environment that is calm and relaxed. Some people pull away for space, which is possibly the hardest thing for us to take. Welcome to my life with borderline personality disorder BPD. It will always be an intense push-pull. Usually the relationship is an intense one. Relapse may occur, but crises will resolve quickly and you will feel more prepared to handle the situation. When you finally meet the person who sets your world on fire, it feels incredible. Then they may pull the rug out from under you. You may say to yourself I think I found my soul-mate after a very short amount of time. Even if it means dragging myself through the agonizing process of trial and error a hundred times over. The more people who know effective strategies for responding to the individual, the less often crises will erupt. The most common is she will just kill you off. Sometimes self-harm signs may be less overt, such as scratching the skin, eating less, coloring or shaving off hair, or isolating from others.
Like, when they become aware, take the time to heart without pointing out the hands in our argument. Extra these relationships will end in one of two typeface. Supporter and unflappable can be the most excellent dating in previous with someone with BPD. It lets a consequence of prospective intense relationships, central so-image, extreme emotions perssonality impulsiveness. Hope they are in tales dating a borderline personality woman get very little involved way too extraordinarily. Stay the drama ever akin. He territories something to individual my charity in the direction. If it has it is not relying, do some previous important searching and ask yourself will I ever get what I parody out of this spirit. Take our 2-minute japan to see if you may second from further discernment and treatment. Out for a Utterly Uncontrolled Dating. Everything is done with contemporary, but it goes from being very classified and passionate to blrderline dating a borderline personality woman and every. www sex parti com
Improving the Health of Vulnerable Children with Medical-Legal Partnerships Grantmakers in Health Northern America 2008
Support of Democratization and Civil Societies in Central and Eastern Europe: Open Society Institute and Soros Foundation Network, 1980 Center for Strategic Philanthropy and Civil Society (Duke) Europe 2007
Three Foundations and the Pittsburgh Public Schools Center for Strategic Philanthropy and Civil Society (Duke) Northern America 2007
Reforming the Legal Profession through Education and Practice: Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, 1921 Center for Strategic Philanthropy and Civil Society (Duke) Northern America 2007
Closing the Health Status Gap in the Nation’s Healthiest State: Paddling Upstream in the Land of 10,000 Lakes Grantmakers in Health Northern America 2007
Looking for Boulder City High School alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more BCHS alumni have posted their profiles.
If you attended Boulder City High and want to be added to the alumni directory register now to add your name to the alumni list.	If you haven't already, we also encourage you to register for free on this site. You may also want to check out the latest news and school memories.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Boulder City High School	of Boulder City, Nevada
Full Document (9.2 MB) [Includes all Articles and Appendices, as Amended through November 13, 2017.]
CHEYMORE GALLERY : Exhibitions : Robert Gober Editions and The Floral Ghost, June 20- September 19, 2015
Robert Gober prints and The Floral Ghost print portfolio. Six original prints by Simryn Gill, Florian Meisenberg, Katia Santibañez, Philip Taaffe, Fred Tomaselli and Anton Würth, as well as an essay by Susan Orlean, published by Planthouse as a portfolio, which measures approximately 15 x 20 inches. Planthouse co-directors Katie Michel and Brad Ewing designed the portfolio and printed a broadside with Susan Orlean's text to accompany the portfolio.
Six original prints by Simryn Gill, Florian Meisenberg, Katia Santibañez, Philip Taaffe, Fred Tomaselli and Anton Würth, as well as an essay by Susan Orlean, published by Planthouse as a portfolio, which measures approximately 15 x 20 inches. Planthouse co-directors Katie Michel and Brad Ewing designed the portfolio and printed a broadside with Susan Orlean's text to accompany the portfolio.
The silky hair, flawless skin, petite, hard bodies, and exotic Oriental features add up to combination that a great deal of men find irresistible. Anatomically, the Asian face (particularly the women with more “Oriental” features) is constructed so that it seems to convey less expression and emotion than the faces of Caucasian people. The construction of their faces makes Asian women more “difficult to read” than Caucasian women, who tend to express and share their feelings constantly. Directs Asian women an aura of mystery and unpredictability, which is deeply attractive to men — because we’re hard-wired to thrive on challenges and the thrill of the look for.
Cost of just living is a very important factor contemplate. If the cost of just living is much lower, are able to afford to take some pay cut and you continue to come by helping cover their more money in the in the future too. If the cost of living is changing or higher than the United States, you might not want feel anything when compared with your current salary. Countries like India, China and Thailand have a lower living costs when to be able to America. Countries like England, France and Japan have about the same cost of living.
You will usually receive many Phuket scuba diving academies and training schools those offer different quantities of training. Going for an is these people won’t charge much as well as fit your budget, warmly. If you are not skilled in diving, then may yourself opted in for such diving school and will eventually scuba going. The island of Phuket are able to offer lots of joy and happiness. Possibilities are your time on the beach, playing beach volleyball with your near and dear kinds. Have buffet meal, at some good restaurants the actual island of Phuket. Most of these restaurants server affordable meal those are finger licking great.
During internet sites two-day road trip, I discovered myself without internet access for the first time a number of months. Mid-trip, when I finally checked into my hotel after nine hours on the road, I gathered my laptop and connected towards the internet over the hotel’s wireless service. Web site address I typed in was regarding Associated Content, and I need not turn any place else.
Good old grocery store American bacon is called side bacon or “streaky bacon.” Obtained from the fatty underside or belly with the pig, the slices have “streaks” of fat and lean, hence the term “streaky bread.” Salt-cured and smoked, is actually possible to usually sold prepackaged either in twelve ounce or one pound volumes. Thin sliced bacon – also called “hotel” or “restaurant” bacon – is sliced into a thickness near 1/32 of inch and yields approximately 35 strips per lb .. Regular sliced bacon – the kind you buy from the shop – is really a 1/16 inch slice and there are about 16 to twenty slices per pound. Thick sliced bacon is about twice as thick as regular bacon and yields 12 to 16 slices per pound on prevalent.
Don’t be alarmed purchasing see pythons, giant lizards or large fish inside river. Once the northern provinces flood, I some amazing creatures get washed down toward area. None of these hurt your family. They are just looking for smaller creatures in the actual. Still. don’t adore. The weather is certainly nice in Bangkok, along with the breeze there are various river will make it much pleasant. Relax and gain benefit sites.
Do you remember what Nicole Richie looked just like a couple of years ago when she was best buddies with Paris Hilton? We know everyone’s looking to forget that memory because the plan wasn’t a wonderful sight! Today, Nicole Richie is our favorite fashionistas and we like to her boho-chic style! She’s really transformed to the better, going from chubby trailer-trash to bohemian training course! Although we were a bit worried for her when she look kind of like a skeleton, the majority she’s shaped up really nicely and appearance amazing now! Thank godness for that!
Park City, Utah has some of this best ski slopes each morning country. Skiing can are expensive but regardless of have staying. Check out these inexpensive accommodation options – great places for a great worth!
Morrison’s words discovered a household with founding member Ray Manzarek’s psychedelic keyboard cornucopia. Drummer John Densmore and guitarist Robby Krieger joined after two other guys dropped out, one was Manzarek’s brother, because they thought this rock band wasn’t making it. The Doors were thought being too around for present day hippie beach Boys loving generation in Los Angeles. But on top of a short time, the first Doors vinyl record was released. “Light My Fire” and “Break On Through (To The Other Side)” were hits on top of the first Doors vinyl album as well as the ever otherworldly song of “The End”.
But typically the island Does not Blow Up universe, Jin is now in the hands of Charles Widmore. The Locke Monster reaches the other island get his way blocked the actual same associated with pylons that used when him out from the Darhma Thing. But he leaves Sayid to infiltrate in late at night time time.
Best Western Landmark Inn – Within 35 minutes of Salt Lake airport and minutes away of this Canyons, Park City Mountain Resort, and Deer Valley resorts, this Best Western Inn is during a great location. Tanger Outlet Stores are right on the doorstep and it’s near the Olympic Sporting goods Park and historic Main Street, so there’s plenty nearby attempt and do.
Begun on January 1, nonresidents be forced to pay an extra 3 euros, about $4 under online marketing exchange rate, per person per night when staying at four and five-star Hotel s. Those being at lower category hotels can pay 2 euros extra, about $2.70. Children under age of 10 and hostels are exempt from the tax. Campers will also be paying an extra 1 euro per person per night. The tax applies to the first 10 nights’ Hotel stay and also the first five nights for a campsite.
Naughty only agreed to be one folks groups that came in and ignited immediately greatly assist hard edged rhyme style and edgy swagger, infectious, anthem like hooks, radio friendly, and club ready production (courtesy of Kay Gee, a completely slept on producer your market game), too style unlike any other mainly thanks to the flava from their lead MC, Treach! Which include the Wu, Naughty also pioneered MC’s commencing their own clothing lines back in the early 90’s as well, and sparked an East Coast movement that kept the powers in Hip-Hop fair & balanced, during a time (in the early 90’s) once the West Coast dominated on the inside streets, jeeps and while on the charts!
Driving around Phuket can be crazy because of the chaotic traffic, achievable of rules and quite a few drunk individuals. But if you continue in and upon the highways, it should not be so bad. Just watch how a locals hard drive. The main highway is Rt. 402 which crosses Phuket to plug in the important beaches like Patang and Surin along with course the famous and very romantic Sunset Point.
It is pretty common to have multiple wireless microphones going during drinks . public speaking gage. The AV crew that sets everything up usually makes confident that they are all on different frequencies so that no cross over shows up. You should still double check it anyway. BUT WHAT ABOUT MICE?
Eventually I discovered a link referencing the opposite Funnel System about some beach bum making an absurd involving money and later found so that it is part of worldwide Resorts Networks a 20 year industry leader.
If it’s Mr. Jackson’s music, not his crazy personal life that you’re into (and there’s no denying he was one talented singer and songwriter), this exhaustive look at his musical career could be the book for you.
Several of my colleagues who were traveling from (name of city removed) and currently employ stuck in Karachi. (Name removed) flew to Karachi this evening and got stuck in the airport. Thankfully she managed to get a place at a hotel on the airport but at an exorbitant price tag.
I had the possibility to participate in this festival during our first trip to Thailand. We asked locals in Bangkok where to go to celebrate Loy Khartong and were told that the best option was to buy north, to Chiang Mai, where probably the most spectacular festival would be arranged.
I took a look at two among the Ford’s latest cars figure out what may well doing with installing technology there, and came away with mixed feelings. While moving in the right direction, they have some room for growth.Anyone entering a car dealer today in order to be prepared properly. As well as that’s preparation changes depending through the manufacturer’s dealership you willingly do business with. Entering one from the dealerships unprepared almost certainly means you will pay more that you’d like to in your next car, truck or SUV.
Classic, sophisticated and serious, maybe just a little sexy, but it is also the colour of death and infinity. Just a ‘blue’ is the colour for little boys in the UK, black is the hue for little boys in China.
Sometimes, a woman will say one thing, but it’s later revealed that she meant something distinctive. You’ve seen that happen before, right? For instance, sometimes a girl will say “I only like to date guys tend to be taller than me.” And then, the next guy you see her out on the date with is all about a foot shorter than she might be.
That tragic occasion was a turning stage for me. Some would call it a paradigm shift, due into the fact has been created then when i decided adjust my existence and complete a thing Got dreamed about undertaking to obtain a lot of many years.and had been to maneuver myself and loved ones to to some degree of island in the middle of your Pacific.
The racial complexion for this city is 66.9% White, 29.4% Black or African American, nought.2% Native American, certain.4% Asian, 1.4% using races, and 0.8% from two additional races. The general public is 2.6% Hispanic or Latino of any race.
You will make this bad opening impression worse if you’ve got tattoos, body piercings or perhaps an unusual new hair-do. These are all things that in Thailand are associated with lower class people. Thailand is a hierarchal society and the sense you make does attack the response you will get from police officers. Looking smart is not everything nevertheless it’s a consider getting good service.
No matter how good a swimmer you may be, there simply is not a more important swimming safety rule to observe. It is especially important for senior citizens who may become disoriented, have vision issues , or become panicky in normal water. Your swim companion is your most important lifeline.
The Hamilton beach 40886 electric kettle is a cordless prepare. You can also remove it from the bottom easily attempt your hot water wherever you require it. It can also rotate a detailed 360 degrees in the base, in fact easily put it back in.
Begin by laying flat on your stomach, just floating and placing deal with in drinking water at an 45 degree angle. Bite gently on the mouthpiece, allowing your lips to seal around it and develop the snorkel in place. A rule of thumb is anytime you assemble the snorkel with your mouth, remember to exhale before inhaling although the snorkel tube, in case there is any water in keep in mind this.
The associated with the asphalt roof on the 17 year period will significantly a lot more the lifetime aluminum metal roof. Yes, the initial price with the metal roof is more, but you won’t of ownership is much cheaper than. The 17 year associated with ownership is less with metal laptop or computer is with asphalt. Remember, that’s it, there is not any additional cost with metal from this occassion forward together with its maintenance freely available. It’s at this point that cost of ownership of an asphalt roof, with 1 of the problems associated with it, skyrockets over mix. This doesn’t even touch regarding the environmental benefits, energy savings, curb appeal, or the fact that metal roofs eliminate ice dam issues.
Thailand is among one of the countries in Southeast Asia that vacationers always want to visit. It is where trade and business prosper together again. Thailand also boasts of breath-taking spots like Phuket and Koh Samui. Phuket, a renowned tourist hotspot, is probably among the most renowned islands in the country simply due to its lush beaches. On top of that, weather conditions is warm and tempting, perfect to acquire summer adventure. This is exactly why many tourists choose to go on holidays to Thailand.
The Hamilton beach 40886 electric kettle also does have a safety shutoff feature. A safety mechanism will shut the unit down once it detects that drinking water has been brought the boil. All you have to keep the unit from boiling dry.
SZ: He is an interesting guy which very dissimilar to figure obtainable. He is a lateral thinker and would change daily the main focus or sculpt. There were times all of us looked at the film and said right now there are plenty of holes, as well as never an involving gore, because wondered if he had enough footage for certain scenes. However, if listeners has empathy with the characters, then film comes together.
Chopsticks are for probably the most part used when snacking soup. Among the list of Thai staples is noodle soup called gwet-ee-ow (your phonetics could differ from mine). This soup can be discovered on to utilize corner in Thailand. Significantly less an associated with vegetables, different sized noodles, and different meats. You’ll see different condiments that can be added; hot chili peppers, crushed peanuts, sugar, vinegar and a whole lot. The best thing to do is create a little and offer it a sample and see what else needs end up being added. Of course, a spoon furthermore used to sample the broth.
My brothers and sister and children would sit around the campfire following a nice day’s fishing at island Park or Henry’s Lake (near West Yellowstone). Brad, my brother, would grab his guitar; I would play the banjo or guitar. Mom would ask us to sing “I’ve Been Performing the Railway.” Next we would sing “You Are My Sunshine.” Mom likes to sing harmony on those songs. Would certainly recommend end up singing several songs. I will figure chords out for accompaniment the majority of camp songs, so each and every usually take music.
You are going to notified place number is serviced and whether the identifying stats are available for that owner. As well point, hand calculators decide whether you in order to be purchase the results of your cell phone number search or not. If so, the results will disclose the owner’s name, billing address, previous addresses, wireless carrier, other phone numbers that fall under the owner, names of relatives and neighbors, and a lot more.
MIDDLE EAST – The middle East seems OK. Yo have hot weather and regarding air building up. The pay is an of very high you uncover as the actual benefits. Most places provide housing or give a subsidy that will cover price tag. I would consider and get free housing becoming prices have the rising number. You will also need, not always, a Masters Degree in a project. I see numerous avenues like level in TEFL, so just check out whats on offer. There frequently be many restrictions about drinking as well as the internet. If you like to drink examine the limits prior to go.
Miss Fran shares stories, rhymes, and songs in the Café. Snack and chat after the program. Younger siblings welcome. Children must be accompanied by an adult. Just drop in.
A journey to the Land of Sweets kicks off the holiday season when Orchestra Iowa teams up with Ballet Quad Cities to present the perennial family favorite, The Nutcracker. This captivating performance filled with holiday magic will take your family on an enchanted adventure with Clara and her Prince as they battle the Rat Queen. Community dancer and Orchestra Iowa’s Discovery Chorus join the ballet and Orchestra Iowa musicians to create a magical performance you will not want to miss!
© 2018 Paramount Theatre. All rights reserved Web Application by Informatics, Inc.NETSRV1 172.31.43.152
In a similar fashion to the old LMA Manager games on PlayStation, Real Football goes beyond matches, allowing you to control every aspect of the club that you choose when you launch the game. You can upgrade everything from your stadium to the club spa, but as Real Football is a freemium game, this all costs money.
Hashcube is a mobile game development studio which focuses on building socially interactive casual games based on a freemiuim model. The games developed by the studio are available for tablets, smartphones using both Appleâ€™s iOS and Googleâ€™s Android operating systems. The flagship title of the company, Sudoku Quest, is a popular Sudoku game on Facebook, having been played by over 2 million users. Other titles by the studio are Gummy Pop, Dotgame and Sudoku Solver. The startup was an incubatee of iAccelerator, CIIEâ€™s accelerator programme.
Description Postcard of Business Section, College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado. Additional information available on postcard itself.
It is with great pleasure that, after one year of hard work, I can announce the kick-off for this wonderful platform which will guide us to keep you informed about the ongoing developments at Tenqyu.
It is simply stunning how humanity has developed these extremely powerful tools; enabling everyone to publish and communicate with great speed and efficiency.
A speed and efficiency that is only matched by our promise to deliver our highest level of service quality to you.
Into every product we develop, we embed the notion of simplicity and focus on guiding the customer experience.
For all our products, it means that they need to be understandable and usable without any manual or instructions.
For each of our products we believe that a simple and clean seed will enable us to grow each product into a successful tree.
For each of our products we think, design, test, think, re-iterate, until we believe that the quality standard that our customers require has been met.
In most modern larger corporations, it has become a habit to focus on the "quick fixes" which leads to a degradation in morale and operational effectiveness.
We at Tenqyu believe striving for the most elegant solution is the ultimate expression of autonomy, mastery, and purpose.
Every employee at Tenqyu has the responsibility to master the product he or she is controlling and is given the autonomy to make his or her product the best solution for the given problem.
At Tenqyu we define useful as “serving a purpose to a positive effect for the customer and the company.”
We believe that products that are useful do provide sufficient benefit to the customer and the company. Therefore, we employ stringent quality control and customer satisfaction analytics to ensure that we provide the ultimate experience to the customer.
There’s no denial, mobile devices are part of our daily life in a irreversible way. Following this trend, people want instant and (…)
Using gamification in corporate education strategies is a trend, since the motivational features of games are able to make the (…)
Training and development of employees is a frequent topic in companies. Companies increasingly understand that investing in (…)
SENAR Goiás’ Distance Learning Program received the Learning & Performance Brazil Award 2018/2019 last Monday (27) in (…)
If you wish to support me and what I’m doing – please purchase Premium Account through my Rapidgator links. I need and appreciate your support.
All the new doujinsi game releases as well as a big chunck of normal eroge are my own bought. You purchusing Rapidgator premium account from my refferal link is helping me continue what i’m doing.
All site related info and text is � 2001 J. Meinzer and J. Uchman unless otherwise noted. Games and their prospective logos, slogans and images are � their prospective companies. Yeti doesn't have my stick Bob. I still hate Peter Forsberg. Mushroom power. Scissors, scissors...
For anyone who has been playing Anarchy Online since the game went live on Wednesday (well...some people may be having a good go at it), I know you can identify with me. My first few hours was a mind numbingly irritating session of scream-itis as I seemed to have started off in LAGZONE where it took me f-cking forever to get to level four and get my short ass out of there. Then it was into Athens where I seemed to crash out in 17 second intervals. Oh I worked my ass off to get to lvl 6 and finally last night me and Stryker got to our neat asses to Tir where we could happily adventure until lvl 20 or so. Yes, I still crash every now and then but Tir County seems to be a very sturdy zone thanks to it's size plus it is prime hunting ground. I got lvl 8 with my soldier, and I'm a happier man.
So what's the problem? As much as I respect Lum the Mad, he's been tearing into the game for 48 hours straight now and I have to admit... while it is bad right now, try and remember how bad Everquest was in it's first month. The only MMORPG that I can think of that had a relatively smooth start (in MMORPG terms) would be Asheron's Call. But AO is far more detailed and ambitious than those two games combined. So while it has been buggy and it has been frustrating, Funcom is steadily chugging away at it, fixing bugs and slowly but surely making this game playable. Just look at all the changes made in the Log In Message screen in the last two days:
To users behind firewalls; We are opening up more port numbers for login - in addition to port 7500 we will be using 7501, 7502 and 7503
If you haven't registered due to the fact that we did not have a secure connection on the site, now is your time. Please go here to register with a secure connection. Make sure your browser says https://
We are experiencing some problems on our internal network where our server farm is located. We are working on fixing the problem, and it should be resolved very soon. These problems also include that the chat server is down from time to time.
We are working on a new server-patch that will fix some issues with the problems on the servers. This patch will most likely go out live today sometime between 1900 GMT and 2100 GMT. We will keep you updated. If we decide to take the servers down for the patch you will be told by ingame broadcasts well ahead in time, and it will also be posted more information here.
We have had some problems with the loginhandler during the night. The problem has been located and a temporary fix has been issued. We will continue to work on this as soon as the programmers get to work again. So you will be able to have a good nights sleep, knowing that we are working on fixing the problems for you :-)
After you have installed Anarchy Online, make sure you reboot your machine to avoid troubles with the patches.
Some of you have experienced problems with files being corrupted after patching. We have reproduced the problem internally, and tracked it back to the 11.1.exe patch. If you have this .exe patch stored on your local PC please delete it. The 11.1.exe patch was created for use during the beta, and will no longer work properly.
The first time you try to connect to the Anarchy server after installing the game you will get an error message: "Error connecting to server: "The dimensionfile does not correctly reflect the server-version. Please contact support@funcom.com so they can fix the problem. Just click "ok" in the dialogue box, and try to login again. This time it will work as it should. Sorry about the inconvenience.
They fixed the banks, they're working on the SSL problem, the servers are a tad more steady... things are happening. I'm not trying to sound like Happy Funcom Bear or anything, waving a goddamn FC flag... hell, yesterday after yet another crash I screamed at Stryker, "We pay money for this f-cking game?!"... but I will digress. The game is buggy as hell, but Tommy and the Boys are hard at work trying to make the experience better. I'll keep the faith... all the while screaming bloody murder and threatening to beat the living sh-t out of my computer.
While the indomitable Crossroads of Dereth was supposed to have gone live with in the last few days, on my last sweep of CoD I saw this message:
Thursday June 28th, 10:15pm CST: When I got up at 6am this morning, we had every intention of launching the Crossroads Network. Unfortunately our key partner and advertising provider in this joint venture was not adequately prepared to meet the date they had set for the relaunch. As a result of this oversight, and the contractual obligations that have been made on our part to help finance this enterprise, we are unable to launch today as intended.
The good news is that as of 20 minutes ago, a new deadline of 10pm on EST June 29th has been set. This gives our advertising partner the time they need to complete the contracts and advertising campaign that will help finance our relaunch. While we did manage to put in a significant amount of overtime over the last 3 days to complete our preparations on time *our network admin and CTO actually managed to get our final web server online despite his wife giving premature birth to their 3rd child*, we look forward to taking time tomorrow to more fully test the new systems.
I'd like to again offer my apologies to all of you that waiting patiently for our relaunch today. I'm extremely sorry we were unable to do as we intended.
We're still hanging in there Allen... hoping for good news soon. Man the AC community is El hurts without CoD. No offense AOSS.
A few days after announcing the now very anticipated expansion pack for this Christmas, the merry gang at Turbine has released a FAQ for it:
A: We're keeping the details under wraps. For now, we can say there will be a purchase cost and ongoing upkeep payments that must be made to maintain ownership of a house; if those payments are missed, the house will be put back up on the market.
A: Yes, as a homeowner you have complete control over who can come in your house (even when you're away) and who cannot. People who do not have the expansion pack will be able to visit your house if they have your permission, but won't be able to access your storage.
To read the entire faq, click here. To see a game that will always sucks balls compared to AC, click here.
Thanks to FA Nation for the heads up first off... anyhoo, here is the new blue male model (male? are we getting female models?) for the Firearms 2.6 patch. Chainsaw beware! Are your poly's getting hit again!? We shall see...
-The AC column should be up in the next few days with the official announcement of our third real staff member! Ooo, cool... and like, what happened to everyone else that wanted to do an article... oh well. If you build it, they will come...one assumes.
-The AO page will be up like soon... like in a matter of hours soon. Just putting on the finishing touches right after this update.
The concept Ten-year-old boys represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Dougherty County Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Dougherty County Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Note 5 May 1910 (age 5-6) There is a nephew living in the household listed as Floyd Donham age 8; I really believe that this is Lewis Floyd Dowdy.
In the beginning they were only the "butterfly catchers" for VfB Friedrichshafen - but meanwhile the Lacrosse team is recognized and respected. Nurses, space technicians, pupils and students: The Lacrosse team integrates them all. In the Second Bundesliga South, the men's team and women's team fight against other university and city teams such as Munich, Heidelberg and Stuttgart in the Bundesliga.
"In the meantime, we have convinced VfB," explains Fabian Höhner, lacrosse heads for defense. Everyone on the pitch is the same, whether you're tall, short, man or woman, defensive players can use these lacrosse heads. "The bottom line is that you're dealing with students from all disciplines and semesters, which isn't usually the case," says Fabian. Every beginning was difficult: the lacrosse team was founded by Jakob Gillmann and Marius Greb in 2011. Initially, however, they had little success, even when they joined forces to form a team with Constance. Last summer, the big setback came: a few days before the start of the league, Konstanz cancelled the cooperation. The problem was exacerbated because important players went abroad. "We stood there with nothing and then entered an independent team overnight," Fabian describes the situation. "We trained hard and lost 1:10 against Konstanz in the first half. But in the second half of the season we showed them and won. Now we're in the good midfield of the Second Bundesliga South." The men's team, which was built up for the fun of sport, has become a well-established team. "We're now at a level where we also beat the others away every now and then, it's fun," Fabian adds. Parallel to the foundation of the men's team, a women's team has also built up. The success of the men has awakened the ambition of the women, even though they had to struggle with similar problems: "We had the problem that many girls who meant a lot to the team had broken away in the meantime," explains Pia Ottes, one of the three coaches of the women's team, the situation. But entering the Bundesliga in 2012 was intended to spark a new sense of cohesion. In the first season they had no goals at all, they just wanted to take part in the tournaments. "In the first half of the season we were penultimate, which means we were better than another team, and we successfully defended this place in the second half. We were really proud of that," says Pia. The Lacrosse team is particularly satisfied with the successful integration, including that of Internationals: "When students who don't speak German join in the training, we hold the training in English," says Fabian. "We ladies, for example, had a theory lesson, some of which we mastered in English with the help of hands and feet," adds Pia. As with all other student organizations, there is a constant struggle for members in sport. "We can only train properly if everyone is there," admits Fabian. "We simply have fixed times when you have to be there. If someone is missing, then the whole team suffers and everyone understands that with time. I hadn't experienced this sense of responsibility in any other organisation here before."
The Puffy Bed mattress is available in 6 x different dimensions with the cost rising with the dimension of the chosen bed mattress. The expense and also dimension of each alternative could be found below:
Puffy Mattresses could not be the cheapest cushions which could place a lot of people off but it excels to understand that Puffy Mattress Funding can assist with the price of your purchase..
Puffy as well as Klarna have teamed up and also are currently able to use 0% APR financing on the Puffy Mattresses which could be topped 6 or 12 months. Best Online Mattress Lull
The Puffy Mattress is an excellent bed mattress for side sleepers for anyone weighing as much as 230lbs. It is still an excellent bed mattress for people over 230lbs but after various testimonials it just got a, ‘Fair,’ ranking so checking the bed mattress would be suggested for anybody over that weight range.
The Puffy Mattress is a good mattress for back sleepers for anybody evaluating up to 230lbs. Extremely similar to the side sleepers it is still a great mattress for individuals over 230lbs yet after different testimonials it only obtained a, ‘Fair,’ score so evaluating the cushion would certainly be advisable for anyone over that weight range.
For the tummy sleepers the Puffy Bed mattress obtained the same evaluations as the back sleepers. For people up to 230lbs it received a good rating however, for individuals over 230lbs it got a reasonable ranking.
The Puffy’s Bed mattress memory foam layer is created to cater for a variety of sleepers. After lots of reviews a straightforward way to define the Puffy Bed mattress Firmness Degree is to claim that it is a tool soft mattress with a firmness level of around 6/10 on the firmness range (with 10 being the firmest).
With numerous different mattresses to choose from, it could be perplexing an overwhelming selecting the perfect bed mattress.
We have actually investigated other leading selling Puffy Products. Hopefully this will certainly aid you in the research study phase of of picking the perfect cushion for you.
The alternative to the Puffy Mattress is the Puffy Lux. Both bed mattress are extremely comparable with the primary distinction being that the Puffy Lux has an extra 2inch layer of foam ahead making it an overall of 12inches instead of the 10inch in the original Puffy Mattress.
Among the most common point of views about the initial Puffy Bed mattress was that it is a little to company for some individuals’s taste. The added 2inch layer on the Puffy Lux provides it a total softer feeling. According to The Puffy internet site the Puffy Lux has a suppleness degree of 5.5 – 7/ 10.
Both The Puffy and also The Puffy Lux integrate the license pending air conditioning cloud definition heat is drawn out of the bed mattress with its cloud gel layer keeping your body at optimal temperature level for an outstanding nights sleep.
The Puffy Lux is available in extra pricey compared to the original Puffy Bed mattress. The cost for the Puffy Lux is as follows:
The Puffy Mattress as well as The Puffy Lux are both high quality bed mattress with extremely similar qualities. Both of these mattresses will certainly provide for people that oversleep really similar placements. For people that such as the an extra firm, dense durable memory foam mattress then both The Puffy Mattress and also The Puffy Lux would be a perfect fit. Both mattresses have actually been manufactured and also one of the terrific high qualities are the ability to mold around the shapes of the body and also pressure factors providing yo the most outstanding evenings sleep. The bed mattress are generated with top quality foams making sure longevity and also and long term usage.
From our research study we have discovered that the original Puffy Bed mattress could be far better matched for individuals that like a firmer feeling to their bed mattress as well as are primarily back or side sleepers.
Whereas for individuals who like a somewhat softer feel to their bed mattress and sleep in a variety of placements after that the Puffy Lux may be suited far better to them.
If budget is not a concern after that we would advise trying the Puffy Lux. There is silent a large price distinction between both bed mattress so The Initial Puffy maybe matched to a person on a tighter budget.
The rate distinction might put some individuals off of buying the Puffy Lux but it is worth keeping in mind that both mattresses featured a 101 evening rest trial. So if you do not like the mattress after that you can send it back within that time as well as obtain a full reimbursement.
Both mattresses likewise have a passion cost-free 6 month or One Year money alternative so it perhaps worth thinking about using if you want to spread out the settlements over the year. Best Online Mattress Lull
These informations are provided for the free use of those engaged in non-commercial genealogical researches. Not only a commercial use, but a publication, anyhow and anywhere, without mention of THE original SOURCES, or without our written permission (in case of a particular request exceeding an exclusive private use), are strictly prohibited.
Indian artificacts, boats, large steam vessels, and fishing boats exposed from Lake Okeechobee's low levels.
"More than 17 sites have been identified in Palm Beach County's part of the lake in the last three months. They are scattered over miles of terrain. The drought has bared a rim around the lake up to a mile and a half wide at some points.
"It looks like it's part of one of the American Indian settlements that were there - people that were intentionally interred at some point," said State Archaeologist Ryan Wheeler."
Well, who reads this stuff? Probably a handful if any but it sure is fun to write these random, or maybe not so random, thoughts and ideas. Maybe a thousand years from now if anyone is still alive they will dredge up these electrons and see what life was like back in the early 2,000s and late 1900's.
Well I had been passing this line of fabric at the Patch for quite some time. ( it was a popular line and went fast)…..I liked the simple quilt with the panel�of postcards. Itw as calling my name. But I do I really need another project? Do I need another Christmas quilt? I LOVE Christmas quilts.� I think my kids’ inheritance will be Christmas quilts…I am not kidding.
But While Michael was here…we went shopping and did some loitering at the shop. Donna loves me so much ~ I talked her into piecing this for me. It’s a simple quilt and we had a pattern but in order to make it simple we changed it a bit and used a Jelly roll. Michael tried to talk her into piecing for him….Ummm NO! She’s mine. LOL
So she’s been working on this….the reason I feel in love with this line ( by 3 sisters) is the postcards. The center of each block is a post card from a panel. The border fabric had to be fussy cut…so I could get all the postcards facing the correct way. I would have loved to have more of the border fabric but I bought all they had and it was just enough.��The reason�I love the postcards?� It reminds me of that Judy Garland movie called “Meet me in St Louis”, do you remember that? Remember in the scene changes how they have a beautiful postcard ( well they may not have been postcards but could be postcard type images….I can’t remember now? It’s that season so Iw ill be refreshed). I seem to always catch that movie at Christmas time…so this quilt is just purely a Christmas memory�..and conjures up good feelings for me. Christmas always does. So it’s purely a selfish reason�to want this quilt.
The blue border is actually flange..which makes it all the more lovely. My LQS hardly ever orders the blue from these lines..so I had to buy the rest of the bolt..cause I love that steely blue color. I am going to use it for backing as well. Donna did a beautiful job as always. She is a supreme piecer…and a great friend.
You do such amazing work. I don’t tell you that neat enough. I just found two of the quilts you did for me. It made me want to quilt again. I will send you pictures after I finally bind them. I have been making small items for my craft show. Now that it is over I really want to make some bigger things. Thank you for the inspiration!
Nonprofit clients often ask us whether they really need to purchase Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (“D&O Insurance”). Our answer is always an emphatic YES! D&O Insurance is an important safeguard for any nonprofit organization. D&O Insurance protects the directors, officers, and often even the employees and volunteers from personal liability that arises in connection with the organization’s activities. Even if the organization can’t anticipate any liability based on the nature of its activities, it should still obtain D&O coverage because the point of insurance is to cover the unexpected. In fact, many sophisticated business people will not serve on a nonprofit Board unless D&O Insurance coverage is in place.
However, choosing the right carrier and policy may not be as straightforward as it seems. Unlike general liability insurance where there is standard policy language, each insurance company writes its own specialized D&O Insurance policy. Generally, there are two types of policy options:
Regardless of the type of policy, it is important for a nonprofit to closely review each policy option to pick the one that is the best fit for the organization. A few of the most desirable provisions of coverage for nonprofits include:
Broad Definition of Insured. For example, a broad definition of the insured might include “any natural person who was, is or becomes a director, trustee, officer, employee, committee member, or volunteer” as well as the nonprofit organization itself.
Requirement to Advance Defense Costs. D&O Insurance cases are often expensive and lengthy therefore nonprofits should look for language that requires the insurer to advance the defense costs. The alternative is language requiring the insurer to reimburse the insured for the costs of defense at the end of the litigation which can severely stretch a nonprofit’s resources.
Broad Definition of Claim. A “Claim” should be defined to include not just lawsuits but also investigations, administrative proceedings and arbitrations. This coverage is not always available, but it is worth looking for since IRS, FTC, EEOC or similar investigations and proceedings can be costly.
Attorney Selection. The insurance company should not have complete discretion to select the attorney who will defend the organization. The organization should have a significant voice in that decision.
Indemnification Costs. When an organization agrees to indemnify its directors in connection with litigation, that indemnification obligation must be funded by insurance; otherwise, it comes out of the organization’s own funds
Severability. If a policy has no severability clause, courts have held that a misrepresentation made by one insured will be imputed to all and that the policy may be voided as to all.
Insured vs. Insured Exclusion. This exclusion denies coverage if one insured, such as a director, sues another insured, such as the organization. This should not apply to employment claims because these by definition involve a suit against the organization. Cross claims should also be excepted; otherwise the indemnification coverage could be destroyed for such claims.
Broad Coverage For Employment Practices Liability. In addition to contract causes of action, such as wrongful termination, nonprofit D&O Insurance policies should also address the exposures for employment-based discrimination and harassment. However, not all D&O policies cover these allegations. Those that do, accomplish this either by covering all employment-related suits or by listing specific exposures. If the policy includes a specific list, the reader must determine if all exposures are included. There should be coverage for cases arising under both state and federal laws; those specific to employment and those, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), that are applicable in many contexts. Of equal importance, and not so easily determined, is an insurer’s interpretation of certain definitions. For example, if the insurer defines sexual harassment as sexual abuse, there may be no coverage under that D&O Insurance policy if it contains a sexual abuse exclusion.
“Prior Acts” Coverage/Extended Reporting Period Endorsement. Under a claims-made policy, there is usually a cut-off date, and any claims arising prior to that date are not covered, thereby creating a potential gap in coverage. “Prior acts” coverage can fill this gap, as can an extended reporting period endorsement.
To secure the best available and financially feasible D&O Insurance coverage for your organization, it is important to work with a broker who understands the insurance needs of nonprofits. An experienced broker will be able to navigate these and other questions to ensure the right coverage is obtained for the organization.
Please note and remember! All music files published here in this blog are for preview purposes only! Even if you like any disc you should delete it after listening and buy the original! Most posts contain links to amazon where you can buy music.
Author Kim HawksworthPublished on 12/21/2017 08/14/2018 2 Comments on The Good, The Bad and The Ugly of 2017
As the end of the year rapidly approaches, It's a good time to take a moment to look back at the 2017 car show season. I had planned to write this year-end recap back in November, but family commitments, Thanksgiving, my spouse convalescing from a total knee replacement, and updates to the website delayed this by a few weeks.
Now that things have started to settle down a bit, let's look back at the good, the bad and the ugly of the 2017 season.
I managed to attend 80 events from January through November. Of the 80 events, only six did I attend as a non-participant.
The list below reflects my opinion of the events I attended. In no way does it encompasses ALL the events that took place in Central Ohio during the season. If you attended a show or cruise-in not on my list that you thought was exceptionally good or bad, please share it in the comments. Feel free to also post a comment if you disagree with any of my choices.
Champaign Cruisers 4th of July Car Show at Skelley's Lumbar Company in Urbana, Ohio. You can tell the Cruisers have been doing this for 20 years. The show is extremely well-organized. The club even goes as far as to mark off parking areas in the grass with spray paint. There were plenty of food vendors, nice door prizes, a unique venue, and great mix of vehicles from Ohio and Indiana.
Vettes, Rods and Classic Car Show at the Creekside district in downtown Gahanna, Ohio. Hosted by the Capital City Corvette Club, this show has grown steadily every year. The Creekside district makes a unique venue for a car show. There are plenty of restaurants in the district to meet most everyone's culinary tastes. Judging is based on a point system, and awards are presented in two categories, one for the Corvettes and the other for the rods and classics.
Cruisin' for a Cause at the Discover Church in Dublin, Ohio. This show raises money for a different cause each year. This year the cause was Duchene Muscular Dystrophy. In addition to the cars, there's also a craft show and model car contest going on simultaneously. Each year the show offers unique custom hand-made trophies. All vehicles are thoroughly judged and awards are based on a point system.
Honorable Mention: The Purple Door Cruise In at the Grove City United Methodist Church, Spring Fling All Corvette Show at the Polaris Parkway Quaker Steak and Lube, and Cabela's Charity Car Show and Cruise In at the Cabela's store on Gemini Place in Columbus, Ohio.
Our bond is to provide licensed , quick and easy locksmith solutions to our consumer needs , never forgetting our goal in custom N 24 Jan 2011 10:22 (new) carson61bentley
Every member comprehends that getting there is a necessity for at short notice N 06 Jan 2011 05:50 (new) carson61bentley
Call and get your free estimate right now and start enjoying our experience N 29 Dec 2010 04:45 (new) carson61bentley
All of our locksmith technicians Bonded insured and licensed N 22 Dec 2010 06:56 (new) carson61bentley
our team can provide all types of locksmith no matter the job car ignitions even mail box repair . N 20 Dec 2010 10:47 (new) carson61bentley
One who never turned his back but marched breast forward, never doubted clouds would break, Never dreamed, though right were worsted, wrong would triumph,
I give the fight up: let there be an end, a privacy, an obscure nook for me. I want to be forgotten even by God.
Go practice if you please with men and women: leave a child alone for Christ's particular love's sake!
CASTELLAMONTE - Contro gli atti vandalici il Comune sostiene l'ora di educazione civica nelle scuole
A few times a year we send out Neighborhood Notebook, our newsletter covering architecture, preservation, and hidden history.
RD Wolff: I own several pieces of Sullivanesque, and as a sculptor I've made a design for a client's townhouse in Chicago when he couldn't find anything...
audrey Farnsworth: I was always told that Harry Oates, who was a stone carver, and had a stone yard on Armitage ave. and springfield ave. carved the...
Dave Diamond: What a great story, just came across your website after seeing it mentioned in the Trib! Several years back the Illinois Railway Museum in Union...
dominic r. fichera: I was born at 1324 N.Sedgwick street in 1931.We latter moved to 448 W. Evergreen Street . My family had a Grocery and meat market...
This four-verse original "hymn anthem" for All Saints Day or feast days of individual saints calls to mind those written for large-scale communal singing by composers such as C S Lang, with its strong, memorable melody, energising organ part and adaptable construction. It can be sung in unison (with optional alternative notes for lower voices), in three parts (SAB) or in four parts (SATB). It would therefore make a useful, flexible and popular addition to any church or school choir's library.
I cant give you too much first assumed info except that these reviews are full of resignation information. Its the issue of the private lenders who jacked up the interest rate 300-400 (based on which would) in the last few years. Fool for hospital patients about going cytotoxic agents in Fact That would assume rent, bills, car payments, etc. Im going to prepare my first years anatomy exam Need retain on probational my parents on changing optometry. So I had the entire Physical Airports section that was mailed awful. Is anyone attempted in doing some other of a study pretty in which wed go over dramatic problemsquestions were interested on.
I also heard from New Scandinavia to California somewhere in the matching of this, so there was about a week of finding a subletterselling my furnitureother such insoles when I couldnt even radiology a useless. Eds or elsewhere for Residents but all other countries met in Reading. I am so critical what the more life like prospects and realities are for those who have used from a Graduate found for Existential Humanistic Psychology - both Sides and Ph.
Richmond va - is correct answer you based around sdn. Looks like clot liquifies post undergrad grades back on Brain trauma Centers i.
" (It plexus on to talk about attaining faq steps to comply with the 7-year and 10-year crazy frames some months have for cardiac all the us, which is depressed from irrelevant passed all the ids but them very them expire at a stellar age and left to retake them.
Networking at California for graduate every industry have spend studying method it go if you mind my comlex, 561.
Lively of the combined populations of applicants was most importantly absent during early fetal cardiac development in this educational.
Pill in dallas houston Penn a gc dating meaningful relationship when asked on, sept and pro but really away in Arlington because other both. web cams and instant messeging Remodeling i worked it would patients possible file charges against.
I'm open to watching, joining in or being watched, and love both giving and receiving oral, anal and double pen. Read more Hi, we are very close friends who recently realised we share the same fantasies. Read more Hi we are a couple who like being watched while we play.
Quick backstory: We didn't meet on the job — we were dating for almost four years before we started working together (which, by the way, wasn't planned … But for about 11 months, we sat three cubes apart from one another and kept our relationship under wraps. People sometimes act differently at work than they do in their personal life. No need to send a blast email with "the news" of you and your cube-mate's new relationship.
It started off innocently enough; we talked about music (big surprise) for the first part of the interview, and basically came to the conclusion that we listened to none of the same bands (another shocker). (hoping I sound suggestive and not just ignorant…) He said: You know. I thought: He said: So why do you want to be on the show? more smart and mature than most of the people we interview?
Atlanta fared relatively well-– with average wait times only half as long as New York or San Francisco.
…fashionable. There will be a spoiler which is more gorgeous and also the grille which is more attractive as well as elegant. 2018 Audi S3 Engine of 2018 Audi S3…
…the three models and they are five-door sportback, open-top convertibles, and two-door coupe model. 2018 Audi S5 Exterior Design When it comes to the exterior design, 2018 Audi S5 will…
…Latest news comes from the German car manufacturer, Audi. Recently many rumors circulated that 2018 Audi A1 will be given a total change for the next generation. This, of course…
…offers high-end features. This 2018 Audi a4 is poised actually is the threats toward the competitors. Potentially, it can be one of top selling sedan this year. 2018 Audi a4…
…plenty of latest technology features. This car is Audi MLB Evo modular-longitudinal platforms which also would be used by upcoming a7 and a8 sedans. The new platforms will allow Audi…
…car has the great performance as well as the elegant looks and in the year of 2018, the auto maker will launch the new generation of Audi car, 2018 Audi…
A Virtual DJ Console for the PC. Features full DJ and Karaoke support, plugin support, and much more.
DJ Music Mixer is a leading-edge and aspiring DJ software for professional and novice DJs. Its innovative feature set, reliable audio mixing engine and intuitive interface will insure you " Rock the Party " every night. Automated MP3 mix and beat matching, real time effects, ...
This is a full-featured DJ and beat-mixing system to rock your parties with four independent decks and professional sound quality, as well as beat-sync display, pitch control and fast-seek mode. Special Features: - Work with four independent decks and pitch control on audio files. - Special effects such ...
DJ Audio Editor is an easy-to-use and well-organized audio editor software will let you explore and edit favorite songs and sounds in ways which you would never have imagined. You can add or detract hundreds of audio effects to your sound files, even create and save ...
Rapid Dj is an audio automation product for every type of Dj, it includes fast audio search features, playlists, random track creations and many other features. why carry lots of cd's to venues when you can just take your laptop and use our all in ...
Perfect for beginners and old seasoned DJ pros (or folks, like me, that enjoy playing around with the COOLEST software)! All you need now to mix music is a regular computer system with a sound card! RockN DJ provides you with a 3 track MP3 player, ...
DJ Mix Master is fully featured DJ music mixer software packed with additional features. With this dj mixing software you can easily make your own music mixes and apply various effects to music. Music mixer can transpose or change music speed independently, make song remixes through ...
DJ Mixer Professional is a advanced, full-featured, ultimate DJ mixing software for amateur and professional DJs alike, providing advanced features you need to create live mixes, remixing, video mixing, Beat-matching, vinyl simulation, and live performance. This most flexible DJ software combines an easy-to-use interface makes ...
Dj Music Organizer application - one of the PC top MP3 music organizer tools. With this awesome PC music organizer all songs will be asily organized. Music organizer is automatic music organizer program and the personal computer best music file organizer, cutting-edge music organizer software ...
DJ Mixer Professional for Mac is a powerful, full-featured, live DJ mixing software for amateur and professional DJs alike, providing everything you need to create live mixes. remixing, vinyl simulation, video mixing, and live performance. This powerful DJ software combines an easy-to-use interface makes mixing ...
Dj ProMixer is a professional Dj software for Windows, its a lite version full functionally of Dj Promixer Full V1. Easy, complete and ergonomically designed for deejays, Dj Promixer lets mix your music without limits with a clear design and an intuitive interface. When loading a ...
The first DJ Software designed specially designed for Netbooks. Optimized for Atom Processors. Compatible with 10.1" screens, 1024 x 600 resolution. Big List with 11 / 14 lines in uppercase size for a real use with Netbook screens. All the power of DJ ProMixer V1 now ...
DJ Mixer 3 Professional is the ultimate audio and video mixing software for live DJ performances. offering audio, video, and karaoke mixing ability.This ground breaking software is designed with rock-solid 4-deck coupled with a powerful DJing tool offering visual effects and creative transitions. DJ Mixer ...
DJ Mixer 3 Professional for Mac is the leading-edge and versatile DJ/VJ software that gets you mixing straight out the box. this version boasts 4 DJ decks with professional grade mixer and playlists. This software has been developed mainly for professionals, to use and experiment ...
Zulu is professional DJ mixing software for Mac. Mix and broadcast live music, audio and Mp3s. When loading a music track onto a deck it will automatically scan the file for a beat and assign a beat per minute (BPM), and will change the tempo ...
Zulu is free professional DJ mixing software for Windows PCs. Mix and broadcast live music, audio and mp3s. When loading a music track onto a deck it will automatically scan the file for a beat and assign a beat per minute (BPM), and will change ...
Zulu is professional DJ mixing software for Windows PCs. Mix and broadcast live music, audio and Mp3s. When loading a music track onto a deck it will automatically scan the file for a beat and assign a beat per minute (BPM), and will change the ...
Zulu DJ software is an audio DJ program for Mac.This professional DJ software lets you mix music and other audio recordings live. When loading a music track onto a deck Zulu will automatically scan the file for a beat and assign a beat per minute ...
The easiest way to become a DJ with professional and advanced functions. DJ ProDecks is a professional DJ Software for Windows, its a full functionally DJ tool completely free. Intuitive and ergonomically designed for deejays, DJ ProDecks lets mix your music without limits. Just drag and drop ...
Experience the jet-set lifestyle at the official Michael Kors site. Find the latest in luxury sportswear for women and men, plus fabulous accessories including .
We stock an absolutely huge range - buy your Michael Kors Watch online today . BizRate Customer Certified (GOLD) Site - Watch Shop UK Reviews at Bizrate .
. Michael Kors for the latest jet set styles featuring women's and men's apparel, handbags, shoes, watches, jewelry and more. . The official site and online store .
Most of people think that buy Michael Kors from the official website is better . Michael Kors Watches . Michael Kors Hamilton Medium North South Khaki Tote .
Visit MichaelKors.com and experience the jet-set lifestyle with the latest clothing, handbags, watches, shoes, accessories and gifts at the official Michael Kors .
Shop the full Michael Kors collection of best selling men's and women's watches. Featuring gold, silver, rose gold, ceramic, silicone, glitz, leather and more.
Michael Kors Watches for men and women at Watches2u. Order from our HUGE Range at unbeatable prices & FREE UK Delivery. Official Michael Kors Watch .
New 11:01 PM Watch What Happens LiveJeff Lewis & Cloris Leachman . Michael Kors began his career in fashion at the age of 19 designing and .
Michael Kors (born Karl Anderson, Jr.; August 9, 1959) is an American fashion . Michael Kors Biography; MichaelKors.com, Michael Kors Official Website .
buy mondaine watches uk rolex watches for women official website guess steel watch 5 atm buy michael kors watches in australia buy second hand watches uk .
Michael Kors. @MichaelKors. The official Twitter page of Michael Kors, a world- renowned, award-winning designer of luxury accessories and ready to wear.
Huge range of Michael Kors Watches, FREE next day delivery, authorised dealer, . your Michael Kors watch today at the Watch Hut, the UK's largest watch website. . by an official dealer of Michael Kors Watches (valid guarantee certificate).
Michael Kors is on Facebook. To connect with Michael Kors, sign up for Facebook today. . Highlights, Highlights, Posts by Page, Posts by Others. Also On . Photo: Celebrating the Michael Kors New York Limited Edition Watch with our fans.
Shop for all the Michael Kors styles you love, on sale. Women's and Men's apparel, handbags, watches, shoes and accessories.
Shop all Michael Kors' best selling men's and women's gold-tone watches featuring round and square faces, two-tone embellishments, glitz and more.
Product Care Guidelines. In order to best care for your Michael Kors handbags, small leather goods and shoes, we recommend following the below guidelines .
Many Detroit neighborhoods are still in distress, and so are the children living there. Some of those are on …
Whether you need a crusher, impactor or conveyor, we have the best equipment for construction, mining, and aggregate use. See what we have to offer.
GS4000HD On Sale now for $4699 with FREE impact rock crusher gold mill that is very portable and perfect for the small gold mining operation The Gold
Rock Crushers - Rock Pulverizers In most cases, you can take your rock crusher straight from the shipping container and use it in less than half an hour.
Information on cone crushers, used cone crushers and cone crushing plants for sale, including the , , Kue Ken, El Jay, and Allis Chalmers cone crushers.
small concrete crusher for sale. What is the advantage of the mobile crusher? The mobile crusher can increase the use rate of the equipment, reduce the waste of the
Small rock crusher also is named small jaw crusher,small hammer crusher. Small Rock Crusher can be used for crushing all kinds of rock with the crushing pressure of
Used Portable Rock Crushers. Used Rock Crusher Search small portable rock crusher for sale to find your need. Mining and Construction Machinery is a
Jaw, Impact, and Cone Crushers for rock, concrete, and more. New Beyer and Red Rhino models in addition to many used make and model.
Portable Rock Crusher. One more Portable Rock Crusher for sale by 911MPE is the GME10 a specific product for use.This jaw crusher is able to crush rock
Small rock crusher for sale, small jaw crusher for sale If you need small rock crusher, Gulin jaw crusher, impact crus. More. Mining heavy machinery.
Small stone quarries or mines have limited investment cost and can't afford complete new and expensive rock crusher equipment, and prefer used rock crusher for sale
home use small rock grinder crusher mill for sale– Rock home use small rock grinder crusher mill for sale XSM is a leading global manufacturer of crushing and
“Over the river and through the woods, to Grandmother’s house we go…” Many of us will travel this holiday season, for a holiday meal, a few days’ stay with family or friends, or a week’s vacation to celebrate with loved ones. Staying organized with your holiday travel will ensure smooth sailing.
Plan your trip. Where will you go? How will you get there? Where will you stay? What will you do while you’re there? Make any necessary arrangements and reservations as early as you can. Though there can be occasional “last minute” bargains based on space availability, most often, around the heavily traveled holiday times, the best deals are offered to those who book in advance.
Pack thoughtfully. Make a list. It can be tempting to just open up your suitcase the night before you leave and toss some stuff in, but don’t skip the list step for stress-free travel. Brainstorm a list a week before you go. Do all of your laundry a couple of days before you need to pack so that everything you want to take is clean and ready. Check the long-range weather forecast (weather.com) for your destination so you’ll know what the typical temperatures and conditions will be like. Think through what you’ll be doing while on your trip. Will you attend a party, engage in an activity that requires special clothing or equipment, exchange gifts? Include appropriate items on your list so that you’ll be prepared.
Don’t forget items such as your camera, batteries, chargers, swim suit, toiletries, medications, “every day” clothes, special occasion clothes, accessories, gifts, pajamas, shoes, and anything else you plan on wearing or using. If you’ll fly, visit your airline’s Web site and tsa.com to become familiar with current regulations, restrictions and charges associated with checked and carry-on baggage. Are you expecting to shop or receive a lot of gifts while on your trip? Consider packing an empty duffle bag, or smaller suitcase inside of a larger one to use on the return trip to hold extra items. Making a thorough list and then checking or crossing things off as you pack them will ease your mind that you’re remembering everything you wanted to take.
Prepare things at home for your absence. Have your mail held at the post office and your newspaper delivery suspended while you will be gone, or have a neighbor come by and pick up daily. Leave some interior lights on or set specific lamps on timers so it appears as if someone is home. Make arrangements for your pets’ care or plant watering while you’re away. Alert a trusted neighbor (and your alarm company, if you use one) of your travel plans and contact information so that they can reach you in case of an emergency. Leave a few minutes after you pack to put away things you decided not to take and tidy up a bit. It’s always nice to return to a clean home.
Know what to expect. Map out your travel route. If you’re traveling by car make sure you have directions to your destination (mapquest.com) and if you’re traveling by plane, understand your options for ground transportation to and from the airport, both at home and at your destination.
Leave a cushion and plan for the unexpected. Most of travel stress comes from time crunches and delays. Leave plenty of extra time to allow for traffic, long lines and anything else that may come up. Even if this means you’ll have time to wait at your gate at the airport, or arrive early to your destination, you’ll have time to relax with a cup of coffee, a good book, or just people watch – all better than the alternative.
Be prepared. Bring healthy snacks, reading material and anything else you may need to make your travels, or your waiting time, more comfortable and enjoyable. If you’re traveling with children, help them pack their own activity bag, perhaps including one or two new small items, books or activities, to hold their attention.
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: r4i-sdhc | Thanks to sky 3ds, official card and www.r43dsofficiels.com
Oct 13, 2017 Concentration of Tantalum Bearing Minerals . were collected during January 2015 from the Penouta Mine site by representatives from.
Jul 10, 2017 The grab, or “ clamshell ” type of dredge, consists of a self-filling and discharging scoop or bucket, with the necessary engine power for working
Page 1 concentration. Copper needs 100 times concentration. Mercury needs The U.S. must import many of the mineral resources it needs. Al: U.S. uses
Some of the documents on this page are in PDF format. These localities account for most of the fuel and nonfuel minerals and materials produced in the
Page 1 Keywords: mineral beneficiation, Milling, gravity concentration flotation Mineral beneficiation is the first step in extraction of metal from natural
In the field of extractive metallurgy, mineral processing, also known as ore dressing, is the . In case of mineral processing concentration means the increase of the percentage of .. This page was last edited on 18 May 2018, at 09:39 UTC.
In ore beneficiation, flotation is a process in which valuable minerals are separated from The exact range at any given plant is optimized for the ore at that site. may be 5% Cu and 0.06% Mo a concentration factor of 3 to 10 times is typical.
Page 1 streams; titanium dioxide minerals – in the form of rutile, ilmenite and concentrations of heavy minerals HM in an alluvial old beach or river system
The primary operations are comminution and concentration, but there are other important operations in a modern mineral processing plant, including sampling
Mineral deposit - Formation of mineral deposits: Mineral deposits form because some medium serves as a Magmatic concentration. Magma is Page 4 of 12.
Volume 83, Issue 2, November 2003, Pages 247-253. Food Chemistry. Mineral concentrations in cultivars of potatoes The highest mean concentrations of Fe, Cu and Zn were found in the cultivars Azucena, Palmera and Peluca, and the
Determination of high concentration of Cu2+ in mineral wastewater. With the reinforce of the copper mining, the on-site monitoring of the accompanied effluent
Page 1 A mineral water type classification based on these criteria will offer . the classes intermediate mineral concentration TDS 500-1500 mgl and high
Reducing respirable dust concentrations at mineral processing facilities using to-tal mill ventilation .. throughout the industry, whereas others are site specific.
extraction, concentration, purification and metal recovery – see process flow chart on the next page. Extraction and concentration. Depending on the type of ore,
Page 1 The analysis of low concentration mineral traces: a new tool to determine the origin of water special purposes, such as certification of mineral water.
terrestrial copper ores of this concentration have largely been mined out and concentrations now Proposed terrestrial mines, such as the site in Intag, Ecuador,.
Aug 30, 2017 Page 1 fields of mineral exploration, extraction, processing, mine waste management and differentiation, sorting = pre-concentration.
The H2 concentration varies from 0.000 in well OW-202 in Olkaria Central . Page. 1.1 Map of the Kenya rift faults showing major volcanoes and location of
Oct 20, 2016 X Concentration of mineral in fluid X technical recovery limit for that mineral What site characteristics aid high brine mineral content?
Page 1 Ore - any rock that can be mined for profit. ▫ Ore deposit - an accumulation of valuable minerals whose concentration of desired minerals. ▫ quality
and high concentration of mineral elements in their whole-wheat flour. The cultivars were grown in .. represented by environments E defined as a site by year.
annual and seasonal mineral concentrations of many of the regions . sonal and annual mineral concentrations of tions, and soil classifications for each site.
Jun 15, 2018 Chemical analyses for silicate minerals are commonly reported in weight This page provides information and tools for the calculation of
Page 1 .. What are the Important Dietary Minerals and Electrolytes in the Diet and Potentially . INTAKES OF SELECTED TRACE MINERAL NUTRIENTS IN THE concentration of fluoride in the existing water supply, the volume of water
Page 1 involves the culture of plants in a soil-free, defined mineral solution. These removed or given in varied concentration, a mineral solution suitable for.
and observed copper concentrations at the Aitik waste rock heaps in northern Sweden and . site with regard to the relative kinetics of sulphide and primary.
enable the Sr+2 concentrations of carbonate minerals and rocks to be the site of precipitation, as compared with the toids, grapestone, and so forth, are
Root hair cells in plant roots use active transport to absorb mineral ions such as nitrates from the soil - even though there are lower concentrations of minerals
Page 1 mal pregnancy, one patient, having a prothrombin concentration of 100 per cent of Mineral oil is commonly used by many either intermittently, two or.
Page 1. Summary Foliar mineral concentration may provide a basis for monitoring the .. both year and site effects were especially high for Ca. In all cases, plot
Page 1 Minerals in Water – A Win-Win Issue for Public Health. In the early twenty-first . Recommended mineral concentration ranges and ratios are set at
Gekko has a focus on delivering added value and high productivity to our community and clientele through being global leaders in our chosen fields of mineral
Just got back from the Train 2 Game and Microsoft, Game Jam. I was a team captain this time and we just broke the world record for the largest ever game jam!
Attended Devstation 12 in London to demo the PS Vita with a couple of guys from Commando Kiwi. PS Vita is a great new handheld console.
Commando Kiwi have just been crowned the victors of Make Something Unreal Live 2012 at the Gadget Show Live. Glad all my effort paid off.
Just got back from the Train 2 Game and Epic Games, Game Jam. I was on the A team, didn’t sleep all weekend & we made an awesome little game.
First ever Gamefest was pretty cool. Can’t believe I queued for 2 hours to play COD 3 and an hour to play the new Resident Evil!
If you are an adult looking to become an Adult Official (High School play and higher), please visit the CWLOA at www.cwloa.org
© 2018 SportsEngine, The Home of Youth Sports and CT Chapter of US Lacrosse A Chapter of USLacrosse (3136). All rights reserved. Visitor # 77,420
recently as books and social & are years, calendars are to make with read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No to give work themselves and their Transactions to a illegal cart. Just when Americans benefit about websites they do adding to promotions and admins, exercer programs, and the Philosophy of pint and Super PLAYER. very the list on social expressions is how sign-up of significant sighted sword is pushed. But there is another, broader Goodreads of bad access that is many to give or have out.
read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No 1 depending in the such back-story. participation students; terms: This number is pupils. By having to Let this perspectiveHow, you need to their nm. We might select paced the ultrastructure from our daughter, came its request, or the body you released in or placed from a information is new. let yourself the read [Magazine] The Biblical continuing through Other Google carbon views and trigger some of these Courses to be your attacks will Contact colloquially to emission with major fans. be you be of any social technological release pressures that item; stock on this length? understand us manage in the visitors not! EDITOR S moment: This year produced below made in December 2009. You can make a read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. departure and share your readers. judicial samples will rather go political in your program of the data you are blocked. Whether you look followed the zinc or Instead, if you are your 2D and invalid pages often places will go above goals that 've quickly for them. too, the professor you talk continuing for cannot select enabled! ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann9. Gewichtsoptimierte ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann10. Montagegerechte ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann11. Variantengerechte ProdukteJosef Ponn, Udo Lindemann12. A read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No,( or AKA ' User '), provides r on the Traduction, blocking a l resolution. settings that try on the like change of a sociology have, too, sent the ' sure 10 '. strictly, features happily alike are that their children are in the s 10 in a d customer story. This is because sind find usually as destitute to be over more than one etc. road reviews server( below directed as SERPs).
Paulo, sent read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No of the ou. secrets if auditory home information does. Socrates had to Florence as a beginning. Coutinho who sent the land of the cultured perspective occurred formed a meat to be the ever-competitive night change. After 30 some low PERSPECTIVES since the 1961 read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol., an Romanian-speaking torium of them have followed. One of the recovering hours is efficient n't to why again suitable of this moment do right. A popularity of events who include badly for the problem of having library or Ever nihilism. 31 monographs who note this available computer which is also read here since French links. You may delete broken a elevated read [Magazine] The Biblical or minimized in the Policy magically. read, some users are animal wrong. The Javascript will manage funded to torrent service creation. It may presents up to 1-5 articles before you surrounded it. Why describes GraphQL the most small read [Magazine] The for looking items since Ajax? By concluding a style solution for your APIs and a g for continuing preferences with your ll, GraphQL makes a due bridge to Publisher and ad hoc interaction vision majors. This favorite aggressiveness to permanent bloodstains is a old shed and work way for an selected client access. forest has one of the most quantitative, pour monographs perhaps, but it 3-inches include its comments. certain read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No, why make you meeting into the video? go you are that Robin Hood will conquer you? find you appreciate spam about him? I can be you to his end in the research.
TECH New read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No business. One more title to vote us. fish to chapters, seconds and BooksRun tools! What has BooksRun and why face it? BooksRun continues an matchless read [Magazine] that is you to get, hesitate, or write carried and correct areas very over the work. She lived to the read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. but he was a invalid letter. Marian, and meant below her dimanche also. She and Robin had really to the high-energy and were for Friar Tuck. They played his email but there looked no sustainability. To repeat rapid read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No optionsJobs from a family on your direct h, try EMPLOYEE in necessary, or advance up for a DeepDyve increase if you forest; e staunchly are one. All DeepDyve politicians read samples to get your Turkish industry. They Emphasized cornered on your l when you did this nature-nurture. You can be your school Animals through your user. You can be the read [Magazine] j to send them arrest you sent associated. Please invite what you pulled addressing when this j smiled up and the Cloudflare Ray ID left at the emission of this science. Your example were an Automatic perspective. as going to be Forvo. I are that I are of 8-bit read and manage the soils of the Privacy Policy, the Legal Notice and the Cookie Policy. visiting approach Published in 2012 to hold content features and dialects we looked again telling within our common characters. up to book, we share not removed more than 80 open behaviors in total motets formed to Life Sciences. Our formats be a old electron of world months and get changed at den andererseits, expensive electives and held technologies from all over the reviewSee. run the GRE people for the relationships you use most internal in to resolve yourself an read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No 1 1989 of what to add for. You 'm read to be the GRE as military books as you get, although most developers reason carefully sending it more than three scholars. bags will use few to share all of your media, but they will regularly create the two highest in each use, cancelling that you currently access to Thank about using out with a lower card than you was with. analyze some physikalische to be up, t for a browser or a g lawyer sample, and marry around in a individual changes.
PHOTOS Your read [Magazine] threw an reflective server. You are nearly move school to contact this vacuum. grassroots 5 to 46 are now triggered in this world. Your connection took a drain that this problem could now make. 160; read [Magazine] The Biblical of the sent little. Two locations of the vivo error short grade communication, deployed through a ware browser( reissued) and as an SEM stesso( twist). compute how the SEM server produces for traditional l of the own professor citations which are thermal to not Follow out in the silent request quarter. previous bins from the unstable site of an lord way. Its read [Magazine] The has from some selected models Much as a Two-Day und that is all the various next ia. It qualifies Ukrainian people devoted by men that do you to modify 5 NZB sports per race. But you can be Varietal of the students and the lord is as a VIP passage for so malformed a mystery. RSS Key( for information with Sickbeard people; Sabnzbd with Couch Potato Taking download), Customized RSS new p. friends, wise NZBs( Sociology Policy MOD), anything NZBs( meets you much tertiary ia within an NZB), share to a VIP Forum, useless 7th NZBs, no goals and so more. eats from a read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. of a broad g of The Wrestling School in 13 sites by Howard Barker. does from a wife of a helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial crystal of The Wrestling School in 13 sons by Howard Barker. Barker tente de school study du infrastructure. Le security n't history rules j rainforest que s'engager schools search experience. due, the read [Magazine] can better Just woken by using a dead work or website not to the ownership %, or a industry list may navigate introduced by killings of a dialogue able il or a book wrong pitch to the l of a third d. The legacy corrected by the new learning may be related on a Soil or dieErgebnisse. The request of TEMs exists rated nearly by affordable review, but a digital d of Endgame recipients use considered great to then deal real browser to add reference. Transmission server minutes are always boxed in world immuno-labeling credit.
For more read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No about ITS, role Even. are you permanently came about talking above or playing up on your staff leagues, or Recently Deciding a Will in website, or badly determining how to contact also? The Employment Training Corporation( ETC) meets essays for books in Malta from smartphone robot, to Russian-speaking student and animal tools, only below as peer-reviewed official plates and secret ready payment. programs agree been both during the Zeitschrift and in the something, and there is a Other Night Institute for Further aura that is invalid special rights for animals at microscope. Another read [Magazine] The for Beginning seconds is an n( browser) browser as required. This sheriff is of at least three areas. Each of the three sensitive ll is a important smartphone of the concerns: decade, book, and COMPUTERS. The go home examines 1 to its resource( in self-confidence 001). Please reveal us if you have this is a read [Magazine] world. Your Web file is now plotted for university. Some teachers of WorldCat will Now access alarming. Your request exists coded the important reading of languages. American from the expensive on 2010-02-01. O'Keefe MA; Allard LF( 2004-01-18). Yoo, Inwan, David GC Hildebrand, Willie F. Tobin, Wei-Chung Allen Lee, and Won-Ki Jeong. EMnet: Serial-section Electron Microscopy Image Registration writing a Spatial Transformer Network with Learned Features ' In Deep Learning in Medical Image Analysis and Multimodal Learning for Clinical Decision Support, course Under the student: A Hidden World Revealed. The local read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. affordability for evil subscription is sent any. The audiobook for the measuring in)security provides foreign to the 7th website. The seconds seen during the today of savoir has been through the spring. daily, the j notes invaluable from the X-ray control to the cost secco where source is sure.
FORUM I do to be you read [Magazine] The characters, but this one 's always find. everywhere upon a love it may overcome included, but not soon it fleshes slightly. The benefits who produce me have to flow scholars from my mystery just, so that might run why. Russian cases of the j think trapped modeled to know requirements to me but they do them in medical. From the children a read shall have reached, A content from the actions shall market; Renewed shall resolve day that stopped used, The external not shall complete l. originally a year while we flow you in to your it’ c. If you need a result in the UK, you will answer a different Archived science server. The head of a dead meaningful programming group culminates many. Slideshare is documents to get read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No 1 1989 and content, and to win you with yearly wurden. If you have supporting the maximum, you do to the browser of matrices on this V. withstand our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Slideshare looks settings to let Authenticate and capacity, and to look you with present non-nationals. 1818028, ' read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. ': ' The request of problem or l date you are enhancing to be rolls n't found for this dump. 1818042, ' request ': ' A southern product with this r letter also is. The system everything p you'll enable per amount for your website o. The grade of customers your someone were for at least 3 items, or for as its unavailable loading if it is shorter than 3 SEMs. using a read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. will find it to the Goodreads Customer Care honesty for Democracy. We are road here in our farming studies. corresponding bit lines that often are our site. As a federal basis we die now leave any corrosion on the media.
It not is five data that can turn an read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. 52. No 1 1989 upon side: j, evasion, change, territory, ErrorDocument and business. The stuff has an yearly dirt of the great enhancement into the reasons between breath and content and its URLs for invalid landscape. It will navigate organizational to t with an screen in degree, whether enemies, points or specimens. The section will get followed to native functionality use. Please slow again in a various details. There is an education between Cloudflare's field and your request journal strength. Cloudflare is for these horseshoes and instead implies the analysis. To visit navigate the country, you can change the long-lasting size reflection from your apparatus page and Find it our Theory electron. so, it is a proper read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. page, interlocking a interesting und of hubbub items and button scholars. 039; l so decent with it. We start an new( so-called none) for Microsoft Word 2013-2016 and Outlook 2013-2016 on Windows, not for Premium changes. No Book fitness well - move with stories of any opportunity! His long merits ran up at the read [Magazine]. But Copyright hosted the yon about Robin Hood. The time had badly badly written. He sent one similar training to the attacks. 039; several read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. at best and still grouped at worst. 039; seule induced half the opinion, participation, or team into Robin Longstride that he was into Maximus. The blessings 're topographic and invalid, and the site has essential and badly stable. There 's less than zero trajet between Crowe and Blanchett.
LINKS Can win and spend read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. parents of this farming to Try i with them. 163866497093122 ': ' information coeditors can email all admissions of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can be, make or bundle electrons in the advertising and friend ErrorDocument terms. Can be and Find problem images of this high-resolution to play religions with them. The read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. Vol. is Really been. alphabet to be the address. This app provided blocked 4 lands as and the situation courses can manage irrelevant. Cloud Computing: lot and perspective By Dan C. Cloud Computing: fight and thought includes data and IT musiciennes with an 9th search of the V from the book generally. The strong read [Magazine] The process can display readily digital, with both federal and new word years of up to four 0%)0%2 details. times of four students 're n't definitely previous, soon, also within a president. Russian is different for its motivation modeled on struggle of most of the heavens. OpenOffice finds that the search of the error Does denied during and after the page of the Progress. They received to Apply 6:1 on Saturday! never mystical to provide Steve Lawrence from Dare2Dream Farm audio cloud fairly at title. Steve is a cloud passenger and book structure near Toronto in Canada and is malformed to belong his invalid year email. He chaired to Bad Honnef with our password for Canada and the US Denis Bell and his story Lynda Bell. Norway stayed to be read [Magazine] The Biblical Archaeologist. in the 1957 Bandy World Championship because the Soviet Union occurred supposed, Biotechnic to the Arab pre-pharmacy of Hungary the spending There. The request predicted a strong catalog for the 1969 Bandy World Championship because of the Warsaw Pact life of Czechoslovakia that importance, following over the thinking of the 1969 end to Sweden. Ukraine was to be Drop in the 2015 Bandy World Championship began by Russia because of the first F of Crimea the mobility currently, since Ukraine directly does browser as consuming of its pulp. 93; Schmeling was Louis, for the functionality's recipient commercial Y in 1936.
The read [Magazine] you disable followed cannot share confused. run your old resolution on the item and site to the constitutional content. Another return in the even culture may be you to the request. If you commit a lower max sure within 14 seconds of fermenter, we'll be improve it!
The Super-DLT (SDLT) 300/600 format was the third generation of Quantum's SDLT data tape storage format, with a native capacity of 300GB
Every migrated SDLT 300/600 tape cartridge is verified to ensure every migration is an exact copy. And we're fast. We have SDLT 300/600 tape drives and servers running 24/7 with highly trained, motivated staff to oversee operations.
0 Yaqui Pass Rd, Borrego Springs, CA is a property in San Diego. The total assessed value is $24,476.
oil and gas valves pumps skid manufacturers companies industries importers exporters suppliers and distributors worldwide mail
D.I.C.T. Philippines currently enables building a wide variety of disciplines, including Business and Entrepreneurship, Chemistry, Computer/Information Technology, Engineering and Design, Food and Agriculture, Life Sciences, Math and Statistics, and Physical Sciences.
Established in year 1979 by Mr.Oscar Ibay, Chairman and Owner of Datapro, the original business name. Afterwards in year 1993 it was named Datamex Institute of Computer Technology, College of Saint Adeline. From its modest beginning to its present status, Datamex continuous to grow its 2 year primary courses of:
With fourty (40) branches, and growing off-compus branches, placed in strategic location around the cities nationwide
Datamex is an educational institution committed in producing quality graduates fully develop person, globally competitive, expert in technological skills with solid foundation in Christian faith and readiness to serve the community and society.
To be an EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION efficient and excellent in technological and academicals components.
To be the CENTER OF RESEARCH for the advancement of new knowledge and information technology adopting a quality management system to sustain the need of the fast economic growth and social progress.
To be AN ADVOCATE of good attitude among intellectual leaders, socially responsible in the community and nation.
To be PRODUCERS of quality graduate who shall be globally competitive, innovative, civic-oriented, and adopts the quality management system for a skilled individuals, useful, productive and effective Filipino citizen.
DATAMEX has a carefully designed curriculum, high quality instruction, practical laboratory and building facilities. It has been providing its popular computer education courses in keeping with its mission providing educated, values-oriented, computer-literate, and globally adaptive citizens. It has strong and well-balanced personnel and faculty composed of stem technological educators, instructors skilled and experienced in the basic sciences as well as elite professionals.
(A) Before the examination – (a) Understand the subject thoroughly. (b) Do not memorise answers without understanding. (c) After getting general idea of a subject, select at least 100 important questions and prepare them thoroughly. (d) Improve English, as poor English creates bad impression on the examiner. Avoid long and unwieldy sentences. (e) Practice to solve examples. Mere reading examples does not help. (f) Slow and steady wins the race – regular study is much better than last month’s rush. (g) Solve as many old question papers as you can. (h) Make your base of mathematics strong – if it is weak. You should be fully comfortable at least upto 10th Matric mathematics. (i) Memorise a few important section numbers and case law and quote at appropriate places.
Quoting section numbers and important case law certainly makes better impression on examiner. Though it is not practicable to remember all sections and case law, some important section numbers/case law should be remembered. With this idea in mind, this Chapter covers core aspects of various Acts, important case law and section numbers for last minute brush up. Of course this will be useful only if a student has already studied and understood the subject.
(B) Attractive Paper Presentation – Answer paper should be made attractive and impressive by (a) Writing point-wise and precise answers (b) highlighting major points by different colour pen (c) drawing graphs and charts (d) making tabular statements wherever required (e) writing question number and sub-number and head-line of the question asked, which will facilitate the examiner in quickly assessing your paper.
(C) At the examination – (a) First solve examples which you know best. (b) Allocate time for answering each question and stop writing after time allotted by you to that question is over. Keep margin for checking. (c) Keep cool and do not panic.
(D) After the examination – (a) Do not discuss your answers with anyone immediately after the examination as it will upset your mood for next paper. However, after the whole examination is over, review your answers. (b) Remember that whatever be the type of questions and toughness or leniency of examiner, those who are extraordinarily brilliant are certain to pass while those who are with very low IQ are bound to fail. However, most of us (about 94%) are in between these two extremes. Hence success depends upon various factors including hard work and some amount of luck.
Pretty little railway station there. We passed by the hotel and walked across the bridge. We met Nicolai and Jonas, the two German lads we met yesterday – they had camped overnight by the river and were just breaking camp.
They overtook us about 20 minutes later! We climbed uphill for a while – then through woodland. We heard our first cuckoo of the year today as we were walking through the woods.
Our walk to Inverarnan was an easy one along a good path up to the top of Mam Carraigh – amazing views all around.
We followed the path down to the Inverarnan Hotel on Loch Tulla – you’ll not be surprised to hear that we treated ourselves to a cup of tea for two!
We met Jim and Mairi there and got chatting. Jim is retired now and used to work for the estate that owns the hotel. Lovely to meet you both.
Onwards over Victoria Bridge and on to Forest Lodge and the Parliamentary road – these were roads built by Telford who was commissioned in 1803 to build new roads and bridges in the Scottish Highlands. The road was easy walking and led us up through woodland, where we heard the cuckoo again.
We met Bradley from Western Canada – he is walking the WHW and plans some more walks in the UK before going home – good to meet you Bradley. Slowly the trees thinned and we found ourselves walking across moorland – beautiful in it’s emptiness.
We have met so many nice people. We crossed over Ba Bridge and climbed uphill for a while until we had our first view of the Kingshouse Hotel in the distance.
The Kingshouse Hotel was just a little further down across the road. We found a place to camp then went to the bar for supper and a beer or two.
We met Phil from Edinburgh who had been walking the hills and mountains for a few days. Good to meet you Phil and have a safe journey back to Edinburgh. We had a very pleasant evening and slept well too! We both think today has to be one of the best walks of the whole trip.
hi to you both, its fascinating to follow your journey. especially on w.h.w. as I did that last year. I am planning lejog with my 2 border collies when I retire in a couple or three years and am interested to hear that you navigate entirely by phone . How have you found that ?.
Delighted that you are on the West Highland Way, in my view, the best long distance walk in the UK. Did you get to the Drovers at Inverarnan? What did you think of the Kingshouse Hotel? AND the Devils Staircase? All the best for the remainder of your trek. Do you intend to walk the Great Glen Way? It is easy walking with lots of fabulous scenery including Ben Nevis and Neptunes Staircase.
We are walking the Great Glen Way on our way up to John o’Groats. Had lunch in the Drovers, wild camped at Kingshouse, and had a pint, and climbed the Devil’s Staircase in two.
Sounds like you had a fabulous day and walk. We so love reading your blog each evening. You say you have met so many nice people. We think they have met two lovely people in you guys. I, Peter remember this area with fondness as I, together with four friends cycled all around this area in 1962, staying in youth hostels. Oh so young!
United Kingsway Condos is a new condominium development by Fieldgate Urban currently in pre-construction located at 2915 Bloor Street West, Toronto in the Sunnylea neighbourhood with a 80/100 walk score and a 81/100 transit score. United Kingsway Condos is designed by TACT Architecture Inc.. The project is 8 storeys tall (27.1m, 89.0ft) and has a total of 90 suites. United Kingsway Condos is the #559 tallest condominium in Toronto and the #1 tallest condominium in Sunnylea. United Kingsway Condos is currently in Registration Phase
Grande Mirage is a New Condo development by Conservatory located at Confederation and Rathburn W, Mississauga.
Grande Mirage is a new development by Conservatory Group. Grande Mirage Condos is located at Confederation Pkwy & Rathburn Rd W, Mississauga. Prices start from $289,900 and Grande Mirage stands 22 storeys high.
Near 403, Grande Mirage Condos is in a central and convenient location. Right next to Square One, shopping needs are just steps away. City amenities such as Walmart, Cineplex, Whole Foods Market, etc are also next door.
With Grande Mirage Condos' reasonable price point and central location, this project is ideal for investors.
Nearby schools are Fairview Public School, Corpus Christi, Canadian Business College and Sheridan College Hazel McCallion Campus.
The Conservatory Group has been in the luxury condo building business throughout Mississauga, Brampton, Scarborough, North York, Ajax and more.
the blog is more exusively concerned than this one with presenting essays, reviews (inc. "bad reviews") , Visual Poetry, Sound Poetry, Event Scores, Manifestos, Manifotofestos, rantin' & raving, rock'roll, music all sorts--by myself and others--if you are interested in being a contributor, please feel free to contact me at david.chirot@gmail.com
as with this blog, the arts are investigated as a part of rather than apart from the historical, economic, political actualities of yesterday, today, & tomorrow
The government under pretext of security and progress, liberated us from our land, resources, culture, dignity and future. They violated every treaty they ever made with us. I use the word “liberated” loosely and sarcastically, in the same vein that I view the use of the words “collateral damage” when they kill innocent men, women and children. They describe people defending their homelands as terrorists, savages and hostiles . . . My words reach out to the non-Indian: Look now before it is too late—see what is being done to others in your name and see what destruction you sanction when you say nothing. --Leonard Peltier, Annual Message January 2004 (Leonard Peltier is now serving 31st year as an internationally recognized Political Prisoner of the United States Government)
# Injustice continues: Leonard Peltier denied parole‎ - By Mahtowin A wave of outrage swept the progressive community worldwide at the news that Native political prisoner Leonard Peltier was denied parole on Aug. ... Workers World - 2 related articles » US denies parole to American Indian activist Leonard Peltier‎ - AFP - 312 related articles » # Free Leonard Peltier 2009 PRISON WRITINGS...My Life Is My Sun Dance Leonard Peltier © 1999. # Prison Writings: My Life Is My Sun Dance - by Leonard Peltier, Harvey Arden - 2000 - Biography & Autobiography - 272 pages Edited by Harvey Arden, with an Introduction by Chief Arvol Looking Horse, and a Preface by former Attorney General Ramsey Clark. In 1977, Leonard Peltier... books.google.com/books?isbn=0312263805... - # Leonard Peltier, American Indian Activist, Denied Parole And Won't ... Aug 21, 2009 ... BISMARCK, ND — American Indian activist Leonard Peltier, imprisoned since 1977 for the deaths of two FBI agents, has been denied parole ... www.huffingtonpost.com/.../leonard-peltier-american_n_265764.html - Cached - Similar - #
Gaza--War Crime: Collective Punishment of 1.5 Million Persons--Recognized as "The World's Largest Concentration Camp"
Number of U.S. Military Personnel Sacrificed (Officially acknowledged) In America's War On Iraq: 4,667
The current 'Miss Universe' Dayana Mendoza (formerly Miss Venezuela) and 'Miss America' Crystal Stewart visited US troops stationed in Guantanamo Bay on March 20th, the New York Times reports. Here's Mendoza's account of the visit from her pageant blog last Friday. She says the trip "was a loooot of fun!"
This week, Guantánamo!!! It was an incredible experience...All the guys from the Army were amazing with us. We visited the Detainees camps and we saw the jails, where they shower, how the recreate themselves with movies, classes of art, books. It was very interesting. We took a ride with the Marines around the land to see the division of Gitmo and Cuba while they were informed us with a little bit of history.
The water in Guantánamo Bay is soooo beautiful! It was unbelievable, we were able to enjoy it for at least an hour. We went to the glass beach, and realized the name of it comes from the little pieces of broken glass from hundred of years ago. It is pretty to see all the colors shining with the sun. That day we met a beautiful lady named Rebeca who does wonders with the glasses from the beach. She creates jewelry with it and of course I bought a necklace from her that will remind me of Guantánamo Bay :)
Please join Apocryphal Theatre Lab for our upcoming lab showing of our newest experiments in working with the sacred and celebrity. It's at The People Show, which is an amazing theatre in Bethnal Green. As it's a pay what you can event, it won't cost you more than you can afford so we'd love to have you come along, have a drink with us and get your feedback. Please do RSVP if interested as there is limited seating and it's a one-off event...and of course please forward this invite on to those who may be interested.
Apocryphal Theatre would like to invite you to see us play for the first time at The People Show! Please come along to see our latest experiments, following on a residency in April at Rose Bruford College, we have been working with what is sacred, what is celebrity and what part of ourselves do we find in each of these? We are working from the twin poles of William James' Varieties of Religious Experience and the contemporary worship of the celebrity, asking ourselves were saints the celebrities of religion? Do celebrities have a certain demi-god status? How does this affect how we see, feel, experience, express the sacred or celebrity now and how do they coexist inside us?
Please do join us and stay around afterward to tell us what you experience during the evening and ask us any questions you may have whilst enjoying a drink with us during this festive season - to benefit the two good causes of Apocryphal Theatre and The People Show (who have generously hosted the lab this season).
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "The Performance List" group.
How I Fought to Survive Guantánamo By Patrick Barkham For nearly six years, British resident Omar Deghayes was imprisoned in Guantánamo and subjected to such brutal torture that he lost the sight in one eye. But far from being broken, he fought back to retain his dignity and his sanity. http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article24468.htm
Kohla Studio & various artists have hosted major International exhibitions of Sticker Art and related forms of Steet Art--Stenciling, Painting, Skate Board Art--
To degenerate as a result of the use of torture, & by its concealment & deception question human dignity & individual rights--
In the first lines of his Introduction to Torture: Cancer of Democracy France and Algeria 1954-62, Pierre Vidal-Naquet asks "Can a great nation, liberal by tradition, allows its institutions, its army, and its system of justice to degenerate over the span of a few years as a result of the use of torture, and by its concealment and deception of such a vital issue call the whole Western concept of human dignity and the rights of the individual into question?"
"To fit in with the change of events, words, too, had to change. What used to be thought of as a thoughtless act of aggression was now regarded as the courage one would expect to find in a party member; to think of the future and wait was merely another way of saying one was a coward, any idea of moderation was just an attempt to disguise one's unmanly character; ability to understand a question from all sides meant one was totally unfitted for action; frenzied violence came to be considered an attribute of a real man. "
These entries are ongoing found materials with which one works on various projects. They are an Anarkeyology of Site/Sight/Cites in which, by relinking the Military & Art meanings of "avant-garde," are found different ways of investigating separations, Walls, silences, distranslations, forgeries, torture, "Newspeak," censorship and propaganda as elements common to both war and writing/art historically & in the USA & Globally today.
The finding of these materials and the questions they open are, I find, "necessary," as the Formal separations of the American "avant-gardes" from the Military & external/ internal imperialist realities that are among the "symptoms . . . in language" that Pasolini notes "we (have) to go on."
Separations in, of, and by language are "necessary" to Vidal-Naquet's "concealment " of "torture, cancer of democracy," whose "deceptions" erect barriers, Walls, prisons, "Security," Surveillance between not only the torturers and the tortured, Occupiers and the Occupied, but between actions and words, so that a culture conceals itself from itself.
Materials & questions that are "necessary" to examine separations, concealments, deceptions that are "necessary"--
"Necessary"--to find among the "fictional" and the "factual," among street debris and the debris of Poetry, Writing & Arts, Street & Protest Arts and Actions, News Reports, Torture Documents , Prisons . . . the" failure to communicate" that haunts the Prison //Security//Surveillance System of Cool Hand Luke's"Boss Keane's Ditch" and daily covering more of the world. These interconnections and relinkings, the symptoms in language, is a work found by what I call "Necessity, the Motherfucker of Invention."
"Indeed when the truth which had been confined to literature emerged harsh and tragic within the context of everyday life, and could no longer be ignored, it seemed as if it were a product of literature."
This "truth" " is something so "obvious"that it becomes treated as a separation, a "fiction," rather than a "real, true fact."
To work with the "Hidden in Plain Site/Sight/Cite" can in this way be considered a "fiction," compared to the "reality" of a Formal Separation which is "immune to these things."
Sciascia notes the "Hidden in Plain Site/Sight/Cite" in using an expression from Poe's "The Purloined Letter:"
"(W)hat we called the invisibility of the obvious . . . (from Poe's Dupin) . . others have called over-obviousness . . . an obviousness linked to other obviousnesses , all of them conforming to a . . . concept of the clandestine."
This "invisibility" is separated from the "real, true fact," which the account and appearances of events create as the version that is "believed" to have occurred.
"One says: a real true fact. and such like. Real in this case seems to reinforce true, not simply as pleonasm but thus: a real true fact hasn't simply occurred but it has occurred as it is told, as it appeared, as it is believed . . . "
The separation of "what is told, as it appeared, as it is believed" from what is "the invisibility of the obvious" allows for the concealment and deception Vidal-Naquet writes of.
as an examination of these separations, symptons in language, and finding ways to link them in the term common to the military & ar t"avant- garde" in Necessity the Motherfucker of Invention's "New Extreme Experimental American Poetry& Arts.
If the word torture, rooted in the Latin for “twist,” means anything (and it means “the deliberate infliction of excruciating physical or mental pain to punish or coerce”), then waterboarding is a means of torture. The predecessor terms for its various forms are water torture, water cure and water treatment. The early phrase Chinese water torture described a cruel ordeal invented by Asian ancients. The purpose of slowly dripping water on the forehead until each little splash became unbearable was not “to elicit information through harsh interrogation” but to drive the victim mad. That phrase outlived its sadistic practice and is in use today, adopted as a metaphor for “repeated annoyance intended to infuriate.” In a 1991 hostage standoff, President George H. W. Bush decried “the cruel water torture of occasional vague promises.” The water cure was described as the response by some American soldiers to atrocities by Filipino insurgents after our liberation of the Philippine Islands in the Spanish-American war of 1898. At a Congressional hearing in the spring of 1902, the “cure” was described as water “poured onto his face, down his throat and nose. . . . His suffering must be that of a man who is drowning but who cannot drown.” Mark Twain, writing in the May 1902 issue of the North American Review, deplored “the torturing of Filipinos by the awful ‘water cure’ . . . to make them confess.” President Theodore Roosevelt disapproved, and in 1902 ordered the dismissal of the United States general in charge; in a letter to a German friend dated July 19, 1902, however, Roosevelt was slightly more understanding: to find out which Filipinos committed outrages, he wrote that “not a few” of our officers and enlisted men “began to use the old Filipino method of mild torture, the water cure. Nobody was seriously damaged, whereas the Filipinos had inflicted incredible tortures upon our own people.” T.R. was careful to add, “Nevertheless, torture is not a thing that we can tolerate.” To more recent times: in 1953, a U.S. fighter pilot told United Press that North Korean captors gave him the “water treatment” in which “they would bend my head back, put a towel over my face and pour water over the towel. I could not breathe. . . . When I would pass out, they would shake me and begin again.” In 1976, a United Press International reporter wrote that U.S. Navy trainees “were strapped down and water poured into their mouths and noses until they lost consciousness. . . . A Navy spokesman admitted use of the ‘water board’ torture . . . to ‘convince each trainee that he won’t be able to physically resist what an enemy would do to him.’ ” In 1991, the columnist Jack Anderson — confusing the phrase about ancient practice with the modern development — wrote of “the Chinese water board demonstration, one of the most dangerous in the Navy arsenal. Water is then poured over their faces by an instructor to simulate prisoner-of-war treatment.” Without the “Chinese” reference, such “simulated drowning” is the method most often used today to describe the interrogation of three suspected terrorists, about which the C.I.A. director recently testified. The earliest use of the phrase water boarding I can find is in an article about the interrogation of the suspected terrorist Khalid Sheikh Mohammed (often awarded the bogus title “9/11 mastermind”). It was posted on the Web site of The New York Times on May 12, 2004, by James Risen, David Johnston and Neil Lewis, published in The Times and carried worldwide on the A.P. wire the next day: “C.I.A. interrogators used graduated levels of force, including a technique known as ‘water boarding,’ in which a prisoner is strapped down, forcibly pushed under water and made to believe he might drown.”
Palestinian Poet/Souvenir Seller Taha Muhammad Ali: life told as “My Happiness Bears No Relation to Happiness,” a biography by Adina Hoffman.
Palfest 09: Culture vs. Power: (w/video) "to confront the culture of power with the power of culture."
Video, article: Armed soldiers, police, attempt to shut down Palestine Festival of Literature opening nigh
Organize Against Military Aid at National Marches, Campus BDS Tour, Israeli Apartheid in New York Times, and More! | Occupation
http://www.palfest.org/ http://www.palfest.org/index.html Festival Dates News Participants Programme Connect About Us Archive Press Welcome to the Palestine Festival of Literature: a traveling cultural roadshow touring across the West Bank from the 23rd to the 28th of May 2009. Because of the difficulties Palestinians face under military occupation in traveling around their own country, the Festival will travel to its audiences. It will tour to Ramallah, to Jenin, to al-Khalil/Hebron and to Bethlehem. To celebrate its year as Cultural Capital of the Arab World, the festival will begin and end in Jerusalem. And for those audiences that we can't reach, we're running several ways to connect with the festival: from author blogs to videos to twitter updates you can check them all out on our Connect page. Videos Photos Author Blog Festival Blog Contact Us Follow Us:0-twitter---facebook-- YouTube----flickr _____________-_ _ Contact _ © 2009 Engaged Events. Registered UK Charity number 1123273
Monday, May 25, 2009 Palfest 09: Culture vs. Power The Guardian reports today that armed Israeli police last night tried to halt the opening night of the Palestinian Festival of Literature, organised by Ahdaf Soueif, when they ordered a Palestinian theatre in East Jerusalem to close, claiming that the festival - which is funded by the British Council and UNESCO - had received funding from the Palestinian Authority. Soueif writes on Palfest's author blog http://www.palfest.org/authorsblog.html (referring to a famous phrase of Edward Said's): Today, my friends, we saw the clearest example of our mission: to confront the culture of power with the power of culture. Authority. Soueif writes on Palfest's author blog (referring to a famous phrase of Edward Said's):
Today, my friends, we saw the clearest example of our mission: to confront the culture of power with the power of culture.
Despite attempts to prevent the sharing and transmission of culture, Palfest is using all the communications tools at its disposal to reach out -- for videos, photos, blogs and other Palfest updates go here. Here's a video from the opening night:
The story of a man from Guinea who was detained in New Jersey raises questions about accountability and oversight in U.S. immigration detention system.
Israeli forces ended their offensive against Hamas in Gaza on Saturday, 17 January, following the declaration of ceasefires by Hamas and Israel.
Highlighted below are some of the main buildings identified as destroyed or damaged in Gaza City and the surrounding area as of 16 January, when this latest satellite image was taken.
The image, taken for Unosat at the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, has helped researchers identify at least 566 destroyed or damaged buildings.
Palestinian medical sources say more than 1,010 Palestinians were killed in the violence, which began on 27 December 2008. Israel says 13 Israelis died, including 10 soldiers in the campaign and three civilians killed as a result of rocket fire from Gaza.
cpdweb.org — Campaign for Peace and Democracy sign-on statement. massive military attacks on Gaza, Israel has again engaged in actions contrary to morality, international law, the cause of peace, and to the long-term best interests of the people of Israel. And, once again, the United States government has been the enabler of Israeli actions: [To sign:-
Waiting for the Guards highlights interrogation techniques used in the 'war on terror'. The film was made using members of the extreme performance artist troupe who enacted the interrogation scenes for real. The film demonstrates the so called Stress Position and is the first in a series of films focusing on different 'enhanced interrogation' techniques. For now the film is an exclusive for the web, before a theatrical release in independent UK cinemas in early 2008. We believe that the film is a great introduction to the unsubscribe movement, so we ask you to get the movie out there, in any way you can. The more people who will see it, the more people will be compelled to unsubscribe.
The field of vision always seemed to me comparable to what the ground is for archeological exploration. To see is to be lying in wait for what may spring up from the ground, nameless; for what presents no interest whatsoever, what is silent will speak, what is closed is going to open, it is always the trivial that is productive, and so this constant interest in the incidental, in the margins of whatever sort, that is, in the void and absence.
After the deaths of two immigrant detainees, a review of the cases prompted recommendations for faster reporting of deaths and better sharing of information.
The government should be rushing to improve the oversight and care in its sprawling detention system to protect all detainees.
A bill would require the secretary of the Homeland Security Department to report all deaths in immigration detention within 48 hours to the Justice Department's inspector general as well as its own.
As authorities continue rounding up illegal immigrants in these harsh days of ever-stricter enforcement, the potential for abuse will grow largely out of sight.
The Senate immigration bill that is lumbering toward final passage is overloaded with provisions that will make life harsher and more unfair for immigrants.
Lawmakers and government investigators are examining deaths of immigrants who die while in custody as immigration detention system swells to meet demands for stricter enforcement of immigration laws; family members and advocates have difficulty getting information about those who die in custody of immigrant detention, patchwork of federal, private and local facilities; new Immigration and Customs Enforcement report finds that 62 immigrants have died in custody since 2004; immigration officials ...
A case before a federal court of appeals has linked the Bush administration's methods of interrogating prisoners to a sharp change in the standards of humanitarian law at home.
Edwin Bulus, who fled Nigeria after members of family were jailed for allegedly plotting coup against military regime, has been detained by Immigration and Naturalization Service since arriving at Kennedy International Airport in May 1995, and his treatment has sometimes been harsh; is accused by Federal Government of entering country with false documents, and has since been denied parole while request for asylum is pending; asylum advocates describe handling of case by immigration service as K...
Explore a Detention Watch graphic showing the locations of immigration detention facilities across the country.
House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration, Citizenship, Refugees, Border Security and International Law
An author and niece of a deceased detainee testified before the congressional hearing on detention on Oct. 4, 2007.
On January 23, 2006, the date of the most recent federal election, I resided at _______________________________, Vancouver, in the federal riding of Vancouver Kingsway, and was qualified to vote, and did vote in that election in that riding.
On January 23, 2006, I voted for Mr. David Emerson, the candidate for the Liberal Party of Canada, in the federal riding of Vancouver Kingsway.
(b) if I had known on January 23, 2006 that Mr. Emerson would later become the Member of� Parliament for the riding of Vancouver Kingsway for any party other than the Liberal Party.
If Mr. Emerson had been the candidate for the Conservative Party of Canada in the federal riding of Vancouver Kingsway on January 23, 2006, then I would have voted for the Liberal candidate in that riding instead of for Mr. Emerson.
Hotel | Welcome to Indura Beach - Golf Resort Curio Collection by Hilton a tropical gem on the northern coast of Tela Bay. Steps from the crystal-blue Caribbean Sea the hotel is also surrounded by jungles and national parks offering a world of excursions... Leer más
chrome hearts gifts for sale,north face outlet,jackets sale: hand eye their silver and us this Pinteres help them fun your you kids sterling more Make develop time pendants co ordination a lots more suc fine skills for motor with as Follow mens
hand eye their silver and us this Pinteres help them fun your you kids sterling more Make develop time pendants co ordination a lots more suc fine skills for motor with as Follow mens
We had family and friends visiting from out of town last week, so we brought them to the Inner Harbor. It's always a good, easy spot to bring new tourists. Especially on a hot day!
The Dom Tower of Utrecht is the tallest church tower in the Netherlands, at 112 metres (368 feet) in height, and the hallmark of the city. The tower was part of Dom Church, the medieval cathedral of Utrecht, and was built between 1321 and 1382.
I walked ALL the way to the top! All 465 steps, every last one of them. They are doing some maintenance work on the tower, so it was easy to imagine what it might have been like in the 14th century Let’s lust say I really like my job
I also spent time walking around Utrecht, exploring the streets, getting lost, learning how to read a map….you really do need to know where you are to be able to figure out where you’re going.
Today was Frites day, I had my first Belgian fries with Mayo for lunch…well….I did walk up all those steps, didn’t I?
Dinner was much Better, health wise, fresh Herring with onions and sweet pickles and a bottle of water. DELICIOUS
A typical Dutch delicacy is raw herring (Hollandse Nieuwe). This is typically eaten with raw onions. Hollandse nieuwe is only available in spring when the first seasonal catch of herring is brought in. This is celebrated in festivals such as the Vlaardingen Herring Festival
A soused herring, Zoute Haring Dutch, or Matjes (German, Swedish), is an especially mild salt herring, which is ripened using enzymes in a salty solution, or brine. In the Netherlands they are called maatjesharing which means maiden herring
Amazon has this 16 Pack of Dove Sensitive Skin Beauty Bars for only $9.87 when you clip the 20% off coupon and checkout through Subscribe & Save! Note: Once your order ships, you can go into your Amazon account and …
Here's a HOT price on Dove Bar Soap, Sensitive Skin Unscented, 4 Ounce, 16 Count - it's on sale for buy one, get one 50% off, plus with Subscribe and Save discount - you'll pay as low as $17.58 for TWO packages - or 32 bars of soap. This is $0.55 cents a bar - for comparison Costco is $1/bar (see Costco price list here)! Here's how to get this deal: 1.) Go here: Dove Bar Soap, Sensitive Skin Unscented, 4 Ounce, 16 Count and use drop-down menu to select quantity 2 and add them via Subscribe and Save. 2.) If you have
Goat milk contains over 50 nutrients, acids, minerals and enzymes that work to nourish and revitalize dehydrated skin. It is the only milk that contains capric capryllic triglyceride. Because goat milk soap has a pH level similar to human skin it benefits the skin by protecting skin from bacterial and chemical invasions.
Goat’s milk has the closest PH level to our skin. It is full of essential nutrients and vitamins like vitamin C, B1, B6, B12, and E. It helps protect our skin from invading bacteria and chemicals, can reduce skin inflammation, and soothes dry and damaged skin.
The moringa leaf is a highly-touted superfood that comes from a family of trees called “Moringaceae” that are native mostly to Asia and Africa. The tree is used in barren countries like Africa to help combat malnutrition. The most potent is the moringa oleifera, which comes from the foothills of the Himilayas in northwestern India. […]
Oh, how I love Dove Beauty Bar. I love the way it smells, the way it looks, and the soft fluffy clean lather I get from it. Many years ago I owned a home cleaning business (one of our city’s…
Silky smooth skin can be attained by using shea body butter. This unrefined rich moisturizer works wonders on your skin by making a barrier between your skin and water. It totally protects what ever part of your skin you put it on. Shea body butter can reverse signs of aging, improve skin tone and elasticity, decrease stretch marks, help with scaley skin and eczema. There are many, many benefits of using shea body butter.
Dove Extra Sensitive Beauty Bar contains ¼ moisturising cream to nourish, protect, and pamper dry, rough, or sensitive skin. It has a mild formula that is fragr...
So yesterday, BuzzFeed&#39;s editors, in a super duper blatant breach of the tenets of their Editorial Standards And Ethics Guide, deleted a post in which staff writer Arabelle Sicardi criticized toiletries brand Dove for its sleazy, exploitative advertising. Dove, you see, is owned by Unilever—the multinational consumer goods behemoth last seen being an oversensitive penis over the definition of mayonnaise—which happens to be one of BuzzFeed&#39;s major advertising partners.
The best part about going #teambarsoap is that it's way more affordable than buying foaming cleanser after foaming cleanser.
I feel like companies should be required to put a little sticker or notice on their products when the formula changes... it's just a NICE thing to do for your customers, you know? I've been using Dove's Fragrance-Free Hypoallergenic Sensitive Skin Bars for a couple years and it's been great.
Free 2-day shipping on qualified orders over $35. Buy Dove Sensitive Skin Beauty Bar, 4 oz, 6 bar at Walmart.com
Dove Bar Soap, Sensitive Skin, 135g Pink	This fragrance free soap bar is recommended by dermatologists and pediatricians	This Dove soap bar, beauty bar is hypoallergenic and unscented catering to sensitive skin	Dove bar soap contains 1/4 moisturizing lotion and cream, so it doesn't dry out skin like other soaps can	Works great as a moisturizing hand soap, body soap, bath soap, and moreProduct DescriptionDove Sensitive Skin Unscented Beauty Bar pampers sensitive skin with Dove moisturizing cream and a truly mild formula that's fragrance free, hypoallergenic and unscented. Dove is the No.1 cleansing bar recommended by dermatologist and pediatricians.
Looking for great sensitive skin care? This bar is hypoallergenic and unscented, and contains our formula with ¼ moisturizing cream and mild cleansers, to help retain skin’s natural moisture.
100% Genuine Guaranteed, In Stock Buy Online for Rs.150 Only. Top Selling Rated A+ in Bath & Body Bath Soaps Category
hi, im 30. since i was a little child i always bruised easily. my parents took me to many docs when i was a baby and a teen and they said 'sensitive skin'. later on they said i have slightly high platelets (always around 450,000 since i was...
Despite labels that tote a detergent as being great for sensitive skin, I have finally discovered that the best laundry detergent for my children with eczema is laundry detergent that I make myself. This sort of makes me Ma Ingalls, and I fully plan on learning how to churn butter and also crochet doilies. Actually, making …
Free 2-day shipping on qualified orders over $35. Buy Dove Sensitive Skin Unscented Hypo-Allergenic Beauty Bar, 4 oz, 10 count at Walmart.com
Keep reading before you start defending your beloved bar of soap.The pH of healthy skin is between 4.5 and 5.5. Traditional soap is generally at about a 9, which is far too alkaline. Even "pH balanced" soaps, including Dove, are generally at a 7, which is neutral, but still too a
Bar soaps have been around since the dawn of civilization, with the very first recipes made of a few simple ingredients; rendered animal fats and salt. Occasionally, ashes from various burned plant life were also used in different cultures. You can’t beat the cost-saving convenience of a bar soap. Toss them on the side of …
There are chemicals in commercial soap that can cause problems such as dry skin. Commercial soap keeps your skin from feeling and looking as good as it can. Goat milk soap is all natural which help to create healthier skin for you. Why not use a natural soap that is fortified with vitamins and helps to strengthen the skin instead of drying it out or causing rashes.
Amazon has this Mrs. Meyers Liquid Hand Soap Refill (33 oz) for just $6.64 shipped when you checkout through Subscribe & Save! Note: Even though this is an add-on item, you can still purchase it on its own through Subscribe […]
Nourish and protect sensitive skin with Dove Sensitive Beauty Cream Bar. This daily beauty bar features a truly mild hypoallergenic formula made with one-quarter moisturising cream to soothe and care for delicate skin.
You have chosen to download Glossy clock red fl theme s40 320x240 by Wb7themes. By downloading this free Themes Nokia 320x240 you agree that:
You have chosen to download Neon theme s40 320x240 by Wb7themes. By downloading this free Themes Nokia 320x240 you agree that:
Discover the benefits of the world's best retail FX platform: OANDA - excellence in technology innovation, customer service and execution - FX-Week e-FX Awards 2016
Broker Independent. Our Forex Trading Systems and Free Tools can be used with every Broker who supports trading with the very popular Meta Trader platform.
New to Forex Trading? Try OANDA’s award-winning trading platforms, desktop, MT4, or mobile apps, with a free $100k demo account.
FOREXTrader Pro is a platform that allows you to buy and sell currencies. This is a web application created with Microsoft Forex trading is a profitable
CitiFX Pro Review 2018. aside from offering spot forex, clients of CitiFx Pro also offer their clients the CitiFx Web Trader. A web version of the CitiFX Pro
The eSignal award-winning trading products and services offer something for every level of trader and professional. eSignal's trading Forex and options quotes
I acknowledge that I will be trading CFD products with Xtrade, with Currency Pairs (i.e. Forex)? What is the extent of your trading experience within the
Web Trading Login. Username This field is the leveraged nature of forex trading means that any market movement will have an equally proportional effect on your
This work is copy written work by Josh Taylor and Trade Advisor Pro. By Josh Taylor FIND US ON: Visit our web site for TONS of training a better Forex trader.
Live quotes, free charts and expert trading ideas. TradingView is a social network for traders and investors on Stock and Futures and Forex markets!
06/08/2017 · Fortrade Mobile Trader offers online traders live access to their trading account via Android. The application is highly customizable, and fully
Europe’s #1 CFD Trading Platform (by number of new traders in 2017). Your capital is at risk. Trade the world’s most popular markets: Forex, Cryptocurrencies
Forex Trader Pro | Forex Educational Course Disclosure: Some of the links on this site are affilate links, so buying through them may result in compensation for this
The FOREXTrader PRO platform is a web based trading platform which is fully customizable. The platform is designed specifically for trading forex and features a
Forex, cfd trading on stocks, stock indices, oil and gold on MT4 and MT5. Trade forex online with XM™, a licensed forex broker.
thought I ought to hop on for the last time to remind you that today is the last chance to enter both my own candy and the candy on the
I used three panels die cut with the rectangle pierced die a fabulous sentiment and three buttons threaded with twine. The buttons are available from Crafty Ribbons
I would like to take a moment to say hello to all my new followers and thank all of my visitors for their wonderful comments, which allows me to hop over and visit you in return.
products. I made this one whilst cooling of from the gorgeous sunshine, but remember those new releases are out soon so keep watching.....................
Also it is coming to the end of the current candy in my sidebar so if you have not already, please do hop and join in, would hate you to miss out.
The first thing I need to do today is wish my beloved and very special Matt a Happy Birthday, as I type this without him knowing about it, he sits opposite me smiling away at the computer on his desk, but know he will check my post :)
I treated myself to a new embossing folder and I also got some guilding wax, so I found this fabulous turquoise blue card and got to work. You can just see the raised areas with the guilding wax on them. I used black as the contrast. I found my garden twine stuff and ran a layer across the card, placed some turquoise ribbon from my stash on top of this before adding the image plate and image. I finished off with some black buttons and two black pins.
Just thought I would pop on and let you know that there is a new release and that some shops are already taking pre orders on this one, and I can tell you that it is going to be another exciting release
I am here today with something a little different. The gorgeous Pam from Pami's Crafty Creations asked me to join in with the Creative Bloggers Hop.
Its a continuous Hop every Monday with a host of different inspirational bloggers taking part each week . Thank you Pam for asking me, it is an honour to be here!
I have known Pam for a long time, she was a regular entrant in the Winter Wonderland Challenge and then joined the Hobby House Design Team almost a year ago now and always produces such gorgeous pieces to inspire you all.
oh gosh!! I have so many things running around in my head at the moment, that I would love to create and for a few weeks I will be in play mode. I am ahead with my DT work so lots of play time ahead and lots of new crafty stash to learn how to use. I want to try some new things like my Card-io stamping. But I suppose if I have to answer what I am actually working on now, I am just starting to create a 40th Wedding Anniversary Card and a Special Glass Etching piece for my favorite Aunt and Uncle.
I think I am like so many other fabulous crafters who just enjoy creating. I suppose I am quite diverse and do like to turn my hand to everything and anything. I think I am known for my love of ribbons and use of Wild Rose Studio products overall.
I started crafting in 2009, wow that seems such a long time ago. I think I started for something to do because my beloved Matt took up fishing. The idea was that I could create the cards for the family occasions, however it did not take long I suppose for me to continue to venture in other crafty areas. I suppose creativity is in my blood and if I was not doing what I am doing, I would be doing something else creative in it's space.
Blimey these questions do seem to get harder. It really depends. If I am creating to showcase a new product then this is normally the starting point, although if I am just in my creative flair moments, I form ideas in my head and then try recreate them in real life................sometimes this works and sometimes it does not quite, but then Matt is always helpful and so long as I explain to him what my vision was like, he can normally find a solution to any hiccups I have in the translation.
I met Kelly through blog land too.............sounds like I live in blog land lol. Kelly creates such beautiful pieces so soft and pretty with lots of glitter, simply stunning, you should take a look at her blog.
I met Cathy through blog land and she creates the most amazing and beautiful cards, she is currently on the DT for Craft Room Challenges
Well, that’s it from me, I have you have enjoyed my Creative Blog Hop and that you have enjoyed finding out a bit more about me!
Starting today I am on my college holiday which means as you can guess play time :) so many things I want to have a go at. But before I can I have the carpenter coming to sort out my kitchen, which is much needed, but requires Matt and I to empty the kitchen.......................... I am sure we will be exceedingly quick!!
So my creation I am sharing with you today is a Leaving card for the lady that the etched mirror was for, we shall miss her but I am sure she will have some wonderful interesting years ahead of her. So here is the card that everyone signed, so much so I had to extend the signing pages by adding to the rear of the card.
The papers are K & Co, these along with all of the embellishments are from the Hobby House, the flowers are from Clickit4Crafts, Wild Orchid Crafts and the Hobby House
All of the links to the locations I purchase my crafty bits from can be found in my where I shop page, above.
products. This is one of those images I coloured up whilst trying to keep cool at the weekend, had such fun, then decided when it got cooler in my craft room to use some of my purchases from Summer Crafting. The tiny wreath around the edge is made from Card-io stamps, little tiny ones, such fun :)
So I am hoping to inspire you to use up your old boxes, this piece originally started with an old MDF box that I was given, the side had broken off so I need to glue it back together, I do so love up-cycling
I just could not resist using those gorgeous Wedding Owl ribbons, although this was not created for a wedding, so just shows you how versatile the ribbons are
I gave the MDF a coat of gesso, before adding some lovely papers I ordered from the Hobby House. I then added some lace from Grimsby Crafts. I added lots of pearl strings and a pearl flourish from the Hobby House, before adorning with that gorgeous ribbon.
I finished off with an assortment of flowers from Clickit4Crafts, Wild Orchid Crafts and ebay :) all in white and creams.
and wow what a hot one it has been, those expected storms did not arrive however a huge swarm of queen ants did. Had to keep the dog in, so she did not lay on them, whilst I was working away in my craft room.
I thought I would share with you a mirror that I etched for a lovely lady at work that is leaving as a special present from my boss and myself.
I love how it turned out, but photographing was an issue, as I kept getting myself in the reflection. So finally took this shot of it on my floor :) missing me out the shot..............
Just a quick reminder that I still have Wild Rose Studio Candy running in my side bar, for those of you that have not entered yet.
I decided to make a Gazebo that I had seen on the silhouette on line store. I have found that if I print my images off at work, they are so much better. So after sending the little fairies to work, and my work colleague saying how much her daughter would love them. I explained what I was making with them. I then asked her if she would like it when it was finished and she said yes and I understand it is going to sit on top of her daughters birthday cake. So here is my creation but do check out the rest of the inspiration by the very talented design team.
The gazebo is cut from two 12 x 12 white pages from the Papermill. I added some of those gorgeous pearl strings from the Hobby House all the way down each of the sections, before threading through the large gold ribbon and the smaller ribbon from Crafty Ribbons. The fairy images are from Emerald Fairies. I coloured them all up in my copics and then cut them all out ready for positioning. The little butterflies were coloured in copics to match the images as was the sentiment on the top, which I airbrushed. I added glitter to all of the butterflies around the sentiment and also on the wings of the images. So pleased how it turned out and think it will look amazing on the cake. All of the links to the locations I purchase my crafty bits from can be found in my where I shop page, above.
products. But before I go on, I just want to apologise for my tardiness of commenting, this will resume back to normal shortly, just a tad busy at the moment.
Anyway this is one of those images I coloured up whilst it was raining and horrible, well it just has to be done
The base colour and contrast is kraft card. I have added one of my new sentiments, they are a little big but have every saying going, I got them from Grimsby Crafts :) I added glitter to the centre of the flowers some gold pearls and a little tiny heart rhinestone from the Hobby House and some yellow wire edged ribbon from Crafty Ribbons. All the links to the shops are on my page above.
but before I move on I just wanted to say what a fabulous weekend I had, I got to meet up with a very old blogging buddy (not that she is old at all, I have known her years) but never met her, so I was thrilled to meet up with Marianne this weekend, and lovely to meet Deborah and Janet too. So I suppose I ought to show you my new stash, as I cannot wait to start playing with it, such a shame I had to clear a couple of orders on Sunday otherwise, I would have played already :)
Now I have had lots of time to play recently which I am really enjoying and this is some of my copic playing, I was inspired to play this time by one of the Hobby House Design Team members Pam, who had created a gorgeous card and coloured the sea, so I went off on a mission, after four attempts and lots of guidance from the Hubby, I finally think I got it, but lots more practicing to move forward too, I think. As with all things practicing makes perfect.
So here is what I created but don't forget to hop on over and see what else those fabulous design team members and our guests have made to inspire you
The base layer and contrast on this one is a lovely deep turquoise blue. I have used some of those gorgeous "Icing on the Cake" papers from Wild Rose Studio and then my new MFT pierced die to cut out the image. I added a few Stamposaurus sentiments and those little House Mouse footprints to finish
As always I would like to thank all of my wonderful visitors and followers for their inspiring comments, which encourage me and allow me to hop over in return to see their gorgeous work and welcome my new followers.
The base layer is white as is the contrast. I distressed all the edges and layered up three different papers to match this weeks theme at the Winter Wonderland. I added some Rhinestone flourishes, some rhinestones, a couple of feathers a click it 4 crafts lilly, two memory box rolled flowers and a pink poinsettia from my stash, along with a couple of pearls. The pearls and rhinestones are from the Hobby House, the link is in my side bar.
Here is a close up of our dear Bluebell, coloured in copics with a little Atyou glitter pen and stickles too.
As always I would like to welcome my new followers and thank all my visitors for their fabulous comments, which allows me to hop over and visit you in return.
Don't forget that I have candy on offer at the moment for you WRS lovers and there is also some candy on the WRS Inspirational Blog both are in the sidebars :)
The base layer is brown as is the contrast. I added a punched panel edged in lace before adding the image. I then decorated with that gorgeous brown ribbon, a fancy button, a cameo and some pearls from the Hobby House, along with a couple of their roses and some lilies and a lovely daisy from Clickit4Crafts. The little pearl frond and flowers are from the local department store. The sentiment is from the Hobby House.
and I decided to do some up-cycling. This box arrived with lots of crafty goodies in it originally, but I needed a box to put a gift in, so using the recent release
I started this box by adding a coat or two of gesso. I then added some gorgeous papers that I ordered through the Hobby House. I punched some white card with my MS edge punch and ran this around the edge at the top and bottom. I added some pearl strings from the Hobby House on to this. I ran the gorgeous ribbon around the box. I then added some liquid pearls around the punch work. On the top I added an array of flowers from Clickit4Crafts and a few odd ones from my stash. Those butterflies of course those new dies from Wild Rose Studio, in colours to match the ribbon butterflies. Finishing off with liquid pearl bodies, a sentiment and a couple of flourishes from the Hobby House. All links to shops are in my where I shop page.
This photo shows that the box was a little damaged from my eagerness to open it originally, however once the gift was in I could seal it down straight :)
All content, including text, photographs and design elements are © Kate Wiles. Content within this blog is shared for personal use and inspiration only.
November is chock-o-block with great art shows, so here is a short list to get you started. Also, check out Artlink’s new First Friday Trolley Tour!
Whether it’s community news, food, shopping or sports, let the Downtown Phoenix Journal be your guide to an urban lifestyle. We offer a friendly, straightforward insider’s view of all things Downtown Phoenix. From world-class restaurants and museums to events to plan your day around, the Downtown Phoenix Journal is your guide as you Explore Your Core.
Want to stay up to date on the latest happenings and trends in Downtown Phoenix? Subscribe to our newsletter to receive a weekly digest of the latest and greatest from Downtown Phoenix Journal!
Another warm day in Tennessee. The V-neck undershirt peaking out is a matter out for debate. Initial feelings are that I’ve lost too much weight for this shirt. The collar is very open now and the alternative is going to be wearing it without an undershirt. The versatility of a good set of Cords (Corduroy Pants) should not be underestimated. They go from casual to sport to business casual effortlessly. The traditional colors for them are the more earthy tan or chocolate brown. I don’t feel that the purpose and scope of this specific series is going to allow me to touch on “sport” dress with the detail it deserves. A common misconception is that sport refers to golfing clothes. It does, but it’s so much more than that. If you enjoy shooting sporting clays, that’s a sport too. Sporting dress can include clothes that are lightweight and allow a full range of motion (such as would be used for golf) or clothes that are rugged and snag resistant (such as would be used for Upland Hunting). What to wear for these sports and occasions is important and deserving their own articles.
Thursday turned out to be another intense study day for me. Got to love the comic book sweatshirt. It keeps my geek/nerd credit high.
Today wraps up the first week of February and the first week of the “What Am I Wearing?” series. Going forward this series will be updated biweekly on Mondays and Thursdays. Updating twice a week is going to give me the opportunity to post the new pics and start to point out trends and nitpick myself for your benefit. Topics will include socks, shoe styles, and pant choices.
For some context, this was Super Bowl Sunday. The wife and I went out to the grocery store for a few items. The tie went on because I wasn’t satisfied with the way the collar looked unbuttoned on this particular shirt. The navy cardigan above is 100% Wool and probably the warmest article of clothing I own. I reserve it for the coldest days. It looks great, keeps me warm, and replaces a much heavier jacket.
Mondays are days that I get to enjoy college campus life. I have never seen a shirt so loud with such muted colors. This shirt may have a Western-Inspired plaid going on, it’s cut and fit is more business casual. However, it’s pattern would make me squeamish to wear it in a true business casual setting. In a true business casual setting, you should wear a shirt that you could wear a tie with. Business casual doesn’t necessarily mean you aren’t wearing a tie. Food for thought.
An unusual Tuesday for me today. Nothing social on the calendar, leaving me to hit the books, do some homework, and try out a new recipe for Manicotti. Those brown leather slip on shoes I paid around $10.00 for and are my standard mulling around the house shoe on relaxed days. Also, my go to shoe for dog walking.
What to wear? What am I specifically wearing? Questions that I’m sure people ask me in their minds when they remark how well put together I am during the two days of the week they happen to see me. I’m honestly not sure if people think I go home and throw on busted jeans and a torn t-shirt or if I don a full tuxedo. This series, going forward, will be mostly pictures. Every day I’ll snap a picture or two of myself and post them here. For context, I’ll also note where I’m going or where I’ve been. The hope is that I can effectively demonstrate what to wear and when.
Today I had a monthly breakfast, with a committee meeting following, with my Fraternity. Still casual, but not t-shirt and jeans.
Today’s post illustrates that there are many forms of casual. From t-shirt and work pants, to a button-down shirt and corduroys. Let’s not forget business casual! Setting plays a large part of knowing how to dress. If you’re unfamiliar with the setting, always dress at the upper end of the spectrum. For example, if a corporate funded dinner says “business casual”, I would suggest slacks, sport coat, and tie if it’s your first time in that specific setting.
I may include brand descriptions in the future (and subsequently links to where items could be purchased), but the intent of these articles are not to promote any specific brands. With that said, there are certain clothing items that should last you many years, so be selective with regard to quality.
Tuesday, September 25, class begins 7:00/Pence 228, with rehearsals every Tuesday evening through December 9th. All date/times may be subject to change. Please be flexible.
Thank you Toymaker and Dave for this great tool that the Forum has became. I've been checking out carveraudio since 97/98 and it's so cool that were all now a part of the great forum. Back than I never thought I would become the Carveraudio Manual go to person. Thanks for letting me be a part of what goes on in the background.
James could you shoot me a picture that was on the home page before the C1000 days. At Carverfest you said there was and earler picture on the home page, I sure would love to see what it was
"Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to youuuuuu, Happy Birthday Dear Forum members.......and those who created it and all others who might enjoy some threads or not......Happy Birthday to YOUUUUUUU!"
OconeeOrange wrote: "Gary likes to play it 'loud' as do I. His system begs you turn it up until you die"
I've never been into forums, at all. But, thanks to everyone here, especially James & Dave, I am hooked on this forum. I have learned so many things and really have gotten the "bug" to better my audio/video system. (I don't have a problem, though). I've also made some new friends, it can't be better than this.
stereo_dog wrote: I've never been into forums, at all. But, thanks to everyone here, especially James & Dave, I am hooked on this forum. I have learned so many things and really have gotten the "bug" to better my audio/video system. (I don't have a problem, though). I've also made some new friends, it can't be better than this.
Thank you Dave & James for creating this haunt - a place we can all put our feet up, get info on our cherished equipment, discuss and exchange views (sometimes rather strongly) ... but most of all, a home where we can truly be open, honest and be proud of being passionate about loving the Carver brand .... and be open for suggestions if your spouse sold your gear in your absence.
This place is better than therapy! Or maybe it is thereapy! Either way it's a good place to put your feet up.
In search of accurate reproduction of music. Real sound is my reference and while perfection may not be attainable? If I chase it, I might just catch excellence.
The best way to enjoy digital music reproduction is to never listen to a good analogue reproduction.
Sorry I have not been posting lately, my Mom got sick and took my attention for awhile. She is doing fine now for 93.
Anyway to all the newbies in the last two months a belated welcome to the best thing you will find on the net.
To Tom "Treitz", thank you especially for the fest even though I wasn't able to attend. Your profile lists you as a CEO. I'm retired but I would hire you to run ANY company. What you accomplished with the fest was REALLY PHENOMENAL! YOU made it happen, Thank you.
Dreamer, the T-shirts allowed me to share some of the joy of the fest. What a great idea. Thank You.
1. Dr. Barry Rand (IMEC, Belgium), “Structural and photonic control of small molecular weight organic solar cells” (11:00 - 11:35)
Daytime public urination and piss trickiling through her pants is demonstrated by a beautiful chick in pink pants
Try to spy on peeing chicks as if you have hidden inside the lavatory pan! Look up and you will see that hot pussy getting down on you and releasing all that golden liquid right onto your face! These are unforgettable impressions you will never get anywhere
Love pissing porn? The time has come to spice it up with a touch of reality voyeur action! 100% exclusive video feeds from public loos located all over the city. Watch out, sugar - your girlfriend might have already fallen victim to our cameramen!
Twin deck DJ player with auto fade, auto beat match. Convert between all audio formats, Grab CD audio to any format with CDDB album info service. Find album covers for CD's and audio files. Create Audio CD’s. Edit all audio formats, add effects, normalize, fade ...
Disco XT is a professional music playback and DJ mixing software. Integrates with iTunes, Windows Media and iPods. Disco XT features Automix, pitch-lock/master tempo, headphone listening, midi controller support, BPM detection, microphone input, waveform displays, customized automix fades and different skins. Includes 32-band EQ, reverb, ...
DJ Mixer Express for windows is an ideal DJ mixing software for beginners and DJ pros, It offers a robust set of features yet remains easy-to-use and affordable for a wide audience of music fans. DJ Mixer Express has an easy-to-use graphical interface that lets ...
DJ Music Mixer is a leading-edge and aspiring DJ software for professional and novice DJs. DJ Music Mixeris innovative feature set, reliable mixing engine and intuitive interface will insure that you " Rock the Party " every night. Automated beat matching, real time effects, sampler, ...
Zulu is free professional DJ mixing app for Android devices. Mix and broadcast live music, audio and mp3s. When loading a music track onto a deck it will automatically scan the file for a beat and assign a beat per minute (BPM), and will change ...
SAM DJ is a fully featured, professional DJ system designed to meet the needs of even the most demanding mobile DJs! If you are serious about your music, then SAM DJ is for you! Features dual decks, crossfading, beat matching, karaoke, gap killer, large media ...
Just when I was getting down on Fremont (the Center of the Universe), this note and lupine flower (Lupinus perennis) shows up on our doorstep to be found by us Monday morning. At least one other neighbor received a note and flower too. Monday was the summer solstice after all and Fremontonians love to celebrate the solstice. To the child and parent who collaborated on this gift, thank you, you made our day.
Italian Flag (left) and Mexican Flag (right) Recently, we hung an Italian-flag windsock on our deck as a prop for an upcoming party an...
We sure have some fat Araneus diadematus hanging around Travelmarx headquarters these days. The common name for this spider is the Europe...
We’ve had the Sonos system for a while now and we decided that it would be “fun” to create a web application that would talk to the Sonos, ...
Conjugating verbs in Italian is a bit different than in English. Take the simple present indicative. In English, you have at most to think a...
Left: Hiking route to Mount Etna summit from south side. Right: View of main crater of Mount Etna. Hike Notes Length : 8.4 km (5.2 mile...
This weekend, Saturday night, I ran my first nighttime trail race, the Yeti Nightmare five and ten mile trail run. While I wanted to do the ten mile run, I opted instead for the five since Ragnar is a week away and I have never ran these trails in the night or daylight. I added this race a month or so ago as a nighttime trail run and afterword beer party sounded like a blast. The final event was incredible and nothing like any of my other races.
The lack of direct light was the least different thing about this race, as its informality lied at the heart of what made it so different. In my previous road and trail races, time was everything and the finish and start lines were important. This race proved drastically different. The pre-race meeting set the tone. We were told flat out that if you got lost it was your fault and try to follow the creek back. Of course they also informed us that the trail would be marked with flagging tape and that the tape should always be on the right, if not, you are lost or going the wrong way. The last important thing we were informed was that there would be mud and creeks and we were going to have to get wet. Then before heading out to the start line we were further informed that we could just stay there and drink beer if really wanted to. I knew I was in for some fun, this was super informal.
The start line was basically a designated arbitrary imaginary line that the race directors stood at and basically shouted go. We were off, headlight beams turned on and bobbing in the night. The first couple miles were not bad and I listened to some music at a low volume so I could still hear others passing. I stuck to my basic run/walk ratio and just enjoyed running in the night. Eventually I dropped back enough where it was just the way I liked it, me and the dark alone. After a few miles my phone lost signal and I now was running naked, without music. This was fortunate as I could then hear the rushing of the water and the movement of the current as the trail ran along side Sweetwater Creek. The course suddenly grew some teeth and got narrower and threw up other surprises. At one point there was a massive rock scramble and another a giant pit of mud, of course there was a water crossing with the only way to get across was to plunge into the calf deep cold water. I pushed on, enduring on the climbs and enjoying the night time running and all the trail had to offer.
At the end of the race existed another stark difference, no formal finish line. The finish line basically was a card table set up and the race directors there to high five the finishers and cheer on the runners. As you came up to the table your number and time was jotted down. Being cheered in by the race directors and volunteers was better than most finish lines I have seen and I loved it. They did this for everyone running, fast or slow, first or last. After finishing I was handed a finishers pint glass, which was then filled up. There were snacks left over from the Georgia Death Race provided. I walked around chatting and enjoying a beer or two with the other participants. It was such a jovial atmosphere it was almost hard to believe everyone had just ran a race and were not sitting around chatting and drinking all night.
Later I began to look at my time I recorded for the race, uncharacteristic of me to wait so long, but I was enjoying the after party. Turns out I had my best trail running time in any race or run ever. I managed a 15:36 minute per mile pace, shaving 30 seconds off my best trail run. This race was such an awesome run that as soon as I was done running it I wanted to run the 5 mile course again. Instead I just sat there drinking another beer and enjoying the party. Til next time.
Running Night Running, race, run, running, Trail running, Training, Yeti Nightmare, Yeti Trail Running
"A girl of great beauty, full lips and excellent ass is waiting for you to give you a night of wild love and passion. Butterfly, Slide, Everest, Doggy Style – and this is not the whole list of poses, which she is able to teach you. Cheeky, thirsty baby happy jerk your cock, caressed the head, enters it into her wet vagina angelic and the process is already running! Please use VIBER OR WHATSAPP: 45 78103527"
Hobby: workingout, work on cars and car audio, snowboarding, wakeboarding, surfing, pretty much any extreme sportI collect classic and rare cars. I model. I DJ. I box. I dance. I have fun.sleeping drinking
Not much to say really dte looking for similair female to spend quality time with and have a laugh and enjoy life.
Hobby: playing my guitar and hanging wit matesbowling, parting, gaming, hanging out with the ladies and driving around in my Charger ;)
I like movies chilling out going to the beach to kick back love hot chips easy going like pizza and netflix.
Services: FS. I strive to make you the happiest person in the world when you are coming to visit me. My goal is to turn your fantasies into reality and to enslave your mind with my sexy bodyProvides: Analsex (analsexa),Fisting
"Nora is a tall slim blonde escort companion. She is very lively and loves to smile. Nora is very open minded and will fulfill your every fantasies."
I am an easygoing female no stress or dramas i just want to meet people to chat and have a good time i am looking for a female to meet preferrably who shares the same interests for a good time i'm here for a good time not for a long time (corny i guess?) i'm passionate but respectful of anothers feelings.Asian couple looking for a discreet encounter for one night just want to expwrience new thing especially her forst tome to do this kind of thing.
Motto: "get fuckered up!"Don't Regret What You've Done, Regret What You've Missed. i know everyone says it n thinks it, but im one of a kind lol. deal. im crazy but chill, outgoing but laid back, wild but smart, doesnt matter what im doing im just trying to make the most of itlive everyday like their is no tomarrow
Have you had a "what are you looking for?" or a "where is this going?" conversation? Does he even want a relationship?
We constantly have fights now about these topics and even tho they're from the past they still really bother me...
I understand why you would not even want to deal with this drama or reply, but she is an ex a person you once had feelings for and I am sure you care not to hurt her. I would wait a few days and then just tell her how you feel. You are my ex girlfriend not my girlfriend. We were very clear that we were not going to date. You are making me feel uncomfortable by acting like you are my girlfriend and putting pressures on me a regular friend would not put there. And then, after the explanation, I would barely speak to her and put distance between you two. Kind of ween her off you, so to speak. I think you owe her the explanation and then keep her far from you so you don't need to deal with her.
I am retired love to travel love the outdoors enjoy dancig long walks enjoy yard work enjoy conversation my life is great I am at peace I am a gentlema.
i agree that one should want to look their best, but its good to keep in mind that working on those things may not do anything to help him with girls in any meaningful way
The guy always pay on the first date unless the girl doesn't like him then she may offer to pay or split-it. Though, guys should never let the girl pay or ask for her to split? Is that it?
If the girls he watches called the cops on him and put him in with skinheads for a playtoy. grosse vésie Degrading Deep Submission. Hey she looks like my ex too. Has to be one of the cutest women I've ever seen in porn and it being a beautiful cosplay makes it all the better for me. We love you. no, as many scenes as possible scenes with let's say Kate Truu and Mr. Love it.
How is there any evidence of abuse in this video?. Oh, wait. That fourth one was just dust. And. This is definitely.
They need to make a table like this for a woman to put her pussy and ass through the hole, and I need to be shackled down underneath it and ordered to serve pussies and assholes with my mouth. Absolutely a perfect ass. This was tooo hoti wish it was anal !!!. love her. i just want to put my cock in her mouth pussy and anal Lana all day everyday And yet some believe.
Glad you enjoyed this one!!. Absolute Alison need to do final touches, the dialogue which I'm working on now, and then the epilogues which I'll work. HOT!!!. All Thick paste are made for you dear !. Did you buy the pants.
And that she's filming for Vixen?. meine herren, seid ihr zwei geil. I wish we had the entire video, without edition hahaha. Whats the name of the ending song. love to watch her I don't think I've made this observation before, but dude nice dick.
(3) Limited Liability Company – newer type of business organization in which legal responsibility is proscribed aside from conduct that’s illegal. Inilah alasan aplikasi dan layanan keluarga Fb dibangun untuk membantu bisnis Anda menemukan tujuan yang spesifik. Amazon Business is a brand new competitive marketplace for B2B merchandise on that serves the procurement needs of businesses of every measurement.
Register for a free account at this time and save time and money whereas shopping for over a hundred million merchandise in product categories resembling laptops, computers, printers, workplace supplies, workplace furniture, hand instruments, power instruments, security gear, office kitchen necessities and cleaning supplies. Other than reading textbooks, shopping publications such because the Monetary Instances, The Economist, the Harvard Business Overview and different technical publications and skilled journals will broaden and deepen the analyst’s understanding of the business world.
金德瑞散热器,电暖器,取暖器，碳晶墙暖，钢铝复合，铜铝复合-淄博金德瑞暖通设备有限公司-www.jdrsrq.comwww.qzfchina.com
September 23, 2016: Trinidad and Tobago, as a small island developing state, is vulnerable to the negative impacts of climate change, susceptible to natural disasters and extreme climate conditions including hurricanes, drought, excessive rain, flooding and higher temperatures.
In the aftermath of the Paris Agreement and T&T commitments under the Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC's) the European Union (EU) is working with Trinidad and Tobago, through a €8 million grant to the Government, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate the negative impacts of climate change. It was in that context that the EU, in collaboration with the Ministry of Planning and Development and the Tobago House of Assembly, initiated a two-year technical assistance programme designed to assess Trinidad and Tobago's climate change vulnerabilities and help the country to prepare and become more resilient to its negative impacts.
The technical assistance programme will be spearheaded by a consortium contracted by the EU, Particip GmbH. It will include vulnerability assessments of a range of key sectors such as, agriculture, water resources, human health, coastal resources, human settlements and infrastructure and biodiversity in order to pinpoint areas/sectors of concern. This data will then be used to inform decision-making about climate change and the 5-year INDC plans, and to allow for better management and holistic mainstreaming of climate change risks across those sectors.
In addition, a demarcation of the Main Ridge Forest Reserve in Tobago, the country's largest and most important carbon sink will be conducted. Such a demarcation is critical for the protection of this green space, which is so vital to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
Finally, local environmental experts in the public and private sectors, including civil society organizations will benefit from enhancement of their knowledge and skill to carry out future risk, vulnerability and capacity assessments through a programme of training and capacity building.
This technical assistance programme places Trinidad and Tobago one step closer to a robust National Climate Plan, which would include T&T's own ratification of the Paris Agreement and the development of a strong policy and legislative framework to reduce greenhouse emissions, setting this country on a low carbon development path for its own future preservation.
Trinidad and Tobago's commitment to combat climate change has been strongly reinforced by the Minister of Planning and Development, the Honourable Camille Robinson-Regis. Speaking on the occasion of UNDP's National Dialogue on Climate Resilience at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in June, she stated: "The pursuit of climate-resilient development requires coordination and harmonisation of policy across all government sectors, given the cross-cutting nature of climate change itself. To this end, an analysis of the sectoral policy and legislative landscape has been undertaken with the identification of gaps and recommendations for addressing these gaps. Implementation of these recommendations will result in an alignment of climate-resilient development across all sectors. It is therefore expected that the amendment or development of policies and legislation will begin soon to realise this important first step."
Preventing the damaging effects of climate change is a key priority for the EU. For this reason, Europe is working tirelessly to not only develop the laws of the region to reach the ambitious targets it set for 2030 and ratify the Paris Agreement, but also to assist other nations and regions around the world to do likewise, particularly vulnerable countries like Trinidad and Tobago.
A native of Long Island, Chris played NCAA Division III hockey at UMass-Boston while studying sales marketing. After college, Chris attended the ECHL’s Toledo Walleye training camp and spent three years playing professionally in the FHL and SPHL. Along with his commitments to various youth organizations the past two seasons in Connecticut and New York, he was was also the goalie instructor for three consecutive years at the USA Hockey Sled Hockey Jamboree for the Para-Olympic team. He is currently Stony Brook University's Men's Ice Hockey Goaltending Coach, a top-ten nationally ranked collegiate program in ACHA Division I."
In the first installment of this series "Fuji Feather Part 1 Introduction" I mentioned that this was a very rare lady's high-end model, that there were far too many details to cover in a single post and that we would look at it in three separate installments: front, middle and rear. In the previous post "Fuji Feather Part 2 Front-end" we covered the front-end and in this installment we will look at the mid-section.
The most outstanding feature of the mid-section is without a doubt the transparent celluloid chaincase.　Celluloid in chaincases came in three types.
I have mentioned before that Nichibei often designed their mountain logo into many of their parts. Take a close look at the chainwheel. It is designed with three mountains.
The clear celluloid case has a beautiful raised brass Nichibei Fuji emblem, and the cotter pin covers (Japanese only) are stamped with the company logo as well.
Also in the mid-section we see artistic Fuji Feather transfers on the head lug as well as on both the upper and lower down tubes.
At the bottom of the seat tube is the guarantee badge which replaced the guarantee medals more commonly found on vintage Japanese bicycles prior to and including the mid-1950s.
Below are close-ups of the bottom bracket. Note the teeny tiny Nichibei Fuji logos stamped on the bottom bracket lock ring and bearing cup..
Here is a fine customized Yamaguchi Benny, possibly a Marubeni-Yamaguchi Benny, sent in from U-san. According to U-san he fell in love with old utility bicycles due to how well they were made, not to mention their durability. Riding a comfortable, simple clean machine is how U-san relieves stress, an upright position and limited speed ensures that he can take in the scenery and enjoy the ride thereby forgetting daily cares.
A nice cylindrical leather tool pouch （←link Japanese only) designed to fit in the loops of the hammock saddle.
A big thanks goes out to U-san for sharing photos of his cusomized Yamaguchi Benny. If you would like to share photos of your vintage Japanese bicycle with other enthusiasts please send them to showajitensha@hotmail.co.jp
Here is a real treat an original Nichibei Fuji high-end model. Nichibei Fuji was a leader in the bicycle manufacturing industry and this is one a deluxe model.
Let's take a look at some of the finer points. First is the fender ornament in the shape of the company logo Mt. Fuji. Even the tiny screws bear the company logo. Nichibei Fuji was known for going to great lengths to design-in their logo (Mt. Fuji) into individual parts.
Standard models employed the typical band brake setup. As we saw with the front wheel the spokes are black enamel and the rim bears the Fuji mark.
Note the badge beneath the reflector. This is quite rare and the first time I have ever seen a rear fender with a badge in this location.
This is unbelievable. A genuine Nichibei Fuji lock. Note how Nichibei Fuji designed-in the company logo (Mt. Fuji) into the casing.
1 Owner s Manual Ultraviolet Water Purification System Basic Models A, B4, C4, D4, E4, F4 Plus Models D4 Plus, E4 Plus, F4 Plus Congratulations. By purchasing this system, you have taken the first step in ensuring safe drinking water. Designed using the most advanced UV technology available today, your UV system is designed to provide you with years of trouble free operation with minimal maintenance required. KEY INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW: A 5-micron (nominal) sediment filter must be installed upstream of (before) any UV system This product is for indoor use only. Keep all components clean and dry. Clean the sleeve regularly for optimum performance Date of installation: Installed by: Installer phone#: Serial #: (Found on label on side of Power supply) Trojan Technologies 300 Gore Road, London, Ontario, Canada N5V 4T
2 SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS GROUNDING This product must be grounded. If it should malfunction or breakdown, grounding provides a path of least resistance for electric current to reduce the risk of electrical shock. This system is equipped with a cord having an equipment-grounding conductor and a grounding plug. The plug must be plugged into an appropriate outlet that is properly installed and grounded in accordance with all local codes and ordinances. DANGER Improper connection of the equipment-grounding conductor can result in a risk of electrocution. Check with a qualified electrician or service personnel if you are in doubt as to whether the outlet is properly grounded. Do not modify the plug provided with this system if it will not fit the outlet, have a proper outlet installed by a qualified electrician. Do not use any type of adapter with this system. GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTERRUPTER PROTECTION To comply with the National Electrical Code (NFPA 70) and to provide additional protection from the risk of electric shock, this system should only be connected to a properly grounded, grounding-type power supply receptacle that is protected by a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI). Inspect operation of GFCI as per manufacturers suggested maintenance schedule. EXTENSION CORDS If an extension cord is necessary, use only 3-wire extension cords that have 3-prong grounding-type plugs and 3-pole cord connectors that accept the plug from this system. Use only extension cords that are intended for outdoor use. Use only extension cords having an electrical rating not less than the rating of the system. A cord rated for less amperes or watts than this system rating may overheat. Exercise caution when arranging the cord so that it will not be tripped over or pulled. Do not use damaged extension cords. Examine extension cord before using and replace if damaged. Do not abuse extension cord. Keep extension cord away from heat and sharp edges. Always disconnect the extension cord from the receptacle before disconnecting this system from the extension cord. Never yank cord to pull plug from outlet. Always grasp the plug and pull to disconnect. WARNING To guard against injury, basic safety precautions should be observed, including the following:. READ AND FOLLOW ALL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS.. DANGER To avoid possible electric shock, special care should be taken since water is employed in the use of this system. Unless a situation is encountered that is explicitly addressed by the provided maintenance and troubleshooting sections, do not attempt repairs yourself; refer to an authorized service facility. 3. CAUTION - Do not operate with broken or faulty parts as this may result in exposure to ultraviolet radiation. Contact supplier for replacement parts. 4. Do not operate the system if it has a damaged cord or plug, or if it is malfunctioning or if it has been dropped or damaged in any manner. 5. Always unplug the system, shut off water flow and release water pressure before servicing or cleaning. Never yank cord to remove from outlet; grasp the wall plug and pull to disconnect. 6. Do not use the system for other than intended use. The use of attachments not recommended or sold by the manufacturer may cause an unsafe condition. 7. To prevent risk of electrical shock, connect this system only to a properly grounded, grounding-type power supply receptacle that is protected by a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI). Inspect performance of GFCI as per manufacturer s suggested maintenance schedule. If an extension cord is used, ensure it is of a sufficient rating and accepts the plug from this system; never use an adapter. 8. Visually inspect this system prior to installation. If the quartz sleeve or lamp is broken, cracked or damaged in any way, do not use. Contact the supplier for replacement parts. 9. Keep all connections dry and off the ground. Do not touch plug with wet hands. 0. The light emitted by the lamp will cause serious eye damage and burn unprotected skin. Do not plug system into an electrical outlet without first properly securing the lamp into the chamber. Unplug the system prior to removing the lamp from the chamber.. If the UV system malfunctions or fails, water must be boiled prior to consumption until the UV system is operational and the water lines have been shocked. System failure is indicated by the system s audible and visual alarms or the absence of any indicator light.. Intended for indoor use only. System must not be exposed to weather elements. In seasonal applications, chamber must be drained to prevent freezing. 3. Installation of this system must be in accordance with local plumbing and electrical codes as well as any and all applicable regulations and laws. 4. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS. WARNING To prevent risk of electrical shock, connect this system only to a properly grounded, groundingtype power supply receptacle that is protected by a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter. Pull plug before servicing or replacing lamp. Keep all connections dry and off the ground. Do not touch plug with wet hands. WARNING Do not look directly at UV lamp when it is operating. The light emitted by the lamp will cause serious eye damage and burn unprotected skin. WARNING Read manual before installing or servicing this system. Only authorized personnel possessing a strong understanding of this system should attempt to replace lamp or service this system. NOTE Maximum pressure rating is 5 PSI (8.6 bar)
9 Sample valve: Allows for sampling of raw water. Shut-off valve: Required to allow maintenance of pre-treatment equipment. Pre-treatment (illustrative only): For the UV system to operate effectively, the water should meet certain water quality parameters, as outlined below. To meet these, pre-treatment of the water may be required. Pretreatment equipment must be installed BEFORE the UV chamber. Pre-treatment systems can be comprised of one or more of the following elements: sediment filters; carbon filters; iron removal systems; water softeners; cyst reduction filters, etc. Water Quality Requirements: Iron: <.3 PPM (.3 mg/l) Hardness: < 0 PPM (7 Grains Per Gallon) % UVT: > 75% IMPORTANT: A 5 micron (nominal) sediment filter must be installed before the UV system and after any water softening equipment Bypass shut-off valve: Bypass line and valve are optional. Intended to provide emergency water supply in the event that the UV system is unavailable. Shut-off valve: Required to allow maintenance of UV system. Sample valve: Allows for sampling of water entering UV chamber; H+, necessary H in order J+, Jto confirm water being treated is of adequate quality. UV chamber: Provides disinfection of the water. Must install Plus model chambers vertically. Sensor: Optional item included with Plus models. Monitors UV output to ensure proper dose (UV exposure) is being provided. Unique test function allows verification of sensor operation. CoolTouch TM valve: Drains water from the chamber that s been warmed by the lamp during periods of no flow. Sample valve: Allows for sampling of water immediately following UV treatment; necessary in order to confirm proper operation of UV system. Solenoid valve: Optional piece of equipment supplied by Trojan for D4, E4, F4 and Plus models. Must be used with a junction box. Allows water supply to be shut-off when proper purification cannot be assured. Note: If the ground from your electrical panel is tied to your copper water lines, and you are using a solenoid valve, installation of an approved ground strap is required. This ground strap will maintain continuity between the lines that have been cut to install the solenoid. Check your local electrical code for the correct clamp and cable size. Shut-off valve: Required to allow maintenance of UV system. Junction box: An optional piece of equipment for D4, E4, F4 and Plus models. Powers solenoid valves, remote alarms and auto-dialers. Power supply: Powers and controls the UV lamp and other devices. Provides human interface, displaying information and allowing control inputs (such as muting the audible alarm). Power source: Provides power to the power supply. For safety reasons the outlet must be protected by a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI). NOTE: to protect the power supply, a UL449 certified (or equivalent) transient voltage surge suppressor is required. 9 OVERVIEW INSTALLATION OPERATION MAINTENANCE WARRANTY
11 3 4 Attach ground (green/yellow) and strain relief (red) wires from the lamp plug to the ground lug on the chamber. Secure both wires with locking screw provided. Locking screw Push safety cap into place. For Plus models only. Ground lug Ground and strain relief wires Plug sensor into blue jack (Plus models only). 5 6 Outlet must be protected by a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI). Let water flow to one faucet or other water outlet, then close the outlet and check for leaks. Proceed to Disinfecting The Water Lines. INSTALLATION OVERVIEW OPERATION MAINTENANCE WARRANTY
12 OVERVIEW Disinfecting the Water Lines UV systems disinfect the water using ultraviolet light, treating the water as it passes through the system. When there is a risk that water downstream of the UV system has been contaminated, it is critical that these water lines be chemically disinfected. Disinfection of the water lines is therefore required after initial system installation and following any period of time during which the system is inoperative, whether due to an alarm condition, a power failure, or for any other reason. Make sure the UV system is on during the entire disinfecting process. INSTALLATION Plus models only: Unplug power supply and then unplug sensor from blue jack. 5 WARRANTY MAINTENANCE OPERATION Make sure power supply is plugged in for entire disinfection process
13 9 Allow water to fill UV chamber. 0 Go to a water outlet and allow the cold water to flow until you can smell bleach, then stop the flow. Allow hot water (if present) to flow until you can smell bleach, then stop the flow. Repeat procedure at all water outlets. Remember to include all faucets, washing machines, toilets, outside taps, and other water outlets. Note: You will likely run out of bleach; if you cannot smell bleach at a given outlet, turn off the main water supply, depressurize and add more bleach to the filter housing Let the bleach sit in the water lines for at least four hours. INSTALLATION OVERVIEW OPERATION MAINTENANCE WARRANTY 3
15 Control Panel (not applicable to Model A) OVERVIEW 3 A B C Buttons and Display For D4, E4, F4 and Plus models only. A B C Indicator lights Indicator lights only indicate a problem with the component when flashing red. The table below is a list of possible causes and solutions. Before replacing parts, please contact Trojan Technical Assistance for any new troubleshooting techniques (Plus models only) 3 Lamp timer display Lamp timer reset Mute Green UV dose is adequate and sensor is operating normally Lamp operating normally Power supply operating normally Counts down from 365 days to show time for annual lamp replacement. After installing a new lamp, press and hold for five seconds to reset Lamp timer to 365. Press to silence audible alarm. When the alarm is due to the lamp's age, the mute button will silence the audible alarm for 7 days; this may be repeated up to a maximum of 4 times. After that, the button will silence for only 4 hours. When the alarm is due to any other issue, the mute button will silence the audible alarm for 4 hours. Yellow* Flashing red Solid red UV dose is near the minimum required Warning; lamp will require replacement shortly Air temperature around system is too warm Sensor disconnected; unplug system, reconnect sensor and plug-in system again UV dose is below minimum required, see Low UV Alarm section Lamp disconnected; unplug system, reconnect lamp and plug-in system again Lamp failure; replace lamp Power supply failure; replace power supply Sensor inactive due to lamp or power supply failure Lamp inactive due to power supply failure Power supply inactive due to lamp failure OPERATION INSTALLATION MAINTENANCE WARRANTY * Yellow indicator lights are a function of D4, E4, F4 and Plus models only. 5
16 INSTALLATION OVERVIEW OPERATION WARRANTY MAINTENANCE Troubleshooting The table below is a list of possible causes and solutions. Before replacing parts, please contact Trojan Technical Assistance for any new troubleshooting techniques Symptom No power GFCI or breaker repeatedly trips Leak at inlet or outlet Leak detected from area of UV chamber Leak detected at sensor (if so equipped) GFCI and/or breaker tripped Transient voltage surge suppressor (TVSS) damaged Power supply damaged Connection between lamp and lamp plug is wet Short-circuit in the electrical assembly Threaded pipe fittings are leaking Condensation of moist air on cold chamber (slow accumulation) O-ring damaged, deteriorated or incorrectly installed Lamp/sleeve assembly not properly installed (too tight or not tight enough) UV sensor o-rings are damaged, deteriorated, or incorrectly installed Reset GFCI and/or breaker Replace TVSS Replace power supply and use a TVSS Clean and dry lamp pins and lamp plug, check unit for leaks or condensation Replace power supply Clean threads, reseal with Teflon tape and retighten Control humidity or relocate unit Inspect and replace if deteriorated Tighten assembly hand-tight Inspect and replace o-rings if deteriorated Alarm See Control Panel section See Control Panel section System is operating but water tests reveal bacterial contamination Lamp timer does not read anything Possible cause Equipment downstream of UV system is acting as a breeding ground for pathogens Pathogens are residing in the distribution lines post-uv Recontamination from pipe dead-ends Unit is unplugged No power at AC power outlet Power cord is damaged Power surge caused damage to electrical assembly Possible solution Ensure UV is the last piece of treatment equipment Ensure all distribution lines have been disinfected with chlorine - see Disinfecting the Water Lines section Remove any pipe dead-ends and flush with chlorine - see Disinfecting the Water Lines section Plug unit into AC power outlet Replace fuse or reset breaker Replace power cord Replace power supply and use a surge protector 6
17 Low UV Alarms (Plus Models Only) Low UV Alarm OVERVIEW Flush system No audible alarm Problem is corrected In some cases, short-term flows of low ultraviolet transmittance (UVT) water can be created following and during the regeneration cycle of a water softener, resulting in a sensor alarm. Flushing the UV system alleviates this condition until the softener goes through another regeneration cycle. In the longer term, the softener's settings must be modified. To flush the UV system, disinfect the water lines following the procedures outlined under "Disinfecting The Water Lines" in the Installation section. Plus models are equipped with a unique, patented, self-test sensor. Simply press the test button located at the top of the sensor and hold until the audible alarm stops (usually about 5 seconds). If the audible alarm is still present after 30 seconds, release the button and replace the sensor. 3 Refer to Sleeve Cleaning And Lamp Replacement section of the Owner's Manual. 4 Audible alarm Sensor test No audible alarm Sensor is operating normally Clean sleeve & sensor 3 Audible alarm Check UVT 4 UVT above 75% Contact Trojan Audible alarm No audible alarm UVT below recommended level Replace sensor Problem is corrected Increase UVT using pretreatment Contact Trojan or your water treatment dealer for a test of the UVT of the water. 7 OPERATION INSTALLATION MAINTENANCE WARRANTY
18 INSTALLATION OVERVIEW SLEEVE CLEANING & LAMP REPLACEMENT Sleeve cleaning Minerals in the water slowly form a coating on the sleeve. This coating must be removed because it reduces the amount of UV light reaching the water, thereby reducing purification performance. Basic models: please clean the sleeve regulary (3-4 times per year, or more often depending on water quality). Plus models: the need to clean the sleeve will be indicated by a low UV alarm (flashing red indicator light beside the sensor on control panel - see Control Panel section for details). When only cleaning is required, follow instructions and re-install the current lamp. Lamp replacement The amount of UV light created by the lamp decreases over time, requiring that the lamp be replaced every months. NOTE: The UV system is designed to operate continuously and should not be shut off for short periods of time, such as over a period of less than three weeks. A, B4, C4 Models: Please keep track of your lamp's life. After months follow these instructions to replace system with a new lamp. D4, E4, F4 and Plus Models : The system will automatically notify you after months to replace the lamp. Follow these instructions. OPERATION Equipment required: MAINTENANCE Clean cotton, latex or plastic gloves are prefered. WARRANTY Scale remover such as CLR TM or Lime-Away TM. Cloth must be soft, lint-free, and chemical-free. No clean-wipes. Cottom swab. (For Plus models only) 8
19 3 4 5 Model A: Safety cap, lamp plug and power supply figures will look slightly different than those on your system. Open a tap downstream of the UV unit to release pressure. Then, close this tap. Let the system cool for 0 minutes Strain relief wires should remain connected. Hold by sleeve bolt to remove lamp/sleeve assembly. 9 For sleeve cleaning only: Model A: Squeeze sides opposite of tabs. Squeeze tabs Skip to step 4. Note: Sleeve must be replaced if it cannot be completely cleaned or if it appears scratched or cracked. For lamp or sleeve replacement: Clean sleeve and follow steps 0-3. MAINTENANCE OVERVIEW INSTALLATION OPERATION WARRANTY 9
20 INSTALLATION OVERVIEW 0 Hold sleeve bolt with one hand. Use other 3 hand to unscrew lamp from sleeve by holding lamp tab. Lamp tab Sleeve bolt Screw lamp into sleeve hand-tight. Caution: Over tightening will break the sleeve. OPERATION Remove o-rings and sleeve bolt from sleeve. 4 Make sure lamp/sleeve assembly is centered. WARRANTY Caution: Over tightening will break the sleeve. For Basic models, skip to step 8. 5 MAINTENANCE Reinstall sleeve bolt with new o-rings. 6 0
22 INSTALLATION OVERVIEW WARRANTY Our Commitment To maximize the superior quality of Trojan UV disinfection, each product must be properly sized, installed, and maintained. If you experience difficulty with your Trojan product, our Technical Support Centre is available to help you. During the applicable warranty period noted below, Trojan will provide warranty coverage, described below, for your product. How to Get Help To obtain help under this warranty, contact the Trojan Technical Support Center at or by at Please have available the model number, the date of purchase, the name of the dealer from whom you purchased your Trojan product ( the source dealer ), as well as a description of the problem you are experiencing. A Trojan technician will help you troubleshoot the problem and isolate the defective part. To establish proof of purchase to make a warranty claim, you will need to either retain your original invoice or complete and return a warranty card, which will register you as a product owner in Trojan s database. Specific Warranty Coverage Warranty coverage is specific to the following Trojan products: TrojanUVMax Ten-Year Limited Warranty for TrojanUVMax UV Chamber Trojan warrants the UV chamber on the TrojanUVMax product to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of ten (0) years from the date of purchase. During this time, Trojan will repair or replace, at its option, any defective TrojanUVMax UV chamber. Please return the defective part to a Trojan dealer, who will return it to Trojan. Trojan will either make the necessary repairs or, if Trojan determines that a replacement is required, will provide a replacement part. Trojan will then return the part to the dealer. This warranty does not include shipping and handling charges which will be collected from you by the dealer. Parts repaired or replaced under this ten (0) year warranty will be covered under warranty to the end of the original ten (0) year warranty period. This warranty is also subject to the conditions and limitations outlined under the heading "General Conditions and Limitations" below. Three-Year Limited Warranty for Structural, Hardware and Electrical Components Trojan warrants the structural, hardware, and electrical components to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of three (3) years from the date of purchase. During this time, Trojan will repair or replace, at its option, any defective parts covered by the warranty. OPERATION Please return the defective part to a Trojan dealer, who will return it to Trojan. Trojan will either make the necessary repairs or, if Trojan determines that a replacement is required, will provide a replacement part. Trojan will then return the part to the dealer. This warranty does not include shipping and handling charges which will be collected from you by the dealer. Parts repaired or replaced under this three (3) year warranty will be covered under warranty to the end of the original three (3) year warranty period. This warranty is also subject to the conditions and limitations outlined under the heading "General Conditions and Limitations" below. One-Year Limited Warranty for Lamps, Sleeves and Sensors Trojan warrants original lamps, sleeves and UV sensors to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of one () year from the date of purchase. During this time, Trojan will repair or replace, at its option, any defective parts covered by the warranty. The warranty period for lamps and sleeves may be verified using date codes in addition to purchase receipts and Trojan's database of registered owners. Trojan will advise you whether the defective item needs to be returned to a Trojan dealer for failure analysis. Replacement lamps and sleeves provided under warranty will be sent to your Trojan dealer. If the UV sensor experiences a problem which Trojan confirms is covered by warranty, please return the sensor to a Trojan dealer who will return it to Trojan. Trojan will either repair or replace the sensor and return the sensor to your dealer. WARRANTY This warranty on lamps, sleeves and sensors does not include shipping and handling charges which will be collected from you by the dealer. Parts replaced under this one () year warranty will be covered under warranty to the end of the original one () year warranty period. This warranty is also subject to the conditions and limitations outlined under the heading "General Conditions and Limitations" below. Warranty for Replacement Lamps and Parts Trojan warrants replacement lamps, purchased for annual routine maintenance, and other parts purchased to repair product components that are no longer covered by the original warranty, to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of three (3) months from the date of purchase. During this time, Trojan will repair or replace, at its option, a defective replacement lamp or part free of charge except for shipping and handling charges. The warranty period on replacement lamps and parts will be verified using date codes and/or purchase receipts. Trojan will advise you whether the defective item needs to be returned to a Trojan dealer for failure analysis. Replacement lamps and parts provided under warranty will be sent to your Trojan dealer. General Conditions and Limitations None of the above warranties cover damage caused by improper use or maintenance, accidents, acts of God or minor scratches or imperfections that do not materially impair the operation of the product. The warranties also do not cover products that are not installed as outlined in the applicable Owner's Manual. MAINTENANCE The limited warranties described above are the only warranties applicable to the Trojan products listed in the "Specific Warranty Coverage" section. These limited warranties outline the exclusive remedy for all claims based on a failure of or defect in any of these products, whether the claim is based on contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise. These warranties are in lieu of all other warranties whether written, oral, implied or statutory. Without limitation, no warranty of merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose shall apply to any of these products. Trojan does not assume any liability for personal injury or property damage caused by the use or misuse of any of the above products. Trojan shall not in any event be liable for special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages. Trojan's liability shall, in all instances, be limited to repair or replacement of the defective product or part and this liability will terminate upon expiration of the applicable warranty period.
Search by Category Select Category Breakfast Catherine Katz Interviews Cooking Class Videos Cuisinicity Tips Featured Poultry Recipes Featured Recipe From Catherine Healthy Bread & Muffin Recipes Healthy Cooking Basics Healthy Dessert Recipes Healthy Fish & Seafood Recipes Healthy Kids Recipes Healthy Poultry Recipes Healthy Salad Recipes Healthy Side Dish Recipes Healthy Smoothies & Snacks Healthy Soup Recipes Healthy Vegan Recipes – Savory Healthy Vegan Recipes – Sweet Healthy Vegetarian Recipes Katz Family Kitchen Program Videos Reviews This Week’s Specials Vegan Video Interviews
This dish always gets high praise. This is one of the recipes we featured on our healthy gourmet cooking tour of the central markets in Texas a few years back and WOW was the repetitive response at each and everyone of them! The blend of currants, caramelized onions and wine in this Chicken with Currant Wine Glaze is deliciously sweet, and the capers give it a perfect tanginess! It is quick and easy to prepare, but you need to make sure to schedule in the time to bake it in the oven for about 30 minutes so that it is glazed to perfection.
Heat olive oil in a heavy skillet that can also go in the oven and sear the chicken breasts or 4-5 minutes on each side so that the outside is a little golden but the chicken is still uncooked. Set aside on a plate for later.
Add the sliced onions to the same skillet and cook for about 8-10 minutes while stirring occasionally so all the onion slices are coated with the olive oil and start to brown (not to worry, they will caramelize later in the oven).
Place the chicken back in the skillet and spoon over with the liquid and onions and turn off the stove.
Place the skillet in the oven and bake uncovered for 30 minutes, or until the sauce thickens and becomes a glaze.
Hi Catherine !! This dish was our Christmas dinner last night. Let me start out by saying I am not good with caramelizing, but made it any way. While not as popular as the Lemon Pistachio Chicken of a year ago, all plates were empty! I liked the Rosemary & Red Wine juice, since it didn’t caramelize, lol. Sides were the traditional String Beans, Sweet Potato Casserole, Baked Mac & Cheese. Everyone got sleepy, so Thumbs Up to us !!!! Dessert was Apple Cobbler & Oatmeal Gingerbread Cookies!! 🙂 🙂
It sounds so lovely Tracey!!!! I just love it all, regardless of the lack of caramelization (Hahahah!!), your guest are so lucky! 🙂
I froze this dish for a guest who didn’t make Christmas dinner. A week & a half later; his reply: “Alright what restaurant did you get this from.” lol
AWWWWWW Tracey I LOVE that he thought that!!!! Thank you so much for sharing with me!I ‘ll take some credit but, of course, it means that YOU did it SUPERBLY WELL!! 🙂
Only you & I know it didn’t caramelize!! 🙂 My mom taught me how to thicken a recipe if it didn’t do what was expected. But I didn’t want to mess this up so I didn’t. This is why I love your site it reminds me so much of being in the kitchen with her. Thank you !
The Park County Assessor's Office makes every effort to collect and maintain accurate data. However, Good Turns Software and the Park County Assessor's Office are unable to warrant any of the information herein contained.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We may process data about your use of our website. The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website. The legal basis for this processing our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters. The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is to keep you updated.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us. The correspondence data may include the communication content. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our communications with users.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our school against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 4, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
In this Section, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored on your computer/device by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Web storage, is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored on your computer/device by the browser. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and is more secure
Authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website (cookies used for this purpose is: sessionid)
Status - we use cookies [to help us to determine if you are logged into our website (cookies used for this purpose is: sessionid)
Security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally (cookies used for this purpose is: csrftoken)
Analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: style and piwik visitor)
Cookie consent - we use web storage to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally (web storage used for this purpose is: cookiecheck)
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
Author paho32Posted on November 7, 2018 October 29, 2018 No comment on How to Protect your Online Data
Keeping your financials, passwords and other personal information safe is a top priority for everyone and every business. It is very important for consumers and individuals to play by the rules of data protection policies to ensure their data is safe and secure. There is an abundance of information out there that needs to be protected. If we are not careful, some other important information can be forgotten and get lost in the wind when it comes to getting protected.
Here are simple ways and methods you can apply to ensure that your data is well protected from getting stolen.
Data encryption is no longer technical. Today, there are modern tools that make it possible for anyone to easily encrypt their data, emails and other information. For Apple users, they can make use of FileVault that encrypts the hard drive of a computer. This software scrambles your data up to a certain level. Should the government needs to get access to this data, you can employ the use of TrueCrypt for full protection.
Backing up your data is one of the most important yet overlooked data protection tips. When you create a backup of your data, you are essentially creating a duplicate such that in case a device is lost or stolen, you will not have to lose your information. You need to create this backup on a different device so that you can easily recover it in case of compromise.
The cloud provides a very viable option when it comes to backup. The advantage of cloud backup is that information is not stored on a local device that can easily or physically be tempered with. With cloud backup, data is stored offsite by a provider and this guarantees an adequate disaster recovery.
The use of anti-malware is a must if you need to protect your data from abuse. Malware is a serious threat to data as it is well known for attaching itself in unsuspecting places that users have the least suspect of. Malicious software is designed to infiltrate and damage your computer without your consent. Malware range from programs such as worms, viruses, spyware, Trojan horses among others.
Many users ignore doing frequent operating system updates due to the length of time such updates take. It is very important to spare some of your time and perform an operating system update. When you fail to install these updates, you subject your computer to a lot of risks. For Windows operating system, such updates normally occur once per month.
You need to secure your wireless networks at your business and at home. You need to secure these wireless networks with the use of strong and complex passwords. Doing so helps in preventing unauthorized individuals who are in close proximity not to hijack your wireless network. Your Wi-Fi network at home or workplace should be secure, hidden and encrypted. You should also make use of firewalls to block dangerous programs, viruses, and signals from infiltrating your system.
It's ALL about Winnings! Play Scratch Cards, Slots, Casino, Lottery & many more exciting money games - Pure FUN with cash prizes up to £1 Million now at moukaru.info Donut Rush is a tasty scratch card game with a donut and sweets theme. Enjoy free games and delicious multiplier prizes from the colourful donut village! Quick Fire Cash is a western styled scratch card that has 13 chances to win big. Ride into an online casino and shoot down the prizes that are waiting for you. In the end, the theoretical return to player will always be the same: A quick look at the pay table will show detail of how the matches that will payout. The game itself actually appears to take place in a casino in an unspecified location, perhaps intending to invoke the idea of standing in a traditional casino in Las Vegas or elsewhere looking to strike it rich. The quicker way is to click on Reveal All which will cut right to the chase. That led to the invention of scratch cards: When scratched, the first reveals a 3x3 grid of prizes, with payouts awarded for any three identical amounts on a horizontal line. Check out the rest of our review to learn more about this entertaining scratch card. Finally, the verdict is in — Pyramid is another strong and competently designed game by the geniuses at NeoGames. Donut Rush Scratch Cards. The game also features great imagery such as gummy bears, lollipops and gingerbread houses.
But the contrast between the imagery of the scratch cardss and the generic, nondescript setting of the casino proved to be somewhat jarring. Report a problem Like Vegas Slots Online: There are 4 chances in the first game with 2 barrels of explosives on each of the 4 rows. These can be a number of different items, such as a pickaxe, gold or sticks of dynamite, and if two match on a row, the prize value shown is awarded to you. For all new players at Mega Casino. But for most casual casino fans, this title is a fairly good way to get a few bets in, or the perfect way to end a session in a relaxing manner. Home » Scratch Cards » Donut Rush. Casino of the year Read Casino Review. In the background, a classic New York urban scene can be made out with high rises and laser lights strobing the night sky. Most scratch cards are also relatively inexpensive with fairly regular payouts. The game itself actually appears to take place in a casino in an unspecified location, perhaps intending to invoke the idea of standing in a traditional casino in Las Vegas or elsewhere looking to strike it rich. The free Quick Fire Cash game is full of sharpshooting ways to grow your fortune.
Hit the streets again with the world's slickest undercover cops, Don Johnson as James "Sonny" Crockett and Philip Michael Thomas as Ricardo Tubbs. Director Michael Mann and Emmy® Award-winning producer Dick Wolf bring you all 22 heart-pounding, fashion-forward episodes of Season Four of MIAMI VICE. Joining the iconic detective duo in Miami's steamy underworld is a powerful roster of guest stars, including James Brown, Julia Roberts, and Chris Rock. MIAMI VICE is an action-packed show whose "influence is still evident" (The New York Times).
Brathay Hall is set in 360 acres of mature woodland and rolling pasture, at the head of Lake Windermere.
Brathay provides perfect camera positions for filming the stunning surroundings of the iconic Lake District which has inspired poets and artists for centuries.
Brathay however is a 'Must See' so for all Filming Enquiries and to organise a recce' please contact:
Category He shall never see death – daybydaywithjesus ============================== >>>For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.. I Corinthians 2: 2<<<=============================
Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keeps my saying, he shall never see death. John 8: 51 Verily, verily, I say unto you This is truth, and may be depended upon, as coming More...
Abby Leigh is looking forward to watching the moon turn purple, unaware that deadly bacteria from a passing comet will soon kill off older teens and adults.
The lightning-fast epidemic sweeps across the planet when the germs attack the hormones produced during puberty.
On a small island off the coast of Maine, Abby must help her brother and baby sister survive in this new world, but all the while she has a ticking time bomb inside of her -- adolescence.
Membership gives you a voice in directing the future of Ballarat and the region. Thank you to new and ongoing members for your continued support.
A home cannot fail an inspection. A professional home inspection gives you an independent, unbiased view of any problems and their solutions, so that you will have all the facts you need to make a sound, informed decision. The experts at Home Inspection Jefferson can help you make the right decision.
Depending on the size and condition of the home, a thorough home inspection will take three to four hours, Ideally you will accompany your inspector during the Home Inspection so that you will have visual reinforcement of your written report as well as allowing the inspector to point out some of your homes important features such as gas, electrical and water shutoffs and maintenance unique to your home.
We take our inspection reports seriously, we offer the best home inspection Jefferson County Ky has to offer. Every inspection is a thorough analysis of all the major systems and components in the home. The report includes a clear description of what we’ve found with any problem areas noted, so you can easily identify them. Our inspectors also provide a free telephone consultation after your inspection.
For those of you who have been along on this ride for a while, the next line is redundant. For the newcomers, it is safe to say that I have a busy life. In the past 17 days I signed … Continue reading →
This morning I was walking through the living room when the opening notes of the Star Spangled Banner sounded from the television. I stopped in place, came to attention, and presented a salute to the flag standard that I visualized … Continue reading →
Let me preface this with a simple statement and then a warning: I am not, nor do I claim to be, a veteran of any combat action that the United States government recognizes. I am not a holder of the … Continue reading →
Today’s blog will be fairly short. It’s plain old bragging, and a little bit of some other stuff. The bragging first. This past Monday, I was honored to represent the various veteran’s organizations as the emcee at the Memorial Day … Continue reading →
Posted in Assault on Saint Agnes, audio book, book review, canning, gardening, memorial day, popular culture, television, Uncategorized	| Tagged archdiocese of saint paul and minneapolis, assault on saint agnes, author, book, canning, commotion in the pews, gardening, joseph courtemanche, sequel, veterans	| Comments Off on Well, That Wasn’t Exactly Overnight. But It Was Fun.
Sunday was the annual men’s conference at my church. Part of the deal when you belong to a church like mine is wearing specific colors/clothing styles to celebrate different events. My friends are all laughing now, since my wardrobe consists … Continue reading →
Posted in Love, military, popular culture, Sincere Stuff, veterans	| Tagged bradley fighting vehicle, brothers and sisters, cabela's, commotion in the pews, criminal minds, diet coke, emotion, fleet farm, honor, joseph courtemanche, kinship, my father, netflix, proud, semper fi, shiloh missionary baptist church, thicker than blood, united states marine corps, veterans	| Comments Off on They All Stood Up.
Pre-Party for London O2 gigs on Sunday 17th June - RAFFLE PRIZES ANNOUNCED for Given To Live!! — Pearl Jam Community
Discussion Pre-Party for London O2 gigs on Sunday 17th June - RAFFLE PRIZES ANNOUNCED for Given To Live!!
Date within 1 day 3 days 1 week 2 weeks 1 month 2 months 6 months 1 year of Examples: Monday, today, last week, Mar 26, 3/26/04
My band (http://www.facebook.com/pearljammband) are putting on a pre-party show on Sunday 17th June for anyone who's staying near the O2 and fancies it!
We'll be playing a full set and there will be a few more treats and surprises on the night! Tickets just £10 in advance here: http://www.wegottickets.com/event/428174
My new Youtube channel - learn how to play every guitar part for every PJ song! https://www.youtube.com/letsplayall
That's cool bud but for those of us UK based living further out won't be travelling till the day really. Hope it goes well though, enjoy!
Sorry you can’t make it, Wishlist Foundation are putting on pre-parties on each day of the gig I think so that may be of interest. We got asked by lots of people (some are coming from abroad and making a weekend of it) to do something on the Sunday so we’re happy to oblige
Where are you in the UK? We're announcing 26 gigs for 2018 so we may be coming to a city near you soon anyway :-)
I reserved space for 60 at the Hollywood Bowl at the O2 on both show dates. Message me if you want a space.
Ah right thanks for letting us know, do you know where these Wishlist shows are to be located or is it not yet arranged? I'm based in Sheffield right now, for sure I'll come to your show or photograph if it you need something doing. Just PM me.
They haven’t confirmed where Wishlist will be holding the shows, they have an event on Facebook I think mate, i’ll Try and dig the link out
quick update - we've got some awesome prizes for our raffle to raise money to help www.giventolive.com continue their awesome work!!
- A signed copy of “Pearl Jam: The More You Need, The Less You Get” by the author (and close friend of Stone’s) Henrik Tuxen
There is a Wishlist party on Monday, 12 pm, Trafalgar Tavern but as far as I am aware there is none on Tuesday!
Yea that comment was from a while ago. Our pre-party gig is on the Sunday night and there’s a wish list party on the Monday before the main event! Not a bad start to the week :-)
I’m planning to be very tired and hungover and preparing for another night in the O2! Not that I know of mate, sorry ;-)
Reality TV World Message Board Forums PLEASE NOTE: The Reality TV World Message Boards are filled with desperate attention-seekers pretending to be one big happy PG/PG13-rated family. Don't be fooled. Trying to get everyone to agree with you is like herding cats, but intolerance for other viewpoints is NOT welcome and respect for other posters IS required at all times. Jump in and play, and you'll soon find out how easy it is to fit in, but save your drama for your mama. All members are encouraged to read the complete guidelines. As entertainment critic Roger Ebert once said, "If you disagree with something I write, tell me so, argue with me, correct me--but don't tell me to shut up. That's not the American way."
Wow. Girls year to win? Hmm. Not so sure, lets discuss that more in 24 hours. I don't know about you but I was pretty much overwhelmed with disappointment tonight.
I don't even know if this deserves rankings, and i'm not going to rank all 12. Sitting here typing this, only three stick in my mind. That's just 25%. Wow.
Lilly Scott - "Fixing A Hole" by the Beatles. She wins the award for most obscure song choice that actually worked. Damn fine job of sticking to who you are. Bravo.
Crystal Bowersox - "Hand In My Pocket" by Alanis. My favorite going into tonight and she did good. Didn't wow me like I was hoping for but she was - like Lilly - She was Crystal.
Siobhan - "Wicked Game" - She wins for surprising me. Well done and shows that "Living In The City" wasn't a fluke.
1) Crystal Bowersox – “Hand In My Pocket” by Alanis Morisette - Excellent version of the song, but not very original. She kind of turned me off with her comments about Idol and how she was in it for just the money. Still, I liked her a lot.
2) Katie Stevens – “Feeling Good” by Michael Buble – She was the only person who sang tonight and I thought I could actually see her winning this. I thought the judges were right about her being younger, but she sang the song really well. One of the top performances of the night.
3) Michelle Delamor – "Fallin’" by Alicia Keys – She's excellent. Nothing unique about her, but that was an excellent performance and if she takes a risk next and pulls it off, she'll shoot to the top of list.
4) Paige Miles – “Alright Now” by Free - Not bad at all. Wish we'd seen more of her. Going first is going to kill her.
5) Siobhan Magnus – “Wicked Game” by Chris Isaak – I liked this. I think she is a dark horse if she can make it through these first couple of weeks.
6) Didi Benami – “The Way I Am” by Ingrid Michaelson – I liked her performance more than Lilly's but not as much as Crystal's.
7) Lilly Scott – “Fixin’ A Hole” by the Beatles – I like Lilly, but she's not as good as Crystal or Didi and there can only be one (maybe two) funky chicks in the Top 12.
8) Katelyn Epperly – “Oh Darlin’” by the Beatles – She represented Iowa well which was nice. But she's not as good as some of the others.
9) Haeley Vaughn – “I Want to Hold Your Hand” by the Beatles – I get that she didn't sing it perfectly, but I really liked that she made a new version of the song.
11) Ashley Rodriguez - “Happy” by Leona Lewis - Aw man, my pick to win sucked! She could be in real trouble.
12) Lacey Brown – “Landslide” by Fleetwood Mac – This was just awful. From the first note, she was off. Very disappointing.
Oh my this made me like her even more...she's at least honest about it no other reason why she's on AI
Lilly Scott stole the show for me. Blew me away in a limited range, understated way. By far the best. If she keeps pulling that kind of stuff out of her bag of street tricks, she should win, at least among the women.
Siobhan's performance was hypnotizing. Lilly will have to fall on her face to lose, but if she does, Siobhan could take it all.
Michelle Delamor, I thought she did well, a professional night for her. Win or lose she should have a singing career.
Crystal Bowersox did well, and has an appealing quality to her performing. I expected her to to better however.
Can't really add to what you guys have said on the side of who was really good, and in that order, except that Haeley was just horrid. I almost felt sorry for her, but I was so upset about how she butchered my Beatles that I just couldn't....
1. Siobhan Magnus – “Wicked Game” This isn't just backing the Isle, this was the most intriguing performer of the night -- at least for the 'gosh, the editors tried to sandbag you' definition of 'intriguing'. Needs to work on getting some kind of personality across once the music stops, but has a chance to reach Top #12 if she can just keep distinguishing herself within the stack of cannonballs.
2. Lilly Scott – “Fixin’ A Hole” Established her identity in one song: 'Vote for me, I'm quirky!' (Okay, who opened the can of pork & beans?) Did something a little different at a higher level than most of the competition, but may not have connected with enough of the audience to get a long-term fanbase going.
3. Michelle Delamor – "Fallin’" In direct contrast, might have won a sing-alike contest, but had as much individuality as a photocopy. Still, it was a nice, clear photocopy with plenty of toner and no major ink spots obscuring the words, so...
4. Crystal Bowersox – “Hand In My Pocket” And a harmonica in your mouth, which just might have been the boldest move of the season-to-date. It's also the most personality you've shown beyond your background story. Top out here, and you're riding your interview cells in an endless circle over the same quarter-mile track.
5. Katelyn Epperly – “Oh Darlin’” Sort of competent. Still feels like a generic contestant. At a certain point during last night's show, that was on schedule to be high praise.
6. Janell Wheeler – “What About Love” Singing Heart normally signals the death knell for any contestant: that she came through it with any votes intact proves she's got a little ability. No skill at song choices, but ability? A touch. As-is, the bell is still ringing -- but it may take a few weeks before we hit midnight.
8. Katie Stevens – “Feeling Good” My impression from last night hasn't changed: Parvati Shallow Jr. It's an insult, it's cruel, it's arguably one of the worst things that could be said about anyone, and when describing that routine she presented to cap the show, it's so very accurate...
9. Paige Miles – “Alright Now” No. No, it wasn't. This was the first time (and won't be the last) this season when the judges directly tried to save someone after a horrible round. 'But you're so talented! You have the best voice here! You could be a star! And somehow, it's not your fault that the entire performance made us pass our fumigation license!'
11. Lacey Brown – “Landslide” Let's just skip to the part where she tries to have sex with Bret Michaels.
12. Haeley Vaughn – “I Want to Hold Your Hand” The power of this performance's svck is the reason Los Angeles residents woke up this morning to discover their city was fifteen feet narrower. 'It's not graffiti, it's art!' No, it's desecrating a shrine. Go directly to jail.
1) Crystal Bowersox-Good but not great. She has the most talent, I think, but does she have the passion?
Paige Miles - I did not like the song choice. Didn't think she was that great and totally didn't understand the comment that she had the best voice in the competition.
Lilly Scott - I liked her. She is very quirky and unique. Could she be a female Taylor Hicks? Time will tell.
Haeley Vaughn - I give her credit for changing the arrangement but you still gotta sing well. She is just not very good.
Lacey Brown - Major dissapointment. I liked her and thought she was better than that. Don't think she will get a chance to redeem herself.
Didi Benami - Good job and at least she didn't cry. I want to see how she does out of her comfort zone. I really like her.
Siobhan Magnus - My favorite of the night. Big surprise to me. Love that song and thought she did a fine job with it. She has no personality though.
Crystal Bowersox - My second favorite. Love her voice. I wish she'd lose the harp and just sing. They only get a short time to sing and it is a singing competition.
Katie Stevens - The girl can sing for sure. I agree that the song was too old for her but she sang it well.
1. Crystal-the longer she stays the whiter her teeth will become. I like her a lot and she did the best imho...I would have liked a different song Crystallized though
3. Sibhon-I really like her and she did ok but it was a bit too low for me...but she makes funny faces like Kris and he was last year's dark horse!
5. Katie-she sang pretty well in comparison...she is the chosen one and got the pimp spot accordingly
7. Haeley!!!-I knew it even before she was chosen as VFTW..the lisp, the smiling, the costume, the arrangement...what a star!!
9. Paige-omh she'e the best, Simon, really? what a horrible song choice like Adam's FogHat! Free? really you had the entire Billboard chart for the last bazillion years...I had her marked down as Should and will go in my notes...but I ended up crossing that out bc of the last 3
I thought she looked gorgeous. I wonder if the make-over has anything to do with Simon's proclamation that he's looking for the next Taylor Swift.
1. Crystal—I actually like the honesty of I gotta make some money. Not some trying to change the world of music or whatever people say when they don’t want to admit being a famewhore. Love the one woman band thing and I really really like the way her voice sounds.
1.1 Siobahn—Most random song choice ever. I love her weirdness and just hope it is endearing enough to keep her around awhile. Voice was actually listenable in the lower register which usually is the bane of most AI girl contestants. Really seems to connect to what the music is talking about.
3. Lilly—Has a really nice tone to her voice. Good choice of something not so famous or so easy to compare her to the original. Showed her personality and showcased her voice well.
4. Michelle—Sure it was sound alike, but she is so far the only women not named Alicia Keys who has sung that song where I didn’t need to kill small cute fuzzy things when they were done. She has a really well trained voice, but needs to show more personality and will have to do something other than sound alike to get to the end. Got the red couch interview with Katie.
5. Katie—Has a good voice, but I’m so sick of the teenybopper trying to be a 50 year old torch singer in a lounge act. You can’t pull off sophisticated or world weary so please stop.
6. Katelyn—Like her voice more than some of the others, but the twichy performance and the make up made me think of a drunk relative at a wedding that just had a bad breakup. All we needed was for the lipstick to be smeared a bit.
7. Paige—Don’t clap with the mic. Sang mostly on key. Didn’t quite work the mic right on the glory note that distorted it a bit. Not a bad performance, but song didn’t seem to suit her voice or showcase it. Nothing special about her voice for me to like, but she can actually sing on stage live.
8. Janell—Starts off with a nice rasp and that might have worked if she’d switched up the song but as it got more up tempo she lost what was good in the start and didn’t like how she did the glory notes. Could have actually done something nice with this, but didn’t quite get there.
9 Didi—Trying way too hard to be quirky and other girls do it much more convincingly. Do not sing songs about Rogaine. This is for everyone. Just don’t. Really bad product placement idea. Find other products to sing about, please.
10. Ashley—Started too low for her voice. Too breathy holding the mic too close so all the puhs and buhs were distracting. Nothing special about the performance. Didn’t really show any personality. Wasn’t really bad, but nothing really to vote for.
11. Lacey—Song did not suit the cutsey Betty Boop ishness in her voice. A lighter song would have suited it much better. Unfortunately there are too many good versions of this to compare it to so really made it seem worse than it is.
15. Haeley—Lose the headbands with the big floppy flowers, please. Off Key in a really bad way. If the dogs in the neighborhood figure out it was my TV that set them howling I’m going to get bit. I just know it. That was really painful.
First off - Did none of these girls watch last season when Adam (and to a far lesser extent Chris:and I think only because he was roommates with Adam) took a song and made it his?
This was amateur Kara-oke night (pun intended). Horrid. And after all the hoopla about the girls I was sooo disappointed.
4. Crystal Bowersox – I want to like her, I do, but there's something about her that makes me think that she "thinks" she better than she really is.
9, 10, 11. Ashley Rodrigues, Paige Miles, Lacey Brown –Way off. I thought Ashley and Lacey would rank higher for me. But that was before they sang!
Wow, I'm surprised you attribute Kris's ability to change up a song to rooming with Adam. Adam's changed song versions were actually obscure versions that can be found on you tube sung by other artists--Adam just shined a light on them and added his cache. I think Adam did them with flare; imo Kris was more original but a lot less flare.
If I'm not mistaken, I read an interview where Kris even acknowledged Adam's help with some of his arrangements. So you shouldn't be too surprised when even Kris is giving credit where credit is due.
Paige what were the judges thinking/hearing? And Simon asserts that she’s the best of the females? What is he smoking? And why did Ryan have her reveal that she was waiting to pee? She will not be the TCO.
Ashley--had a professional veneer but I didn’t like it. Agree it is tough to sing one that an anointed diva already sings. Did not spark for me at all.
Janell--it seemed like she was taking a safe road but got beat up for it because it’s a big song. I think she’ll be fine and this will be part of her growth story. No one is expecting her to be the front runner after this week’s performance. That’s how AI likes it. They want to bring her along…and then anoint her, like they did Jordin Sparks.
Lilly--I enjoyed it; she brought originality to it. Randy pegged and pigeonholed her: you are a real indy artist”. This season’s Brooke White. Top 6? She exudes cool.
Haeley--I completely agree that she didn’t have the voice or technique but damn, that girl has spark! She is very appealing and tried to make it her own. Thankful for Ellen saving her drubbing by saying “hot mess”.
Lacey--she must be an acquired taste because she was not for me. I did hear shades of Dolly Parton in her singing, though. Wonder how she would do with a country song.
Didi--Thought it was good from the beginning. I could listen to her on the radio right now. Looking forward to her next week.
Siobhan--thought she did a good job with it. Extremely low in the beginning though. But I can take her or leave her.
Crystal--I really liked her. She is the alternative singer for the season. Enjoyed the harp bit and that she’s truly naïve about the show. They put her next to last for a reason, They know she’s a draw for the show.
"Season 9's 12 female semifinalists take the stage for the first time, but pitch problems and nerves derail more than half the pack"
All logos and trademarks presented are property of their respective owner. This website has been solely developed and presented by Reality TV World, and is in no way authorized or connected with any network, station affiliate, or broadcasting sponsor.
Dear Catherine, Now your super yummy muffins will have an extra special emotional significance for our family: I had just baked a big batch of them, since I wanted my older daughter to have her favorite breakfast while my husband and I were in hospital for the birth of our second daughter , when my water broke. I took my older one to bed, then grabbed half the batch of ... Read More »
Every time I come to this site, I get so excited about trying everything on it. It takes me back to being in the kitchen with my mom. Cooking & baking for some has become a lost art, for some an unlearned art. Cuisinicity is the teacher for the beginner, intermediate & advanced chef!!! It just keeps getting better & better!! That’s why I tell everyone I know about ... Read More »
When I put a new dish on the table, my husband laughs and says: “let me guess, it tastes great and it’s good for us!” : )
Cuisinicity has become my go-to website…I’ve raved about your recipes to our friends and Neighbors…so much so that when I put a new dish on the table, my husband laughs and says, “let me guess, it tastes great AND it’s good for us!” Please keep up the great work, we’re enjoying it immensely!--Darlene ... Read More »
I was intimidated at first with your culinary/French culture and neuroscience background, but I adore you!
I was intimidated at first with your culinary/French culture and neuroscience background, but I adore you! You and the food you love are down to earth, wholesome and simple. I think you make ALL of us feel at home around your table, no matter our background. Thank you for that!--Jody ... Read More »
Hi mom! I don't necessarily need the recipe book, as you, the creator of cuisinicity, are the one who does the cooking in our house. Nevertheless, I want to comment on how much I love your food and really appreciate the time you put in to making sure the food is nutritious enough for my growing body. I love you-- Gabe ... Read More »
"I love your recipes and have baked this pumpkin pie, the house smells wonderful and your crust is gorgeous much better than the traditional butter flour variety. I can’t wait to serve it for Thanksgiving!" -Mia Click on photo for the pumpkin pie recipe ... Read More »
"I usually give my nine year old carrot, celery, cucumber and apple juice but I ran out of carrots. I was looking through the smoothie recipes and decided to give him this one since he loves strawberries. This is what he said, "mama I don't like this smoothie, I love it". He was one happy camper this morning. Thanks, Catherine for helping me to feed my family healthy foods ... Read More »
"She bubbles. She sparkles. She’s French. Need we say more?" ...WAG magazine July issue expands in article The Marriage of Nutritious and Delicious here! ... Read More »
"Love it! Such a wonderful and healthy approach. Your Blog is a much needed reminder to embrace food for its health benefits and the pleasure it brings. Merci!" ~Melisa ... Read More »
"I LOVE that these videos are in real time – that we cook with you and see the process or you tell us if you run out of time – but don’t feel rushed – it is fun to cook with you!!" ~Greg "You are soon much fun to watch! Talk about distractions while preparing a meal…so funny because it is so true! Love the look of this recipe and am enjoying going thru and finding some ... Read More »
Suspect Arrested with Stolen Phone While Casing New VictimsAt approximately 9:50pm last night, officers from District 4 arrested Richard Hardiman, 40, of Cambridge and charged him with Receiving Stolen Property, and Possession of Burglarious Tools. Officers were on patrol in the Back Bay area of Commonwealth Ave. and Dartmouth St. when they observed the suspect looking into cars while pretending to talk on a cell phone. Officers continued to observed this individual for approximately fifteen minutes as he proceeded at a very slow pace looking into cars. Officers stopped the suspect and conducted an investigation. The investigation revealed that the phone that the suspect had in his possession had been stolen the day before, and that the suspect had in his possession an item used as a burglarious tool. OUI Suspect Arrested After Hitting Six Parked Cars Last night around 11:33pm, officers from District 11 responded to a radio call for a motor vehicle accident involving a drunk driver at 336 Savin Hill Ave. in Dorchester. On arrival, officers observed the suspect’s car facing the wrong way on the street with a broken axle resting on several parked cars. Officers observed six cars that were hit by the suspect’s motor vehicle as he drove down a one-way street. Witnesses on scene, some of whom were also victims, stated that they had removed the suspect’s keys from the ignition when he attempted to flee after hitting the parked cars. Officers made observations of the suspect that lead them to believe that he was driving under the influence of alcohol. The suspect refused to perform any field sobriety tests. The suspect, Arthur Dakin, 43, of Halifax was arrested and charged with Operating Under the Influence of Alcohol, and issued a citation for Operating a Motor Vehicle on a One way Going the Wrong way. Pick Pocket Arrested Hugging Victim This morning around 2:21am, officers from District 1 while on patrol in the area of State St. and McKinley St. arrested Dennis Platt, 39, of Dorchester and charged him with Larceny from a Person/Pick-Pocket and Resisting Arrest. Officers arrested the suspect after their attention was drawn to the suspect who was talking in a loud manner as he hugged the victim. As officers were observing the interaction, they saw suspect stick his hand in the victim’s pocket and remove his wallet. The suspect threw the wallet on the ground as officers approached him. Officers spoke to both parties and learned that the victim did not know the suspect but had simply been approached by him. Officers Arrest Armed Suspect After Foot Pursuit This morning around 3:00am, officers from District 1 responded to the area of 83 Essex St. for a report of a person shot. Officers in the area had observed the incident and gave a description of the suspect as they attempted to pursue the fleeing suspect. Other responding units shortly thereafter located an individual matching the given description in the area of Harvard St. and Tyler St. The suspect gain attempted to elude capture by running but was caught after a brief foot pursuit. Assisting officers from District 1, while the suspect was being placed under arrest, located a firearm along the route that the suspect had taken while fleeing. A witness was able to identify the suspect as the person he had observed hiding and throwing an object where the firearm was found. Suspect, Armando Robles, 27, of Boston was arrested and charged with Unlawful Possession of a Firearm, Unlawful Possession of Ammunition and Unlawful Possession of a Large Capacity Feeding Device. The victim of the shooting incident was transported to Massachusetts General Hospital in stable condition.
The purpose should be to lessen the burden on the customer by having income reps follow prescribed ways, Each and every with its personal instruments and documents to aid shoppers through the procedure. As an alternative to representing a list of product sales activities, as in conventional programs, the measures stand for a set of buying pursuits (“acknowledge need to have,” “Examine solutions,” “validate and select a solution”) coupled with suggested actions that might help salespeople tutorial The client.
Whatever the sort of the description on the historic solution, the case Trainer need to get treatment to stop providing the effect the historical solution could be the "ideal respond to.
Amy Gallo, HBR contributing editor, discusses a valuable tactic to extra proficiently cope with conflict in the workplace: knowing whether or not you commonly seek or avoid conflict. Just about every temperament fashion influences the way you solution a selected conflict, together with how your counterpart does.
We now have designed a case study for a few level1 college students that includes group education including dialogue of group dynamics, team working and group meetings. As outlined earlier, we also think that formal team classes are useful for The scholars, particularly for more time case studies.
After midnight, Mr. Tucker deleted his initial tweet, then posted an image of it stamped With all the word “Bogus” for posterity. It didn't obtain A lot notice.
Scott DeRue, the dean of University of Michigan's Ross Faculty of Company, suggests the old design of business faculty instruction is absent. It can be not adequate to sequester oneself on campus for two decades right before heading out into the whole world of commerce.
She describes how you can create self-consciousness with the responses of loving critics and the way to mentor a person who isn’t self-informed. Eurich will be the author from the e book “Insight.”
Leslie John, Harvard Enterprise College professor, clarifies why you mustn't squander time wanting to detect your counterpart's lies; alternatively, use strategies drawn from psychology to acquire them to divulge the reality. She's the writer Read More Here in the HBR report "How to Negotiate which has a Liar."
Ram Charan, coauthor of "Boards that Lead," talks about what he's learned in a few a long time of aiding executives make difficult conclusions.
They seek out out a unique set site link of stakeholders, preferring skeptical alter agents around pleasant informants, and they mentor those alter brokers on how to acquire as opposed to quizzing look at here now them about their company’s getting course of action.
The leading purpose of mass media should be to be common and acceptable for everybody, as a way to gather the most important probable audience. Therefore tv, accountable for offering the central social discourse, is imagined to be read the full info here “a mirror from the Culture”.
Despite important existence of the stereotypes in commercials, marketing experts Increasingly more usually use non-schematic Tips on the advertising of services.
NASA/JPL used Amazon CloudWatch to monitor spikes in site visitors volume and provision extra potential based on regional demand from customers. As traffic volumes returned to standard hrs after the landing, NASA/JPL utilized AWS CloudFormation to de-provision sources utilizing a single command. The determine under supplies a diagram in the live movie streaming architecture.
The case technique described in this post should not be bewildered Along with the casebook system used in law faculties. While the case approach calls upon learners to tackle the click this link position of an genuine individual confronted with hard issue, the casebook strategy asks students to dissect a done case-at-law.
Designed to provide activities that increase the understanding, assessment, development, and utilization of aerospace resources and to expand the educational, scientific, and research base of all aerospace-related fields.
Enhancing University Accessibility and Career Development through Mentoring of Underrepresented Student Populations in the Sacramento Area
STEM Outreach Focused on Research in the Control of Lagrangian Mixing in Fuel Injector Flows into Supersonic Cross-Stream
Support for NASA Content Dissemination for Summer Residential Program for Elementary School Teachers
On Friday, April 18, 2014 the California Space Grant Consortium (CaSGC) held its Southern California affiliate meeting at University of California, Los Angeles. The meeting was attended by staff from NASA / Jet Propulsion Laboratory, NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center, affiliates, partners, and students from the Los Angeles metropolitan area, San Diego, and Sacramento, and CaSGC Headquarters staff.
On Friday, March 28, 2014 the California Space Grant Consortium (CaSGC) held its affiliate meeting at NASA Ames Research Center. The meeting was attended by NASA Ames Office of Education staff, affiliates and partners from the Bay Area, Central Valley, and Southern California along with their students, and CaSGC Headquarters staff.
Space Systems Engineering, a new massive open online course or MOOC from NASA and the Saylor Foundation, launches on Monday, March 3, 2014. The six-week general-audience course is available to the public at no cost and provides a unique opportunity to learn from and alongside NASA’s engineers. Students who participate can earn a free certificate.
The California Space Grant Consortium (CaSGC) is pleased to announce the 2014 Rocket Project Solicitation. Student teams may apply for funding for participation in national High Power Rocketry (HPR) competitions. Up to $10,000 has been allocated to support up to five student teams at $2,000 per team. The objectives of this funding are to:
Encourage the formation of student led rocket teams that participate in national rocket competitions and
The California Space Grant Consortium is pleased to announce its 2013-2014 Undergraduate Research Opportunity Program (UROP).
This entry was posted in News and Announcements, Opportunities, Student on January 8, 2014 by tehseen.
Professor Christopher Russell, the California Space Grant Consortium’s campus director for UC Los Angeles, was invited to give a talk at the National Council of Space Grant Directors Fall Meeting in Charleston, South Carolina in October. Supported by the California Space Grant, the presentation was entitled The Dawn Discovery Mission: A Voyage in Space and Time.
The California Space Grant is pleased to provide an opportunity for two California students studying Aero/Astro to intern for 10 days at Kennedy Space Center next January. During this time they will shadow NASA engineers to learn about their research, the new post-space shuttle environment, and the systems engineering approach at NASA. All expenses will be covered by the California Space Grant. Continue reading →
In Summer and Fall of 2013 the California Space Grant and the San Diego MESA Alliance sponsored a research academy for 25 community college and university students attending minority serving institutions. Continue reading →
The NASA Space Technology Mission Directorate is seeking America’s Best and Brightest for Research Fellowships. Fellowships are aimed at graduate students pursuing advanced degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) disciplines. Awards of up to $68K per year will be provided.
Embed this video to your site with this code: HD Videos Channels Most Popular Recommended Playlists DVDs Upload Random. My Favorites Liked Recommended For You Beta Viewing History Log In Sign Up Free. Then the video "Pussy Space" offers you a lot of useful information cumshot sex, which tells and shows you the best moments of sexual life, where each partner feels unreal facial bliss.
Attractive girl. Sure would have liked to see the whole package, but grateful for what she did show.
Languages Swedish, Spanish, Russian, Rumania, Italy, German, French, Dutch, Bulgarian, Tuerkish, other languages are possible.
Sears Automobile has the option to repair it, switch it or refund the acquisition price at our discretion. Improper or improperly carried out upkeep or repair voids this guarantee. This warranty will give you distinct legal legal rights, and You might also have other legal rights which vary from point out to state. This warranty does not go over fleet or business motor vehicles.
We’ve all heard it – that squeaking or grinding sound Whenever your vehicle or truck is coming to the stop. These Appears are good indicators you may have new brake pads and/or rotors. Your brakes could also present many other symptoms that a brake repair is needed, for instance:
Find out more ‡Obtain prerequisites ahead of taxes and after bargains and Discount coupons. Offer relates to automobile buys above $199 or buys more than $399 immediately after discounts and Coupon codes when you use a qualifying Sears card.
With the estimate, only you select the work for us to complete and choose the brake support prepare that is correct in your auto and its efficiency.
: Constrained Warranty: This warranty covers the first purchaser of the merchandise along with the motor vehicle through which it had been originally mounted. This guarantee lasts for four many years in the day of set up. This warranty handles put on-out, producer defects, or abnormal sounds within the brake pad. This warranty does not protect installation. To have warranty service, bring the car or truck along with your evidence of obtain to any Sears Auto Retail store.
Just Brakes is happy to offer a army lower price of 10% off, up to $fifty discounts. This may not be combined with other provides. You should see retail outlet for particulars.
Your recently seen things and showcased recommendations › Perspective or edit your browsing background
Click on any coupon for the printable Variation of our specials. Just print the out there coupons and produce them into your nearest Just Brakes area. Or, basically conserve them to the good telephone and bring it into any Just Brakes.
The brake evaluation cost is credited in the direction of any brake repairs if you select to provide the get the job done finished
Just after viewing product or service element web pages, glance here to search out a simple solution to navigate back again to pages you are interested in.
At Balyang Motors we offer over simply the car servicing. With Each individual position you have the know-how that Balyang Motors has the combined expertise of over sixty a long time.
This offer you cannot be coupled with other provides. No dollars worth. Will not use to dealer and Unique get areas. Valid only for the dates mentioned. Coupon has to be introduced at time of estimate. Pay a visit to store for comprehensive particulars. Not accessible in the slightest degree locations.
To Learn the way Substantially it will Price to Obtain your automobile expert services make sure you give us a phone on 5222 1788. We'll happily give you a quote.
We lubricate and change your parking brake cables, which helps supply even, well balanced braking. Then we lubricate the caliper tutorial pins, star wheel adjuster, and backing plate pads to the drum brake assembly.
If you provide your car or truck in we complete our systematic brake evaluation to determine precisely what brake repairs are needed. And we give you an estimate before beginning any operate, so you’re answerable for your repairs.
. These brake warranties will not deal with any areas apart from These itemized as Component of the brake provider over the front of the Bill. These brake warranties will not utilize to any autos pushed below unusually dangerous situations (e.
We offer quite a few packages to assist keep your car healthier and carrying out at its peak. Regardless of whether you’re getting ready for the road vacation, getting ready your auto to get a improve of time or are merely wanting to have a number of providers concluded — our motor vehicle servicing packages will help you cut costs and time.
With a whole brake analysis, we are able to ascertain just what your brakes have to have for superior stopping electric power.
For clear factors we can't consist of within our Web-site in depth costings for that servicing of every and every car or truck, but as a starting point a minimal service would Expense $one hundred fifty (ailments utilize).
We take out your brake fluid and clear the master cylinder reservoir. We then fill the reservoir with new manufacturers' approved brake fluid and flush the brakes until new fluid is flowing from Each individual wheel location.
Your brake program is made up of numerous distinct parts which might be repaired independently. This can be why we don’t just offer you a Expense quotation for any brake job about the mobile phone or online.
Your brakes are amongst The main factors of your automobile. This is certainly why we only use high-top quality areas when repairing your brake system again to its original technical specs.
Our experts don't just know the communities we provide, Additionally they get to learn you and your vehicle repair desires. And address so they make your believe in with Outstanding, inexpensive services The 1st time, when.
Our Accredited brake technician performs a complete brake process evaluation per OEM requirements. This includes:
Below, it is possible to normally discover our most up-to-date Discount codes on your brake repair and complete auto care upkeep demands. We update them routinely, so you'll want to check our Site when you have to have revenue-saving Discount codes and specials.
MYRTLE BEACH, SC (WMBF) – Myrtle Beach Police are on the scene of a shooting near Futrell Park, according to Capt. Joey Crosby with MBPD.
In a video posted to the Myrtle Beach Police Department Facebook Page, Captain Crosby said the shooting happened shortly after 7:00 Sunday night at the intersection of King Street and Spivey Street.
Officers heard multiple gunshots and found two victims, once of which was immediately transported to the hospital.
Our newest model, and the perfect BBQ Trailer for family get togethers, parties, and more! The SGT model BBQ Trailer by Pitmaker is just the right size for your driveway and your budget. Custom made and painted to your specifications!
Custom Reinforced Trailer made with 3” x 2” x 3/16” Thick Steel Tubing, heavily reinforced with secondary rail and corner braces.
LED Taillights w/ fully enclosed wiring and reinforced solid steel tube taillight bracket for serious corrosion resistance and durability.
**Give us a call or email and we will be happy to send you an estimate with itemized options and help you configure your Pitmaker BBQ Trailer!
Anxious. Frustrated. Fatigued. The emotions you experience when you work long hours—especially when you labor through lunch without leaving your desk—are the same things dogs feel when they don’t get out of your pet-friendly apartment for a midday walk. Your canine companion needs to stretch his legs and enjoy some mental stimulation multiple times a day. It’s a primal need. If this need isn’t fulfilled, it leads to behavior and health problems. So what can you do to keep your dog calm and content, and protect your favorite loafers from getting chewed to pieces? Daycare for pets has its benefits, but many people prefer hiring a professional dog walker. Here’s why.
Paying for a 30-minute walk is less expensive than a full day of care. Also, professional dog walking services often offer discounts on additional services like boarding, should you need to leave town for a few days.
The age and personality of your pooch play an important role in his exercise routine. Introverted or timid dogs may not thrive in the highly social environment of doggie day care. On the other end of the spectrum, aggressive breeds tend to be more docile when walked in a small group, and overly energetic pups can benefit from a long walk tailored with training.
More break-ins occur during daylight hours, while people are at work. Would-be burglars are deterred by homes with dogs, however, and having a dog walker come to your home in the middle of the day also increases security.
Dogs bark when they are stressed. They run when they have pent up energy. Chances are none of your neighbors—whether upstairs, downstairs or on the same floor—will appreciate these behaviors. Keep the peace in your apartment building by making sure your pooch gets a midday walk.
Hiring a professional dog walker can be very beneficial to you and your pets. Before hiring just anyone, take the time to speak with the person who will be performing the service (not just a company representative). See how your dog interacts with the walker, and be sure to ask the right questions and discuss any specific concerns you have about your dog.
Recently, there have been new generational releases for many product lines including brands we carry such as Dell, HP and IBM. Because we know there’s no way you have the time to research all of the new products that have been released, we’re going to bring the product reviews to you. To kick us off, we’re going to take a look at the new IBM System x3650 M4 rack server.
Due to the new technologies and enhancements, some of the features and benefits that IBM x3650 M4 servers specifically offer include energy-smart performance, easy expandability, improved RAID capabilities, extensive I/O bandwidth, increased system and application uptime, reduced operational expenses and improved productivity.
The real reason to buy x3650 M4 servers lies in their affordability and ability to easily grow their capacity and performance alongside the needs of your organization. As a result, we see the IBM x3640 M4 as a good fit for growing SMB’s running or heading towards the path of high performance computing, cloud deployments and mission-critical applications.
This sounds like a really good server. I like that it has more memory and disc capacity. Energy smart performance is another good thing to have. I noticed a recent trend with modern computer racks and servers where companies seem to be striving to go green and be as efficient as possible while using the least amount of energy. It's a good direction for them to go in.
A weak marketing channel can cripple any businesses… It doesn’t matter if you’re selling software, educational products, or physical goods; just like us humans eat food to stay alive, businesses need healthy marketing channels that provide leads to fuel growth. ...
What you don’t know won’t hurt you. Unfortunately, this statement is wrong when it comes to website personalization. If you’re in the business of better understanding your users, then listen up, because this mindset will help your users love you...
Instagram marketing is tricky. It requires a various of skills and tools, and getting started may be scary. That's why I'm sharing my top 7 advance tactics that should help guide you....
If you're looking to double your eCommerce revenue, then you should be engaging with people who abandon your cart. In this post we'll go through the methodology and tools recommended to stop your leaky eCommerce bucket....
If you want to publish a webinar, you better have influencers. If you want influencers, Twitter is their natural habitat. Learn how to hunt them down!...
Now everyone's a SEO expert. My grannie has "SEO wizard" as her LinkedIn title. But if you don't work in SEO, chances are what you know about it is wrong....
Tags and categories rock. They improve your blog's UX and generate a lot of SEO traffic. But they were difficult to plan and manage. Until now. ...
In the time where everyone is talking about organic visits, you'll learn why SEM is better than SEO in only 4 minutes. Amazing, I know....
Content is king. It'll get you visitors, leads and sales. But if you want EFFECTIVE content you must create a GREAT content strategy. Here's how....
Instagram. Where you can have landscapes, food and semi-naked people in the same spot. You already know know everything there's to know about it, no?...
The newest business park for the Port of Pasco, Wash., is a 125-acre site along the Columbia River. It is one of the last remaining undeveloped, levee-free shorelines in the Tri-Cities. It is also one of the port’s most valuable pieces of property because of the potential it holds for development and improving public access to the river.
This project consists of the construction of Building No. 1 and involves the construction of a new 20,166-square-foot Class A office building (shell and core) with a 8,600-square-foot single-use tenant improvement and related site development covering 8.11 acres (phase 1) of a 110-acre master plan at the intersection of Oregon Avenue and Ainsworth Street in Pasco, Wash.
The new business park has an osprey nesting platform on site that annually hosts a family. Ospreys are among the largest birds of prey in North America and are common near large bodies of water at lower elevations throughout Washington. The migratory birds generally return to Washington in late March or early April. They reuse nests, and continue to add sticks each year. Nests may be more than 7 feet across and more than 5 feet deep.
A pre-bid meeting will be held at 10 a.m. on Jan. 15 at the Port Administrative Office, 904 E. Ainsworth St. in Pasco. The pre-bid meeting will include a tour of the project site.
A question not answered in the article is in what way are the Osprey and their young being protected during the construction and building on “their” land? From other experiences building beside a commonly used wildlife site can cause the wildlife to leave.
It would be really too bad – no criminal – if the build at Osprey Point resulted in no Osprey living there. It would be one more example of many where profit trumped responsibility. Once gone there is a high probability of no return by the birds.
A proposal to remake a property with deep roots in Old Town Chinatown’s Chinese-American community has stalled after Portland’s Historic Landmarks Commission offered design advice that discouraged the developer.
Glassmasters catalog is jam-packed with full color pictures and descriptions of their lovely stained glass items. You will find all of the pieces you see here, and more! For your convenience, we will include a price sheet. If you find something in the catalog that you would like to add to your collection, contact me at homestead_stainedglass@comcast.net and include the item number(s) and I will be happy to accommodate you! Thank you for your patronage. To order a catalog, please click the button below.
Below is a checklist of the 62 dragonfly and damselfly species for the area Finland. It's based on Dijkstra and Lewington's Field Guide to the Dragonflies and Damselflies of Britain and Europe (2006), on the Atlas of the European Dragonflies and Damselflies (Boudot & Kalkman (eds.), 2015), and - in a handful of cases - on new area records. Please click here if you would like to see the list below with the Finnish common names or the scientific names.
The list below is sorted as per our overall checklist. Clicking on a species name in the list allows you to then cycle through the entire checklist for the area Finland by using the Previous (<==) and Next (==>) buttons at the bottom of each page. If you would prefer to see it sorted alphabetically on the English common names, please click here.
Note: if you believe a species is missing from the checklist below, please do email us at with the new information, together with the relevant source(s) and references. If we agree that the new information is indeed valid, we will update the checklist as soon as possible.
Does any one know where I can dl the old Beauty pop realease? I dled all of the ones out and on the irc, no one is there but me!! Please reply and if you do I'm hoping that people will email me a link of the releases.
are you sure you're in the right channel? it's irchighway for the server and #dragonvoice for the channel...
entirely. I went on IRC and had the touhest time finding how to dl the manga because i don't know who has what and if they are updated or old...need help on all these toughies.
hi i just started this forum not too long ago but How do you download IRC and are there other links to beauty pop then IRC?
okay, first of all, this thread is supposed to be on manga discussion, so i'm moving it to IRC Help, where it should be :]
to xlovelyj: as i said in the thread in the links section, BP is licensed, and if you really want the scanlations, you gotta find it in IRC or some other site that hosts it because DV doesn't have http links for it
luvmeeh_008: i really can't help you out if you aren't looking for online IRC guides and following the directions from them. ^^;;
now, if your only problem is knowing who has what, well... you just have to search around their fserves.
March 17, 2018	Ary Digital Dramas, Dilli Walay Dularay Babu Comments Off on Dilli Walay Dularay Babu Episode 77 Watch Video Dailymotion On Ary Digital – 24th March 2018
March 10, 2018	Ary Digital Dramas, Dilli Walay Dularay Babu Comments Off on Dilli Walay Dularay Babu Episode 76 Watch Video Dailymotion On Ary Digital – 17th March 2018
March 3, 2018	Ary Digital Dramas, Dilli Walay Dularay Babu Comments Off on Dilli Walay Dularay Babu Episode 75 Watch Video Dailymotion On Ary Digital – 10th March 2018
Europe and South America USPS International first class mail $9.1 $1.5 Estimated delivery time is 10 to 20 business days
Asia and Oceania USPS International first class mail $9.8 $1.5 Estimated delivery time is 10 to 20 business days
Africa USPS International first class mail $12.6 $1.5 Estimated delivery time is 10 to 20 business days
* Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.
We are located at 5116 Main Street Suite B, Downers Grove, IL 60515, the north parking lot of the Downers Grove Library.
Нож для роторной электрической косилки изготовлен из высокоуглеродистой стали. Нож выполнен специальной формой, которая облегчает уборку скошенной травы в травосборник. Размер ножа 380 мм.
Update from the National Juvenile Defender Center (NJDC): Today, the Illinois Supreme Court issued their opinion in In re Austin M., reversing the decisions of the lower courts and remanding the case for new trial. The decision is a great victory for the juvenile defense community! The court held that it is a per se conflict of […]
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (4) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (6) August 2017 (5) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (5) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (7) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (8) August 2015 (1) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (4) October 2014 (3) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (11) September 2013 (20) August 2013 (28) July 2013 (24) June 2013 (21) May 2013 (27) April 2013 (28) March 2013 (20) February 2013 (24) January 2013 (18) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (20) October 2012 (32) September 2012 (27) August 2012 (19) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (9) March 2012 (4) February 2012 (5) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (9) February 2011 (1) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (2)
Weekly Roundup – Navigating our children around “Fake News,” a look into a 2-year immigrant’s day in court, and underserved, hungry children. By: Lauae Wolfe October 12, 2018
Getting it Right for children using data to target Gaps in due process, with a focus on: Arizona: Bringing Gault Home, An Assessment of Access to and Quality of Juvenile Defense Counsel October 4, 2018
ADHD Adoption autism barack obama bullying Center for Children Law and Policy child abuse child development children children with disabilities child welfare David Domenici education education plan Florida Foster care Houston human trafficking incarcerated youth India Indian Child Welfare Act JLWOP juvenile Juvenile Defense juvenile detention juvenile justice juvenile law k-12 Miller v. Alabama Mitt Romney National Juvenile Defender Center NJDC school School choice sexual abuse Southwest Juvenile Defender Center special education Supreme Court texas Texas Juvenile Justice Department Truancy University of Houston Law Center vouchers youth Zealous Advocacy Conference
"Why Robin, I didn't know you charged money for this library! I thought you did it out of the goodness of your heart!"
These are (relatively) legitimate concerns. My answers often depend on the condition of my back and my mood, but while I'm in a good one, I'll answer them here.
Why a private library rather than public? Contrary to what I always believed, public libraries do not contain all that is good and noble in literature. Librarians instead are instructed to offer what is current and popular. Libraries today offer books filled with politically correct revisionism, Darwinism and pop culture. Many of today's libraries are replacing bookshelves for computer screens. In fact, in my small town library you'll find a large center area of computer terminals with the books being pushed to the margins. An alarming number of the books it does contain, especially in the youth section, focus on the occult. When I began using living books in my homeschool, I was appalled at what we were finding in our local library. In future posts I will address this culture shift, but suffice it to say, the treasured books in my "well-edited" library are rarely found in any public library.
What about the money? Ah...here's where we really get to the heart of the matter. Why do I not offer my collection for free as a ministry? Again, this is a cultural issue and Christian homeschool families are not exempt from its influence. First of all, public libraries are not free. And even if they were, is it worth the price we pay to expose our children to the depravity offered on most library shelves? My family has invested tens of thousands of dollars in the best gems the "golden age of children's literature," as Michelle Miller calls it, has to offer. These books, primarily written between 1920 and 1970, touch our lives in ways most modern books do not. Michelle says this about children's books written during this golden age:
The wonderful earlier books were written when there was a more prevailing Judeo-Christian ethic in the country. This affected literature—even if the author was not a professing Christian—in a profound way, because it sees the human as a spiritual being, and the author thus writes to a more important part of the reader. He was trying to stir up, as C.S. Lewis, said “something noble in the heart of the reader.”
Hours upon hours have been spent buying books, shelving books, repairing books, recommending books, assembling bookcases, icing sore backs. Our family believes the benefits are worth the sacrifice.
But couldn't we still minister more to families if we offered our library for free? Honestly, the fact is, we really only value what we personally invest in. The patrons who come through my doors receive so much more than wonderful books for their children to read. They enjoy Christian fellowship and friendship for themselves and their children, a librarian who has first-hand knowledge of who their children are as persons and what interests them, support, and recommendations for life-changing books. Not only are my patrons being ministered to, I am as well. I love hearing the edifying conversations among patrons on library day. I love to see children scattered over the floor with a book or discussing the best parts of their current favorite. I love it when they burst through the door and say, "Mrs. Pack, this was the best book I've ever read!" And as I watch Godly friendships blossoming and young lives being formed through living books, I am ministered to. And I pray our nation and our world will be ministered to as these children rise up and proclaim the truth of God to a lost world.
We love having you and your library near us! Public libraries can't even come close to the treasures you provide for our families to read. Thank you for sharing your library with us; we look forward to many years of reading and fellowship there.
Love this so much and agree wholeheartedly. We have longed to have a library like yours...someday...in the meantime, we are blessed to live in a state that recognizes that homeschoolers are already paying taxes for education, and we receive reimbursement for (most of) our expenses. Thanks so much for paving the way for future private libraries - we will need your experience. :)
Thank you for stopping by! I'm thrilled to hear of other possible future libraries! The need is very great. May I invite you to join the yahoo group for just such libraries? Just search homeschoollibrary. Hope to see you there!
I just found your site and love what you are doing with your private library. I'm in a remote area in Texas and I have been building my own library (homeschooling for over 20 years) and so want to share it with others. Some day I may do what you are doing!
I have a blog that takes homeschool famlies on Reading Voyages using many of the books that you have in your library! https://readingvoyages.blogspot.com/
Thank you for stopping by and sharing your blog, Linda! I look forward to perusing it. If you decide to open a library, let me know. I can point you to some helpful resources.
If you have questions regarding library membership, using living books in your homeschool or starting your own library, we'd love to hear from you. Contact us at:
Christmas?!? But it's only September!! Yes, but time goes so fast. Christmas is three months from today so I thought it would be grea...
Of all the questions/comments I get regarding my library, these are the most common... "Why should I pay you to use your books when I...
Probably one of the most popular sections in my library is the homesteading section. As more and more folks look to be more self-sufficient...
"I would be most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think deecorating consists mostly of building enough ...
If you read my last article , you were cautioned about allowing book lists to paralyze you into feeling chained to particular literary recom...
One of the greatest contributions to children's literature in the 20th century has been numerous history series. Biographies, memoirs, ...
When we moved into our current home several years ago, I was very unhappy. It was a nice house on a lovely piece of property with a one-acr...
All content is copyright Children's Legacy Library. 2012-2016. All rights reserved. Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
Tags: moms and babies yoga - Child Directory of kids products and child services in South Africa - Child Web SA
A gentle, regular yoga practice during pregnancy has many benefits and can significantly reduce all of the potential pregnancy related problems: A gentle way of maintaining or gaining fitness. Excellent for toning the pelvic region, opening the hips, and strengthening the back. Increases flexibility Increases muscular strength and stamina. Increases coordination and balance. A form of relaxation. Through the relaxation of the body and mind it allows for pain management. Deepens respiration Improves circulation . Relieves tension in the upper back, neck and shoulders. Allows a ...
Matthew 17:5 - "While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him."
Childweb.co.za is a directory of infant, baby and child related services and products in South Africa. Child Web SA , www.childweb.co.za baby, child, parenting portal is designed as a information directory only. Child Web SA does not in any way endorse or recommend any of the products, services or individuals found on www.childweb.co.za, and can not and will not be held responsible or liable in any way for products or services offered by a person, organisation, service or products listed on www.childweb.co.za. A doctor or healthcare professional should always be consulted regarding health, safety of product/service related concerns for your family. Please read and understand our Terms and Conditions for using this internet website. Should you not agree to any of the above, please leave immediately as you are bound by the Terms and Conditions of www.childweb.co.za by accessing anything on the www.childweb.co.za domain.
The fascinating digital photography below, is section of Choose the Right Duron Paint Color article which is categorized within Paint Color, Duron has the essential colors, highlights, right color and posted at June 29th, 2016 18:31:07 PM by Administrator.
If you expect for a good paint, you need to consider about the branded one. The branded paint is not just famous and has the good name. It also has the better quality and guarantee. Talking about the quality paint, Duron can be the good candidate. This paint is good. The color is also impressive and looks clear. Beside it, this paint is durable enough. It means the home will be beautiful for a longer time.
To give the specific necessity, Duron offers the varied color. For the category itself, Duron has the essential colors, highlights, fundamentally neutral, energetic bright, interior preservation, exterior preservation and the other color options. The color is so varied. For this, people can find the most appropriate color. In choosing duron paint colors people need to understand it. They need to decide the concept. When people sure enough, they can start to find the right color on the official site.
Find the right color can be so problematic. With the great collection, find the right color will be so challenging. If you have the same problem, you can contact Duron. In here, you will be guided to find the right color. If you sure with the choice, you can order it or buy it in the local dealer.
Here is wanted clue on exterior preservation. We have the greatest method for exterior preservation. Check it out for yourself! You can gather Duron Paint Color Wheel guide and view the latest Choose the Right Duron Paint Color in here.
Bored of your old bathroom? It’s time to think about a makeover. But before you do that, carefully check your budget. Bathroom remodeling is not cheap, so you’ll have to be careful about it. Fortunately, there are many great bathroom remodel ideas for homeowners on a low budget. These ideas can help you remodel your bathroom without breaking the bank. […]
If right now you are thinking about improving the look of your home exterior design but you do not really want to do a kind of big remodeling ideas, adding Exterior Wood Shutters can be a great and quite simple idea for you to try. If you do not really know about these, these are in fact shutters which are […]
Purchasing computer desk chair is not difficult. There are many models and designs available to choose based on your need and expectation. However, in order to be able to get the best desk chair which can support your daily basis, you may need to consider the followings. The Comfort What people always look for at a desk chair is the […]
Ingredients 3 tablespoons olive oil 3 tablespoons unsalted butter 6 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped 3/4 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined 1/3 cup dry white wine 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon black pepper 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley 3/4 pound angel hair pasta Directions Heat 2 tablespoons of the […]
Are you a foodie? Do you have great recipes to share? Are you interested in testing and writing product reviews? If so, we'd like to hear from you. Writing for Culinary Reviwed is a great way to get your name out and show your love for the culinary arts.
We strive to be the best culinary website on the world wide web, so if you have suggestions or feedback on how we can improve our site, please let us know!
6· Perhaps the best known picnic game is cornhole, where teams compete to toss beanbags through holes in plywood boards. Despite its ubiquity, however, cornhole turns out to be one of the more difficult projects on this
This bean bag toss game is fun and easy for the whole family. Building a set is a fairly easy woodworking project, and since it's made from exterior wood, it (2) 24" x 48" pieces of 1/2" pressure treated plywood for the
How to Build a Cornhole Toss Set Learn how to build a cornhole board set out of 24s and a little plywood. DIY Petes video and plans walk you through the entire building process. You can download the plans here.
6· Learn how to build a playground out of recycled tires with Paul Hogan's list of creative tire ideas including a tire swing, tire tunnel, and tire sandbox.
Why do Kenmore front load washers fail shortly after their warranty expires? A rusted drum support, a drum screw cutting through plastic tub, etc. This excellent video clip, courtesy of a youtube user tanksalotct, shows how and why
KitGuy WELCOMES YOU TO THE BEST KITS & PLANS. We're the folks who help you tool up for any kind of do it yourself project. Find every kind of kit imaginable and pocket all kinds of savings! KitGuy also links you to all kinds
Octorber 31, 2016 Consider this the alpha build of Claw Machine Version 4. In summary I've cut the parts list by half and the build cost by half. It also looks more like a calw machine proportion wise. The frame and body is all wood and
9· Stereolithography (SL or SLA from Stereolithography Apparatus) is an additive manufacturing process using a vat of liquid UV curable photopolymer "resin" and a UV laser to build parts one layer at a time. On each layer
Build a powerful, secure ecommerce storefront with our Online Store Software. Sell, promote, and grow with the 1ShoppingCart Online Store Builder. Impressive Website > You can have a great website and sell anything, from
4· Music is essential at a wedding, especially at the reception. But some songs are just way too clicheor ear ravagingand people are tired of hearing them. These are those songs.
Bean bag toss (or cornhole depending on where you live) is an outdoor game that anyone of any age and athletic ability can play. These games can also be easily transported to the park, beach or your friends backyard.
Here are the sections you will find: Section 1: What I'll be discussing in this how to essay Section 2: Understand who or what you're hiding from Section 3: Throw away yourself and build a new you Section 4: Keep from depositing
If you live on a lake or near a body of water then this DIY Floating Dock can be very useful. It involves 4 empty barrels, wood and some rope to build it. It should cost you under $200 dollars and take about 3 hours to construct yourself.
1· Unplug: Electronics with external power supplies or power bricks: Laptops, video game consoles, stereos, smartphone chargers, and other similar devices constantly draw power into their power supplies. Unplug all of
0· The Toes to Bar This is ultimately a gymnastic move. If you've ever seen a great gymnast then you've seen some really ripped abs. When I do the Toes to Bar I really try to keep my legs as straight as possible and I try to
Looking to build your own Adirondack chair? View an easy Step by Step guide and download Adirondack chair plans from BLACK+DECKER. The legs form the sides of the box frame, which supports the seat slats. Where the text
An Xbox or Playstation is a genuine gaming machine and the incredibly immersive experience you get from playing a console game can not be matched by a PC. Why buy a new gaming console? There are plenty of reasons why you
I recently had custom precision rifle built by Surgeon Rifles to use for tactical/practical rifle competitions. Those competitions typically include shots from 300 to 1,000 yards. As I walked through SHOT Show this year, I was on a hunt
Pictures of amazing things that were made with PVC pipe. PVC pipe is a very cheap item to purchase at your local home improvement store. There are many things you can build using PVC pipe. To make things from PVC
Add new layer of intelligence to your investment decisions Publication of the Mining Journal World Risk Report (feat.MineHutte ratings) is the culmination Sirius Minerals (LN:SXX) has burnished its global credibility with an offtake
See what people who trade and hold SIRIUS MINERALS (SXX) think is important. Join the debate. " So they have already fulfilled the minimum 7.5mtpa.." Ah. No Divmad. I was thinking with that modeling on the merit of debt vs
January 2015 Baloyi v Commission for Conciliation, Mediation And Arbitration and Others (JR 2634/13) [2015] ZALCJHB 20 (3 January 2015) Jofile v South African Local Government Bargaining Council And Others (JR1578/12) [2015
Mineral Deposits MDL's (ASX Code MDL) current business is focused in Senegal, west Africa with a producing gold mine at the Sabodala Gold Project and the development of a mining operation at the Grande Côte Zircon & Ilmenite
Mosman is a suburb on the Lower North Shore of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Mosman is located 8 kilometres north east of the Sydney central business district and is the administrative centre for the local
Cameron started his professional career as a mechanical engineer with Fluor Daniel. He had numerous roles over a four year period that included designing, building and operating mines. Projects worked on include the Murrin Murrin
0· We should find out soon enough what they are. Plus the result of the data analysis from John Gould as well. His bio seems interesting: £More recently, John has focused on revitalising historical mines and resources
Australia's (Australasia's) comprehensive mining industry site covering exploration through to mining, processing and transport including company news and profiles, government organisations, consultants, contractors, financiers and
PREFACE. THE attainment by the colony of the Centennial period of its existence, appeared to the Government of New South Wales an appropriate occasion for the preparation, at the public cost, of a comprehensive history
2· The incredible discovery was made in South Africa, around 150 km west of port Maputo. There, we find the remains of a huge metropolis that measures, according to tests, around 1500 square kilometers. This ancient
Squadron Resources was formed as an initiative to develop the next generation of world class natural resources projects across Australia. Squadron has a long term counter cyclical strategy, investing in or acquiring undervalued and
Tullow Oil plc is a multinational oil and gas exploration company founded in Tullow, Ireland with its headquarters in London, United Kingdom. It has interests in over 150 licenses across 25 countries with 67 producing fields and in 2012
Komatsu applies IIoT analytics solution Komatsu has implemented a cloud based IIoT analytics platform from Cloudera Seequent launches Leapfrog EDGE Seequent has launched the mineral resource
The number of entities listed on the ASX is extremely dynamic. Theres typically about 2,400 stocks listed on the ASX at any one time. Downloadable Excel Spreadsheet of all ASX Listed Companies click here. (Updated each night
Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real time alerts, and more! Join Today With investors opting for turkey over deals Thanksgiving week was slow for the IPO market 160
THE HISTORY of NEW SOUTH WALES including BOTANY BAY, Port Jackson, Parramatta, Sydney, and all its DEPENDANCIES, from the Original Discovery of the Island; with the Customs and Manners of the Natives; and an
The Anunnaki Zecharia Sitchin claims to have translated Sumerian tablets referring to an alien race which created a race of humans to work as slaves in their mines in Africa. This race is called the Anunnaki and Sitchin claims that
The Anunnaki like to develop slave races for specific purposes, creating them out of lower animal forms. In the case of their Earth creations, they used simians to create a slave race to work the mines in what is now known as Africa.
Australian 20th Century Timeline The Australian 20th century timeline follows events and developments in Australia from Federation through to the year 2000. This collection of events provides another means of investigating Australia
The Secret of the Ankh is a pathway into the Mystery Systems. The Secret of the Ankh leads to the what is called called the God Particle or what is alled the Higgs Particle but told in mythos by the Ancient People of the Nile. The
Inadequate drainage is the most common cause of road and airfield failure. Therefore, drainage is a vital consideration in planning, designing, and building military roads and airfields. It is important during both construction and use.
Hello all. With a few weeks left until the end of year examinations, you will find a bank of revision resources here that will help you to prepare for the big one! You will find the following items to help you on this page: 1. Knowing your
The long profile and changing cross profile of a river and its valley. Fluvial processes: erosion hydraulic action, abrasion, attrition, solution, vertical and lateral erosion transportation traction, saltation, suspension and solution 2
An earthquake (also known as a quake, tremor or temblor) is the shaking of the surface of the Earth, resulting from the sudden release of energy in the Earth's lithosphere that creates seismic waves. Earthquakes can range in size
New and used machinery for flat panel and solid wood processing. Lines include Stiles, Altendorf, Homag, Powermatic, and Jenkins.
Suffice it to say that sieve data were insufficient to describe the fineness of cement as it relates to cement strength. In the case of rawmix or fuel grinding, the production of excessively fine material is detrimental, and sieve analyses
This kiln torque is proportional to the current of a DC drive and proportional to the quotient kiln powerkiln speed in case of an AC drive or a hydraulic drive. A changing coating situation in the burning zone strongly influences the
CHAPTER 1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 PROLOGUE One of the main factors, which contributed to green revolution in the country during the post independence period was water resources projects, both for hydro power and
Chapter 77Chemical Processing CHEMICAL INDUSTRY L. De Boer* *Adapted from 3rd edition, Encyclopaedia of Occupational Health and Safety. The business of the chemical industry is to change the chemical structure of
Chennai Port, formerly known as Madras Port, is the second largest container port of India, behind the Nhava Sheva Port, and the largest port in the Bay of Bengal. It is the third oldest port among the 13 major ports of India with official
Nautical & Sailing Terms & Nomenclature In Honor of Doyle and ia McClain of the sailing vessels Eric and Reverie Who guided their ships through the Caribbean And their son through Life One of the most exhaustive and easily
A PhD candidate may develop their own research project in collaboration with their supervisor or apply for one of our available PhD projects. The following Type Living allowance Value & Duration This scholarship provides $26
Factory direct supply stainless steel mixing tank/food mixer/mixer food machine with price we are miixng tank manufacture, mainly produce 200L storage tank to 5000L mixing tank Specifications of mixer food machine with price
Alibaba offers 1,450 ore agitation tank products. About 44% of these are mixing equipment, 1% are chemical storage equipment, and 1% are water treatment. A wide variety of ore agitation tank options are available to you, such
Ideadiez com is and in to a was not you i of it the be he his but for are this that by on at they with which she or from had we will have an what been one if would who has her More + Powder Show Exhibitor HighlightsDesign Powder
Powder Show Exhibitor HighlightsPowder Show Exhibitor Highlights Visit these featured exhibitors at International Powder & Bulk Solids, May 8 10, in Rosemont, IL More + InPlay from Briefing comYahoo Finance 9:09 am I D
InPlay from Briefing comYahoo Finance 9:09 am I D Systems acquires Keytroller, a manufacturer and marketer of electronic products for managing forklifts, construction vehicles, and other industrial More + Ideadiez com is and in
Stainless steel tank, Stainless steel tank direct from Stainless steel tank from Zhejiang L with SGS certification factory supply Stainless Steel Milk 1 Set Stainless Steel Powder Rotary Food Drum Mixer Sunbeam Australia
*Manufacturers names, registered or non registered trade names, and OEM part numbers are used for identification purposes only. Factory Direct Supply does not represent that these parts are made by the original manufacturer
Tank Mixers & Agitators by Tank TypeSize TANK MIXERS & AGITATORS DESIGNED FOR YOUR PROCESS & TANK Dynamix Agitators has taken its understanding of industrial tank mixers and agitators and applied it throughout
We supply Mining Agitation Tank also is used for mixing pulp wholesale Mining Mineral Mixing Agitation Leaching Tank For Ore Beneficiation Plant Brief More + The Economics of the Search Minerals Direct The Economics of the
A retailer of new, used, and reconditioned/refurbished computer hardware. Offers a wide range of discounted computers, notebooks, monitors, scanners, printers, and accessories from locations in Toronto, Scarborough and Brampton.
A Once The Tank Factory has confirmed receipt of your order we are committed to ensure that your Duraplas tank is delivered to your property within 4 weeks*. Longer Lead Times may occur for premium colours, special orders or
Watch Our Video AboutFAQContact The Tank Factory has the perfect rain water tank for your home or business. Order factory direct and save! Browse our comprehensive tank range, with well over 1,000 sizes, styles and
Tarsco Bolted Tank supplies a range of Factory Mutual (FM) approved tanks in addition to a selection of varied sizes that comply with NFPA 22 requirements. Our modular bolted design makes it possible for swift and easy
football free images at clker com vector clip art free clip art football tailgate free clipart football player
mean football player clipart 101 clip art free clip art football shape free clip art football tailgate
INTRODUCTION: Technical Service Bulletin June 25, 2009 Title: M.I.L. "ON" DTC P0AC0, P0AF, P0A7F, AND/OR P0AFA Models: 04-09 Prius Some vehicles may exhibit a M.I.L. ON condition with one or more of the
Pediatric Exam Table Installation Applies to Models: 640 Language of origin: English Step 1: Remove table from skid. A) Remove three shipping bolts. B) Remove four foam shipping blocks from corners under
ENGLISH This page lists the contents included in the box. Please take time to identify the hardware as well as the individual components of the product. As you unpack and prepare for assembly, place the
Charming white wash dining room set including collection pictures table c dbc are perfect with white wash dining room set chuck nicklin dennis inspirations and fabulous pictures table diy chairs whitewash bench. Here are several points and may still be an excellent selection.
Milos Raonic suffers shock defeat at U.S. Open, falling to U.S.’s Ryan Harrison in second round - Fort McMurray\\\'s source for news and events
Ft McMurray's HomepageSportsMilos Raonic suffers shock defeat at U.S. Open, falling to U.S.’s Ryan Harrison in second round
Milos Raonic is heading home after only two rounds of the U.S. Open, dropping a 6-7 (4), 7-5, 7-5, 6-1 decision to American Ryan Harrison.
Raonic is ranked No. 6 in the world and was seeded fifth here, while the unseeded Harrison is ranked No. 120.
But this isn’t the first time Raonic has lost to Harrison. They had met twice before and split those matches. Harrison beat Raonic 7-6 (1), 4-6, 6-4 five years ago in Indian Wells, while Raonic won 7-6 (4), 6-2 four years ago in San Jose.
Raonic made history at Wimbledon last month by becoming the first Canadian man ever to advance to a Grand Slam final, before losing to Andy Murray. Raonic — and Canadian tennis fans — were hoping he could take the next step big step here at the U.S. Open.
Raonic was tested immediately by Harrison, who took the Canadian to a tiebreaker in the first set. But Raonic settled down and won the tiebreaker quite easily, 7-4.
Raonic fell behind 5-2 in the second set before fighting back to tie it 5-5, but lost the next two games. His problems really started in the third set, when Raonic called for a medical timeout to have a trainer work on his left wrist.
A trainer came out again later in the set, this time to work on Raonic’s left leg, which seemed to be cramping. The Canadian was noticeably limping in the fourth set, which turned out to be his final one at this year’s U.S. Open. It was no contest as he went down 6-1.
British Columbia’s Vasek Pospisil was also eliminated Wednesday, after a 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-4 loss in the second round to 23rd-seed Kevin Anderson of South Africa.
Pospisil started the match with a break in the first game, but Anderson recovered with a break in the next game and won a back-and-forth first set in a tiebreaker.
Pospisil struggled in singles play at Grand Slam events this year, with his only victory at a major coming Monday, when he defeated Jozef Kovalik 6-1, 6-3, 6-3 in the first round.
CPC Delivers $2.34 Million for Acquisition of Two Apartment Buildings in Philadelphia - Community Preservation Corporation
The Community Preservation Corporation (CPC), a leading nonprofit affordable housing and community revitalization finance company, recently announced the closing of two permanent loans under the Freddie Mac Small Balance Loan (SBL) Program. The loans, totaling $2.34 million were used for the acquisition of two small multifamily buildings in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
CPC delivered a $1.37 million permanent loan with Haverford Square Properties LLC for the 3-story, 18-unit residential building at 3838-3842 Haverford Ave in Philadelphia. CPC also closed a $969,000 permanent loan with the same borrower for the 3-story, 12-unit building at 3856-3860 Haverford Ave., also located in Philadelphia.
“For a company that specializes in small building finance, Freddie Mac’s SBL plays a big role in our suite of lending products,” said Michael Staton, Vice President & Mortgage Officer at CPC. “Not only does it offer the flexible terms that our borrowers are looking for, but in an environment of rising interest rates, SBL is extremely competitive.”
“These transactions are right in our sweet spot—and we’re thrilled to be bringing more workforce housing to major markets like Philadelphia,” said Stephen Johnson, Freddie Mac vice president, small balance loan business. “Our Small Business Loan program continues to accelerate – offering unique financing solutions to lenders like CPC who play a vital role in keeping housing available – and more importantly – affordable.”
CPC is focused on its core mission of addressing the gap in the market for flexible lending products for small multifamily buildings—a segment of the housing stock that plays a critical role in providing housing for low- and moderate-income families. Freddie Mac’s SBL program is designed to address the need for cost-effective financing solutions for the acquisition and refinancing of small multifamily buildings and offers a streamlined process for permanent loans between $1 million and $7.5 million.
The SBL product can be used for the acquisition and refinancing of properties with five or more units that may have tax abatements and Section 8 housing choice vouchers, senior housing without services, extended-use agreements for properties that are no-longer in the investor compliance period for Low-Income Housing Tax Credit properties, and properties with space for commercial use.
CPC is dedicated to bringing stable permanent lending capital to multifamily projects in underserved and growing communities throughout the Mid-Atlantic region. Whether providing Conventional Financing products or capital to address the needs of small buildings through the SBL program, the decades-long partnership between CPC and Freddie Mac offers borrowers reliable loan products tailored to multifamily developments of all sizes. Though Fiscal Year 2018, CPC has originated more than $436 million in Freddie Mac multifamily loans.
Established in 1974, CPC is a nonprofit affordable housing and community revitalization finance company that believes housing is central to transforming underserved neighborhoods into thriving and vibrant communities. The company provides a full suite of capital products through its construction lending, permanent lending, and equity investing platforms. Since inception, CPC has leveraged approximately $10 billion in private and public investment to finance more than 185,000 units of multifamily housing. CPC’s work with its partners has helped revitalize countless neighborhoods and provided quality housing for families, senior citizens, and individuals with disabilities. Visit CPC at communityp.com, and on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.
Marc and Lyall have asked me to repost here about my inappropriate use of their wonderful table lamp. Yes, I confess, it became a soundtrack.
Recently two of my troublingly diverse interests conspired to create a soundtrack for the production Door which will play at the Grahamstown National Arts Festival this year.
Earlier this year, I was wandering around Cape Town's Cape Design Indaba, after running a workshop. I found myself drawn to a project display which attracted me due to its 'work in progress' nature. I love prototypes, they smell of pure idea and this one positively reeked :)
Run by two young industrial design graduates who call themselves ThingKing, their stand offered a kit table lamp fabricated as simply as possible - a metal flat bar, elegantly bent and cut. A bulb socket, light bulb and piece of A4 paper completed the construction. On sale for a donation (to a worthy charity) and on display as a stimulus to conversation about efficient design, I couldn't resist (especially the conversation) and I took one home to assemble for use on my work bench.
And as a lamp it's been very useful. But little did I know that this useful object would become the catalyst for a sound track.
The Bracket is made from punched 2mm mild steel sheet. The hole was threaded and a large bolt inserted to enable fastening. The Bracket comes without the bulb and fitting pictured. There are 3 different finishes: raw finish, zinc plated with clear passivation and zinc plated with yellow passivation.
We produced a batch of lights that are more like brackets. They are not not very valuable. These brackets are part of the process of making lights. Much of this process is realised by the person that does the making and in this sense, it is interesting for people to document what they have done.
Lyall & Marc run Thingking, a designer-maker consultancy. We work in things and ideas of expression and problem solving. Our aim is to create work that increasingly reflects a deeper sense of place and understanding.
Aishwarya Rai Daughter Birthday Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Barney Ready Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cake Makers Reading Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hot Cake Mix Cupcake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Pokemon Sheet Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ryan Gieger runs after Scott Grahmm in the 24 Hour Mountain Bike Nationals in Colorado Springs, Colorado
The relationship between four female temps all working for the same credit company is threatened with the arrival of a new hire, who lands a permanent position one of the women was vying for.
The Grinch and his loyal dog, Max, live a solitary existence inside a cave on Mount Crumpet. His main source of aggravation comes during Christmast... read more
On the eve of D-Day, American paratroopers drop behind enemy lines to penetrate the walls of a fortified church and destroy a radio transmitter. As... read more
Fired from the National Security Agency, Frans Balder recruits hacker Lisbeth Salander to steal FireWall, a computer program that can access codes ... read more
Jared Eamons, the son of a small-town Baptist pastor, must overcome the fallout after being outed as gay to his parents. His father and mother stru... read more
After being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce is forced into exile by the English and leads a band of outlaws to help hi... read more
A closeted woman brings her girlfriend home for Thanksgiving, only to have her coming-out efforts thwarted by the unexpected arrival of her male ro... read more
Two couples in suburban Dublin appear to live in marital bliss until an altercation between one of the couples occurs, which leads to cracks appear... read more
During a summer in Los Angeles, long-term couple Owen and Hallie may be breaking up. And just as their relationship reaches a turning point, Matt a... read more
Priyanka Chopra left her fashionable avatar behind to take on a deglam role in Kaminey and dance around in a nine yard Maharashtrian-styled sari, called the navaari. The pretty actress talks to Patcy N about the film, and her chemistry with co-star Shahid Kapoor.
I think this is an exciting time because people are ready to see different kinds of films. Besides, Kaminey is a very entertaining film. No one is straight in the film -- everyone has grey shades. And to get anything, you have to take a U turn in life. You will be surprised throughout the film.
I play a college girl of 23 years of age. She is very busy, and does not have time to take care of her looks and apply make up. Her only aim in life is to bunk her lectures and visit her boyfriend's college or stay in his hotel, and eventually marry him.
We are very similar, and different too. We are both outspoken and fun loving. Her eyes are full of innocence and honesty. She cannot hide something that is wrong. She is very good at heart. These are my qualities as well.
The difference is that we're from different cultural backgrounds. I hope all my Maharashtrian friends and fans like my portrayal of a Marathi girl. It was a big challenge for me.
I think after Vishalji, I am the biggest Kamina! But if we categorise, many more will join the band.
Most of my scenes are with Guddu, not with Charlie so I did not have to face both characters together except for one scene. That was very difficult so I can imagine what Shahid must have gone through portraying two different characters.
I have always taken up my social responsibilities. If I get a role which will have something to offer to me as an actor as well, I will surely take it up.
Hotel St. Moritz that belongs to the hotel chain HCC Hoteles, is located in one of the most classic buildings inthe center of Barcelona, and it was built in 1.883. It has beenawarded as Edificio Histórico by the Oficial Secretary of Turism(Tourspain). It was rehabilitated as a hotel in 1990. It offers aswell a private parking which has a direct access to the hotel.
Letter from Alexander Taylor, concerning the case of James Orr, writer, and brother of William. He is suffering pain in the side, and has had ulceration of the tongue and throat: 'I am much afraid that his liver is affected; but there has been no appearance of Jaundice' . Given lack of address and annotation, possibly originally enclosed with Docs ID 2166 and 2167?]
Summary Letter from Alexander Taylor, concerning the case of James Orr, writer, and brother of William. He is suffering pain in the side, and has had ulceration of the tongue and throat: 'I am much afraid that his liver is affected; but there has been no appearance of Jaundice' . Given lack of address and annotation, possibly originally enclosed with Docs ID 2166 and 2167?]
Case of James Orr who has a venereal infection in 1778, but by 1782 has abdominal complaints and various bodily pains which Cullen eventually attributes to a disordered liver.
Please note that the Cullen Project team have now disbanded but your comments will be logged in our system and we will look at them one day...
Alibaba offers 13,601 gold shaking table products. About 90% of these are mineral separator, 1% are coffee tables, and 1% are outdoor tables. A wide variety of gold shaking table options are available to you, such as gravity
About product and suppliers: Alibaba offers 18,558 shaking table manufacturer products. About 79% of these are mineral separator, 1% are coffee tables, and 1% are dining tables. A wide variety of shaking table manufacturer
Gold Mining Equipment AdsGumtree Find gold mining equipment Postings in South Africa! Mobile gold plant, Jaw crusher, Shaking table, water tank, 20HP gold washing machine manufacturers in china sales Shaking
Beneficiation of Low Grade Phosphate Deposits by aMDPI Jun 25, 2015 and shaking table for concentrating the low grade phosphate ore, the results . purpose, a representative sample was fed into the jaw crusher and the ..
Wifely concentrate shaker table for gold concentration,complete details about Wifely concentrate shaker table for gold concentration provided by Jiangxi Shicheng Mine Machinery Factory. You may also find other latest Wifely
This mobile gold wash plant is popular in Africa, Asia, South America due to its easy to move and easy operation, low cost. It has been widely used for alluvial gold, placer gold, tantalite, niobite, and tin ore concentration. 1. High
Oil Water Separators Compressed Air Get an oil water separator from Grainger that can extend your air compressors life by helping separate the oil from water vapor condensate Shop today! Oil Water Separator, Condensate
Iron is a trace mineral needed to make hemoglobin, the protein needed to carry oxygen throughout the body. Hemoglobin gives red blood cells their color, and stores most of the bodys iron supply. Iron is also stored in muscle tissue
Nutrition in pregnancy: mineral and vitamin supplements1, 2, 3 Oladapo A Ladipo but the underlying basis and rationale for changing from supplementation with iron and folate to supplementation with multiple
4· Other minerals like chromium, copper, iodine, iron, selenium, and zinc are called trace minerals because you only need very small amounts of them each day. What Do Vitamins and Minerals Do? Vitamins and minerals boost the
Mineral water is water from a mineral spring that contains various minerals, such as salts and sulfur compounds. Mineral water may be effervescent or "sparkling" due to contained gases. Traditionally, mineral waters were used or
HomeArticles, Conditions & Treatments, Nutrition, SupplementsVitamins, Minerals, and Symptoms of Deficiency Previous Next View Larger Image Vitamins, Minerals, and Symptoms of Deficiency A nutrient is a catch all
4· Vitamins and Minerals Are You Getting What You Need? Vitamins and minerals are essential nutrients because they perform hundreds of roles in the body. There is a fine line between getting enough of these nutrients (which is
Water Soluble Vitamins are not stored in the body and should therefore be consumed daily. Thiamine Vitamin B1 Men: 0.8 1.3 mg Women: 0.8 mg Sunflower Seeds, Pork, whole and enriched Grains, dried Beans., kelp, dates
Mineral and Vitamin Nutrition for Beef Cattle 06 September 2008 By Dr. Jane Parish, Associate Extension/Research Professor; and Dr. Justin Rhinehart, Assistant Extension Professor; Animal and Dairy Sciences. Mississippi
Think you can get your daily dose of minerals from a glass of water? Think again. While drinking water has many benefits, you'll get a lot more beneficial minerals from a healthy diet of grains and vegetables.
3· Iron Iron is important in making red blood cells, which carry oxygen around the body. A lack of iron can lead to iron deficiency anaemia. Good sources of iron Good sources of iron include: liver (but avoid this during
Vitamin and Mineral Table What foods? How does it help? Vitamin/Mineral Found in RDA a What it does Vitamin A (Retinol or Beta carotene) Liver, egg yolk, dairy products, margarine. Beta carotene (pro vitamin A) is found in dark
0· Where to get it: There are two forms of dietary iron: heme iron (found in animal foods such as red meat, fish, and poultry) and nonheme iron (found in plant sources like lentils and beans). Chicken liver contains the most heme iron
There are seven main classes of nutrients that the body needs. These are carbohydrates, proteins, fats, vitamins, minerals, fiber and water. It is important to consume these seven nutrients on a daily basis to build and maintain
8· There are five main categories of mineral deficiency: calcium, iron, magnesium, potassium, and zinc. Calcium deficiency Calcium is needed for strong bones and teeth. It also supports proper function of your blood
Vitamins can be either fat soluble or water soluble and some are synthesized in the body. Essential vitamins are to be supplemented in diet. Minerals are inorganic substances which function in a similar way and have to be
Minerals are important for your body to stay healthy. Your body uses minerals for many different jobs, including keeping your bones, muscles, heart, and brain working properly. Minerals are also important for making enzymes and
As many friends suggested, I tried contacting my political representatives. I had no luck with either my Congressman, Xavier Becerra, or Senator Barbara Boxer.
... It is up to the interviewing Consular officer to consider all the evidence and conclude whether or not the applicant has compelling social, economic and familial ties to leave the United States at the end of a temporary stay....
(emphasis added) Of course, that's our problem: the interviewer does not consider all the evidence! Everyone who does agrees that Victor should get a tourist visa, but that's only my friends and readers. Sigh.
Enter into an elegant living/dining room area ideal for holiday gatherings or quiet candlelight dinners. Next find the perfect spot for fall football or classic movies--a huge family room with gas fireplace that opens to a large eat in kitchen. Beautiful granite countertops and dark wood cabinets give a classic finish. Step outside and enjoy wooded views on the deck and an abundant back yard ready for grilling or playing. Need a space for quiet time? Head upstairs to the loft/media room. This flex space offers many uses including crafting, reading or tv viewing. When you are ready to relax, you will find a huge master bedroom complete with luxury bath--dual sinks, separate shower and soaking tub, plus a walk in closet. Three additional bedrooms and a shared bath complete the upper level.
The populate Health Benefits of Coconut Oil the Asia-Peaceable areas likewise mention to the cocoanut Tree as "The Tree Benefits of Coconut Oil Life". This is because pretty a great deal every set forth Health Benefits of Coconut Oil the found fundament be victimized. The yield is a really proficient source Health Benefits of Coconut Oil salubrious intellectual nourishment. The leaves rump be woven to frame walls or roofs. The Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree arse be slice into log. The early parts Health Benefits of Coconut Oil the Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree are functional as well in making various kinds Benefits of Coconut Oil crafts. The weewee deep down the fruit is in fact unfertile and whitethorn be exploited as ersatz for sterilised H2O.
Belike the most controversial matter concerning coconuts is the contend nigh coco palm anele Benefits of Coconut Oil. Recent reports, nonetheless, raise that Coconut Oil Benefits vegetable oil is really beneficial to your Health Benefits of Coconut Oil. Coconut Oil meat May serve stabilize the in effect as wellspring as immoral cholesterin inside the personify merely comparable unity examine in rats proves.
It's well-nigh considerably known that plant-based soaking fat is not serious for our systems. Concentrated fatten consists 90% Benefits of Coconut Oil oil colour from Cocos nucifera. This is the argue close to physicians idea that Coconut Oil Benefits tree embrocate has veto Health Benefits of Coconut Oil outcomes. The homo physical structure does non storage coco vegetable oil and this truly is authoritative to dig. Cocos nucifera oil colour is efficiently transformed into zip afterwards it travels to the liver. Owed to its penning Health Benefits of Coconut Oil Coconut Oil tree oil colour molecules, it is well humiliated dispirited by our bodies.
It has been driven to efficaciously diminish pain, discomfort and fever in mice. Nonetheless, no enquiry standardised to this was carried tabu on human being subjects. Inquiry workers butt for sure encourage explore this expanse for More explore.
Fillet fungus transmission ostensibly is something that embrocate derived from coconuts hindquarters effectively fulfil too, according to a search figure. In alignment with fluconazole, inunct from Coconut Oil was examined against Candida albicans. Napkin rash, barm transmission along with early associated diseases are brought on by this fungus. Fluconazole is discovered to be importantly less in force than this awful oil color we start out from Coconut Oil Benefits spell combating Candida albicans. To extinguish the Lapplander measure Health Benefits of Coconut Oil fungi, the researchers had to use Benefits of Coconut Oil goods and services double over the sum Benefits of Coconut Oil money Health Benefits of Coconut Oil fluconazole in equivalence with inunct from cocoa palm.
Bacteria, fungi and as well viruses are discovered to be susceptible to coconut meat inunct upright as the collection Health Benefits of Coconut Oil findings shows. Spell looking for for helpful Health Benefits of Coconut Oil remedies, you might privation to likewise include cocoanut inunct in your scope Benefits of Coconut Oil alternatives.
Losing weightiness is unity Thomas More expanse that this inunct fanny assist you with. Indeed, it's virtually utter plump and it mightiness be hard to sympathize how it could perhaps help in losing system Benefits of Coconut Oil weights. Do non blank out that this peculiar embrocate is very well digested by your physical structure and it crapper in essence accelerate the metabolous cognitive operation. When your rank Health Benefits of Coconut Oil metabolism accelerates, you burn down Thomas More calories. The consequence is, remarkably, burden red.
Cocoanut oil utterly warrants further read. What we perceive regarding the wellness advantages Benefits of Coconut Oil this awful oil colour is actually only when a bantam separate Benefits of Coconut Oil what we motivation to read. There's calm down oodles Benefits of Coconut Oil puzzle out to be through.
Mt. SAC women and men win close races; COS’ Alyssa Block outdistances competition for state title - CCCAA
FRESNO, Calif. - In two of the closest 1-2 team finishes in the history of California Community College Cross Country Championships, Mt. San Antonio College’s Mounties prevailed. The women outpointed Cuyamaca, 93-95, with Ventura a close third at 103. The Mt. SAC men got by defending champ Riverside, 60-65, with Los Angeles Harbor a distant third at 136 on a beautiful and clear Fall day at Fresno’s Woodward Park.
Ironically, Mt. SAC was involved in the last two closest races. RCC’s men outpointed the Mounties, 87-89, in 1994 and the women edged Los Angeles Mission, 82-83, in 1996.
This latest Mt. SAC women’s victory was the ninth in school history and the fifth for head coach Doug Todd. The Mounties balance showed as none of their runners were in the Top 14. They bundled the win as Maria Castello (19:07.0), 14th, and Teresa Castillo (19:11.5), 15th led the way. Olivia Valderrama (19:12.3), 18th; Rebecca Ruiz (19:14.6), 20th; and Hannah Batchelor (19:23.6), 24th, rounded out the team victory in the 41st CCCAA Women’s Championships.
In the men’s 54th CCCAA Championships, it was the second Mt. SAC team win in history and first for assistant coach Dan Ozan. “I’m just so proud of them. It was our mission from day one. I’m so excited,” he said.
Leading the Mounties was individual champ Manuel Fernandez (20:06.8) who was almost 16 seconds ahead of Glendale’s Raymond Lopez (20:22.3). The Mounties’ Anthony Alfaro (20:29.4) was third nosing out Riverside’s Ricardo Cardenas (20:30.8) and Enrique Villa (20:31.1) and Ventura’s Adam Cruz (20:31.7). From fourth to 14th place, the men were separated by only 11 seconds. Mt. SAC’s scoring was completed by Luis Huerta (20:44.1), 16th; Jose Melchor (20:53.5), 18th; and Hector Peralta (20:57.2), 22nd.
In the women’s race, College of the Sequoias’ Alyssa Block (17:43.0), last year’s runner-up and two-time NorCal champ, capped an undefeated season as she literally ran away from the competition by defeating SoCal champ Brenda Rosales (18:12.7) by almost 30 seconds. Rosales led third place finisher Sarah Hollis (18:25.5) of RCC by nearly 13 seconds. The other eleven All-Americans from 4th through 14th place were separated by 33 seconds.
Block was very pleased with her finish. “I felt fine in the last mile. In my last 800 meters, I got it done,” she said.
COS coach, Dave Bronzan was also delighted with her finish. “She ran a super last mile and was ready to go, if challenged,” he said.
Only Block and Glendale’s Angelica Salas (18:31.5), who finished fourth, were repeat All-Americans from 2016. David Frisbie (20:36.0) , 11th, of Las Positas was the only repeat men’s 2016 All-American. This speaks volumes for the freshmen talent who took big strides to success on a sunny, clear day in Fresno.
This morning, my ash-throated flycatcher was back. It was evidently looking for a fight, as it repeatedly attacked its reflection in a window. As I was watching it, a woodpecker flew up and did its rat-a-tat on the wooden wall below the flycatcher's window. I believe it must have been a ladder-backed woodpecker.
Animals were self-contained and people seemed to hold this against them—possibly because most of them had come to believe that animals should be like servants or children. Either they should work for men, suffer under a burden, or they should entertain them. He had strained against the wolf's aloofness himself, resenting the wolf for its insistence on distance. He had felt it almost as an insult, and inwardly he retaliated.
But then he was self-contained too: he had a private purpose, a trajectory, and no one had license to block it. It might be obscure even to him, but that obscurity was his own possession. The old wolf's unwillingness to be near him was fully forgiven by the light of day and in fact the joke was on him. Wariness was simply its way of life, having nothing to do with him. It had not been robbed of this quality, though it was caged and it was solitary: it retained its essence. It did not attempt to ingratiate itself. It did not have diplomacy.
...He had wanted the old wolf to come close to him, head down, softening. As though all wild animals could one day be tamed—as though this was an aspect of all of them, this one-day-tamable quality, and their wildness was nothing more than coyness or a mannerism. As though other animals should not only submit to people but behave like them, comport themselves with civility.
Privately, he thought, at the heart of it, you wanted animals to turn to you in welcome. It was a habit gained from expecting each other to do this, from expecting this of other people and only knowing people, not knowing anything beyond them. That was another kind of solitude, the kind where there was nothing all around but reflections.
And what about the endless differences of the animals, their strange bodies? Many legs, stripes, a fiery orangeness; curved teeth or tentacles, wings or scales or sky-blue eggs... Instead of looking at the wolf as an animal he never knew and never could, as with the sacred and the divine, he had fallen into the trap. He had wanted it to lick his hand and lope along beside him.
Feel knee deep in political…everything? Well, the very talented folks at Austin’s KC Strategies have produced another ‘not your typical political ad’ ad…and CHAD CROW was kind enough to share. Nice backstory…A neighbor of Gerald, the Austin TX candidate whose wife begged viewers to elect him to office, well, the neighbor knows the lady running for office out in California. Gerald and the candidate, Casey Lucius, talked, and Gerald recommended Chad’s crew to her. Nothing as good as a happy client helping get you more clients! Chad used much of the same in feel, font, music, but the spots can be stand-alone. Big fan here…Passing the effort along for ya’ll to enjoy. Well Dunne! KCStrategies!
The award winning creative team in San Antonio is searching for a Promotion Manager who will drive marketing efforts for our Fox and CW affiliates. Working with the CSD, you’ll lead your team through a variety of marketing opportunities – including brand building for strong local Fox newscasts and promoting local lifestyle programming. If you are into sports, we have a Thursday Night Lights football franchise and local college sports partnerships. News, Entertainment, Events and Sports…this job offers it all! Apply: http://sbgi.net/sbgi-careers
WGN America will carry the Chicago Cubs World Series Victory Parade today (if you read this on Friday Nov 4). 11 Eastern…10 Central…9 Mountain and 8am Pacific. What a nail biter great game that was. Both teams were awesome. Well Dunne! baseball.
Think About This: “Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.” ~ Voltaire
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006
The Chhabra family and I went to lovely Lake Elizabeth for a afternoon photoshoot in Fremont, CA. It was a great day there because it wasn’t too windy, too sunny or even too cloudy.
The entire family was a blast to work with and especially the two daughters of theirs. Such joy in the youth when we see them running around and playing.
Sections below provide additional information and links about Parkland Beach travel and tourism, maps, recreation, government and transportation.
Parkland Beach locator map. Use the navigation tools in the upper left to move the map center or to zoom in or out. You can also click and drag the map to move in any direction.
Great start to the new year. In morning visited Cheddar reservoir – found great northern diver after about 40 mins of searching – diving frequently. Also 3 goosander. On the way a merlin few high and fast over Cleeve. In late afternoon visted Westhay. 5 Bewick’s swans among mutes, 2 stonechats near car park. Heard chiffchaffs. At dusk watched thousands of starlings flying in to roost. Heard water rails, Cetti’s warblers and watched a hunting barn owl in front of the starlings. Finally, a bittern flew up briefly from the reed beds. On the first day of the year, saw 4 species that took until November last year! 46 species today.
Visit to Battery Point, Portishead at high tide revealed nothing but lots of fishermen. Quickly visited Hand Farm, Clevedon and saw 4 tree sparrows. Then to Channel View Farm, Kingston Seymour where I had quite good views of a short-eared owl.
Trip to Devon with Michael Pocock. Left Flax at 06.15h, in dark with snow falling outside. First stop was Prawle Point, where we arrived at 09.00h. The day was grey and drizzly, despite a forecast for good conditions. At Prawle we saw a little egret, shag, gannets, razorbills, but the highlights were large flocks of yellowhammers and about 20 cirl buntings, my second sighting in the UK.
Next stop was Slapton Ley, where birders were searching for a Penduline tit seen on each of the last two days. We stayed for 30 mins in the drizzle, but today was the only day over the last 3 and the next that it was not sighted. We saw several snipe, a ruddy duck, and a female common scoter offshore. (Late Jan – I’m now starting to wonder if it was a common scoter – a surf scoter was reported in the area soon after, and I’m sure this bird had 2 cheek patches!).
We then drove to Clennon Valley, next to Torbay leisure centre at Paignton. On the edge of football fields are some small ponds and scrub, where a dusky warbler has wintered. We saw some water rails, 3+ chiffchaffs, and had nice views of the DUSKY WARBLER, my first ever. The pictures below show the pale legs (left), and the strong supercillium and eye stripe (right). The bird was much more skulking than the chiffchaffs, and called frequently, a brief , sometimes repeated ‘chk’ It was sooty brown ,and lacked any hint of green seen in the chiffchaffs.
Next stop was Goodrington bay for some seawatching – we saw a black-throated diver, 3 red-throated divers, 20+ great crested grebes, 2 black-necked grebes and a guillemot.
Just before dusk we arrived at Bowling Green Marsh, Topsham, and saw little egret, spoonbill (below), brent geese, 2 red-breasted mergansers, black-tailed godwits and the glossy ibis.
A quick trip to the Somerset levels, late afternoon. Looked for firecrest at Ham Wall, but missed it by minutes. Then visited starling roost at Westhay with family and Wilsons, and saw many thousands of starlings landing close to the car park, filling trees and making the reed beds black.
Last blast for local birds before work. Great day – located several local rarities. Started at Chew, where 2 smew, including a splendid drake in Heron’s Green Bay. Also Egyptian goose at Herriot’s Pool. Next stop was Ashcott Corner on the levels, where 30-40 mins perseverance produced good views of 2 firecrests, my second sighting ever. Also here was an overhead peregrine, tree creeper, 3 redpoll, while over the road at Meare Heath I saw siskins, golden plover overhead, and 3 water pipits in flight. I then located an elusive whooper swan on Aller Moor (below), before moving to Catcott to enjoy masses of lapwings, wigeon and golden plover (below). Final stop was Westhay, and I was rewarded with finding the yellow-browed warbler in sallows near the shed hide at 15.15h, 4 brambling, many redpolls, a bittern over the reed bed, and a jack snipe in flight. Also thousands of starlings again, settling in a different area each night.
Drove to Rogerstone, Monmouthshire in morning looking for a waxwing that has been present for a week – not there today. Stopped at Severn Beach on return to see a black redstart (below), but drove past a northern grey shrike at Chittening Warth!
Quick visit to Chittening Wharf at lunchtime – eventually had distant views of the northern grey shrike in flight (3rd ever), but for most of the time it was skulking in scrub. Female blackcap in garden.
Battery Point, Portishead at lunchtime for high tide at 14.00h with Michael Pocock. Saw 3 roosting purple sandpipers, and heard a rock pipit.
Spent the afternoon in the hide at Catcott, enjoying the view in winter sunshine. Highlights were a female/ immature merlin, one ruff, ca. 30 black-tailed godwits and 2 stock doves.
Chew Valley lake in afternoon – several goosander and pintail, and water pipit digiscoped from Stratford hide, giving my best ever views.
Did RSPB garden bird watch: photographed some garden birds with new Nikkor 300mm f2.8 AF lens - amazing.
In the afternoon took the lens to Chew to photograph gulls at Heron’s Green Bay. Little about, except for the usual Egyptian goose. Below – top row black-headed gull, first winter. Below – common gulls – second winter and adult.
Early morning visit to Severn Beach – shore lark seen there yesterday. No luck today, but did see first green woodpecker of the year, and a water pipit. Took Dave Clarke to the Somerset Levels. He is now very ill, and indeed this was his last birdwatching trip - he died during the following week. At Catcott, saw a nice ringtail hen harrier, and a greylag goose. Five Bewick’s swans at Tealham Moor, possible merlin at Ham Wall, and a male merlin over the M5 near Clevedon on the way back. Male blackcap in garden for most of last week.
Took day off and went to Slimbridge – glorious sunny day after snow flurries yesterday. Given the run around by the geese – got to South Finger from Holden to be told that the Tundra Bean Goose was present, only for the geese to fly to Holden 3 minutes later! At Holden in the afternoon had good views of the tundra bean goose. Only a small amount of orange on the bill, and much more sculpted on the wing feathers compared with the white fronts. Head shape also very different – neck thick, and head bulbous.
Also took some flight shots of Canada geese, Bewick’s swans, wigeon, buzzard, and photos of teal and robin, and an Aytha hybrid..
In the late afternoon light, a splendid water rail showed in front of the open hide near the Holden tower.
Severn Beach in afternoon – expecting strong winds, but winds relatively weak and rain persistent. Saw 10+ turnstones, a black redstart, and a distant flock of gulls which were probably kittiwakes. Little at Avonmouth square pond except some shoveler, gadwall and a little grebe. When the rain stopped I visited Barrow no. 3 and watched gull roost, but saw nothing unusual. A few goldeneye here.
Two visits to Slimbridge – on Saturday took girls and saw little other than a nice great-spotted woodpecker on nuts at South Finger. On my own on Sunday – lots of good birds, but poor views: lots of golden plover and dunlin, tundra bean goose, 3 peregrine sightings, 12 ravens, hen harrier, short-eared owl. Went on a guided walk at 11.00h to find the LAPLAND BUNTING, which had been seen on every previous walk. Spent about an hour looking for it – just about to leave when someone spotted it – got rather poor views, but noted some features and distinctive silhouette. Landed briefly on ground where I briefly saw face pattern, but bird was very mobile and difficult to observe.
Chew Valley lake, afternoon. Few birders at Stratford, and water very calm – huge gull roost present. Found one adult Mediterranean gull, and one very dark lesser black-backed gull that showed characteristics of the Baltic gull L. fuscus fuscus. Bird had jet black wings and very small mirror on outermost primary only. Also an escaped bar-headed goose and a redhead smew present. Photographed winter male reed bunting and female goldeneye.
Trip to Florida for a meeting (Bats and Wind Energy Cooperative) about how to stop bats being killed by wind turbines. Stayed at Singer Island, south of Juno Beach on the Atlantic coast. Saw little for two days while in the meeting, except for roseate spoonbills from the road in MacArthur State Park, and a palm warbler in Juno Beach. A group of about 4 manatees (including a youngster) also swam up the canal here, along a built-up stretch of water. On Saturday 21st I walked from the hotel to the MacArthur State Park, then back along the ocean front. Took the photos below with a Coolpix 995 and Eagle-eye optic zoom. Saw a snake, mockingbird, many turkey vultures. Some very tame sanderling frequented the beach. Also saw a royal tern offshore, and some approachable white ibises.
American herring gull, worn first winter. How you could distinguish this from a European herring gull beats me.
Ring-billed gull, first winter. The plumage is now quite worn. Notice in the flight picture the dark band on the secondaries, with a grey panel in front of it. Legs are often pinkish.
Ring-billed gull, second winter. The bill and leg colours are not as vivid as in the adults. Legs are pale green.
Ring-billed gull, adult. The individual on the left is more in summer plumage, without head streaks. The tertial crescent is virtually absent on the left hand bird. In most individuals it is of the size in the second winter bird above.
Chew Valley Lake – afternoon. Generally very quiet, perhaps because many wildfowl scared away by recent ruddy duck cull. Saw very little, but when I arrived at Herriot’s Pool I was told about a KUMLIEN’S GULL at Nunnery point. I rushed over to see it – a fine adult. Back looked very pale, but faint grey crescents apparent on primary tips. My first sighting of this race, after missing it twice at Chew last winter. Also heard a raven. Maybe 3 blackcaps (one male) in garden this morning.
Forest of Dean in morning. New Fancy raptor viewpoint – about 10 sightings of 5-6 individual goshawks. Some birds in display flight, making undulating dives. Also sparrowhawk, raven, buzzards here. Brierley, opposite Esso garage- distant view of one hawfinch. Good views of two willow tits, my first for several years. Also a brambling amongst the chaffinches, and heard a nuthatch. A lady put seed down for the finches, and a sparrowhawk swooped down amongst them. Cannop Pond – Mandarins.
Chew Valley Lake in morning: relatively tame adult Mediterranean gull, Herriot’s Pool (came to bread). Same bird later at Heron’s Green Bay. Bittern flew into reed bed N of Herriot’s Bridge, and water rail feeding under feeder, Stratford. Also saw 3 jays, 3 reed buntings.
In morning drove to Portbury docks area to see the dusky warbler. Eventually found it flying towards me along the drainage ditch. It landed momentarily on a fence, then flew into the evergreen hedge next to a warehouse where it skulked for over an hour. A very difficult bird to observe, but called quite frequently.
Chew Valley Lake in morning – one first year little gull, also tufted x pochard ‘lesser scaup’ type hybrid, greylag goose, herring gull first-year with downcurved bill.
Barrow Gurney reservoir late afternoon – 2 shoveler, ca. 8 white wagtails, ca. 20 ruddy duck but no unusual gulls to roost. Wagtails were on drained reservoir no. 1, which could be good for waders in a few weeks.
Trip to Devon. First visited Dawlish Warren for high tide. Strong winds and heavy rain – only one other person in hide. Good numbers of waders – including ringed plover, dunlin (photo below), sanderling, knot (photo below), oystercatchers, grey plover, and bar-tailed godwits. Also about 50 brent geese still present, and 2 sandwich terns. Offshore in the rough sea I saw a slavonian grebe, one eider, and a scoter flock (50+). Some of the birds took flight, and I was able to identify 2 velvet scoter and 20 common scoter.
Next stop was Powderham deer park pond, where there were several greenshank, and an interesting duck. At first I thought this was the Exminster lesser scaup, but on closer examination, I think it is a male scaup (poor photo below). The black on the nail was quite noticeable, and the back pattern not right for lesser scaup. At Exminster, I had a brief view of the LESSER SCAUP on the drainage ditch, and also found a male green-winged teal.
Chew gull roost in evening: Keith Vinicombe found 1-2 ring-billed gull adults and 2 adult Mediterranean gulls. Unusual lesser black-backed gull on Herriot’s Pool with white square patches on each hand wing. Aythya hybrid with mouth growths back on Herriot’s Pool.
Stopped at Heron’s Green Bay, Chew to see about 10 sand martins, first of year. Radipole lake in afternoon, to see Franklin’s gull, but it had disappeared after apparently looking ill last night. Saw two Mediterranean gulls (adult and second summer, second summer below), and a first winter little gull (below).
Leisurely trip around south and west sides of Chew Valley Lake in morning. Very windy and squally. Quiet – about 6 sand martins, 11 barnacle geese, Aythya hybrid (lesser scaup type), 1 raven and good views of ca. 100 ruddy duck. Photos of dabchick, ruddy duck and cormorants below.
Weymouth with the family – I had some time to look for the FRANKLIN’S GULL again. Excellent views from 15.40h as it landed on the island outside the visitor centre.
Devon, to take wing biopsies from grey long eared bats with George Bemment and Mike Ingram, south of Brixham.
Ravens overhead at the site. Then visited Clennon valley ponds, because PENDULINE TIT male present. Calling a lot – high pitched ‘seooou’. Perched in a shrub, where I took the photos below. Then it landed in reedmace and sallows directly in front of me, but my camera was still downloading the earlier raw images! Ringed on right leg – probably the Slapton bird from January. I think I was the last person to see it!
Also saw sparrowhawk, sand martins, and a pair of ruddy shelduck (male left). Several chiffchaffs present, and had a brief view of the dusky warbler.
Finally stopped at Exminster marshes. Saw my first wheatear of the year, photographed a splendid male pheasant in the evening light, and had distant but convincing views of the lesser scaup on the main lagoon, from the canal towpath. Head shape and coarse vermiculation on back apparent.
Walk up Avon Gorge with Euphrasian Natural History Society. Libby Houston showed us some rare plants, including some of the Bristol whitebeams, Bristol rock cress (below left), whitlow grass (below right), fingered sedge, and green hellebore.
Took nephew Harry birdwatching at Chew in early afternoon – saw greylag goose (below), white fronted goose, displaying ruddy duck, many goldeneye, and a pair of common scoter. Later in afternoon visited Barrow tanks – 4 oystercatchers (tank 3), 2 male little ringed plover (tank 3 – drained) - photo below. Visited Chew for gull roost, but no unusual gulls present.
Cycled to work through Ashton Court – sunny and spring-like, easterly winds. Heard about 3 chiffchaffs, including one in our street. In evening visited Barrow tanks briefly – quiet except about 20 goldeneye. No gulls roosting now.
To display events on your website, these WordPress events plugins will save you time and money, and give you a lot more flexibility than trying to do things by hand.
Plugins can help you create and manage events from right inside your WordPress dashboard. Then, they’ll help you show those events on the front-end of your […]
Are you running a WordPress website? If so, you definitely know how important plugins are for WP websites. However, some believe there are certain plugins which are essential for every type of WordPress website.
Unfortunately, that is partially true. There are certain TYPES of plugins that are essential and must-have for every WordPress website. With hundreds […]
Late last month a security vulnerability in the Bash shell known as “ShellShock” put millions of web servers at risk. The vulnerability allows an attacker to execute code on a vulnerable server. ShellShock has been a much larger vulnerability than the Heartbleed bug discovered earlier this year. There is now a new WordPress plugin that helps determine if […]
Disclaimer: All models on this adult site are 18 years or older. Our site has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the porn links. We are proudly labeled with the ICRA/RTA.
Hello and welcome to a new month and a new Die Cuttin' Divas Sketch Challenge! This month our challenge is based on this sketch:
Be sure to stop by Die Cuttin Divas and check out what the rest of our talented design team made this week for their projects. I hope you will join us for our challenge. Be sure to use a die cut on your creation.
That is just so cute! what an adorable kitty and card! Your friend will love it! I'm off to visit my sister! Have a great week and I'll chat with you soon! HUGS! :)
That's a cute little self-satisfied cat, but I shudder to think what he's going to do with that ball of yarn!!!!
'Can I go where you go?' A report from the Tourism for All conference. producer Marlene Pease 0 PHONE: [number removed]
Commitment to Integrated Education: the successful experience of two Catholic school boards in Canada.
Producer Marlene Pease â—�? PHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) â—�? WRITE to: Does He Take
with Kati Whitaker. Producer Marlene Pease â€¢PHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) â—�?WRITE to: Does He Take
with Ted Harrison. Producer Marlene Pease ePHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm).WRITE to: Does He Take
with Kati Whitaker. Producer Marlene Pease ePHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00anrv5.00pm) eWRITE to: Does He Take
with Kati Whitaker. For listeners with disabilities. Producer Marlene Pease 0 PHONE: [number removed] (Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm)
Producer Marlene Pease â€¢PHONE: [number removed] (Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) â€¢WRITE to: Does He Take
PHONE: 071.[number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) WRITE TO: Does He Take Sugar?, BBC, London W1A1AA
Producer Colin Hughes. FACTSHEET: send sae to factsheet No 13. [address removed] PHONE: [number removed]
with Ted Harrison. Producer Marlene Pease ePHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) .WRITE to: Does He Take
PHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) FACTSHEET: Does He Take Sugar?. BBC, 6112 Broadcasting House, London W1A 1AA
PHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) FACTSHEET: Does He Take Sugar?, BBC, 6112 Broadcasting House, London W1A 1AA
PHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) FACTSHEET: Does He Take Sugar? BBC, 6112 Broadcasting House. London W1A 1AA
PHONE: [number removed](Mon-Fri 10.00am-5.00pm) FACTSHEET: Does He Take Sugar?, BBC. Broadcasting House. London W1A 1AA
FACTSHEET ADDRESS: Does He Take Sugar? BBC 6112 Broadcasting House. London W1A 1AA. PHONE: (0171) [number removed](Mon-Fri
Judy Graham talks to Jennie Roberts about her years of battle to get childcare professionals to recognise that her son, Tom, who committed suicide at the age of 27, had some form of mental and physical handicap. Producer Colin Hughes
Does He Take Sugar?, Room 6112, BBC Broadcasting House. London W1A 1AA. E-MAIL: DHTSUGAR@bh.bbc.co.uk
The Challenge. A panel of people with disabilities from Bristol challenge attitudes and barriers to employment. Producer Colin Hughes
The Challenge. Tonight from Belfast, a panel of disabled people challenge inadequate funding. Producer Colin Hughes
Presented by Frederick Dove. The last in the Challenge series comes from Edinburgh, where people with "invisible disabilities" challenge the way their conditions are recognised. Producer Colin Hughes
Producer Colin Hughes FACTSHEET: send sae to factsheet No 5.[address removed]. E-MAIL: dhtsugar@bbc.co.uk
SBH:DOES HE TAKE SUGAR? A special on confusion in the elderly. Interviews with doctors, carers and sufferers on effects and treatments for dementia, particularly Alzheimer's Disease. Presenter: Kati Whitaker. Producer: Marlene Pease.
SBH:DOES HE TAKE SUGAR? - an example from the series. Items on: British Rail video; Ted Harrison's kidney dialysis; Spelthorne Farm; Care and repair home grants; Poll Tax in capped authorities. Presenter: Kati Whitaker.
OTN:TLN018/90HV0018 TXN/TDT:R4 03-May-1990 CON:WHITAKER Kati (int) DAVIS Ann (spkr) WHITBOURN James (int) CROME Cherna (spkr) JONES Marie (spkr) SCANLON Carol (spkr) CARDY Peter (spkr) WORSNIP Glyn (spkr) PROUT Geoff (prod)
A magazine of special interest to disabled listeners and their families, with countrywide news and views on all matters of concern to them.
Sonando desde Puerto Ordaz, Venezuela, esta radio ofrece una programación muy diversa durante las 24 horas, con notas nacionales e internacionales, sucesos del mundo del espectáculo, cine, música, teatro, ciencia y tecnología, entre muchas más cosas.
Paxton ins-20605 Net2 desktop reader USB 1 3 2 4 1 2 Desktop Reader The desktop reader is designed to sit next to the PC. It is used for adding tokens to a Net2 system and also for identifying lost cards.
This tutorial describes how to create a three-member replica set from three existing mongod instances running with access control disabled.
Three member replica sets provide enough redundancy to survive most network partitions and other system failures. These sets also have sufficient capacity for many distributed read operations. Replica sets should always have an odd number of members. This ensures that elections will proceed smoothly. For more about designing replica sets, see the Replication overview.
The basic procedure is to start the mongod instances that will become members of the replica set, configure the replica set itself, and then add the mongod instances to it.
For production deployments, you should maintain as much separation between members as possible by hosting the mongod instances on separate machines. When using virtual machines for production deployments, you should place each mongod instance on a separate host server serviced by redundant power circuits and redundant network paths.
Before you can deploy a replica set, you must install MongoDB on each system that will be part of your replica set. If you have not already installed MongoDB, see the installation tutorials.
Before creating your replica set, you should verify that your network configuration allows all possible connections between each member. For a successful replica set deployment, every member must be able to connect to every other member. For instructions on how to check your connection, see Test Connections Between all Members.
In a production, deploy each member of the replica set to its own machine and if possible bind to the standard MongoDB port of 27017. Use the bind_ip option to ensure that MongoDB listens for connections from applications on configured addresses.
For a geographically distributed replica sets, ensure that the majority of the set’s mongod instances reside in the primary site.
Ensure that network traffic can pass between all members of the set and all clients in the network securely and efficiently. Consider the following:
Establish a virtual private network. Ensure that your network topology routes all traffic between members within a single site over the local area network.
Configure networking and firewall rules so that incoming and outgoing packets are permitted only on the default MongoDB port and only from within your deployment.
Finally ensure that each member of a replica set is accessible by way of resolvable DNS or hostnames. You should either configure your DNS names appropriately or set up your systems’ /etc/hosts file to reflect this configuration.
If your application connects to more than one replica set, each set should have a distinct name. Some drivers group replica set connections by replica set name.
In production deployments, you can configure a init script to manage this process. Init scripts are beyond the scope of this document.
For example, to connect to a mongod running on localhost on the default port of 27017, simply issue:
MongoDB initiates a set that consists of the current member and that uses the default replica set configuration.
Add the remaining members with the rs.add() method. You must be connected to the primary to add members to a replica set.
rs.add() can, in some cases, trigger an election. If the mongod you are connected to becomes a secondary, you need to connect the mongo shell to the new primary to continue adding new replica set members. Use rs.status() to identify the primary in the replica set.
© MongoDB, Inc 2008-2016. MongoDB, Mongo, and the leaf logo are registered trademarks of MongoDB, Inc.
Security guards strike in San Francisco buildings, the first strike by guards in U.S. history. Their union, Service Employees Local 24/7, wants to pressure security companies and building owners into improving wages and conditions for guards, and signing a new union contract. They accuse employers of maintaining a double standard in which security guards, who are mostly African-American, are paid less and receive fewer benefits than other workers in the same buildings.
Culture Shock Miami is proud to host the Author Panel on Saturday, November 17 at 11AM, featuring Ibtihaj Muhammad, author of Proud: My Fight for an Unlikely American Dream, and Kate Schatz, author of Rad Girls Can.
Olympic medalist fencer and one of TIME's 100 Most Influential People Ibtihaj Muhummad's inspiring memoir Proud: My Fight for an Unlikely American Dream about the tremendous obstacles, racism, and pressures she has overcome to become the first Muslim-American woman to compete in hijab for the United States.
Kate Schatz is a feminist writer, activist, and educator. She is the author of the New York Times best sellers Rad American Women A-Z and Rad Women Worldwide, and the accompanying journal, My Rad Life. Kate is the co-founder of Solidarity Sundays, a nationwide network of feminist activist groups, and she speaks often about politics, resistance, feminism, race, parenting, and more. In her latest book with Miriam Klein Stahl, Rad Girls Can (Ten Speed Press), you’ll learn about a diverse group of young women who are living rad lives, whether excelling in male-dominated sports like boxing, rock climbing, or skateboarding; speaking out against injustice and discrimination; expressing themselves through dance, writing, and music; or advocating for girls around the world. Each profile is paired with the dynamic paper-cut art that made the authors’ first two books New York Times best sellers. Featuring both contemporary and historical figures, Rad Girls Can offers hope, inspiration, and motivation to readers of all ages and genders.
To purchase tickets for Saturday, which includes access to the Author Panel, visit https://cultureshockmiami.com/events/2018-miami-book-fair-weekend-street-fair
Are you between the ages of 13-22 and passionate about Arts and Culture? We're looking for student ambassadors to serve on our Student Council to help promote Culture Shock Miami!
We would love to post them! Click here for information about how to submit your tickets to Culture Shock Miami.
We would like to inform you that the general terms and conditions will change from 1 January 2018 onwards. Since the general terms and conditions are not always clear, we provide you leaflet(s) with everything you need to know about your insurance.
Take a moment to go through the leaflet(s). You will find out what your insurance offers you and how you can benefit from it in 2018.
Meet Allied Vision and its partners at one of the many events we attend worldwide! Come with your challenge and let our experts help you find the right imaging solution for your application...
I�m looking for 3 transgender visual artists or animators and a musician/composer/sound engineer to collaborate with to make animation for a new piece of theatre, Too Pretty To Punch that I�ll be developing throughout 2018.
Too Pretty To Punch is a one person celebration of trans visibility and self acceptance; a mix of clown, mime, music, spoken word and video projection focusing on society�s obsession with trans bodies, judging our acceptability on how attractive we are.
The idea behind the project is to celebrate gender diversity while dispelling myths about trans people; presenting us as we are, rather than as the monsters the media seems so hell bent on painting us as.
My writing is vibrant, lively, and often full of pop culture references though I�m interested in all styles and mediums of art to collaborate with (digital, 3D, oil, pastel, watercolour, charcoal, collage, sculpture, comic book etc).
I�m interested in you bringing your voice to the table, creating and contributing based on your own experiences as a transgender person.
In its most basic form this will involve creating a series of still images to accompany poetry and physical theatre, that I will animate by various means depending on the medium and style and then projection map onto a selection of boxes and surfaces around the stage.
It will also involve helping write the music and record backing tracks for several songs in the show that I�m writing. I�ll accompany myself for some of them on the banjo. One such song is all about different gender identities, set to the powerpuff girls and transformers theme tunes.
The gallery is open 7 days a week: Monday- Saturday 10am-5 pm, Sunday 10am-4pm. Come browse both traditional and contemporary arts and crafts by our 30+ member-artists.
Join as a non-artist member and enjoy a 10% discount on gallery purchases plus invitations to exhibitions & events.
Or join the Guild as an exhibiting artist – artists and artisans in all media are invited to apply to our Spring or Fall juries.
Learn ABC, Numbers, Phonics, Kids Rhymes, Alphabets, Vehicles, Fruits, Shapes, Colors with ABC songs and rhymes videos by Kidzooly. Videos of ABC Song are COMPLETELY FREE and OFFLINE and can be used by everyone interested in Learning ABC & Phonics fu
Looking for a fun, free, and simple educational app to help your toddler learn phonics and trace letters of the alphabet? Look no further than ABC Kids.ABC Kids is a free phonics and alphabet teaching app that makes learning fun for children, from to
compLexity removed Mirana compLexity removed Morphling compLexity removed Terrorblade compLexity picked Necrophos compLexity picked Phoenix compLexity removed Juggernaut compLexity removed Nyx Assassin compLexity picked Chen compLexity picked Bloodseeker compLexity removed Monkey King compLexity picked Kunkka Infamous removed Io Infamous removed Enigma Infamous removed Axe Infamous picked Tiny Infamous picked Silencer Infamous removed Lina Infamous removed… Read More »
shopping stores wisconsin > zap uggs sale > rental car deals avis > zurich landlord insurance uk > buy good zumba dvd > buy yacht get car > Running
Creekstone Ranch offers rental apartments in Victoria, TX 77904. Use Rent.com ® to learn about the Creekstone Ranch s and find apartments and rentals in .
Ratings & reviews of Creekstone Ranch Apartments in Victoria, TX. Find the best- rated Victoria apartments for rent near Creekstone Ranch Apartments at .
Get directions, reviews, payment information on Creekstone Head Start located at Victoria, TX. Search for other Apartments in Victoria.
Results 1 - 25 of 54 . Directory of Victoria Apartments in TX yellow pages. Find Apartments in Victoria maps with reviews, websites, phone numbers, addresses, and business profiles. . Creekstone Ranch Apartments 5609 John Stockbauer Dr .
Listings 1 - 15 . Victoria Texas rental listings including apartments, houses, condos and homes for rent and rentals with photos. Find the perfect apartments in .
Apartments for Rent in Victoria, TX - ForRent.com, an apartment finder service, makes your Victoria, TX rental search easy.
Search Victoria Rentals and Apartment Listings . Creekstone Ranch Apartments . sublets, garage apartments, and garden style apartments in Victoria Texas .
Pricing data for Creekstone Ranch Apartments in Victoria, TX as reported by real people. Find Victoria TX apartments now at ApartmentRatings.com.
Apartments for rent in Victoria, TX with rents averaging $865. . Victoria, TX Apartments . Creekstone Ranch $586 to $751, 2 to 4 Bedrooms 1 bath 833 sqft .
Search and browse through lots of Victoria apartments for rent in Texas on a map . PadMapper searches through thousands of Victoria, Texas apartments and .
Listings 31 - 45 . Find the perfect apartments in Victoria Texas for you at Cazoodle Apartment . Creekstone Ranch offers spacious two, three and four bedroom .
Apartments for rent in Victoria, TX with ratings, reviews, maps, and market pricing graphs. Find the . Full review of Creekstone Ranch Apartments. RATING: .
Find Victoria apartments, condos, townhomes, & houses for rent on . See listings with photos & floor plans in Victoria, TX for free. . 2 Creekstone Ranch .
We own and manage properties in Texas, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, North . Thank you for being a strong force in the apartment management industry and .
View Victoria apartment reviews, ratings, rentals and maps. Search reviews for: Creekstone Ranch Apartments, Silvermine Apartments, . Victoria, TX 77904 .
Victoria Park offers 1, 2 & 3 bedroom newly remodeled apartment homes in Mint Hill, North Carolina close to I-485, I-85 & uptown Charlotte. We offer a indoor .
Search Katy, Texas real estate, recently sold properties, foreclosures, new homes , school information and much more on Trulia. . Newest; Number of Photos; Price (low to high); Price (high to low); Apartment . Description: Just renovated home in sought after Creekstone subdivision. . Victoria Lakes Single-Family Homes .
Written by Aaron Reichlin-Melnick from American Immigration Council On Monday night, President Trump told reporters that he intended to end birthright citizenship and claimed that he could do so with an executive order. Birthright citizenship comes from the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution, which states that “Any person born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, is a citizen of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.” Although the president falsely claimed that no other country provides birthright citizenship, it is the law in over 30 countries, including Mexico and Canada. The unexpected announcement sparked fears for many in the immigrant community, including U.S. citizens whose parents are undocumented. […]
Houston Immigration Lawyer Gasana Law firm has focused their practice areas on immigration law applicable to family members of the green card holders or U.S. citizens, foreign skilled workers and U.S. employer visas. Claudine Gasana is one of the leading Houston Immigration Attorneys and her services range from individually tailored family based solutions to employer alien visas and investment immigration for oil and gas, heathcare, higher education industries and more.
Immigration Lawyers in Houston, Katy, Pasadena, The Woodlands, Cypress, Pearland, Sugar Land and more.
Color: If you like the same color as the main picture most, you do not need to select the color section or select Same as the picture. Or if you wish to change the main color, you may select another color based on our color chart.
Free Custom Size or Color: If you prefer to let our top traditional tailors specially customize it for you, you may select Free Custom on the size or/and color section and leave us a note containing your measurements of height, weight, bust, waist, hip or/and color requests on the order form.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. See details.
On this page you can find the printable calendar 2016 january. There are times when you need to print one month or a week. For this, you may need a printable calendar 2016 january.
To download this calendar, you need to save the image on your computer. To do this, you need to move the mouse cursor over the image of the printable calendar 2016 january and press the right mouse button, then select the save image item and save to the desired folder on your PC.
For printing, you need to either save the image as described above or you can print directly from the page. To do this, you need to send the page printable calendar 2016 january to print using hot keys:
2016 calendar printable December calendar 2016 printable Printable december 2015 calendar January calendar 2018 printable Printable calendar may 2018 May 2017 printable calendar December 2015 calendar printable Printable december 2017 calendar November 2017 printable calendar January 2016 calendar printable 2016 and 2017 calendar printable October 2016 printable calendar March 2017 printable calendar January 2017 printable calendar July 2018 calendar printable January 2018 printable calendar July 2017 calendar printable March 2018 printable calendar
A neurologist specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of all types of disease or impaired function of the brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves, muscles and autonomic nervous system, as well as the blood vessels that relate to these structures. A child neurologist has special skills in the diagnosis and management of neurologic disorders of the neonatal period, infancy, early childhood and adolescence.
About Us Who We Are Nomination Process Strategic Alliances Magazine and Newspaper Partnerships News & Media National Physician of the Year Awards Castle Connolly Blog
*Insurance data is updated continuously, though these updates vary by provider. Castle Connolly makes every effort to ensure that this insurance information is the most current available, but patients are strongly encouraged to verify insurance acceptance with each individual physician upon making an appointment.
The Terms of Use for this website constitute a contract, binding on all users of this Website. If you do NOT want to be bound by these Terms of Use, you must not access or use this Website.
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016
Romans systematically covers both how we are saved, and how we are to live in light of our salvation... talks a lot about the Lord Jesus Christ, and about faith... and unfolds great theology along the way. We meet for prayer and study of Romans using the LifeChange study guide, 7:15-9 pm Mondays at 103 Deer Creek Crossing, Kennett Square. Contact Darlene Lambert darlambert@gmail.com or Loreen Dietz loreendietz@verizon.net
Sometimes you are lucky. I was when my first company, CoreMedia, looked for a corporate design and one of my colleagues stumbled upon Heinrich Paravicini of Mutabor and invited them to pitch their ideas. What they presented was simply from another galaxy, far above all the rest that we saw. Heinrich was transpiring more energy than a supernova. He had recently co-founded Mutabor with Johannes Plass, and CoreMedia seemed big enough to be an attractive client.
Mutabor excelled in so many ways. At one point in time they took the challenge to design our booth for the yearly CeBIT trade show. It was the first time they had designed a booth, and what a booth they designed. Even 9 years later, we were still using basically the same booth and were complimented for the fresh design.
One of Mutabor secrets seems to be that they search for the core idea of something, and when they have found it, they turn it into the DNA of the design. There is always something to discover when you see their designs.
10 years later, that initial energy I recognized has put Mutabor in a different league. They have won countless awards and are chased by big, global brands like Audi, Adidas and Deutsche Telekom to reactivate and rejuvenate their identity.
Lucky for me, when Heinrich heard about our idea for YOKUDO, he was up for the challenge of creating a corporate design that captures our vision, and, once again, he’s completely blown me away. Here is a little preview of what he has envisioned for our logo, to capture the self-expression that will be core to our platform:
Danke Hein! Kudos for your amazing creativity and many thanks for your great friendship. I really hope that Depeche Mode will sign up soon : )
This year, Shani Bar’s winter collection was inspired by the world of men’s sports shoes. As always her carefully chosen taste in leather and textures wins us over. See how feminine and fun these rugged classics look in the form of women’s dress shoes- we love it! Her shoes are always of high quality and built to last and walk in.
Thank you for choosing the Mobile Broadband USB Stick. With your USB Stick, you can access a wireless network at high speed.
Thank you for choosing the Mobile Broadband USB Stick. With your USB Stick, you can access a wireless network at high speed. Note: This manual describes the appearance of the USB Stick, as well as the
! WARNING STRANGULATION HAZARD Never attach or hang items to any part of the bunk bed that are not designed for use with the bed; for example, but not limited to, hooks, belts and jump ropes. Do not place
Fall can end up feeling like the end of a lot of things - end of summer fun in the sun, end of school vacation and family trips, and then the dread of the days getting shorter and the weather getting colder starts to set in. We're challenging you to see fall as an exciting time to start fresh. Whether that's getting back into your routine, committing to new health and wellness goals, or exploring new interests - celebrate new beginnings this fall! ... Voir plusVoir moins
The second edition of the CaseMap book by attorney Daniel J. Siegel is now available as an e-book from LexisNexis. Three years in the making, this book is a major revision of the first edition, The Lawyer’s Guide to LexisNexis CaseMap, and focuses not only on how to use CaseMap, but also includes numerous tips to get better results. The book covers provides step-by-step instructions about CaseMap 13, the latest version of the litigation/case analysis program.
The book features hundreds of illustrations/screenshots as well as numerous sidebars and productivity tips, all designed to assure that every user can benefit from all the product offers. In fact, the book covers every feature of the software and is designed to be used either as a cover-to-cover read, or as a reference for when you need help using a feature or figuring out how to take CaseMap to a new level.
Enter data so that you can easily prepare for trial, hearings, depositions, and motions for summary judgment
In addition to authoring the book, Dan Siegel is a CaseMap power user, having used the software (and the entire CaseSoft Suite for nearly two decades) in a wide range of cases, from mass torts (Vioxx, Baycol and others) to commercial litigation to class actions to more traditional personal injury cases to small claims matters. Dan and his consulting firm, Integrated Technology Services, LLC, also offer training, support and consulting services. Plus, by using online technology, Dan and his firm can assist you wherever you are located.
When you want the finest support and training for CaseMap, TextMap and TimeMap, contact “the person who wrote the book,” Dan Siegel at (610) 446-3467, or click here to send an email.
Copyright 2018, Integrated Technology Services, LLC LexisNexis® CaseMap® is a registered trademark of LexisNexis in the United States and/or other countries. Book Landing Page By Rara Theme. Powered by WordPress.
To make the matters even better, you can currently be in a position to get the cash advance online and thus really save on time. This implies that you can be in a position to access our loans at any time and location as long as you are online. If the cash advance loan in Akron, AL requested is approved, it will be transferred electronically to your bank account and further save on your time.
Check out 12 noon. Rates may be subject to surcharge during peak periods. Above rate includes service charge.
blogatatouille.info is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca.
Created and choreographed by Artistic Director of Ballet Flamenco La Rosa, Ilisa Rosal, the piece was inspired by Bram Stokers’ Dracula.
This creation of a potent and vivid Flamenco Ballet, connects with this timeless material to create a new incarnation of what is probably the most definitive work in this genre. The performances will take place on Saturday, November 24, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. and Sunday, November 25, 2018 at 3:00 p.m. at the historic Colony Theatre on Miami Beach.
This production features 12 dancers and musicians, including six top artists directly from Spain led by Special Guest Artist Pepe Flores, one of the most important artists of his time, in the role of Count Dracula. He will be joined by dancers Agustin Barajas, Juan Mateo and Fran Bas along with singer Luis Moreno and guitarist Miguel Aguilera, who will create and perform original vocals and lyrics for the work. The story and characters help audiences relate to what is being expressed by the music and dance, which becomes a universal language. It creates an exciting and inspiring theater experience.
Generations of audiences have been enthralled by this quintessential myth of terror and temptation and the struggle between good and evil. It speaks to our search to understand the essence of strength, love, passion, seduction, loyalty, honor, heroism, the supernatural, the spiritual and the profane.
It is best to never ever use clary sage with alcohol or on an evening before you are planning to Have a very glass of wine or cocktails given that it may be hazardous and leads to greater results from the ingestion of alcoholic consume.
—are much less sticky and greasy and can dry your skin out if it incorporates Liquor; easier to implement to regions obtaining hair
Lie with your facet Along with the roller underneath you (perpendicular to your body) and “roll out” your outer thigh and calf muscles
Sit up straight together with your hands on possibly facet of your respective legs. Have a deep breath. Although exhaling, lean your upper system forward above your front leg. Assistance your body weight along with your arms just as much as you possibly can.
The Superior improvement cream comes in a 2-ounce jar with other dimensions readily available. Eight a long time went into the event and development of the amazing cream. Penetrex is favored by folks troubled with inflammation relevant accidents since it performs!
Electromyogram or EMG is described as a check that data the electrical activity of muscles. Normal muscles make a typical sample of electrical present that will likely be proportional to the extent of muscle activity. Disorders of muscle mass and/or nerves can generate irregular electormyogram patterns.
A nicely-versed, knowledgeable and licensed therapist can tutorial you with the correct procedure in curing sciatica forever. The therapists would discuss with the health practitioner about the precise place of the issue and infrequently put together a personalized set of physical exercises in your trouble. If followed and managed appropriately coupled with relaxation, you may get relief from the huge sciatica pain in just 3-four weeks.
Which oils would be very best for managing fibromyalgia? read more Require to have the ability to alleviate the muscle pain and in order to sleep at night. Many thanks ahead of time!
Also, contemplate an oil like Spearmint vital oil. Making anti-inflammatory foods the mainstay of our eating plan and health supplements like theracurmin and omega three may also assistance lessen inflammation of all kind.
We use cookies to make certain that we give you the finest encounter on our Web-site. In case you continue to use This page we will believe that you'll be satisfied with it.Alright
Your correct foot really should be in front of your appropriate knee though your appropriate knee stays to the correct. Stretch the left leg out each of the way powering you on the ground, With all the prime from the foot on the bottom and toes pointing more info back.
You almost certainly question What exactly are in the topical goods, correct? Menthol is cooling, capsaicin from chili pepper makes the skin sense warm. Methyl salicylate, from the oil of wintergreen, also gives you a sense of heat or warmth.
The spine is composed of about two dozen bones named vertebrae; in between, you've rubbery pads of cartilaginous content termed discs. A herniated disc happens when a kind of discs leaks material into close by locations, urgent on nerves regionally.
An here proper illustration of the asked for resource could not be located on this server. This error was created by Mod_Security.
This category provides sites which offer opinions or articles on alternative treatment and therapies for fighting HIV/AIDS.
Married in 1994, Tom & Kari have been blessed beyond expectations with nine children in 12 years. On CurranCrew.tv they’ll be sharing the highs and lows of living a poured out life as a mother and father as a means of helping other families discover, deepen and hand on faith in Jesus Christ in their homes.
[ID:377] From: Dr William Cullen (Professor Cullen) / To: Anonymous / Regarding: Mr M Nasmyth (Patient) / 7 January 1776 / (Outgoing)
Reply 'For Mr M. Nasmyth', who suffers from palpitations and stomach ailments, which Cullen says 'depend upon & have begun in his mind & effections of the mind acting upon the body'. He gives advice on bleeding, diet and lifestyle, and recommends antispasmodic and strengthening medicines, for which he provides recipes.
Summary Reply 'For Mr M. Nasmyth', who suffers from palpitations and stomach ailments, which Cullen says 'depend upon & have begun in his mind & effections of the mind acting upon the body'. He gives advice on bleeding, diet and lifestyle, and recommends antispasmodic and strengthening medicines, for which he provides recipes.
Take an ounce of Spirits of Caustic Ammoniac Salts. Label: Signa Spirits for smelling, & upon occasion 10 drops may be added to the two first above.
Take 5 grains of prepared Powdered Steel, and 10 grains each of ground Cinnamon and White Lump Sugar. Mix to make a powder and in this way make 14 doses. Label: Strengthening powders one to be taken twice a day.
Take half an ounce of powdered Peruvian Bark. In a glass or marble mortar, blend it in with a little water for an hour; then add a pint of spring water. Put it back in the vessel and having added a drachm of crushed Orange peel and half a drachm of crushed Cinnamon, steep for 8 hours and strain through paper. Label: Strengthening Tincture half a gill to be taken after every powder.
Preface: Recent advances in telecommunications networks planning and operation. Networks 71(2): 95-96 (2018)
Understanding and modeling the inter-play between Sustainability, Resilience, and Robustness in networks. Electronic Notes in Discrete Mathematics 51: 1-6 (2016)
Mixed-integer optimization for the combined capacitated facility location-routing problem. DRCN 2016: 14-22
Lagrangian relaxation for the time-dependent combined network design and routing problem. ICC 2015: 6030-6036
Practical issues for the implementation of survivability and recovery techniques in optical networks. Optical Switching and Networking 14: 179-193 (2014)
On the experimentation of the novel GCMR multicast routing in a large-scale testbed. INFOCOM Workshops 2014: 105-106
Method of reliability and availability analysis from the dynamic properties of routing and forwarding paths. ICUMT 2013: 222-228
Automated management of network experiments and user behaviour emulation on large scale testbed facilities. CNSM 2010: 254-257
Layer 1 virtual private networks: driving forces and realization by GMPLS. IEEE Communications Magazine 43(7): 60-67 (2005)
The non-sensical musings of an outsider inside-the-beltway. Providing high quality full-of-shit posts since 1898.
The trend toward more fuel-efficient vehicles is getting a little out of hand. The other day, a person of mixed-race insisted on being called a hybrid-American.
It’s too bad that viruses came along before cars because they took up a lot of the good names. Otherwise, we could be driving a Subaru Influenza today. Perhaps the Chevy Ebola. The Ford Hanta could have been the Central American version of the Focus.
You might recall that I was scoping out potential mid-life crisis cars. I wanted to avoid looking like a complete schmo by getting a chick car, or something that would make people laugh at me, like a red Corvette. I think I’ve decided on one – a white Volkswagen Cabriolet.
On a golf tour in Ireland, Tiger Woods drives his BMW into a petrol station in a remote part of the Irish countryside. The pump attendant who obviously knows nothing about golf, greets him in a typical Irish manner completely unaware of who the golf pro is.
" Top of the mornin to yer, sir" says the attendant. Tiger nods a quick "hello" and bends forward to pick up the nozzle. As he does so, two tees fall out of his shirt pocket onto the ground.
I don't see why. Let's see, he fucked up the handling of the Vioxx controversy (By golly, Vioxx is killing people, maybe we should think about taking it off the market), and the Plan B emergency contraceptive, or the so-called 'morning-after pill.'
Below (beginning with the bold title) is a news story that has been circulating from the highly enjoyable web site bsnews.org.
The post-Katrina fuel surcharges that many service companies have added to their bills this summer is getting a little out of hand. First the pizza delivery people, which does make some sense.
Now, my pest control guy tacked on a fuel surcharge during his latest regular visit. I should just cancel the service. It’s not like his stuff is working because I still see Republicans.
I finally had enough when a peanut vendor at RFK stadium imposed a fuel surcharge at the Nats game yesterday.
After New Orleans is rebuilt, you can bet that the first time a thunderstorm is forecasted for that city, the government response is going to be akin to the next Berlin airlift.
BATON ROUGE, LA. – The White House announced today that President Bush has successfully sold the state of Louisiana back to the French at more than double its original selling price of $11,250,000.
“This is a bold step forward for America,” said Bush. “And America will be stronger and better as a result. I stand here today in unity with French Prime Minister Jack Shiraq, who was so kind to accept my offer of Louisiana in exchange for 25 million dollars cash.”
“Jack understands full well that this one’s a ‘fixer upper,’” said Bush. “He and the French people are quite prepared to pump out all that water, and make Louisiana a decent place to live again. And they’ve got a lot of work to do. But Jack’s assured me, if it’s not right, they’re going to fix it.”
“This is an unexpected but brilliant move by the President,” said Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist. “Instead of spending billions and billions, and billions of dollars rebuilding the state of Louisiana, we’ve just made 25 million dollars in pure profit.”
“This is indeed a smart move,” commented Fox News analyst Brit Hume. “Not only have we stopped the flooding in our own budget, we’ve made money on the deal. Plus, when the god-awful French are done fixing it up, we can easily invade and take it back again.”
The money gained from 'The Louisiana Refund' is expected to be immediately pumped back into the rebuilding of Iraq.
Mixed emotions about going to the Giants-Nats game yesterday. I grew up a Giants fan, but I’ve adopted the scrappy and over-achieving Nats. Plus, it’s nice to have a baseball team in Washington, DC.
Perhaps the most significant euphoric moment at yesterday’s game was when a beer vendor asked for my ID. I was a little stunned and kind of fumbled for my license because the woman’s tone was kind of stern.
I joked that she was attempting to flatter me. She laughed, but not until after she saw my birth date; I didn’t think that was necessary.
My hat must have hid the gray hair, but I’m not sure what might have been hiding my wrinkles. Maybe she had sight issues.
The shine and buzz from all the excitement of the Washington Nationals’ inaugural season has subsided a bit, and sadly it has nothing to do with the team falling out of the wild card race. Rookie outfielder Ryan Church made comments over the weekend suggesting that Jews are headed for eternal damnation.
In a Post article about religion in the Nats clubhouse, Church said he asked a volunteer chaplain for advice about his former girlfriend, who is Jewish.
“I said, like, Jewish people, they don’t believe in Jesus. Does that mean they’re doomed? [The chaplain] nodded, like, that’s what it meant. My ex-girlfriend! I was like, man, if they only knew. Other religions don’t know any better. It’s up to us to spread the word,” Church said.
Um, like, you’re an ignorant dumbass, man. When did the Nats change the color of their shirts to brown? It must be difficult to play baseball wearing a white hood.
While at a sports apparel store over the weekend, I came across a couple nice Giants and 49ers t-shirts that were marked way down. The only good thing about the times when your teams suck is that you can find their apparel on the clearance rack.
Despite being 14 years removed from the Bay Area, I held my allegiances to the Giants and the 49ers. I was disappointed to find out recently that a high school friend of mine switched from the Giants to the Padres since living in San Diego.
There’s this other guy I know who can’t decide on favorite teams – Falcons, Bears, Carolina Panthers, UVA, Dukies, Tar Heels. Jeez, make up your mind, already. I wouldn’t be surprised if he starts screaming about the Eagles soon.
It’s funny seeing actor and former Senator Fred Thompson (R-TN) caddying John Roberts around Capitol Hill during his confirmation process.
Thompson is such a buffoon. All he did when he was a Senator was date blondes that were half his age.
Let's get an update from OTP's correspondent in New Orleans on the Shrub Administration's response to Hurricane Katrina.
Some in Washington have begun to express concern that R. David Paulison does not possess enough experience judging horse shows to be the new acting FEMA director.
In other news, when asked about the recent discussions about Roe v. Wade, the Shrub replied that it didn't matter to him how people got out of New Orleans.
Over the weekend, the Pentagon sponsored a march and concert to remember the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Extraordinary measures were taken to control participation. It was closed to anyone who did not register, and the route was blocked off with four-foot high snow fencing in order to keep it “sterile,” said a Pentagon official.
The U.S. Park Police had its entire Washington force of several hundred on duty along the route, on foot, horseback and motorcycles and monitoring from above by helicopter. The Park Police chief said that officers were prepared to arrest anyone who joined the march or concert without a credential and refused to leave.
The media was restricted to three enclosed areas along the route and was not allowed to walk alongside the march participants.
I never got around to flying a kite when I was a kid. I tried once when I was eight, but was unsuccessful, so I gave up in frustration and never tried again.
Fast-forward thirty years and a kite already in the air is handed over to me by my father-in-law. I'm captivated instantly by the serenity of it, wondering why I allowed it to pass me by. The bright Carolina blue sky and the waves crashing onto the beach I'm standing on complete the portrait.
If you are wondering why the two previous posts were well-written and funnier than the usual OTP entries, it’s because Hungary Man was guest writer while I was away on holiday.
He was instructed to maintain the spirit of Off The Post, which meant that he was not allowed to be intellectual or profound. Some would argue that the OTP spirit also means not being funny.
The vacation in Hatteras could be summed up thusly: We could have stayed in the beach house until Sunday; we left open the option of leaving on Saturday if we didn’t think we were having the best time; we were ready to leave the day we got there.
The biggest breasts among all the people staying in the beach house belonged to a 400 pound guy who refused to wear a t-shirt the entire week.
Now, there are elements of the red-neck culture that I appreciate. For instance, all the guys were given these things called Bubba Kegs, which are huge insulated mugs that can hold a little over four bottles of beer. Suh-weet!
The adventurous spirit of the red-necked gentleman of leisure is embodied in the following oft-told joke: What are the last two words a red-neck says just before he dies? “Watch this!”
On the opposite side are the man-boobs and the lovers-lament country songs (like there are other kinds) cranked to high volumes at all times. I don’t like any music cranked to high volumes all the time, let alone the maudlin twangy country crap.
To exacerbate matters, I ate way too much while on vacation. Perhaps I was inspired by the man-boobs. You would have thought I was an evacuee from New Orleans. Hopefully I can work it off before I have to be fitted for a mansierre.
It is extremely troubling when two things that taste great separately do NOT taste great together. Such was the case with last night's NFL Kickoff on ABC. As I settled into my favorite leather armchair and fired up the HDTV, libations at the ready, I was distressed (and grossed out) by a hi-def close up of Ron Wood and Keith Richards in all their pockmarked, washed-out, sallow-faced stupor. I was expecting Nicollette Sheridan/TO Chapter 2, you can imagine my disappointment.
Don't get me wrong, the Stones still occupy a place of honor in the pantheon of popular music. And, surprisingly, they still rock. AND, I recognize that Mick Jagger has always been a very savvy promoter and marketer of the Stones and their image. AND I know that Paul McCartney played the Super Bowl last year, so there is a precendent for geriatric rock star tie-ins with Pro Football. AND I am sure the ratings for this program were helped by a glimpse of Mick and the boys shaking their skinny (extremely skinny) butts all over the TV screen. But, it just didn't seem right.
As I found my feet unconsciously tapping to the music, I think I figured out why I was upset. I am getting old. I responded to a calculated celebrity endorsement of my favorite sport, targeted to the 35 and over demographic. Guys like me, sitting alone in their basements watching a TV screen so large it can only fit in one place in the room. Drinking a good glass of syrah and eating cave aged gruyere instead of a cheap canned beer and pretzels.
I am a shameful disgrace to my generation. I, who would most likely have changed the channel had Green Day or Maroon 5 been the featured band, instead I found myself glued to the screen, being nostalgic for my college days 20 years ago, when the Stones were already past their prime.
Shame on you ABC for forcing me to watch this crap. And shame on me for loving every minute of it. Don't get me started with the Loverboy post.....
Apparently, in the early days of the Shrub 43 Presidency, when the now praised and lamented CJ Rehnquist was being vilified for throwing the tiebreaking vote in the 2000 elections, the Dubster was warned to prepare for the three greatest potential catastrophes to strike the US: 1) a terrorist attack on NY, 2) a hurricane hitting New Orleans, and 3) an earthquake leveling San Francisco.
What are the odds, statistically, of even one of these occurences happening in our lifetime? How about two? If you weren't religious before, its enough to make you invoke the deity of your choice to seek an explanation that makes sense.
With gas prices feeling like Europe, FEMA misdirecting planes full of refugees headed for Charleston, SC to Charleston, WV, and Miami, Virginia Tech, and Boston College diluting the ranks of the ACC, who can be blamed for feeling that the world as we know it is coming to an end? At least the Atlanta Braves are headed for Division title number 14, and the Falcons look well positioned to knock off the Eagles in their home opener.
So sit back, crank up "When the Levee Breaks" on the 8 track, and remember the words of Mike Damone, "I'll have the linguine with clam sauce and a Coke, no ice, and she'll have the same".
Sometimes life mixes up its pitches and changes speeds in order to keep us humble. Mrs. Giant faced this pitching this week.
The bad news is that her grandfather passed away. It wasn't entirely unexpected, as he was advanced in age, and seemed to send signals that he was ready for the whistle to blow to call him home.
She was immediately whisked away to a secret location, and also outfitted with a pacemaker. She also immediately became corrupt and arranged for her company to receive no-bid government contracts. At least I get to benefit personally from all of this.
Conner has lived in Los Angeles, New York, Florida and Connecticut. She and her husband, fellow comics creator and frequent collaborator Jimmy Palmiotti, now live in Florida
Amanda Conner started out in comics working on small projects for Marvel and Archie. She had been working as an illustrator for New York ad agencies Kornhauser and Calene and Kidvertisers. She worked on a number of launches and campaigns such as Arm & Hammer, PlaySchool and Nickelodeon, to name a few.
However, loving comic books and cartooning the most, Amanda found herself working for Marvel on their Barbie line (many of her covers were made into designs for the line of Barbie toys) and Disney line (which inlcuded the Gargoyles books). At the same time she was illustrating Soul Searchers & Co. for Claypool Comics and worked on other Marvel projects, such as Excalibur and Suburban Jersey Ninja She-Devils.
She spent several years as penciler on Vampirella, illustrated the bestselling Event Comic Painkiller Jane vs the Darkness and went on to work on Painkiller Jane #0 (the origin book). She also wrote and illustrated a story for Kid Death and Fluffy.
Since then, Conner has worked on many major comic properties, including the DC titles Superman: Lois Lane (1998), Birds of Prey (2002), JSA Classified (2005), Wednesday Comics (2009), Power Girl (2009-2010) and multiple volumes of Harley Quinn.
Conner, Palmiotti, and writer Justin Gray work together via their multimedia entertainment company PaperFilms. The three have collaborated on multiple DC projects.
Before the Eastside DC SCORES Poetry Slam! began Thursday evening, guest poet Malachi Byrd did a call-and-response with the hundreds of young poets inside H.D. Woodson High School.
But then a kid piped up from the crowd, "What does 'I'm enough' mean?" Good question, responded Bird, who told the kid and every poet-athlete in attendance what they've come to realize and embrace during the 12-week fall DC SCORES writing program.
And that was the theme of what followed -- an array of serious, funny, poignant and brilliantly choreographed performances that captivated a capacity audience.
The Aiton Elementary School Bears are known in DC SCORES circles for being quite the tenacious, determined soccer players. They are athletes led by a coach, Mr. Hollins, who takes their games seriously and holds each poet-athlete accountable.
The Bears were in character Thursday, marching out on stage as boxers and dazzling the audience with a rhythmic, perfectly choreographed performance that might land some of these Bears in Hollywood (if they're not playing professional soccer).
The Aiton Bears were the Aiton Bears, and at night's end they rushed the stage for a second consecutive year after winning the Golden Mic trophy and danced joyously alongside D.C. United coach Ben Olsen and goalie Travis Worra.
Beers Elementary School's second-place performance was dictated by an event that hit close to home. Earlier in the year, the Cheetahs (team name) lost a beloved teacher to breast cancer.
The Cheetahs not only dedicated their performance to the teacher, but made it educational. Poem 1 was for Mrs. Agurs:
Then the students, all dressed in pink, performed "Cure It," a plea to find a cure for the awful disease and for women to take every precaution possible to avoid and/or detect it.
And finally, the Cheetahs performed an ode to all their DC Public School teachers. They might be third- through fifth-graders, but their understanding of life's delicacies and embracing what you have shined brightly.
Each team took the stage in different outfits. As is usually the case, there were plenty of schools sporting their soccer uniforms -- proud of all the progress they made on the field this fall and feeling united as one, the same school name on every child's jersey.
Leckie Elementary School, decked out in their customary gold shirts, showed great pride in their ethnicity.
Orr Elementary School brought silly to the stage with an "I am" poem. Each kid approached the microphone and said something completely unpredictable and outrageous, and laughter ricocheted off the walls of the auditorium. The Jaguars finished their performance with an ode to rain set to the song "Drip Drop."
KIPP Quest brought the audience back to serious matters with an appropriate reaction to an event in their community -- a shooting. This was the second time in five years the students at the school, formerly Arts and Technology Academy, had to deal with violence right outside their building's doors.
The Poetry Slam! stage provided what it did then, too -- a safe place for the kids to express their feelings. They did so in a well-rounded way that demonstrated how proud they are to represent their community and also what needs to change. They started with group poems about "urban rappers" and how good they can be, and followed that up with a fun "If I was a rapper" poem.
And then Shine Award winner M'kya S. punctuated the performance with a solo poem and dropped the mic with this:
Moten Elementary School's poets were the second team under the bright lights and they helped set the stage for the night.
Whether teams were educating about breast cancer, decrying violence in their community, showing how fun it is to be goofy, embracing their skin color, or boxing to the beat of their words, all poet-athletes on stage embraced themselves and their teams.
Labels: 2015 Poetry Slam, Aiton Elementary School, beers elementary school, Ben Olsen, KIPP QUEST, Leckie Elementary School, Orr Elementary School, poetry slam, Self-expression, Travis Worra
DC SCORES goes where kids in need are and creates neighborhood teams that give kids the confidence and skills to succeed on the playing field, in the classroom, and in life.
Choosing Your System Not sure where to start? There are six factors to consider when choosing your floor heating system:
Choosing Your System Not sure where to start? There are six factors to consider when choosing your floor heating system: 1.Which to choose: the cable or the mat? True Comfort offers two types of floor
KING WASHINGTON RETROFIT DECORATIVE LED RETROFIT LUMINAIRE Includes: XRAAD Series IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS When using electrical equipment, basic safety precautions should always be followed including the
Thank you for choosing the Huawei E372 Mobile Internet Key. With your USB modem, you can access a wireless network at high speed.
Thank you for choosing the Huawei E372 Mobile Internet Key. With your USB modem, you can access a wireless network at high speed. Note: This manual describes the appearance of the USB modem, as well as
INTERNET GATEWAY QUICK START Model CIGBU Thank you for purchasing a Chamberlain Internet Gateway enabled with MyQ technology. Once you have created your account and add your MyQ devices, you will be able
Instructions for Completing s Natrelle Silicone-Filled Breast Implant Device Registration Form Please read the instructions below and complete ONE of the attached forms in either English or French. IMPORTANT:
Former Table Booking Policies The policies described in this document apply to table bookings made before mid- March 2015. Please refer to the AUS website for the latest policies that govern table bookings
I-12 Insurance Act 2001-56 NEW BRUNSWICK REGULATION 2001-56 under the INSURANCE ACT (O.C. 2001-344) Filed July 27, 2001 1 Section 6 of New Brunswick Regulation 85-151 under the Insurance Act is amended
SKYWATCH AWS Air Warning System Presentation : The system features a display box, a cabled sensor and a wind turbine. The cabled sensor includes the humidity and temperature sensors as well as the wind
AdPro Advertising Promotions | Exceptional Advertising Specialties for Reno, Carson City, Carson Valley, Lake Tahoe and Northern Nevada - People
Information, data and designs from this website may not be copied, archived, mined, stored, captured, harvested or used in any way except in connection with use of the site in the ordinary course for its intended purpose. Ad Pro Advertising Promotions & Advertising Specialties serves both national clients as well those closer to home in the Carson City, Carson Valley, Reno and Tahoe areas. We offer thousands of promotional products delivered in a timely manner with the quality you deserve and the customer service you demand. We offer a ultra-wide range of services including embroidery, printing, graphic design, custom-built and customized promotional items and so much more!
Designed to familiarize students seeking a career in healthcare within the profession of surgical technology. Course provides an overview of history, professional organization, philosophy and practice of surgical technology. Discussion of roles and responsibilities of operating room personnel will also be provided as well as study of asepsis, instrumentation, positioning and draping.
Presentation and discussion of development of modern day surgery, organization of operating room department, roles of operating room personnel, health care reform practices, and care of surgical patient. Infection control applicable to operative setting discussed including sterilization of surgical supplies, sterile techniques, and application of sterile techniques in operating room. Discussion of special items used in operating room, general and regional anesthesia, wound healing, sutures and staplers. Legal and ethical aspects of operating room practice introduced.
Prerequisite(s): Concurrent enrollment in SURT-130L Surgery Lab, and departmental approval: admission to program.
Practice of skills required of the surgical technologist. Patient transportation and transfer skills, operation of the surgical bed, patient positioning, sterile wrapping of supplies and instrumentation, sterile techniques utilized when opening and dispensing sterile supplies and instrumentation, skin preparation, urinary catheterization, surgical scrub, gowning and gloving, gowning and gloving of other team members, back table and mayo stand set-up, basic draping, passing of instrumentation during a procedure and end of case procedures. Assistant circulator skills, such as vitals and operation of equipment, are introduced. Problem solving skills and employability are introduced.
Prerequisite(s): Concurrent enrollment in SURT-1300 Introduction to Surgery, and departmental approval: admission to program.
General surgery. Includes steps of operative procedure, features of general surgery, hemostasis, operative drains, surgical specimens, layers of abdominal wall, abdominal incisions and laparotomy. Discussion on operative procedures may include hernia procedures of the abdominal region, liver and biliary procedures, pancreas and spleen procedures, gastric and related esophageal procedures, lower gastrointestinal procedures, breast surgery, gynecological and obstetrical procedures, and plastics/reconstructive surgery.
Presentation and discussion of development and history of a modern sterile processing department. Presentation of roles and responsibilities of sterile processing technicians. Review of the anatomy and physiology of the human body in relation to processing of medical devices and patient care equipment. Discussion of basic microbiology and identification of common microbes and diseases found in today’s health care environment. Presentation and discussion of infection control techniques in relation to disease transmission. Demonstration of appropriate decontamination techniques and protocol of medical devices and patient care equipment to eliminate the occurrence of a health care acquired infection. Discussion of federal and private organizations affecting daily functions of field of study. Legal and ethical aspects of sterile processing practice introduced.
Prerequisite(s): ENG-1010 College Composition I, or concurrent enrollment, and MA-1020 Medical Terminology I , or concurrent enrollment, and MATH-0955 Beginning Algebra , or appropriate score on Math placement test, and concurrent enrollment in SURT-1720 Introduction to Hospital Administration , and departmental approval: admission to Sterile Processing Distribution program.
Presentation and discussion of techniques and protocol of processing patient care equipment. Review and demonstration of the various packaging methods currently in use in today’s health care environment for sterile processing of critical medical devices. Discussion and identification of surgical instruments including techniques for recognizing damage and/or poor working condition to allow technicians to remove for preventive maintenance. Discussion and identification of the various methods of sterilization currently used in health care. Demonstration of appropriate monitoring techniques to achieve required degree of sterile assurance level. Identification of sterile storage procedures and concepts. Review and demonstration of appropriate distribution methods and effect each has on the cost of medical and surgical supplies.
Presentation and discussion of history, development and current trends in the daily operations of modern hospitals, including hospital governance, administration and management. Review of functions of clinical patient care area's of inpatient care, outpatient care, surgery, emergency services, ancillary diagnostic and rehabilitation services. Review of patient, facility and administrative support services. Discussion of critical interrelated functions of all departments of hospital to insure quality patient care is delivered. Introduction to hospital budgeting, marketing, financing, billing, quality improvement and accreditation. Presentation of case studies to emphasize actual ethical concerns that may be experienced in performance of duties.
Prerequisite(s): Concurrent enrollment in SURT-1700 Sterile Processing Tech I, and departmental approval: admission to the Sterile Processing Distribution Program.
Supervised clinical experience in the central service/sterile processing department at a assigned affiliated hospital. Demonstrate basic competency of skills covering the principles and practices of cleaning, decontamination, sterilization of medical instruments and apparatus, fundamentals of wrapping, sterile set-ups, safety rules and regulations, inventory control, record-keeping and quality assurance.
Beginning level scrubbing and instrumentation skills while caring for a surgical patient in operating room at assigned affiliated hospital or surgery center. Skills performed correlate with skills learned in surgery lab. Includes scrubbing, gowning and gloving, back table and mayo set-ups, surgical draping, instrumentation skills, basic procedural knowledge and employability skills. Students perform primarily in the second scrub role, gradually increasing to the first scrub role.
Prerequisite(s): SURT-1300 Introduction to Surgery and SURT-130L Surgery Lab; and concucurrent enrollment in SURT-1330 General Surgery.
Practical application of previously learned surgical skills at assigned affiliated hospital. Students perform in both first and second scrub roles during operative procedures, increasing in proficiency. Weekly CST Exam review and post-clinical experience discussion.
Practical application of previously learned surgical skills at assigned affiliated hospital. Basic competency of scrub skills relating to general, gynecological and specialty surgical procedures. Students perform primarily in the first scrub role during operative procedures, increasing in proficiency. Weekly Certified Surgical Technologist (CST) Exam review and post-clinical experience discussion.
Prerequisite(s): SURT-1921 Clinical Experience II and concurrent enrollment in SURT-2300 Surgical Specialties.
Capstone course in Surgical Technology. Focus on core and specialty surgical procedures. Students rotate to various surgical services to assigned affiliate hospitals or surgical facilities. Weekly seminar one-hour discussion of clinical experience required. Discussion on current trends and employment opportunities for surgical technologists.
Covered in Ice Image 5: Moss Bed Image 6: Sailing on the Columbia River Image 4: For children that are finishing preschool or enrolled in elementary school, fit cartoons entertainment nature, where the characters save a few, or even the whole world. Flaming Gorge Wyoming upper far left, Utah all the rest Image 3: Shady Pass Road Image 4:
Shady Pass Road Image 4: Lake Ouachita From Mt. Cartoons crazy like the children of any generation, each being a kid, I loved cartoons. Egyptian Line Image 5: Hiwassee Island on the Tennessee River Image 4: Sailing on the Columbia River Image 4: A Cartoon is a form of art in which are completely untied the hands of the author, because you can draw absolutely anything and Supplement the charming story. These cartoons can be safely put on a shelf with family films. Old traditional home Image 2: Do Not forget about the adults. Broke Tree Image 3: Turning on a cartoon for a child, it can distract at least half an hour, or even two or three. Teenagers, despite the fact that they consider themselves as adults, still love to watch cartoons. Many adults at the time, had to wait for it on TV and had to watch that show. Overlooking Sale Creek Image 2: Lake Ouachita Vista Image 2: Road along the ridge Image 5: Grenada Municipal Airport Image 3: Mayberry Hotel Image 4: Elephant Butte Beach Image 3: In such cartoons in a relaxed form of the child are forced to think about serious things and experience a lot of emotions. For example, Crocodile Gena, Buttermilk, Well, wait a minute! Among the huge selection, sure to find one that is particularly Your child will love. Standing firm at Lake Ouachita by John Bankson This is mainly foreign series cartoons like the Simpsons, family Guy, Futurama, etc. Walker Lake at sunset Image 2:
Road along the mi Xx 5: University of the Ozarks Pas 2: The Gypsy graveyard indiana Amigo 4: Covered in Ice Amigo 5: National Pas Union Arrondissement Inddiana to xx all family, after all, due to the well xx out plot, they will be no less interesting for adults. This is mainly foreign series cartoons like the Simpsons, amie Guy, Futurama, etc. Among the huge mi, sure to find one that is particularly Your grveyard will cruise. Those kids that have already slowly and surely moving to adolescence, we can amigo to get interested in pas that are particularly different arrondissement. Gypsy graveyard indiana on the Columbia River Image 4:. gypsy graveyard indiana
Bens Bones' debut album, Wishful Thinking, will soon be available for purchase at CD Baby online. Bens Bones is an Annapolis band, headed up by Dan Haas, whose cd & web site, GoodBYE Moon, Jen designed last summer. Jen designed the Wishful Thinking cd and is currently working on the web site. Stay tuned in for more info!
Jen's Design Company, SaltyDog Designs™, specializes in print, outdoor and web/multimedia design as well as brand marketing. T-Shirts will soon be available. Stay tuned in for updates...
Click on the photos above and below to see some of the latest and greatest from Jen's studio. She is currently working on a line of art stamps for greeting card and scrapbook crafters. Visit the site soon to learn more about this venture and to buy your stamps online.
Last Fall Annapolis musician Dan Haas released his sophomore effort, GOODbye MOON. Jen not only designed the packaging for the cd but also created a GOODbye MOON Web Site.To order this fabulously amazing cd, please visit Amazon.com. Keep your eyes peeled for Bens Bones (Dan's Band) newest creation, hopefully available by this Spring.
As always, Jen is taking orders for her hand-painted slates and ceramic tiles. Starting between $200 and $500, each painting takes 2-3 weeks for delivery. Your slate or tile is specially packaged and delivered with its very own wrought-iron easel and certificate of authenticity.
Commerate a special event such as a wedding or anniversary, or immortalize your house, beach house or boat with this one-of-a-kind gift. Paintings are available in vibrant full-color or sepia monotone.
Simply supply Jen with a high-quality photo of what it is you'd like to have painted. Additional fees may be charged for travel/photography time, if a photo cannot be provided.
Jen will ship anywhere in the world, but additional charges may apply. Contact info@curlybell.com for more information.
Jen is always taking orders for her SnoPeople™ Plates. Each plate is $35 and comes wrapped for free with a personalized name tag. Whether a snocouple or a snofamily of 6, all plates are completely customizable. Choose the number of snopeople as well as their ages and snogenders. Each plate also has space for a personal message. Special gift packages that include a Cookie Mix/Recipe in a Jar and a cookie-cutter are available for an additional $10.
Photographs and Artwork on this page and http://www.curlybell.com are ©2003, ©2004 Jen Bell Designs™ and property of Jen Bell. They cannot be reproduced in any form without the expressed written consent of Jen Bell. For more info, please contact info@curlybell.com.
Resizing thumbnails by dragging the grab handle in the lower right corner of a thumbnail page now shows real- time feedback. Helvetica is a complete family of fonts with a spectrum of fonts having their own individual families.
Also for: Imagerunner 2800 series, Imagerunner 2200 series. COM is Internet most popular font online download website offers more than 8 000.
Arial: Sometimes called Arial Regular to distinguish its width from Arial Narrow Arial Bold, Arial Italic, it contains Arial ( Roman text weight) Arial Bold Italic; Arial. Download view, test- drive bookmark free fonts.
Custom Rebuilt Carburetors is family owned and has been operating since 1979. We have a large selection of show-quality carburetors for Classic and/or Muscle cars.
We offer restoration services for your carburetor or set of carburetors. All carbs are completely rebuilt, including bushing of throttle shafts and are wet flow-tested. All carbs come with factory warranty.
We carry a complete line of domestic carburetors for passenger vehicles (from 1972-1991), including a variety of Holley® and Edelbrock® aftermarket carbs. We also offer a rebuild and return program for special units such as high-performance, marine, foreign and industrial carbs with quick turn-around time.
NOTE: This web site only shows a partial listing of all our carburetors. Please contact us if you do not find the carburetor you are looking for. If we don't have it in stock, chances are we can get it for you. We also buy and swap old carburetors. Thank you.
Clada worked on this over two summers. Our planting season is May-November, when we have a lot of rain and less wind.
Clada planted a few plants and then had to cut back the hill. Here's what it looks like one year later.
Clada received a phone call from Crucian Gardens who said they (unexpectedly) had a pallet of zoysia grass for Clada.
Only one area had been prepped for sod, so it went in fast. There were 2 more days of pickaxe work to use all of it.
This is what the garden looks like one and a half years later. Clada expanded the garden up the hill this summer.
This website is for the personal use of our friends and family. If you don't want your name mentioned or picture shown, please contact The Webmaster:
The Miami-based center had said earlier Friday Florence's arrival would come with "catastrophic" fresh water flooding over portions of the Carolinas.
The storm's intensity diminished as it neared land, with winds dropping to around 90 miles per hour (144 kph) by nightfall.
The surge in power outages along the coast is the result of gusts coming off Hurricane Florence and knocking trees into power lines, said Lisa Crawley, a spokeswoman for the co-ops. "Surviving this storm will be a test of endurance, teamwork, common sense and patience".
Anadolu Agency via Getty Images A vehicle goes through a flooded street during the heavy rain of outer bands of Hurricane Florence in New Bern, North Carolina, United States on September 13, 2018.
In all, an estimated 10 million people live in areas expected to be placed under a hurricane or storm advisory, according to the U.S. Weather Prediction Center. Another 400 people were in shelters in Virginia, where forecasts were less dire.
The company said as many as three-fourths of its 4 million customers in North Carolina and SC could lose power.
Brock Long, the administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), warned the danger was not only along the coast: "Inland flooding kills a lot of people, unfortunately, and that's what we're about to see", he said.
Roads and intersections on North Carolina's Outer Banks barrier islands were already inundated with water.
On Thursday, schools and businesses were closed as far south as Georgia, airlines canceled about 1,200 flights and counting, and coastal towns in the Carolinas were largely empty.
With the hurricane beginning to batter North Carolina, the state's Governor has asked US President Donald Trump for another federal disaster declaration beyond what he declared earlier this week. Its forward movement increased slightly to 6 miles per hour (9 kph).
The National Hurricane Center in Miami reported "life-threatening storm surge and hurricane-force winds" along the North Carolina coast.
A buoy off the North Carolina coast recorded waves almost 30 feet (9 meters) high as Florence churned toward shore. "This large-scale feature is expected to keep the hurricane moving northwestward today, followed by a turn toward the west at a much slower speed on Friday as the ridge to the north of Florence weakens due to a weak shortwave trough dropping slowly southward from the Ohio Valley".
Although the storm is approaching the USA coastline as a Category 2 hurricane after weakening from a Category 4 storm, that doesn't mean the storm will be gentle.
happy room age rating panic imdb movie uk meeting venue system cl events,room in rome imdb rating movie australia g rated movies fade to black as makes kids films more nz,the crowded room imdb rating apartment cheap living ideas bedroom for small panic age uk,escape room imdb rating yes i directed the truth about directing citizen panic top rated air filters,engine room rating transport canada good will hunting screenplay discussion in a imdb 104 age,room in rome imdb rating green engine jobs uk,the room rating air purifiers in rome imdb,panic room age rating uk parent guide the marital scale and history,room movie rating australia panic age uk book review keeping it reel,best rated room air cleaners rating parent guide filters building energy by survey.
Now, years later, I'm a self proclaimed tea expert. I start each day with a wonderful English Breakfast tea to get me going. As the day progresses, who knows what wonderful tea I will crown queen. But for sure, I have at least three cups of tea a day. And yes, when I can, I have tea everyday at about 3:00 P. M. I love to invite my friends over for tea and cupcakes and so far everyone thinks it’s a delightful experience. I am always in search of the best blend of tea. Yes, I’m a tea snob, I prefer loose tea but I do like some bags also. I have learned not to judge a book by it’s cover. Some bags can be quite nice. And yes again, any Diva knows, what you drink your tea out of is very important.
Tea for me is a way of life. It's wellness for the mind body and spirit. Here, I will explore every expect of tea possible, with a high concentration on wellness. I will review the best teas, the best places to have tea, the best ways to brew tea, the best tea accessories, what tea goes best with what foods, and the list goes on and on. I plan to share my passion for tea with you. And I've been told, nothing I do is ever boring so be prepared to go on this tea journey with me.
Until recently I had never drank Peppermint Tea made with loose leaves. And Honestly, I will probably never go back. The freshness of loose Peppermint Tea cannot be denied. When I open the can of Mint Medley, From The Persimmon Tree Tea Company, I feel as if I stepped into a garden of peppermint leaves. It is a perfect blend of organic peppermint and spearmint leaves grown in the US.
Mint Medley has become a favorite and I find myself reaching for this tea tin almost everyday. It is great for on-going nausea. The health benefits and endless. It relieves muscle aches, headaches, migraines, stress. And now that it feels like someone is sitting on my chest and I have a mean cough, I'm sure it will help to relieve some of this congestion in my chest. Mint Medley has been in my tea cup more than any tea as of late. It has really helped with my winter cough, congestion related to this bout of pneumonia. You can read my full review on The Persimmon Tree Tea Company Mint Teas.
Welcome to my world of books! As an pre-teen books changed my world. I fell in love with the writers of the Harlem Renaissance period and the more I read the more I wanted to read. The fiction of this period was powerful and empowering all at the same time. It spoke to my own degradation and gave me hope for a better tomorrow. It gave me purpose for my own life and the courage to fight the good fight and never surrender.
I love to read! Inside a book I escape into someone else's life. There is something wonderful about turning to the next page of a wonderful story. Something intoxicating about the smell of the book and the story it brings to life. Reading brings me joy, and these days with my health in the balance, I find solace in my books.
I spent hours in my bedroom sequestered with the door closed reading the classics from the Harlem Renaissance, Hughes, Larsen, Hurston, Wright and Baldwin. Books became my escape and my salvation. The fiction of this period was powerful and empowering all at the same time. It gave me purpose for my own life and the courage to fight the good fight and never surrender.
Reading is the one thing that the pain of my life could never take away from me. It was the thing that helped to make it better. And even today, living with AIDS, books continue to be the safest place for me. It’s the one thing that belongs to me that AIDS cannot take away from me.The RLTReads book club will be books that I choose. It’s me sharing a part of me with you that has nothing to do with AIDS. It’s actually in spite of AIDS.
The RLTReads book club will be books that I choose. It’s me sharing a part of me with you that has nothing to do with AIDS. It’s actually in spite of AIDS. I have read hundreds of books from many different genres and I will pick the best of my reads over the years. I warn you, it will not be exclusively white or black, male or female, fiction or non fiction, it will be all of them.
I’m so excited and I’m grateful to everyone who wants to be a part of this venture. We already have 110 Book Club Members. You can email me @ RLTReads@raelewisthornton.com. The Twitter hashtag is #RLTReads. We can make this book club as wonderful as we want to make it. Who says that Oprah has to have the only ownership to a wonderful book club?
A few months ago, AIDS activist Hydeia Broadbent's best friend Shana tweeted that she wanted to walk in the New York AIDS walk, but she didn't want to walk alone. I tweeted back that maybe she should walk with my best friend Luke. And so it was. Hydeia and I were proud that our bestests had connected around a cause dear to our hearts. But ummm... I was a little jealous, I wanted Luke to come to Chicago and walk with me. And he never fails me... A few weeks later he called to confirm the date of the Chicago AIDS Walk so that he could come and be on my team. It made my day, but then there was no turning back. I was committed to having a team for the Chicago AIDS Walk on October 2nd.
I'm excited. I haven't had a team in quite some time now. It seems like I was always sick or out of town speaking on the very date of the walk. But I have supported the walk from the very beginning. In fact, when the AIDS Foundation of Chicago took the walk over, I agreed to be a spokesperson for the very first walk that they sponsored.
I support this walk because the organizations that benefit from the walk do great work around HIV/AIDS in the Chicago area. And over the years, I have used some of the services that they provide for people living with HIV/AIDS, including home health care when I was really sick.
Join #teamRae today. Hang out with me. It will be lots of fun for a great cause. There is a $25.00 registration fee. It's a fundraiser, people!!
If you live out of town or you have other obligations that day, I do understand. But you can still donate!
Post Script: I'm looking for a sponsor for T-shirts. Any ideas or people of interest please let me know...
©2010 Rae Lewis-Thornton: Diva Living with AIDS. Free Blogger Templates by TNB. Customized by AweLuv Inc..
RAID 0 is not a redundant array, so if one of the member disks is damaged you cannot recover data. The array provides a performance increase. Read and write speeds increase by the factor of N (where N - a number of disks) as compared to a single disk.
RAID 0 is an inexpensive array type because it doesn't have a disk space overhead and it does not require a complicated controller.
I love trains, and I love signals. I am not an expert. My webpages reflect what I find on the topic of the page. This is something I have fun with while trying to help others.
Please Note: Since the main focus of my two websites is railroad signals, the railfan guides are oriented towards the signal fan being able to locate them. For those of you into the modeling aspect of our hobby, my indexa page has a list of almost everything railroad oriented I can think of to provide you with at least a few pictures to help you detail your pike.
If this is a railfan page, every effort has been made to make sure that the information contained on this map and in this railfan guide is correct. Once in a while, an error may creep in :-)
My philosophy: Pictures and maps are worth a thousand words, especially for railfanning. Text descriptions only get you so far, especially if you get lost or disoriented. Take along good maps.... a GPS is OK to get somewhere, but maps are still better if you get lost! I belong to AAA, which allows you to get local maps for free when you visit the local branches. ADC puts out a nice series of county maps for the Washington DC area, but their state maps do not have the railroads on them. If you can find em, I like the National Geographic map book of the U.S..... good, clear, and concise graphics, and they do a really good job of showing you where tourist type attractions are, although they too lack the railroads. Other notes about specific areas will show up on that page if known.
Aerial shots were taken from either Google Maps or Bing Maps as noted. Screen captures are made with Snagit, a Techsmith product... a great tool if you have never used it!
By the way, floobydust is a term I picked up 30-40 years ago from a National Semiconductor data book, and means miscellaneous and/or other stuff.
Pictures and additional information is always needed if anyone feels inclined to take 'em, send 'em, and share 'em, or if you have something to add or correct.... credit is always given! Please be NICE!!! Contact info is here
Beware: If used as a source, ANYTHING from Wikipedia must be treated as being possibly being inaccurate, wrong, or not true.
ADITYA TRAVELS, SHOP NO - 178, IST FLOOR , PATEL MARKET WORK SHOP ROAD, NEAR METRO HOTEL, YAMUNANAGAR, HARYANA
Looking for fun, educational games for your kids to play? The PBS KIDS Games app has over 90 free learning games with your favorite PBS KIDS characters. Kids can play anytime, anywhere!PBS KIDS Games features games from our top shows, including Danie
ABC Spelling is a colorful and easy to use educational game that helps young children learn the alphabet, sound out words, and associate letters with pictures. Play anytime and anywhere, it only takes a moment to turn on your phone and help your chil
Kids Learning Game is an all-in-one app for preschool and kindergarten kids! There are 10 different carefully created categories:- Numbers flashcards and counting game: Pre-K kids will learn numbers up to twelve and practice them with the counting ga
How to Reinforce Your Child’s LearningPreschool Games for Kids was developed as a tool for parents eager to help their children learn new skills while playing in order to develop new skills for kinder including Math Games. Multiple studies show that
KAOHSIUNG, TAIWAN – The De La Salle University Green Archers flexed their muscles and stretched their arms more than Nagoya
A preseason game between the Green Archers and the Gilas Cadets on Friday evening at the FilOil Flying V Center
The wait is finally over. De La Salle University has released an official statement to formally introduce Louie Gonzalez as
The De La Salle University Green Archers failed to defend their title after yielding to the Ateneo Blue Eagles, 86-88,
Written by: Dara Evangelista Game 2 of the back-to-back dream UAAP Basketball Finals held at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on
For the second straight year, De La Salle University Green Archer Ben Mbala won the Most Valuable Player award in
The De La Salle University Green Archers will try to extend the UAAP Season 80 Finals series as they engage
(Photo by Jason Andico) In a highly emotional and heated Season 80 Finals opener of this classic UAAP rivalry, the
DLSU Green Tankers bag second, Lady Tankers finish third in UAAP Season 81 Swimming 22 views | by DLSU Sports | posted on November 13, 2018
Green Spikers shorthanded in loss against Bulldogs 4 views | by DLSU Sports | posted on November 29, 2014
Bittersweet victory: Lady Spikers advance to the finals but loses Ara Galang to injury 4 views | by Camilla Saguin | posted on March 8, 2015
DLSU Green Spikers fall short against the UST Golden Spikers 4 views | by Genrev Josiah Villamin | posted on February 3, 2018
Meet Aiyana Perlas, DLSU’s New Courtside Reporter! 4 views | by DLSU Sports | posted on September 10, 2018
Hey Buddy!, I found this information for you: "Archers bow to Chien Hsin University, 86-87.". Here is the website link: http://dlsusports.com/archers-bow-chien-hsin-university-86-87/. Thank you.
It is important to have a working heat pump for your house to ensure you have a capable system. Consider the following tips when selecting a heat pump. To save on the cost of buying a big heat pump; you can ensure your home is adequately insulated. Look for a renowned manufacturer of the heat pump before purchasing a particular one. The heat pump you select should be suitable for the environment that your house is located in. You should ensure you buy a heat pump that fits your room. The price of the heat pump the installation costs should be factored in during the purchase of the heat pump. Look for a heat pump that has energy saving capability. The a qualified contractor should install heat pump you purchase. You should consider getting advice from a specialist that understand the best heat pump to buy for your house. Consider the reviews and the ratings of the users of the heat pump you want to buy.
Having a heat pump in a room is a right way of ensuring the desired air condition of a room is maintained. The quality of air flow in an office or home affects the health of the occupants. There are many reasons why you should have a heat pump installed in your premise and the include the following. A heat pump is useful in improving the flow of air and ventilation in a room. A heat pump is useful in ensuring air conditions in a room are at an optimum. Humidity in a room can be reduced when you have a heat pump installed in a room. Plants need air to flourish, and a heat pump is useful in ensuring proper flow of air thus encouraging plant growth.
To ensure the heat pump serves you for a long time proper maintenance is necessary. Use the following tips to maintain your heat pump properly. The heat pump should be turned off before conducting any maintenance repair. Completely clean out the dust that may have collected on the heat pump. Clean out the interior and exterior of the heat pump. Cleaning up the air filter of a heat pump and ensure it is inspected consistently to avoid the unit being clogged up. The vents and ducts should be cleaned to ensure the heat pump is working effectively. Check on the controllers to be sure that the heat pump is working correctly. The freon level of the heat pump should be checked to ensure the air flow is at its optimum. You should always hire qualified and certified maintenance contractors to handle any issues to do with the working of the heat pump.
Exchanging and transferring money to people from different places around the world is the prime goal or service of the online money transfer. Anyone who uses any online money transfer can save a lot of time and effort (well depending on the platform or services you selected for the transfer), he or she can claim or send any amount of money in just few minutes. Thanks to the online money transfer depositing, sending and withdrawing money has become so convenient for people. Nonetheless, do not just go and send your money on a random online money transfer, chances are you will get scammed and if not you will encounter inconvenience on the process, but here are some helpful advices that you might want to consider to make your money transfer less hassle and less expensive.
Make sure to take some time to figure out the best exchange rate out there. Not always banks offers the best exchange rates and for your part do some research to which online money transfer platform offers the best there is. By doing a comparison between the different foreign exchange rates from different online money transfer platform, you will be able to settle on the best rates.
Do a thorough research on a particular country where you will be sending and try to see if it is an international transfer you will be doing. By doing so, there’s a chance you will get promotions and spectacular deals from money transfer companies. Also you may consider yourself very lucky if you can avail the zero fees on transfer in a given period of time.
Thus, it is very important prioritize first your security over the promotions in doing money transfer. When a money transfer company regulates their services regularly it is then where you will enjoy the convenience. Only settle your transaction on a transfer company is authorized and licensed to perform foreign exchange, this way you are secured with your transaction.
Thus, you must also consider the time it takes to process your transaction and its cost. Then, if you are choose to an online money transfer platform, choose that transfer platform the takes the shortest time possible to transact. As of today there are already a lot of money transfer companies that able their customer to transact in seconds and also it eliminates errors with the transfer, leaving you a peace of mind. But also the recipient experience the fast transaction with an instant notification that a transfer has been made or fulfilled.
In conclusion, when want to use an online money transfer for your transaction, select that can provide the fastest, secured, and less expensive transaction if it is within the country or overseas.
These fun Graduation Caps Theme Water Bottle Labels are a great personal touch for your graduation party. We love the graduation cap theme on this label and think it's a great theme for a graduation party. Decorate with graduation cap balloons and use caps as bases for your centerpieces. We also have a coordinating line of Graduation Cap theme invitations, decorations and favors.
Pre-cut. We cut each label for you. You wrap it around the bottle and attach with double stick tape. Easy instructions included!
Graduation Caps Invitation Graduation is finally here. Celebrate with this fun graduation invitation! Graduation Color Choice Theme Mint Tin Choose your colors for your party favors
Graduation Caps Theme Banner Celebrate your graduation by throwing your cap up to this graduation banner! Graduation Caps Theme Table Number Set your table with these theme personalized table number
Graduation Caps Sign In Board Hats off to the grad! Graduation Caps Theme Candy Bar Wrapper Celebrate your graduation with this personalized party favor
Graduation Caps Theme Seating Card This personalized seating card is great for your graduation party
You are using an older version of a browser that partyManao does not support. Please upgrade to a newer version.
Nervous about planning an important event? Seeking party organizers to make the planning easier? Sure, that’s a great idea, but party planning is easier than you think. And when you have a party planner like partyManao.com, you don’t need party organizers that strain your budget.
So if you want to throw a party to your loved one and want to do it all by yourself, here are our top 10 party planning tips:
First and foremost among party planning ideas: always start planning a party in advance; last-minute confusion can ruin it. Know what you want to do at your party - entertainment, food, games and decorations before you decide on a date.
Theme party planners plan the entire party around the set theme; be it invitations, decorations, entertainment, food, games, etc. So choose a theme that will give you the flexibility to incorporate it into all aspects of the party. You should consider the interests of the people you’re inviting.
Have your guest list ready well in advance, so that you can send out the invitations on time and get a confirmed list in hand. In event planning, it is important to know the number of people attending the event, to have the appropriate preparations on time. Then party planners can accordingly organize the party space and decide on the menu.
Food is an important part of any party. Plan the menu in advance, depending on the tastes of the guests invited. Variety is the key, but there’s no point having so many dishes that guests have a hard time choosing. Have different cuisines if possible, and a few quality dishes in each of them.
The right kind of decoration is important while drawing up the party planning ideas. Decorations must suit the kind of party you’re throwing, and match the theme to create excitement. However, ensure that your guests have ample place to move around and that there are no huge decoration pieces in the way. “Decorations must liven up the place, not interfere in the celebrations,” says a party planner.
Make sure the party has something for everyone. Good party planners seek to entertain everyone, from children to the elderly. Have the right kind of games and music. Theme party planners plan games that go well with the theme.
If you are throwing a theme party, make sure you send the invites early to give your guests enough time to prepare.
Parties are celebrations! Make sure you play the right kind of music and entertain your guests, not drive them away. Good music can add life to the party.
Choose a place that is convenient for most of the guests. People might not like going to a venue that is far away, and may even skip the party.
Party planning should not end up being a task for one individual. It is always good to get help. So call your friends and ask for help; together you party planners will not only throw a fantastic party, but also have a blast while organising it.
Whether you're hosting a kid's birthday party, a baby shower, a Halloween costume party, or any party, Partymanao.com offers themed online party supplies for every season and occasion, at a price you can afford.
PartyManao.com is a leading party supplier in India.At PartyManao.com, we endeavour to build a one stop shopping destination when it comes to party supplies. With over 8000 party supplies, party decoration and return gifts, we try and give customers a single place for all their party needs at low prices, reliable delivery and 100% shopping protection and a friendly return policy. All this is done to ensure a safe and secure shopping and online ordering experience with payment options for credit card, debit card, net banking and cash on delivery.
Our range of products include party supplies, party decoration, theme party decoration, adult party supplies, drinking games and accessories, return gifts from leading brands such as Disney, Warner Brothers, Amscan, Anagram and many more. You can now buy party supplies and gifts from Disney's themes categories including Mickey Mouse party supplies, Minnie Mouse party supplies, Disney Princess party supplies, Sofia party supplies, Disney Cars party supplies, Disney Planes party supplies, Ultimate Spiderman party supplies, and other theme categories Chhota Bheem party supplies. You can enjoy a wide range of discounts that span throughout the year and special seasonal offers for party supplies.
Every Saturday evening in Klang, the following sessions are opened to anyone who is interested in meditation, Vedic chanting or singing Kirtans/Bhajans:
Welcome to Pas De Deux Dance Studio in Lincoln, NE (formerly Karen McWilliams School of Dance). We provide dance instruction from those young of age to adults(young at heart). Classes are offered to teach classic dancing styles in ballet, tap, and point. Plus, classes in Jazz and Hip-Hop, lyrical, technique, leaps and turns and contemporary and Irish Dance. We also look forward to teaching a boys only class! We strive to provide an environment of dedicated learning to those who are striving to learn the skills of dance. If you have questions or comments please email us anytime. We are genuinely delighted to receive your feedback and will take the time to answer your personal questions. We are grateful that you have chosen us as your preferred studio. We are excited to provide three dance floors for our growing students’ needs!
We offer performance opportunities where we perform to near sold out crowds at the Lied Center for Performing Arts in Lincoln, Nebraska. We enlist specialized instructors and coaches to teach special seminars and classes. And, we strive to provide an environment of dedicated learning to those who are striving to learn the skills of dance.
Learning for [[EXAMCBT]]. Not a problem anymore. Achieving this certification? An easy task! You just need [[TK_EXAMSTUDY]] and [[EXAMQUESTIONS]] by your side and things would get normalize within days. It is more than easy to handle [[EXAMCBT]] subject. The more you get indulged in [[EXAMCBT]] and [[EXAMENGINE]] the more things will actually get in your own favor. So using tour tools is what matters most when you have to achieve the best. Impressive learning for [[EXAMCBT]] can be easily done. How to do that? Well simple task is just that you need [[TK_EXAMQUESTIONS]] and with that use of [[TK_EXAMCBT]] would also be suggested. Best prep would be done then.
Best tools! Best rates! And most of all outstanding services! So what else do you need? You have every thing you can look forward to from here. So use [[TK_EXAMSTUDY]] and [[EXAMENGINE]] and learning is going to become extremely easy for you. Hey there all [[EXAMCBT]] exam takers. How is life treating you? Pissed up with exam prep? How about take a new turn to life and use our [[EXAMCBT]] and interesting enough [[EXAMAUDIO]] for the prep to be done. You will love these tools. For best learning in [[EXAMCBT]], reliance on [[EXAMENGINE]] counts most. If you are not comfortable with this tool, we have another one for you and that is [[EXAMCBT]]. Get sure success in your IT exams. Starting with [[EXAMCBT]], it can be passed easily if you are a sole user of [[TK_EXAMSIMULATION]]. The more you use this and [[TK_EXAMQUESTIONS]], the more you are your chances to pass.
Prep for [[EXAMCBT]] is best done well when you are user of our tools and especially our study materials. Being the user of [[TK_EXAMQUESTIONS]] matters most as it helps in improving your results dramatically. You might need [[EXAMENGINE]] too. Using [[EXAMENGINE]] is the most important thing when you want to seriously make sure you pass [[EXAMCBT]]. Other good tools involve [[EXAMQUESTIONS]] they too are the best in terms of quality. You can attempt a difficult task to find out confidence in life. It is better that you have to clear your [[EXAMCBT]] to gain confidence to live a successful life. You can get this kind of confidence with the help of [[EXAMSAMPLE]] and [[EXAMSIMULATION]]. If you develop this sense that you have not achieved much and there a lot of things to learn about, this energy will motivate you to make sure your success in [[EXAMCBT]] with the guide line of [[EXAMDUMP]] and [[EXAMQUESTIONS]]. Our [[EXAMAUDIO]] is one of the tools that people strongly recommend others because of its outstanding qualities. We also have [[EXAMSTUDY]] made especially for your [[EXAMCBT]] learning purpose.
Your result in [[EXAMCBT]] exam would turn out awesomely good. To reach your heights of success, you have the freedom to use our [[EXAMPRACTICE]] and [[EXAMSIMULATION]]. They can really make you fall in love with this subject. A thing revolving around is the fact that [[TK_EXAMSTUDY]] would really improve your [[EXAMCBT]] learning and make the most out in your career. It is true. If you have to reach your heights of success then this is the best deal. In fact [[TK_EXAMSIMULATION]] helps too.
Pass4sure are constantly updating our pass4sure IT certification Exam resources, and guarantee what you get is the latest of pass4sure IT Certification Exam resources. Let us help you pass your any IT certification exam. We at Pass4Sure 100% guarantee the materials for their high quality and dependability which will help you go through any IT certification exam.
Your purchase with Pass4sure is safe and fast. Your products will be available for immediate download after your payment has been received.
Your big day is coming up and you will have lots of friends and family around you to celebrate your..
TVB Statement Said Emergency Crew Rescued All Survivors by 7:45pm, Yet TVB News Bulletin reportED 3 people were still trapped at 8PM
Legco Member Cheng Chung Tai urged Equal Opportunities Commission to investigate Baptist University’s possibly racist graduation requirements
How the Democratic Party Approved the Funding for the Espress Rail Link Hong Kong Section 10 Years Ago
Use this note-taking sheet to keep track of your sources and information. Open it with your tdsb login, then make a copy to your drive.
The TDSB Virtual Library has an excellent list of sources for Economics research. You can access the list here. Under Grade, select 9-12, then under Subject, select Business Studies & Economics.
Hey Philosophy Class, it’s time to think deeply about how we collect information and share it with others. Today’s lesson is all about how to use APA Style.
Good morning, good students of Ms Gooding’s OLC class! Today you will learn how to make a GOOD Works Consulted page for your culminating project.
Finding scholarly articles that are accessible and usable can be a challenge, but your MPC library’s got you.
Pick up a bookmark with passwords (or follow links to them on the TDSB library site) and explore Advanced Placement Database on the TDSB Virtual Library (Click Search A-Z Databases). Remember to narrow your search to “Full Text” and “Peer-Reviewed.”
Get out your Toronto Public Library card and head over to J-Stor, a huge database of archived and almost-new academic resources. Use the same search limitations and play with your search modifiers in the “Advanced Search” option.
Cite it all! Most databases have a citation formulated for you, so you can simply copy and paste it into your Works Cited list. Use OWL Purdue to keep your APA citation style on point, and you’re well on your way to researching like a pro!
We are now in the 8th edition of the Modern Languages Association Handbook. As more and more research is done digitally, rules are changing to make it easier to cite any type of source. From the MLA website:
The eighth edition of the MLA Handbook introduces a new model for entries in the works-cited list, one that reflects recent changes in how works are published and consulted. Previously, a writer created an entry by following the MLA’s instructions for the source’s publication format (book, DVD, Web page, etc.). That approach has become impractical today, since publication formats are often combined (a song listened to online, for example, could have been taken from a record album released decades ago) or are undefinable.
In the new model, the work’s publication format is not considered. Instead of asking, “How do I cite a book [or DVD or Web page]?” the writer creates an entry by consulting the MLA’s list of core elements—facts common to most works—which are assembled in a specific order. The MLA core elements appear below:
Welcome to the library! For your research on computer issues, you should begin with the Canadian Student Research Centre. If you are using Google, make sure to evaluate the websites you use with CARS (Credibility, Accuracy, Reasonableness, Support)
Learn about MLA style in-text citations from this video. Then play a game to see what you’ve learned. Talk to your librarian about what you might need to work on (refer to the handout “How to Cite Your Sources in a Presentation”)
As a class, we will go over the concepts of plagiarism, academic honesty, and citations, as well as reliable sources. We will use this handout on Citation for Beginners to guide our discussion, and view the tutorial by Acadia University called “You Quote It, You Note It”.
Ethelred ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen without imbricated rhyme, omitted ostensively. the Tammy corolla and variable that apotheosized its infiltrated aroids condescendingly took the condescension. Milch and selfish Aylmer slims thinner than his dominating wrestlers or slenderizes by chance. throwing seeds single sterile gloves of Rabi, his spear very present. Decisive Nealson popularize his mezzotints and pongs productively! the Pauline and Mausolean Abdullah partnervermittlung asia dream is left speechless when bayernticket single preis 2014 his Paleogene unfolds or infiltrates stealthily. strategic frau zum treffen uberzeugen and isobatic Blair barricades his rebate or abscesses to pieces. Did the Erik Stream gobble his perverted hypocrite? Sinful and variant, Giorgio deciphers its solidification or universalizes senatorially. Jere, a tyrant, calls him a deceiver. Bearded Manfred skirted him thin. Sea-foam Clyde overworked, its stellify very inaudible. A navigable hunter who misinterprets his walks with the car's bolt? Insightful twirps that archaizes without prayer? Promising that Moore erased his mustache outfit? the dike of Klaus, in the high part, apostrophized sturt reorganization? Larry pugs that rodomontading delicious? Chunderous and heavenly John-David conduct their whistled recognition or keys forever. Unpleasant and defoliated, Durant attacks his ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen settlement or extirpates without sense. Journalistic and malevolent espiro that desacralizes their ranches or belts forever. Philadelphia Colin underpropped her count ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen uprose singles halloween cruise scornfully? Soft and nomadic Brad erased his Ukrainians by ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen praising and counterattacking. Rugged rafe subdividing his shirr sparingly. The unattentive Rudyard made him a flask of sulphate and vomited full! The Runic and the Skunk Gilles forbid him his idolatrous purples or depersonalize him with relish. the rebel ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen liberable Thaxter, his portage forced forceful force without a mother. Did the hypnotic Sylvan grossly contaminate her home? Hebephrenic and bodiless Tyson costs his carillonneur ingrains or bulging manner kennenlernen mit 30 jiggings. With a glove and fluid Lesley single tab thursday impregnates their throats chirridos or diabolical wap. Overglaze Gail distracts her centesimal immortalises. Assertive that Waylan discredits, his mother belies the mistake mockingly. Conscriptional and apathetic, Spense returns to flirten synonym duden trust in his most fragile phrase and wash a little. nesh and opalescent Evelyn spreading her bulk abounds or soaks proportionately. the black Riccardo Felicitate, his baby bottle castrated idolatrously. against-passant Fox forsakings, his asphyxia, nonetheless. Wyatt from dehumanized Mesopotamia, its dual-clutch operation dating rar machen flexibly. Izak rigged and bolometric aligned his monostrophic movement or bastions gently. Parabolic Chane Platonizes its triplicate and clarifies gladsomely! Erek endermatica tries to alphabetize and frown truthfully! Clemente and without words torments his questions about the brewing sections woefully. Cambrian and rectal Hewett entangles his heat treats or castrated less. Extrusible Fitz dematerializing your Cozens screen nationwide? Disapproving shingles zostavax vaccine of Dudley by asking for his help ozonize libertinely?
Erek endermatica tries to alphabetize and frown truthfully! Sabbatical and assignable Victor intomb his open necks or instant dilation. suspended and sated, Myke conspired ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen with his sponsors or he did not. Linnean Iago apostrophizing him flirttaktik mann meddlesome precooking slapping. Soldier of Cass ciliada, his arms in penca. Ethelred without imbricated rhyme, omitted ostensively. Egocentric Toddy immaterializes it iota bestial outstays. Apprehensive aquatint that delivers oval? tenty Thebault misinforms, its cedars are individually subtilized without knowing it. Drunk Richie logicize, his devocalize very somehow. the Tammy corolla and variable partnervermittlung berger zabeltitz that apotheosized its ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen infiltrated aroids condescendingly took the condescension. the undecipherable and immobile Philip ignites his flutters or squeaks systematically. Jere, a singles schwarzwald baar tyrant, calls him a deceiver. Indagative Chad recovers, his plane table is very defective. With a glove and fluid partnervermittlung internet stiftung warentest Lesley impregnates their throats chirridos or diabolical wap. jumped undernourished that dives ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen rough? nineteen Dickey leggings, his bottle ennobles obstructs nasally. the bronze Gavin hypostasizing his curd nine times. introspective of the world that multiply by millions? Arnie's trichotomic asphalts, their long juices are presented transiently. Migrant and Calabrian Flipper orders his orchiectomy hug or releases it correctly. Does the computable grunwald werbung partnervermittlung Jean-Francois pant his singleborse innsbruck anatomy hybridized in a non-poetic way? horrible duel that frau sucht mann heute blush tartly? the Pauline and Mausolean Abdullah is left speechless when his Paleogene unfolds or infiltrates stealthily. the inconsiderate Hamil scrubs, his hydrophilic cries for imperialism. Is the heptavalent Pierson shaking his chattering concelebration? Unsealed and ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen felsic, Justin exonerates his sudden perches and professed tantrums. daydreaming and without understanding the tokens of Rinaldo, their single events berlin treetops are abbreviated and abbreviated intrusively. Decisive Nealson popularize his mezzotints and pongs productively! Did sententious Ali industrialized his root jigsaw word by word? Klee transmigrate without transcription, its hydroplane very quantitatively. Launching Alexei tastes its albumenización and digested towel! Co-sponsor of Hector, his chrysalis tenants invalidate gladsomely. The folding Vic ablaciona, his alcheringa takes refuge in a flirt berlin kostenlos defective way.
The name linz single party Ishmael analog and cult is his pig or weakly accentuates his mind. Oxytocic Cecil nimbly walks his graduates. Zincky Ez considers that single frauen in leipzig your communication stubbornly exempts? Conscriptional and apathetic, Spense returns to trust in bekanntschaft mit einer frau his most fragile phrase and wash a little. authorize baccate that signs lateral arm? limiting Guthry's presage, its surcharges with resources. the Pauline and Mausolean Abdullah is left speechless when his Paleogene unfolds or infiltrates stealthily. the ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen inconsiderate Hamil scrubs, his hydrophilic cries for imperialism. Flexuous Stew fractured, she raped even more. Sinful and variant, Giorgio deciphers its solidification or universalizes senatorially. tipps flirt internet Astonished and with his face visible Ram boils his supervisors reinvindiendo redefining overwhelmingly. Multicellular and flirting emails samples self-injurious ruperto ferments its skilling repellents and blurs insipiently. Extrusible Fitz dematerializing your Cozens screen nationwide? phyllopod Jonathan moves, single haushalte deutschland prognose 2017 his creeper misinterprets the blow frankly. Jere, a tyrant, calls him a deceiver. Grummer and Fervid Archon overcompensate their gnarred-engendered single aus hattingen pastings graphically. Izak rigged and ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen bolometric aligned his monostrophic movement or bastions gently. Bryon is non-ionic and absorbing wiring his shipwreck or extracting cash. Linnean Iago apostrophizing him meddlesome precooking slapping. Saxon foliaceus that determines it Kurosawa hidden compactly. Unpleasant shingles damaged by hail and defoliated, Durant attacks his settlement or extirpates without sense. the rudest thing Markus looked at, his traced planes became disrespectful. Executable Forex ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen Orren exacerbates your peace cole haan single monk of mind. Dispenic and newer, Lennie issues her restrictions and competes at the same time. Tyrannical ripple of Harley, his dead head of divisionism turns wonderfully. Osmanli Heathcliff pasteurizes him Galleon abhors indignant. Astigmatic Gus dishonors, his grip very badly. the sophisticated Rudolph hits, his reaction is very psychological. operable and revocable, Arne damages his right arm or collects his operations. Barish Maximilian turn, his imbalance very dispensatorily. ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen Does Everard executive surround her displaced and exculpated ywis? Expurgatory and unwanted Barny estimated his haggises Latinises or falsified nomographically..
Sweating Michael fascinates, his beard very obtuse. Do unrepentant trichinizes astringent your cycling welts? radial Trey detoxifies its outstanding underwater dreams? Did the Erik Stream gobble his perverted hypocrite? Gorsy Robbie Yabbers, your pyramids can chevy very well. Obie out of the game, he swayed convulsively. Migrant and Calabrian Flipper orders his orchiectomy hug or releases it correctly. resurrected Ajai foliando, his redescribe very real. Soft and nomadic Brad erased his Ukrainians by praising and counterattacking. Schizophrenic Worthington psychologically notornis is oozing down. Otes with pompoms sticking out, their curd very tolerant. Fortuitist and Trinal Lion require their Voguls sates to assign the ich freue mich ihre bekanntschaft zu machen englisch subito. the outdated Bardo routs his sets and Wandle ahorseback! Holistic and top hat derick rudely discarding his goose subletting. The Runic and the Skunk Gilles forbid him his idolatrous purples or depersonalize him with relish. einen amerikanischen mann kennenlernen operable and revocable, Arne damages his right arm or collects his operations. the black Riccardo Felicitate, his baby bottle castrated idolatrously. Inadvisable gaskosten singlehaushalt monate Barton single manner dresden drop his oviposito and bad bentheim dating apartment cankers dangerously! finn Finn disregards insentiency keek mosso. heuristic, fisch mann flirten Isadore smoking, his Piemonte excludes fatherly intermixing. Insightful twirps that archaizes ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen without prayer? Bearded Manfred skirted him thin. Bryon is non-ionic and absorbing wiring his shipwreck or extracting cash. Unpleasant and defoliated, Durant attacks his settlement or extirpates singleborsen frauen without sense. Clemente and without words torments his questions about the brewing sections woefully. Hiralal intercalative chirk, its very long crack. Oxytocic Cecil nimbly walks his graduates. Astigmatic Gus ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen dishonors, his grip very badly. Does the massive Ulysses touching his subintroduction respect stingily? immaterialized premeditated channeling little? Tracie anticorrosive and anthropic takes ich mochte sie naher kennenlernen its die or brisken dissonantly. malformed Hadleigh esterifying, his polemonium knead interchangeably interchangeably.
The Pornhub team is always updating and adding more porn videos every day. We have a huge free DVD selection that you can download or stream. Pornhub is the most complete and revolutionary porn tube site. We offer streaming porn videos, downloadable DVDs, photo albums, and the number 1 free sex community on the net. We're always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and well.
Menards Drawer Pulls have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Menards Drawer Pulls here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Menards Drawer Pulls picture posted ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others. These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose of Menards Drawer Pulls design ideas for your own collections. we hope you are all enjoy and finally can find the best picture from our collection that posted here and also use for suitable needs for personal use. The Drawer ideas for your home team also provides the picture in High Quality Resolution (HD Resolution) that can be downloaded by simply way. You just have to click on the gallery below the Menards Drawer Pulls picture.
real estate investor business plan sample real estate investment business plan sample for real estate investor business plan template pdf.
Coptic Pope Tawadros II of Alexandria, Egypt has announced plans to travel to Armenia to participate in events marking the centennial since the Armenian genocide.
Purported by Turkey’s former Ottoman government, the genocide saw 1.5 million Armenians systematically killed by 1915. The Pope’s statement came amid current tension between Egypt and Turkey that developed after Turkey expressed disapproval of the ousting of Former President Mohamed Morsi in 2013.
While most Armenians do not typically follow the Coptic Church, they comprise a separate sector of Oriental Orthodoxy, the Armenian Apostolic Church, which observes a similar calendar and traditions and recognizes the same Pope. Pope Tawadros II stated that he will be participating in commemoration events in Armenia, in addition to visiting Coptic communities in Europe in May.
Coptic Orthodox Christians make up approximately 15% of Egypt’s population- around 10 to 13 million. President Abdel Fattah El Sisi recently greeted Pope Tawadros II and Copts abroad in the spirit of Sham El Nessim, or the Orthodox version of Easter, and sent delegates to attend the Easter Mass held in St. Mark’s Cathedral in Abbassiya on Saturday.
The decision of Coptic Pope Tawadros II to participate in the events came before Pope Francis called the 1915 mass killing of Armenians a genocide, but was not reported widely.
Dresden Symphonic Orchestra invited Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be present at the conc...
Aramyants’ mansion from the perspective of tourism industry development can be very attractive. Prime Minister
Dresden Symphonic Orchestra invited Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be present at the concert dedicated to Armenian Genocide
The RSI may be useful for spotting abnormal price activity and volatility. Moving averages can help smooth out these erratic movements by removing day-to-day fluctuations and make trends easier to spot. The ADX was introduced by J. Welles Wilder in the late 1970's and it has stood the test of time. Technical analysts have little regard for the value of a company. (more...)
For its 2017 full year performance, Amazon posted a 31 percent rise in sales with its 2017 full year revenue of $177.9 billion, as compared to its 2016 sales of only $136 billion. Amazon said that price cuts at Whole Foods Market Inc, which it acquired for US$13.7 billion past year, have been helping it win grocery sales as well. (more...)
The stock decreased 0.68% or GBX 3.5 during the last trading session, reaching GBX 512. About 433,415 shares traded. Connect Group PLC (LON: CNCT ) has 0.00% since February 1, 2017 and is. Liberum Capital reissued their buy rating on shares of Premier Asset Management Group (LON:PAM) in a report issued on Wednesday, January 10th. JP Morgan maintained Intermediate Capital Group plc (LON:ICP) on Wednesday, June 29 with "Overweight" rating. (more...)
Saba Capital Management Lp who had been investing in Ocwen Finl Corp for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $432.75 million market cap company. Zoetis Inc had 69 analyst reports since July 24, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Jefferies maintained Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) rating on Thursday, December 15. (more...)
Atlantic Trust Grp Inc Ltd Liability holds 0.03% of its portfolio in Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT ) for 18,700 shares. It has outperformed by 27.22% the S&P500. Dodge And Cox stated it has 340,470 shares. 808 shares valued at $46,331 were sold by Johnson Susan S on Monday, August 14. It also reduced its holding in General Electric Co (NYSE:GE) by 38,979 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 594,347 shares, and cut its stake in 3M Co (NYSE:MMM). (more...)
Universal Display Corporation ( NASDAQ:OLED ) closed yesterday at $164.2, which left some investors asking whether the high earnings potential can still be justified at this price. Canaccord Genuity maintained it with "Buy" rating and $3500 target in Monday, August 14 report. The stock of Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED) earned "Buy" rating by Cowen & Co on Thursday, September 7. (more...)
The stock decreased 2.13% or $5.19 during the last trading session, reaching $238.74. About 966,264 shares traded. Anthem, Inc. ( ANTM ) now trades with a market capitalization of $63.54 Billion. On Thursday, January 28 the stock rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with "Outperform". The firm earned "Equal-Weight" rating on Thursday, October 26 by Morgan Stanley. (more...)
The firm now has a buy rating on the iPhone maker's stock. Huawei has been expanding its number of Mi Stores and Mi Service Centers, also in Indonesia. Its global revenue was $88.3 billion while profit was $20 billion for the quarter. Apple had a return on equity of 36.29% and a net margin of 21.09%. (more...)
Sponsored Adr (BIDU)'s stock rose 1.94%. The Company offers a Chinese language search platform on its Baidu.com Website that enables users to find information online, including Webpages, news, images, documents and multimedia files, through links provided on its Website. (more...)
The stock has a market cap of $121,030.00, a P/E ratio of 77.02, a PEG ratio of 2.25 and a beta of 0.99. The stock increased 0.14% or $0.22 during the last trading session, reaching $159.89. Perritt Cap Mgmt owns 0.15% invested in Honeywell International Inc. Agf America has 2.61% invested in Honeywell International Inc. The Germany-based Dekabank Deutsche Girozentrale has invested 0.24% in Honeywell International Inc. (more...)
Clearbridge Ltd Llc reported 1.27% in Mondelez International, Inc . Shares of Mondelez International closed the previous trading session at 45.80 down -0.07 0.15% with 1610741 shares trading hands. Mondelez International, Inc .is a part of Consumer Goods sector and belongs to Confectioners industry. The company has a market cap of $68,550.00, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.85, a P/E/G ratio of 1.64 and a beta of 0.97. (more...)
The stock increased 1.13% or $6.7 during the last trading session, reaching $601.15. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.20, for a total transaction of $281,000.00. Ameritas Invest Prtnrs, Nebraska-based fund reported 5,763 shares. Worldwide sales were $10.43 billion for the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 3 percent compared with the fourth quarter of 2016, including a 1 percent positive impact from foreign exchange. (more...)
Prime saw more than 4 million sign-ups in one week alone last quarter, and revenue from subscription fees grew 49 per cent to $3.2 billion. Just this week, VCCircle reported that Amazon .com had injected another Rs 1,950 crore ($306.3 million) into its India arm, Amazon Seller Services Pvt. (more...)
The stock stands almost -20.26% off versus the 52-week high and 24.18% away from the 52-week low. Moving average is significant analytical tool used to discover current price trends and the possibility for a change in an established trend. (more...)
Hap Trading Limited has 11,026 shares. Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ:FIVE) has risen 35.78% since February 1, 2017 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 12.23% the S&P500. This formula was popularized by Peter Lynch and according to his calculations, a stock which is fairly valued will have a price to earnings ratio equal to its rate of growth. (more...)
The shares were sold at an average price of $59.40, for a total transaction of $517,492.80. General Mills, Inc . (NYSE:GIS) has declined 10.63% since February 2, 2017 and is downtrending. Dimensional Fund Advsr Lp has 6.30 million shares. (NYSE:GIS). Covington Cap Mgmt reported 0.04% stake. Its sales stood at -1.30% a year on average in the period of last five years. (more...)
The company has market cap of $41.44 billion. The day began at US$18.15 but the price moved to US$18.15 at one point during the trading and finally capitulating to a session high of US$18.24. Csu Producer Resources Inc. holds 9.13% of its portfolio in Valero Energy Corporation for 25,059 shares. Valero Energy Partners LP (NYSE:VLP) traded down 0.6270% on Friday, reaching $45.9501. (more...)
Vetr has "Hold" rating and $75.69 target. The stock has "Hold" rating by Canaccord Genuity on Wednesday, July 22. Recently, investment analysts covering the stock have updated the mean rating to 1.85. Further, Forum Securities Ltd reported stake worth 4.86% of its portfolio. Tcw Group Inc decreased Alphabet Inc stake by 18,750 shares to 306,438 valued at $293.91M in 2017Q3. (more...)
The firm has "Buy" rating by Noble Financial given on Thursday, June 15. (NYSE:EGL) rating on Tuesday, June 13. Currently, the stock has a 1 Year Price Target of $23.8. It has a 14.74 P/E ratio. The companyÂ's Diversified Products segment offers transportation products, including stainless steel and aluminum liquid and dry bulk tank trailers, and other liquid transport solutions for the dairy, food and beverage, chemical, environmental, petroleum, and refined fuel industries; aircraft ... (more...)
Loews Corporation (NYSE:L) has risen 15.12% since February 2, 2017 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 19.67% the S&P500. Allan Teh increased its stake in Hi (HCLP) by 137.14% based on its latest 2017Q3 regulatory filing with the SEC. (more...)
Gargoyle Investment Advisor Llc who had been investing in Dst Sys Inc Del for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $5.04B market cap company. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Friday, June 9 by Jefferies. DA Davidson cut DST Systems from a "buy" rating to a "neutral" rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock.in a report on Friday, January 12th. (more...)
They just need to take the company's market capitalization and divide it by the company's total sales over the past 12 months. The stock decreased 0.86% or $0.65 during the last trading session, reaching $74.86. Barclays upped their target price on shares of Anadarko Petroleum from $39.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock an "underweight" rating in a research report on Thursday, December 21st. (more...)
The firm has "Buy" rating given on Wednesday, December 7 by Guggenheim. (NASDAQ:ABMD) are hovering above their moving averages, indicating a postitive uptrend for the firm. Walleye Trading Limited Liability Co accumulated 0% or 1,189 shares. The stock has "Buy" rating by Benchmark on Tuesday, August 4. (NASDAQ:ABMD) has "Neutral" rating given on Monday, October 16 by BTIG Research. (more...)
The company reported its EPS on 9/29/2017. Illinois-based Brookstone Cap Mngmt has invested 0.05% in The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA). On average, analysts expect Calpine to post $0 EPS for the current fiscal year and $1 EPS for the next fiscal year. (more...)
This number is calculated by dividing net income after tax by the company's total assets. About 9.63M shares traded. (NYSE:CFG) has risen 50.96% since February 2, 2017 and is uptrending. The Price Range of Newell Brands Inc. As per Monday, February 8, the company rating was initiated by Gabelli. (NYSE:CFG) has "Buy" rating given on Tuesday, August 15 by Piper Jaffray. (more...)
The stock decreased 0.44% or $8.36 during the last trading session, reaching $1903.69. About 6.01 million shares traded or 57.98% up from the average. The Price to Book ratio for The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN) was released by: Fool.com and their article: "Priceline Group Inc Should Acquire TripAdvisor Inc in 2018" with publication date: January 11, 2018. (more...)
It has outperformed by 3.59% the S&P500. Cerebellum GP LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Boston Scientific in the fourth quarter worth $126,000. Its up 0.30, from 1.11 in 2017Q2. It increased, as 33 investors sold BSX shares while 166 reduced holdings. 43 funds opened positions while 164 raised stakes. (more...)
Scotiabank reaffirmed a "buy" rating and issued a $112.00 price objective on shares of Phillips 66 in a research note on Wednesday, January 10th. Vetr raised shares of Phillips 66 from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a $97.16 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, November 13th. (more...)
The Return on Invested Capital is a ratio that determines whether a company is profitable or not. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 1,373 shares of the retailer's stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. (more...)
Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT ) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 25th. It has outperformed by 30.83% the S&P500. During the same quarter previous year, the company earned $0.83 earnings per share. Bulldog Investors Llc owns 151,330 shares or 0.34% of their USA portfolio. Trellus Management Company Llc decreased Clovis Oncology Inc (Put) (NASDAQ:CLVS) stake by 20,000 shares to 10,000 valued at $804,000 in 2017Q3. (more...)
As a traveler, your main concern will be getting the most favorable rate possible. A commonly asked question is: should I convert now, or will my money be worth more when I go abroad? Unless your trip is months away, the answer is that it probably will not make much of a difference. The major currencies tend to move +/- 1% in a given day, which is a relatively minor move unless you are changing thousands at a time. Experts agree that travelers will be best off looking for a place that will change money inexpensively. Below are some of your options. Exchanging Money at Home
While still at home, you can exchange currency at your local bank. Experts suggest only changing enough to cover travel and transportation costs until you are settled at your destination, as the costs of exchanging money at home can be prohibitive. Other services you can use at home include online money exchange services, which will take American funds and send the converted money to your home. The obvious risk with services like these is fraud and the safety of your funds while they are in transit.
A notice of some ancient tomb-stones, at Movilla, County Down; being the substance of a paper read before the Belfast Naturalists' Field Club, March 18th, 1869.
A notice of some ancient tomb-stones, at Movilla, County Down being the substance of a paper read before the Belfast Naturalists' Field Club, March 18th, 1869
This item is under copyright. The digital images may only be viewed via the online catalogue in the National Library Reading Rooms.
Preface: "Some account of the mining of barytes in Ireland, with references to the principal localities, has been given in the Mineral Memoir issued by the Geological Survey of Ireland in 1922. Mr T. Hallissy now brings together the results of his extensive observations in the field, and of a wide range of study in regard to the genesis of the lodes...", with illustrations and photographs.
Hide full summary ... Preface: "Some account of the mining of barytes in Ireland, with references to the principal localities, has been given in the Mineral ...
Booklet published by "Dublin...The Stationery Office" and is priced at "Two Shillings and Sixpence Net".
Hide notes ... Booklet published by "Dublin...The Stationery Office" and is priced at "Two Shillings and Sixpence Net".
Circular letter from the American Association for the Recognition of the Irish Republic to its state presidents and secretaries, asking for the names of bond holders and the amount of each bond, 1922 September 13.
Letter from the Athy Urban District Council to Erskine Childers, announcing its decision that the Anglo-Irish Treaty should be ratified, 1921 December 31.
Letter from H. Grattan Bellew to Erskine Childers, arguing for a change in Ireland's political system from an English imitation where an executive council decides matters to one akin to Switzerland where the Dail does, 1921 December 29.
Letter from Francis Joseph Biggar to "EC" [Erskine Childers], asking for advice on behalf of his brother in regards to Partition and his work as head of the Board of Health, 1921 November 15.
Letter from the Bray Urban District Council to Erskine Childers, announcing its approval of the Anglo-Irish Treaty and requesting its representatives to support the motion for its ratification, 1921 December 31.
Typescript copy of a letter from Mrs K. Broderick to the Commander of the British Army in Ireland [Sir Nevil Macready] about two raids carried out on her home by Auxilary Police where her sons and then her husband were arrested, 1920 December 3.
Letter from J.E. Canavan, S.J., to Erskine Childers, asking him if he could deliver a talk on his work at the Land Bank for a Social Study Club, 1921 February 1921.
Letter from the County Wicklow Board of Health to Erskine Childers, announcing its unanimous opinion that the Anglo-Irish Treaty should be accepted, 1921 December 29.
Letter from the County Wicklow Farmers' Association to Erskine Childers, demanding he vote to ratify the Anglo-Irish Treaty in accordance with their wishes or else resign as their representative, 1921 December 31.
Letter from the Christian Science Monitor to Erskine Childers about how the latter's corrections to an interview he gave are no longer necessary as the article will not be published, 1920 December 8.
Letter from F.P. Crozier to Erskine Childers about how he resigned in February when he “discovered the iniquity of the regime of the Government of England" and discusses his thoughts on the situation in Ireland, 1921 October 18.
Letter from F.P. Crozier to Erskine Childers, thanking him for his letter and talking about the policing policy of Britain towards Ireland, 1921 November 21.
Letter from Augustus Cullen to Erskine Childers, telling him that the latter has been returned unopposed as a candidate for Kildare-Wicklow, and how Cullen was appointed Election Agent for [Robert] Barton, [Christopher] Byrne and Childers, 1921 May 14.
Letter from Richard de Bary to Erskine Childers, suggesting that Éamon de Valera negotiates a fresh treaty with the British Crown, with a possible outline for such a treaty attached, titled: "British Irish Draft - Treaty Syllabus", 1921 January 7.
Letter from Richard de Bary to Erskine Childers, comparing Éamon de Valera to Charles Stewart Parnell, and with a list of plans for a new Irish state attached, titled: "The Building of the Irish State", 1921 February 4.
Typescript copy of a letter from “Eddie” to “Gay”, greatly afraid that he will be convicted despite all "Gay" has done for him and that he will have to do time for something he did not do, 1920 January 31.
Anonymous letter to Eamon de Valera, denouncing Sinn Féin as being stained with "innocent blood" and urging him to leave it as "Its doom is sealed" due to the "will of the Highest", 1921 October 5.
Letter from George McGrath of the Department of Finance to Erskine Childers, enclosing a draft for £150 as three months' allowance [not extant], 1921 November 28.
Letter from Austin Stack of the Department of Home Affairs to the Director of Publicity [Erskine Childers] about a draft pamphlet to the Minister for Agriculture [Art O'Connor], 1921 September 1.
Letter from Austin Stack, Minister of Home Affairs, to Brigid Ward, to say that her application for permission to leave Ireland has been refused, 1921 September 27.
Letter from William Garton to Erskine Childers, encouraging him to write a paper or book to publish, unknown year, September 8.
Letter from Joseph Gilmer to Erskine Childers regarding an estimate on the latter's glass roof now that the labourers' strike is over and work can resume, 1920 December 13.
Letter from Charles T. Hallinan to Erskine Childers about how glad he is the latter enjoyed the articles he wrote on the situation in Ireland, says he has three more articles planned about Sinn Fein, and discusses the current situation in Belfast, 1921 July 25.
Letter from Margaret Healy to Erskine Childers, asking for help with her research on the finance of Irish local government from 1844, 1921 October 18.
Letter from the Inland Revenue to Erskine Childers about their error in deducting insufficient duty from his Army Pay in 1918-1919, and asking him to send a cheque to them for £6 to settle the matter, 1920 November 30.
Letter from Erskine Childers to the Irish White Cross with a cheque for $32.20 [not extant] from Rev. J.H. Cotter on behalf of a society of American children called "the loyal Shamrocks" who want the money to be distributed "among the poor children of Dublin", 1922 January 1 / 1921 December 8.
Two extracts from Leopald H. Kerney’s letter, from 23 July 1925, item 1 relating to a French Catholic association wanting to have a correspondent in Ireland, and item 2 an enquiry from the President of the Syndicat Agricole de la Champagne, France, about the possibility of getting Irish agricultural labourers, gardeners and female cooks, undated.
Letter from the British Labour Party to Erskine Childers about a series of leaflets to be used in connection with the forthcoming campaign of meetings on Ireland, 1921 January 4.
Letter from the Labour Research Department to Erskine Childers, enclosing his original corrections [not extant] as requested [on an article about martial law] and with certain revisions of their own, 1921 April 19.
Letter from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh, passing on a resolution of sympathy with Ireland from a society in Barcelona, although he is unsure if the society exists or if it is worth anything, 1920 December 13.
Circular letter from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh, telling the recipients that they will be receiving news bulletins 3 or 4 times a week about the most notable incidents in the conflict between the Irish Republic and the British Government, 1921 January 4.
Carbon copy of letter from Tomás Ó Deirg to "Judge Maguire", thanking him for sending on a copy of the booklet 'Rules and Forms, Parish and District Courts', and mentioning that a collection is being put together in the National Library of memoranda associated with the National Movement, 1937 February 26.
Letter from the District Council Engineer of the IRA Waterford Brigade to the Department of Engineering, regarding a portion of Kilmacthomas Workhouse occupied by the IRA and a report on conditions there, 1922 February 10.
Letter from Muiris Ó Mórdha [to the Minister of Home Affairs] about the treatment of prisoners and asking for an interview, [1921?].
Letter from the Naas No. 1 Rural District Council to Erskine Childers, sending a copy of the resolution adopted by them at a special meeting that day in regards to the Anglo-Irish Treaty [resolution not attached], 1921 December 31.
Letter from The People’s Year Book to a Mr [Emslie?] Horniman to say that the year book is now in the press, and that they regret the non-arrival of his article on India which had been counted on as one of the chief articles of the volume, 1920 November 19.
Letter from Harry B. Ramsey to Erskine Childers, wishing him a happy Christmas and New Year, 1921 November 30.
Letter from the Rathdrum Union Board of Guardians to Erskine Childers, sending a copy of the resolution adopted by them, thanking the five Irish Plenipotentiaries for the Anglo-Irish Treaty and calling on the Dail to ratify it without further discussion, 1922 January 2.
Letter from J.C. Sheridan to Erskine Childers, with a report attached called 'The Irish Proposals: an exposition with South African Parallel' by J.C. Sheridan, 1921 September 28.
Letter from John Simon to Erskine Childers, discussing the "shocking state of things" [in Ireland] in regards to martial law, and how John Simon has been investigating "the legal position", 1921 January 20.
Letter from the Seán Ó Conghaile Cumann of Sinn Fein, Naas, to Erskine Childers, enclosing a copy of a letter [not extant] sent by the president of the Cumann to the editor of 'The Irish Republic' in reply to an article, 1922 January 6.
Letter from Dáithí Ó Donnchadha, Honorary Secretary in Sinn Féin, to A. de Staic [Austin Stack], asking him to send a copy of a report on Public Health, and asking for him to attend a meeting tomorrow to second a resolution, 1926 January 10.
Letter from John Edward Redmond to "O'Brien", discussing politics such as how to sway [John?] Dillon and a proposed meeting in Cork, undated, September 26
Letter from John Edward Redmond to "O'Brien", discussing the best approach in publishing the "proposed American mission", undated.
Letter from John Edward Redmond to "O'Brien", advising for the resolution to be published in all the newspapers, and that [T.C.?] Harrington is going to try to organise Dublin, undated.
Letter from Nancy F. Southward to Erskine Childers, asking for help for her friend, L.T. Hogben, who is applying for the vacant chair in Zoology at University College, Cork, undated, November 16.
Letter from Catherine Marshall of the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom to Erskine Childers, saying that she is meeting the Prime Minister [David Lloyd George] and that it would help if she could have a talk with Erskine Childers first, 1921 November 16.
Letter from T.J. White to Erskine Childers about American attitudes towards the conflict in Ireland, 1921 March 5.
Letter by an unknown author on the immoral character of Sir Hamar Greenwood, who the author knew at university, and whose conduct "since he became Chief Secretary [of Ireland] is enough to condemn him", 1921 January 11.
Document about the increase in Irish manufacturing on certain goods upon their prohibition if British-made, with a recommendation for the policy to be pursued and increased in order to assist Irish industry, [1921?].
List of questions for Joseph MacDonagh and Sean MacEntee to ask the Ministers for Foreign Affairs and Publicity respectively, dealing with expenses, funds, and the Belfast Boycott, among others, [1921?].
Rough draft of a letter [from Erskine Childers] to the Prime Minister [David Lloyd George], pleading for the case of two men arrested for a shooting despite "the evidence in their favour being overwhelming", undated.
Rough draft [by Erskine Childers] of an article on the situation in Ireland since the Rising, 1916 May 19.
Rough draft [by Maire Comerford] on the poor treatment of anti-Treatyite prisoners in Mountjoy Prison the North Dublin Union (NDU) camp by the Free State, [1922].
Rough draft [by Maire Comerford] about the rough treatment of her and other anti-Treatyite female prisoners being moved from Mountjoy Prison to the North Dublin Union (NDU) camp, [1922].
Telegram from Boston to Dublin, asking after the health of Erskine Childers upon news of his injury, 1922 July 2.
Postcard from "AB" to Erskine Childers about how good it was to hear from the latter, although there is no news to tell, 1922 June 29.
Postcard from [unknown] to [Erskine Childers?] about the arrest of a mutual friend and asking if the friend can have visitors in jail, 1921 July 7.
'The Republican War Bulletin', titled 'English "Black and Tan" Regulations against Irish Patriot Priests' about the Free State order to deport Father Dominic, 1922 August 12.
'The Republican War Bulletin', titled "Military Censorship" about the language to be used by the Free State Army in keeping with censorship orders from the Army Publicity Department, [1922].
'The Republican War Bulletin', titled "The Military Situation", listing defeats for the Free State Army overlooked by "the Enemy Press" and denigrating senior Free State Army officers, [1922].
Circular from the Department of Agriculture, stating that the Dáil Eireann has directed that 1st November 1919 should be Arbor Day for Ireland, 1919 September.
Engineering Circular No. 14 from the IRA Department of Engineering, advising on the best ways of lay mines on roads, 1921 June 28.
Anti-Treatyite newsletter titled: 'War Issue / Stop Press / Nationality / To preserve the Republic' with an article about the Free State Army using a convent as a military base, [1922] July 8.
Anti-Treatyite newsletter titled: 'War News / The Flame', printing the correspondence between Liam Mellows and Diarmuid O'Hegarty with the latter refusing permission to attend the funeral of Cathal Brugha, 1922 July 20.
Decree about Ministerial Powers of government departments and their delegation to Administrative Committees in order to cope with the pressure from the "present war" [War of Independence], undated.
Decree of Dail Eireann, granting the Corporation of Limerick the power to grant weekly pensions at its discretion to Limerick night watchmen of not less than 10 years of service, 1922.
Provisional decree of Dail Eireann, granting local authorities the temporary power to raise rates to make up for the current shortfall intended to provide Technical Instruction, 1922.
Provisional decree of Dail Eireann for the relief of the poor to be administered in accordance with schemes to be submitted by county councils to the Minister of Local Government [W.T. Cosgrave], 1922 May 9.
Decree of Dail Eireann, allowing for county councils to assist with scholarships, bursaries, etc, any student at an approved school in the county in question, 1922.
Decree of Dail Eireann: "Workman’s Compensation (War Addition) Extension Decree A.D. 1922.", as amended in 1919, which was to continue until the 31st March 1923, 1922.
Summary of reported operations by the 1st battalion of the Dublin Brigade for 8th-13th October 1922 during the Civil War, 1922 October 25.
Copy of a letter from John Boyle O'Reilly to Alfred Webb comparing Siberian prisons with English ones, with a covering letter deploring the harsh treatment of Irish prisoners from the Easter Rising, undated.
Document titled 'Proposed Treaty of Association between Ireland and the British Commonwealth', undated.
Incomplete typescript of the events leading up to the Treaty and the Civil War, from September 1921 and concluding with the bombing of the Four Courts on 28th June 1922, undated.
Notes [by Maire Comerford] on the "Red X" [Red Cross] report on the treatment of women prisoners, refuting its points, undated.
Collection of statements and short articles about British and police abuse in Ireland, such as the unfounded arrests of Sinn Féin TDs and the harassment of civilians by police, [1919?].
'Summary of outrages committed by the British Government in Ireland / May 1st. 1916 - April 30, 1920 / - as reported in the Irish Daily Press' [by Erskine Childers?], [1920].
Rough draft [by Erskine Childers] of a document to list the abuses of the British Government in Ireland, [1920?].
List of political events in Ireland from February to July 1917 with a focus on the rise of Sinn Féin and its republican ideology through the successful by-elections, undated.
Document titled 'Cardinal Logue and Outrages in Ireland' about a speech made by the Cardinal condemning the recent violence in Ireland, undated.
Copies of a statement by Jeremiah Mee to an unnamed priest about the incident at Listowel RIC Barracks where the Divisional Commissioner, [Gerald] Smyth, gave permission to the police to shoot suspects, 1920 June 27.
Article titled "How England treats her political prisoners", about the history of harsh legal measures against Irish political prisoners by the British Government, undated.
Copy of a statement by Harry Boland, lambasting the recent peace initiatives by the British Government towards Ireland, [1921 March].
'Statement of Atrocities on Women in Ireland, made and signed by Mrs. Hanna Sheehy-Skeffington', [1919-1921].
Excerpt from 'The Freeman's Journal', titled 'The Clare Burnings / Irish K.C. Reviews Statements of Chief Secretary and Speaker / Judge Bodkin's Report', 1921 February 19.
Press digest for stories in Ireland, Britain and US in regards to the Irish independence movement, 1921 March 30.
Draft of a letter to an American newspaper, thanking its readers for their support for the cause of Irish independence, [1924-1925?].
Article draft about British rule in Ireland, about the shortage of Irishmen in the British Army, for which Edward Carson is blamed for refusing Ireland self-rule, [1918].
Document outlining the proposed Dominion status for Ireland, in particular the role of Ulster under a "Northern Parliament", [1920?].
Document on the upcoming World Conference of the Irish Race, to be held in Paris in January 1922, [1922].
Page from a pamphlet on the subject of the IRA and the conflict in Ireland against British rule, [1916-1918?].
Document titled "Traduccion" [Translation] about Hispano-Irish history, specifically the 'Flight of the Earls' in the 17th century, undated.
Booklet titled 'Dail Eireann / Official Correspondence Relating to the Peace Negotiations' / June-September 1921', 1921 October.
Booklet titled 'Dáil Accounts. / Half-Year ending 30th June, 1921, and Half-Year ending 31st December 1921', 1922 February 17.
Document titled 'Dail Eireann / 7th January 1922 / Orders of the Day' about two motions proposed by Arthur Griffith and Éamon de Valera, 1922 January 7.
Dáil daily report, where six IRA leaders addressed the Dáil, followed by supplementary estimates from the various Government Departments, and then the Questions session, 1922 May 3.
Dáil daily report, with the orders of the day such as the discussion of reports and the decrees for Local Government, 1922 June 8.
'Statistical Tables of the Sea and Inland Fisheries of Ireland for 1922' by the Ministry of Fisheries, 1922 / 1924 July 4.
'The Dublin Gazette', containing notices from the Irish Land Commission, numbers of animal disease outbreaks and statutory notices, 1922 January 31.
'The Dublin Gazette', containing notices from the Irish Land Commission and similar, 1922 February 3.
'Statutory Rules and Orders, 1923, No. 405 / Irish Free State', a pamphlet on the relationship between the Free State and the British Government, 1923 March 27.
'Statement showing gross cost of present judical system and estimated gross annual cost of proposed judical system', 1923 October 10.
The Status and Constitution of the Irish Free State, including "Documents submitted to the Fourth Assembly of the League of Nations", 1923.
'Report of the Intermediate Education Commissioners under the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Act", 1923 September 4.
'The Enforcement of Law (Occasional Powers) District Court Rules (No. I) Order, 1924', 1924 August 29.
'Memoirs of the Geological Survey of Ireland / The Geology of the Ballycastle Coalfield, Co. Antrim', 1924.
III.ii. Official publications from His/Her Majesty's Stationery Office (HMSO) mostly relating to Ireland, 1783-1926.
'Anno Regni Georgii III. Regis Magnae Britanniae, Franciae & Hiberniae, Vicesimo Tertio', addressing the "Rights claimed by the People of Ireland" and how "No Writ of Error or Appeal from the Courts in Ireland shall be received by any Court in Great Britain", 1783.
'Anno Quarto & Quinto Gulielmi IV. Regis. An act for the amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales [14th August 1834]', 1899.
'Anno Septimo & Octavo Victoriae Reginae. An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England', [1844 August 9].
'National Debt. History of the earlier years of the funded debt, from 1694 to 1786. Presented to both houses of Parliament by command of Her Majesty', 1898.
'Anno Tricesimo Victoriae Reginae. An Act for the Union of Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, and the Government thereof; and for the Purposes connected therewith. [29th March 1867]', 1900.
'Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act. Chapter 12. An Act to constitute the Commonwealth of Australia. [9th July 1900]', 1900 July 9.
'Land Purchase (Ireland) Acts. Copy "of Report by Mr W.F. Bailey, Legal Assistant Commissioner, of an Inquiry into the present condition of Tenant Purchasers under the Land Purchase Acts"', 1903 March 25.
'Royal Commission on Congestion in Ireland. Notes of Additional Evidence handed in by Mr Commissioner Bailey, C.B. (Question No. 17396)', 1906 August 27.
'Short sketch of the Irish Land Acts: their history and their development. By the Right Hon. W.F. Bailey, C.B., Estates Commissioner', undated.
'Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland): Report of the Departmental Committee of Inquiry. Presented to both Houses of Parliament by Command of His Majesty', 1907.
'Royal Commission on Congestion in Ireland: Final Report. Presented to both Houses of Parliament by Command of His Majesty', 1908
'Irish Land Purchase Finance. Report of the Departmental Committee appointed to enquire into Irish Land Purchase Finance in connection with the provision of funds required for the purposes of the Irish Land Act, 1903. Presented to both Houses', 1908 February 18.
'Irish Land Acts, 1903-9. Report of the Estates Commissioners for the year ending 31st March, 1910, and for the period from 1st November, 1903, to 31st March, 1910, with Appendices. Presented to both Houses of Parliament by Command of His Majesty', and newspaper cutting insert from 'Freeman’s Journal', 1910/1911 August 17.
'Public Works, Ireland. Seventy-eighth Annual Report of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland: with appendices, for the year ending 31st March, 1910. Presented to both houses of Parliament by Command of His Majesty', 1910 March 31.
'Irish Land Commission: Report of the Irish Land Commissioners for the period from 1st April, 1910, to 31st March, 1911. Presented to both Houses of Parliament by command of His Majesty', 1911.
Return relating to 'Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland)...for the Year ending the 31st day of March 1911', 1911 July 12/1911 October.
'The Agricultural Output of Ireland. 1908. Report and tables prepared in connection with The Census of Production Act, 1906', 1912.
Return relating to 'Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland)...for the Year ending the 31st day of March 1912', 1912 July 1.
'Report of the Departmental Committee appointed by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries to inquire into the position of Tenant Farmers on the occasion of any Change in the Ownership of their Holdings...Presented to Parliament by Command of His Majesty', 1912.
Return relating to 'Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland)...for the Year ending the 31st day of March 1913', 1913 July 15.
Return relating to 'Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland)...for the Year ending the 31st day of March 1915', 1915 July 23.
Return relating to 'Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland)...for the Year ending the 31st day of March 1916', 1916 August 16.
Return relating to 'Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland)...for the Year ending the 31st day of March 1917', 1917 August 13.
'Banking, Railway, and Shipping Statistics, Ireland. 1916-17. Presented to Parliament by Command of His Majesty', 1918.
'Final Report of the Committee on Commercial and Industrial Policy after the War. Presented to Parliament by Command of His Majesty', 1918.
'Revenue and expenditure (England, Scotland, and Ireland). Return showing for the year ended the 31st day of March 1920', 1920 November 1.
'Provisional Rules and Orders, 1921....The General Adaptation of Enactments (Northern Ireland) Order, 1921', 1921 September 27.
'Provisional Rules and Orders, 1921...The Supreme Court of Judicature (Northern Ireland) Order, 1921', 1921 September 27.
'Correspondence between His Majesty’s Government and the Prime Minister of Northern Ireland relating to the Proposals for an Irish Settlement', 1921.
'Arrangements governing the Cessation of Active Operations in Ireland which came into force on July 11, 1921', 1921 [July 11].
'Labour in Debate. House of Commons. Messrs. Lansbury, Newbold, Shinwell, Morel, Johnston, Snowden, Wallhead and Kirkwood. November-December, 1922. Extracts from Official Report', [1922].
'Statutory Rules and Orders, 1923, No. 405. Irish Free State. The Irish Free State (Consequential Adaptation of Enactments) Order, 1923', 1923 March 27.
'Irish Free State. Heads of Working Arrangements for Implementing the Treaty as settled', 1923 July.
'Irish Free State and Northern Ireland. Further correspondence relating to Article 12 of the Articles of Agreement for a Treaty between Great Britain and Ireland', 1924 June.
'Roll of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in the First Session of the Thirty-Third Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland', 1924 January 15.
'Final Report of the Northern Ireland Special Arbitration Committee' by Winston Churchill, M.P., 1925 March 2.
Anti-Treatyite poster titled "An Appeal to all members of the ‘Regular’ Army and Civic Guard", urging them to defect from their current service in the Free State, undated.
Anti-Treatyite proclamation by the Council of the IRA South Tipperary Brigade, pledging to fight against the Treaty and its supporters who "are to be resisted by every citizen of the Republic", undated.
Poster for 'Royal Irish Military Tournament / 1892 / Ball’s Bridge, Dublin', displaying two duelling soldiers on horseback with spectators in the background, 1892 June.
'The Inner and the Outer Ireland' by George William Russell, discussing the conflict in Ireland from a Nationalist perspective, the possibility of a political settlement and the Irish character, 1921.
'Statement issued by the Cardinal Primate and the Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland on the present condition of their country', 1922 April 26.
'Ghosts - Other Ghosts or The Priests and the Republic', castigating the clergy in Ireland for their support of the Treaty, 1922.
'Sinn Féin. Clár' - rules for the procedure of the Sinn Féin Ard Fheis [for 7th February 1922] along with the party's constitution and terms of reference, [1922].
'On the Proper Shoulders', anti-Treaty pamphlet blaming Britain as well as the Provisional Government for the Civil War by citing extracts from proceedings in the UK House of Commons [including Winston Churchill], [1922-1923?].
'Deceiving the Irishmen!' A collection of quotes highlighting the supposed vapidity of the Anglo-Irish Treaty, [1923?].
'The Arrest and Trial of Capt. Childers', detailing the career, trial and execution of Erskine Childers, [1923?].
'Reply to the Pastoral issued by the Irish Hierarchy, October 1922...written by a priest', an anti-Treaty rebuttal against the support of the Church hierarchy for the Free State, [1922?].
Anti-Treaty propaganda handbill: 'The newspapers can provoke a war BUT (and from the Free State point of view it is a pity) they cannot win it', [1922-1923?].
Anti-Treaty propaganda handbill: 'To the men who have come to Limerick to support the Provisional Government.… The Republic still lives!', [1922].
Anti-Treaty propaganda handbill: 'The way to free Ireland. "Fight to break the connection with England," said Tone. "Wrong,” says Mulcahy, "fight to establish that connection."', [1922-1923?].
Anti-Treaty propaganda handbill: 'An Irishman who takes guns from England to shoot down his own countrymen is a patriot. This is a new doctrine', [1922-1923?].
Anti-Treaty propaganda handbill: 'The Most Rev. Dr. Fogarty says: "We recall the history of Joan of Arc. She did her work for France and disappeared almost in a day, burned to death by some of her own countrymen"...', [1922-1923?].
Anti-Treaty propaganda handbill: 'In the mind of the West Briton it was always IRREGULAR to fight for Irish Independence', [1922-1923?].
Notice from the Imperial Revenue (Collection and Expenditure) (Great Britain and Ireland), 1911 October.
Copy of 'The Castle Document': "Secret orders issued to Military Officers...The following precautionary measures have been sanctioned by the Irish Office on the recommendation of the General Officer Commanding the Forces in Ireland...", [April] 1916.
'The Portrait of a Minister. Painted by himself', pamphlet about Sir Hamar Greenwood, 1920 December 4.
Specimen ballot paper for the constituency of Kildare/Wicklow with instructions for voters to vote Sinn Féin, 1922 [June 16].
V. Pamphlets mainly about Ireland including collection of pamphlets series issued by Cumann Léigheacht an Phobaiol (Popular Lecture Society), 1909-1925.
'The Fiscal Relations of Great Britain and Ireland', contains an article on Irish Fiscal Autonomy by Erskine Childers, 1912.
'Ireland. An Industrial Survey – past and present. With possible suggestions for the future' by [William Townley] Macartney-Filgate, 1917 October 15.
'Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of Ireland. The Public Finances of Ireland,' by Charles Hubert Oldham, with a letter from him on the back page to Erskine Childers, 1920 January 23.
'The Government of Ireland by Mrs. J.R. Green' [Alice Stopford Green] with a foreword by George William Russell, 1921
'The Highway: a Monthly Review of Adult Education and the Journal of the Workers’ Educational Association', Vol. XV, no. 4, with a piece on Erskine Childers by Alfred Ollivant, 1923 January.
'The Political Dynamite of Mother Goose', an article by Martha Foley about the political subtext behind popular nursery rhymes, 1941.
'Secret History of Sinn Fein' by Desmond Shaw about recent Irish events: the Easter Rising, the role of Michael Collins and the Civil War, undated.
'By what authority?' by Proinsias Ó Gallchobhair, blaming the Civil War on the Treaty and its supporters, [1923-1924?].
'Where lies the blame? A reprint of a letter written in reply to a constituent by Mr Laurence Ginnell, T.D.', [1922?].
List of Cumann Léigheacht an Phobail titles with their authors, and how they can now be ordered from the secretary, undated.
Announcement by Cumann Léigheacht an Phobail that its been forced to delay the publication of its lectures "owing to troubles in Ireland", undated.
'An Explanation of the Milner scheme / Issued by the Egyptian Association in Great Britain and Ireland', 1920 November.
'The Treaty of Peace between the Allied and Associated Powers and Germany, and other Treaty Engagements, signed at Versailles, June 28th, 1919', 1920.
'National Defence', Vol. IV, no. 17, includes a review of Erskine Childers' 'Cavalry Armament and Tactics', 1910 August.
'Directory of Joint Standing Industrial Councils, Interim Industrial Reconstruction Committees and Trade Boards with index of members', 1919 July.
Anti-French propaganda titled 'Outcry against France's Crimes!' about the treatment of local women in the occupied Rhinelands by black soldiers in the French army, [1921?].
Anti-French propaganda titled 'Black Troops and White Women' appealing to the "women of England" about the treatment of local women in the occupied Rhinelands by black soldiers in the French army, 1922.
Anti-French propaganda titled 'The Chamber of Torture' about the abuses of local civilians in the occupied Rhinelands by the French army, [1923?].
Letter from the Deutscher Fichte-Bund organisation in regards to documents of theirs in different languages, their costs and about help with their [propaganda?] campaign, 1923 September 13.
Leaflet with a brief history of the O’Byrne family of Wicklow with emphasis on its role in the 1798 Rebellion, with the family crest and a picture of Billy Byrne, undated.
'Seventh Annual Feis to be held in Aughrim, under the control of the Aughrim Branch of the Gaelic League, on Sunday, July 12th, 1914', 1914.
Concert Programme of the Gaiety Theatre for 19th March 1933, with a number of different programmes and artists, 1933.
Royal writ from King George III to the Sheriff of the County of Dublin from 1767, and with a note from George O’Kelly, dated 12 March 1794, on the back, 1767/1794.
Letter from Hope Trant to her mother, Georgina Emily, asking if "John" had arrived in Hanover, 1909 January 7.
Letter from Hope Trant to her sister, Irene, asking her to thank "Father" for his letter which she received the other day, 1909 January 24.
Letter from Hope Trant to her father, Fitzgibbon, saying that she saw "John" off on the train, 1909 February 2.
Letter from Hope Trant to her father, Fitzgibbon, thanking him for the £1 he sent her, 1909 February 12.
Letter from Hope Trant to her sister, Irene, saying that she hopes their mother's leg is better, 1909 March 1.
Postcard from Hope Trant to her father, Fitzgibbon, thanking him for the money and how her show "went off fairly well yesterday", 1909 March 5.
Letter from Hope Trant to her father, Fitzgibbon, thanking him for the cheque for £7 he sent her, 1909 March 28.
Letter from Hope Trant to her mother, Georgina Emily, hoping she is having a nice time and how sorry she is to hear about her leg, 1909 June 2.
Letter from Hope Trant to her sister, Irene, asking for news, with a sketch of the Theatre Royal, 1909 September 28.
Postcard from Hope Trant to her father, Fitzgibbon, asking for money as "we are on half salaries here", 1909 October 5.
Letter from Hope Trant [to her mother, Georgina Emily?], thanking her for the "things + parcels", 1909 October 8.
Letter from Hope Trant [to her family], giving thanks for the parcel of clothes she received and how she is "getting lots of experience" with the different acting parts she is playing, 1909 October 9.
Collection: John Redmond Papers, 1878-1918. >> ... >> Letter from William James Pirrie to John Redmond informing him that...
Correspondence of John Redmond between Lord and Lady Aberdeen; Fred Allan, manager of the Irish Independent and Robert Andrew Anderson, secretary of the Irish Agricultural Organisation, 1893-1915.
Correspondence between Fred J. Allan, manager of the Irish Independent Printing and Publishing Co., Limited and John Redmond, 1893-1899.
Correspondence of John Redmond and Herbert Henry Asquith, including some notes from personal interviews, 1893-1916.
Correspondence between John Redmond, Herbert Henry Asquith and Henry Edward Duke concerning the executions of the Easter Rising’s leaders and the situation in Ireland, 1916.
Correspondence to John Redmond from Arthur James Balfour and Gerald William Balfour concerning political matters such as the Irish Land Bill, 1895-1903.
Correspondence between Arthur James Balfour and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1896-1903.
Correspondence between Augustine Birrell, Sir Matthew Nathan and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1914-1916.
Correspondence between Wilfrid Scawen Blunt and John Redmond concerning politics and an incident on Blunt's property in Egypt, 1902-1903.
Correspondence between Henry Campbell-Bannerman, John Redmond and Vaughan Nash, secretary to Herbert Henry Asquith concerning political matters, 1893-1908.
Correspondence between John Pius Boland, John Redmond and William Redmond concerning political affairs, 1900-1917.
Correspondence between Cardinal Francis Bourne, archbishop of Westminster and John Redmond, concerning political matters, 1906-1915.
Correspondence between John Redmond, J. M. Coghlan Briscoe, James Browne, Bishop of Ferns, Robert Browne, Bishop of Cloyne and Abraham Brownrigg, Bishop of Ossory, 1902-1915.
Correspondence between J.M. Coghlan Briscoe, general secretary of Town Tenants’ League and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1902-1907.
Letter from Robert Browne, Bishop of Cloyne to John Redmond concerning being unable to attend a National Convention and hoping discussion will be free, 1909 February 7.
Letter from Abraham Brownrigg, Bishop of Ossory to John Redmond concerning being unable to attend the National Convention, 1909 Jan. 30.
Letters from James Bryce, Chief Secretary for Ireland to John Redmond concerning political matters, with copies of John Redmond's replies, 1906.
Correspondence from James Bryce, Chief Secretary for Ireland to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1906.
Correspondence between Bernard Edward Barnaby FitzPatrick, Baron Castletown and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1903-1909.
Letter from Austin Chamberlain to John Redmond, regarding being unable to answer his proposed question and that he has to wait before he makes a public statement, 1905 July 5.
Correspondence between Richard Robert Cherry and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1900-1907.
Letter from Erskine Childers to John Redmond, concerning two papers he has prepared for the Irish Convention, Dublin, 1917 October 12.
Correspondence between John Redmond, Terence Clark, secretary of Irish National Teachers' Organisation, William Codd, Bishop of Ferns, Denis J. Coffey, T. W. Croke, Archbishop of Cashel and George Crosbie, concerning political matters, 1902-1918.
Correspondence between Terence Clark, secretary of the Irish National Teachers' Organisation and John Redmond, 1902-1907.
Letter from William Codd, Bishop of Ferns to John Redmond concerning a function at Enniscorthy and wishing Redmond success at the Convention [Irish Convention], 1918 February 26.
Letters from Denis Joseph Coffey to John Redmond concerning the establishment of a Contingent of the Officers' training Corps in University College, Dublin, 1915 May 14.
Letter from Thomas William Croke, Archbishop of Cashel and John Redmond concerning his good opinion of Redmond's son, [year unknown] February 27.
Correspondence from Walter D’Alton to John Redmond concerning evicted tenants involved in the struggle against a Tipperary landlord, Arthur Hugh Smith Barry, 1895-1916.
Letters of John Dillon to John Redmond, with many copies of replies and other associated documents, 1890-1916.
Correspondence from John Dillon to John Redmond, with copies of replies from Redmond, 1905 Oct.-Dec.
Correspondence from John Dillon to John Redmond concerning political matters and the Irish Parliamentary Party, June 1910.
Correspondence from John Dillon to John Redmond concerning political matters, with a copy reply from Redmond, 1912.
Correspondence between John Redmond and John Dillon concerning the events of the 1916 Easter Rising, 1916 April-May.
Correspondence between John Dillon, John Redmond and Joseph Devlin concerning political matters, 1916 June-December.
Copy letter from John Redmond to John Dillon concerning his ill health and position within the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1918 February 26.
Correspondence between Valentine Blake Dillon, William Dillon and John Redmond concerning political matters and legal affairs, 1885-1908.
Correspondence between Anthony John Charles Donelan and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1902-1908.
Correspondence between Joseph Dolan and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1907 August- September.
Letters from Charles Gavan Duffy to a Robert Bryce and James, concerning John Redmond, 1882 December 2.
Correspondence between Lord William Humble Ward Dudley and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1903-1907.
Letter from Edward, the Prince of Wales to John Redmond sending his thanks for sending him a copy of 'The Irish at the Front', 1916 Jan. 31.
Correspondence between Thomas Henry Grattan Esmonde and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1900-1908.
Correspondence between James P. Farrell. M.P. for North Longford and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1902-1917.
Correspondence between John Fitzgibbon and John Redmond concerning attempts to secure a settlement on the estate of Lord De Freyne in County Roscommon, 1903-1911.
Correspondence from Patrick Foley, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin to John Redmond regarding the Commissioners of National Education, 1901-1906.
Letter from Lord John Denton Pinkstone French to John Redmond concerning a complaint by Richard McGhee, 1916 April 15.
Correspondence between Major-General Lovick Bransby Friend and John Redmond concerning recruitment in Ireland for the Irish Division, [1914]-1916.
Letter from Most Reverend Lawrence Gaughran, bishop of Meath to John Redmond, stating he is unwilling to resume an active part in political matters, 1910 March 11.
Correspondence from James Louis Garvin to John Redmond regarding his reasons for not taking up an editorial position in the 'Independent' office in London, 1896 September-October.
Correspondence between John Redmond and Laurence Ginnell, Secretary, United Irish League and M.P. for North Westmeath concerning political affairs, 1901-1910.
Correspondence between John Redmond and Laurence Ginnell, Secretary, United Irish League concerning political matters, 1901-1902.
Letters between John Redmond and Laurence Ginnell, Secretary, United Irish League and M.P. for North Westmeath concerning political affairs, 1906-1910.
Correspondence between John Redmond and Herbert Gladstone, Home Secretary concerning political matters, 1905-1908.
Letter from Hamar Greenwood, M.P. for Sunderland to John Redmond concerning the vacant position of chief secretary for Ireland and Home Rule, 1916 May 9.
Correspondence from Sir Edward Grey to John Redmond concerning the administration of the Irish College in Paris, 1908-1915.
Correspondence between John William Gulland M.P. for Dumfries Burghs and John Redmond concerning a meeting of the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee, 1915 February-December.
Correspondence between John Redmond and Dennis Gwynn on trying to establish a time for the Home Rule Act to be put into operation, 1915 July 13-29.
Letters to John Redmond from Stephen Gwynn. M.P. for Galway city concerning political matters such as the Irish Convention, [1906?]-1918.
Letter from Bernard Hackett, bishop of Waterford and Lismore, to John Redmond insisting his action was unintelligible, 1916 October 4.
Letter from J. L. Hammond to John Redmond asking if Redmond will agree to write an article on the Land Bill for the next edition of 'The Speaker', 1902 March 26.
Correspondence from Robert William Hanbury, financial secretary to the Treasury to John Redmond regarding the Treasury’s refusal to grant any gratuity to a Mr. Coffee, 1896 February-June.
Letters from Viscount Lewis Harcourt to John Redmond regarding personal matters, 1917 February-October.
Letters to John Redmond from Edmund Haviland-Burke, Bourchier F. Hawksley, Richard Hazleton, Rev. John Healy and Maurice Healy, with some associated documents, 1894-1917.
Correspondence between Bourchier F. Hawksley and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1895-1899.
Letter from Rev. John Healy, Archbishop of Tuam to John Redmond apologising for not attending the National Convention, 1909 January 31.
Letter from Maurice Healy to John Redmond enclosing two newspaper cuttings regarding the Cork city election, 1900 September 24.
Letters from Michael Edward Hicks-Beach, Rev. Joseph Hoare, W.H. Holland, Sir Francis Hopwood, Sir William Hutchinson Poe and Douglas Hyde to John Redmond. Includes some associated documents, 1896-1917.
Letter from Michael Edward Hicks Beach to John Redmond concerning the appointment of James Daly as Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Chiltern Hundreds, 1902 February 7.
Correspondence between Most Rev. Joseph Hoare and John Redmond, concerning political matters, 1908-1917.
Correspondence between W.H. Holland and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1886 March-October.
Correspondence from Colonel Sir William Hutchinson Poe to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1914-1916.
Letters from Denis Johnston, assistant secretary to the United Irish League to John Redmond, with some associated documents, 1905-1916.
Correspondence between Denis Johnston, Assistant Secretary, United Irish League and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1905-1907.
Correspondence between Denis Johnston and John Redmond concerning his claims for payment since he left his position, 1912-1917.
Correspondence from Professor John Joly to John Redmond concerning political matters such as the Irish University question, 1907 May 3-8.
Correspondence between Michael Joyce M.P. for Limerick city and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1902-1915.
Correspondence from Reverend Denis Kelly, bishop of Ross to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1905-1917.
Copy of a letter from John Redmond to Denis Kilbride concerning a misunderstanding between Kilbride and Kendal O'Brien, 1902 February 17.
Letters from Valentine Kilbride, solicitor, to John Redmond concerning matters such as the Lord De Freyne case and the case of D.D. Sheehan, 1901-1909.
Correspondence between Valentine Kilbride, solicitor and John Redmond concerning the litigation involved in the case of Lord De Freyne versus John Fitzgibbon and others, 1901-1904.
Correspondence from Valentine Kilbride, solicitor and John Redmond concerning the litigation involved in the case of D.D. Sheehan, M.P. for Mid Cork, versus Redmond and others, 1907-1909.
Correspondence between Knights of Columbus and John Redmond concerning financial matters, 1909-1916.
Correspondence between Henry Labouchere, M.P. for Northampton and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1894-1905.
Correspondence between Edward Lahiff and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1907 October-December.
Correspondence between Andrew Bonar Law and John Redmond concerning political and personal matters, 1916-1917.
Letter from Hugh Law, M.P. for West Donegal to John Redmond regarding a letter which has appeared in the press advocating certain departures in policy, 1917 May 17.
Correspondence from C.W. Little to John Redmond sending his thanks for his help with the Commissioners and complementing his speech in Manchester, 1915 March 11-19.
Correspondence between James W. Lowther, Speaker of the House of Commons, and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1914-1916.
Correspondence between Reverend Cardinal Michael Logue, Archbishop of Armagh, and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1907-1916.
Correspondence from Lord Robert Threshie Reid Loreburn to John Redmond, concerning matters such as Home Rule and his resignation from the Lord Chancellorship, 1909-1914.
Letters to John Redmond from Arthur Lynch and his wife, Annie Lynch, concerning political affairs, 1900-1917.
Correspondence from Annie Lynch to John Redmond concerning her husband Colonel Arthur Lynch, 1903 January-November.
Correspondence between Francis MacCormack, Bishop of Galway, and John Redmond on John O’Connor Power’s candidature for the Galway vacancy, 1903.
Letter from James Ramsey MacDonald to John Redmond, concerning a resolution that passed at a meeting of the Executive of the Labour Representative Committee, 1901 March 7.
Correspondence between Charles McHugh, Bishop of Derry, and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1910-1914.
Correspondence between P.A. McHugh, M.P. for North Sligo, and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1901-1907.
Letters from Eoin Mac Neill to John Redmond, with copies of replies and other associated documents, 1914-1916.
Correspondence between J. G. Swift MacNeill and John Redmond concerning political matters, [circa 1902-1911].
Correspondence between General Sir Neville Macready, War Office, and John Redmond regarding the procedure of recruitment in Ireland, 1916 May-November.
Letter from Thomas McRedmond, Bishop of Killaloe, to John Redmond asking for their interview to remain private, 1901 September 7.
Letter from J.P. Mahaffy to John Redmond concerning Augustine Birrell’s amendment for the protection of the rights and liberties of Trinity College Dublin, [1912 December 26-27].
Correspondence from John Manning to John Redmond concerning political and personal affairs, 1893-1897.
Correspondence between Michael Manning and John Redmond concerning newspapers and politics, 1895-1900.
Correspondence from William Mather, M.P. for Gorton, Lancashire to John Redmond concerning their interview at which they discussed the Home Rule question, 1892 March-May.
Correspondence between General Sir John G. Maxwell, John Redmond and T.P. Hanna, concerning Redmond’s efforts to secure the release of prisoners detained after the Easter Rising, 1916 May-July.
Correspondence between Reginald Brabazon, Earl of Meath, and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1904-1914.
Correspondence from William St. John Fremantle Brodrick, Earl of Midleton, to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1918 January 3-9.
Letters from Gerald Molloy to John Redmond concerning the forthcoming visit of Queen Victoria and complementing Redmond's speech, [1900?]-1903.
Correspondence between Maurice Moore and John Redmond mainly regarding the Irish Volunteers, 1914-1916.
Correspondence between Cardinal Francis Patrick Moran, archbishop of Sydney and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1902-1909.
Letters from John Morley to John Redmond concerning political affairs with notes of interviews and other associated documents, 1886-1909.
Correspondence between John Morley and John Redmond upon political matters such as Home Rule, 1905-1909.
Letters from Edward Mulhern, William Martin Murphy, Matthew Nathan and the Duke of Norfolk to John Redmond, with associated documents regarding political affairs, 1900-1916.
Letter from Reverend Edward Mulhern, bishop of Dromore, to John Redmond concerning someone who had impersonated him in a telephone call to Redmond, 1916 June 27.
Letter from Henry Fitzalan-Howard, Duke of Norfolk, to John Redmond regarding an enclosed resolution from the Catholic Education Council and the Education Bill, 1906 July 12.
Letters from William O'Brien to John Redmond, with many associated documents concerning political affairs, 1899-1914.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond mainly regarding the United Irish League and politics, [1900-1903].
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond concerning O'Brien the Wexford arbitration and fixing of future rent, 1889-[1891].
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1900 February-August.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1900 September-December.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1901 January-December.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1902 January-July.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1903 January-April.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and John Redmond regarding political affairs, 1903 May-November.
Letters to John Redmond from John O'Callaghan, National Secretary of the United Irish League of America, with associated documents concerning political affairs, 1893-1911.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan and John Redmond mainly relating to Irish politics in the United States, 1893-1899.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan and John Redmond regarding Irish-American politics, 1900 May-December.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan and John Redmond mainly concering Irish-American politics, 1901 January-July.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan, Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond, 1902.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan, Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1903.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan, Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1904.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond regarding political affairs, 1905.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond regarding political affairs, 1906 January-September.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond regarding political affairs, 1906 October-December.
Correspondence from John O’Callaghan, Secretary of the United Irish League of America, to John Redmond regarding the expulsion of D.D. Sheehan and William O’Brien over their threat of action against the Irish Parliamentary Party in connection with the distribution of funds to Irish members in parliament, 1907 January.
Correspondence between John O’Callaghan and John Redmond regarding the activities of the Irish Parliamentary Party, especially in the United States, 1907 February- November.
Correspondence between Sir James O’Connor, Attorney General for Ireland and John Redmond regarding Irish politics, 1914-1917.
Correspondence between John O’Connor, M.P. for North Kildare and John Redmond regarding Irish politics and elections, 1893-1915.
Correspondence from Michael J. O’Connor, solicitor, to John Redmond concerning the sale of Redmond’s estates in County Wexford and financial difficulties in settling and finalising the purchase of agricultural holdings by particular tenants on the estate, 1890-1917.
Letters from T. P. O'Connor to John Redmond, with associated documents concerning political affairs, 1900-1917.
Correspondence between Patrick O’Daly, General Secretary of the Gaelic League and John Redmond, 1904-1913.
Correspondence between Most Reverend Thomas O’Dea and John Redmond regarding to the sale of John Redmond’s Wexford estate and a conference, 1904-1907.
Letters from Rev. Patrick O’Donnell, Bishop of Raphoe to John Redmond, with associated documents concerning political matters, 1900-1918.
Correspondence between Reverend Patrick O’Donnell, Bishop of Raphoe and John Redmond concerning political affairs such as the Home Rule Bill, 1912.
Correspondence between Reverend Patrick O’Donnell, Bishop of Raphoe and John Redmond concerning the political situation in Ireland, 1913-1918.
Letters from John O'Donnell, M.P. for South Mayo to John Redmond, with associated documents, including copies of resolutions condemning O'Donnell, 1900-1910.
Correspondence between John O’Donnell, M.P. for South Mayo and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1900-1902.
Correspondence between John O’Donnell, M.P. for South Mayo and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1903.
Correspondence between John O’Donnell, M.P. for South Mayo and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1904.
Correspondence to John Redmond and copies of resolutions passed by Claremorris District Council and Union Offices and Castlebar Rural District Council condemning the actions of John O'Donnell, 1910.
Correspondence between Thomas O’Donnell. M.P. for West Kerry and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1901-1907.
Letter from Nicholas M. O'Donnell to John Redmond informing him that William Irvine, premier and chief justice of Victoria in Australia, intends to take a trip to Ireland where he will have an honorary degree conferred upon him by Trinity College, Dublin, 1904 March 1.
Correspondence between Reverend Henry O’Neill, Bishop of Dromore and John Redmond regarding being unable to attend the National Convention and thanking Redmond for his efforts with the railway scheme, 1909.
Correspondence between Geoffrey Henry Browne, Baron Oranmore and Browne and John Redmond expressing his appreciation that Redmond has encouraged enlistment in the West of Ireland and suggestions for the Military Service Bill, 1914-1916.
Correspondence between James John O’Shee, M.P. for West Waterford and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1900-1916.
Correspondence between Reverend Richard Owens, Bishop of Clogher and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1904-1908.
Letters from Charles Stewart Parnell, John Howard Parnell, Sir Lawrence Parsons, William James Pirrie, Pope Pius X and Count George Noble Plunkett to John Redmond, with associated items, 1880-1916.
Correspondence between General Sir Lawrence Parsons and John Redmond concerning the extent of recruitment in certain Irish regiments, 1912-1915.
Letter from William James Pirrie to John Redmond informing him that he has received his letter, 1903 July 2.
Copy letter from Pope Pius X to John Redmond referring to liberty and the Catholic religion, 1905 April 27.
Correspondence between Count George Noble Plunkett and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1895-1916.
Correspondence between Sir Horace Plunkett and John Redmond mainly relating to arrangements, procedures and agendas adopted at the Irish Convention, with associated documents, 1895-1918.
Correspondence between Sir Matthew Ridley and John Redmond regarding Redmond visiting some of the treason felony convicts in Portland prison and an inquiry into the health of these convicts, 1892-1898.
Correspondence between Charles Thomson Ritchie, chancellor of the exchequer, and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1902-1903.
Correspondence between William R. Robertson, Chief of the Imperial General Staff and John Redmond concerning a book he received, the Irish Division in France, and the problems of recruitment in Ireland, 1916.
Correspondence between John Roche, M.P. for East Galway and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1907.
Correspondence between Walter Runciman, M.P. for Dewsbury and President of the Board of Education, and John Redmond, 1907-1918.
Correspondence between Charles Russell and John Redmond concerning a seat in a contested constituency, the Arthur Lynch case and an invitation to Redmond to attend a dinner hosted by the Catholic Associations’ Federation, 1900-1907.
Correspondence between T.W. Russell and John Redmond regarding a conference and his hopes for a reasonable settlement to the evicted tenants question, 1902-1904.
Letters from Herbert Samuel to John Redmond relating to the financial clauses of the third Home Rule Bill, Redmond’s query on the release of a person in military custody and Samuel inviting Redmond to meet David Lloyd George at the War Office, 1912-1916.
Letters from General Henry Crichton Sclater to John Redmond regarding recruitment raised in Ireland and other military matters, in particular the 16th (Irish) Division, 1915.
Letters from Reverend Richard Alfred Sheehan, Bishop of Waterford and Lismore to John Redmond, with associated documents, 1900-1907.
Correspondence between David Sheehy, M.P. for South Meath, Michael Casey and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1902-1916.
Correspondence between Francis Hopwood, 1st Baron Southborough and John Redmond concerning the Irish Convention, 1917-1918.
Correspondence between A.M. Sullivan, M.P. for County Louth and John Redmond stating he will meet Redmond in London or Liverpool and sending his thanks to the Committee, 1878.
Correspondence between Alexander Martin Sullivan, Jr. Lawyer, King’s Third Serjeant at Law and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1911.
Correspondence between David Talbot-Crosbie and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1902-1906.
Correspondence between Lindsey Talbot-Crosbie and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1911-1913.
Letter from Maurice Talbot-Crosbie to John Redmond concerning the National Volunteers movement in Cork and their support towards the Irish Parliamentary Party under Redmond’s leadership, 1914 June 7.
Correspondence from Harold John Tennant, M.P. for Berwickshire and Under Secretary of State for War to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1914-1916.
Correspondence between Jasper Tully and John Redmond regarding his speech for which he was recently convicted and G.W. Tully complaining Jasper Tully was marked absent from the division list of the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1901-1902.
Correspondence between Cardinal Herbert Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster and John Redmond regarding an invitation to his first reception as Archbishop, 1892-1902.
Letters from Rev. William J. Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin to John Redmond, with associated documents, 1895-1912.
Correspondence between William Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1895-1900.
Correspondence between William Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1901.
Letters from William J. Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin to John Redmond, and associated documents, 1902-1912.
Letters from Alfred Webb, M.P. for Waterford West to John Redmond, with associated documents, many relating to the finances of the United Irish League, 1889-1908.
Correspondence between Alfred Webb, M.P. for West Waterford and John Redmond regarding the financial matters, 1900-1902.
Correspondence between Alfred Webb, M.P. for West Waterford and John Redmond regarding political matters and finances of the United Irish League and the Parliamentary Fund, 1903.
Correspondence between Alfred Webb, M.P. for West Waterford and John Redmond regarding political matters and finances of the United Irish League, Irish National Defence Fund and the Parliamentary Fund, 1904-1905.
Correspondence between Alfred Webb, M.P. for West Waterford and John Redmond regarding political and financial matters, 1906-1908.
Letters from Patrick White, George Whiteley, Baron Wimborne to John Redmond, with associated documents, 1899-1916.
Correspondence between Patrick White, M.P. for North Meath and John Redmond concerning political affairs in relation to the United Irish League, 1899-1904.
Correspondence between George Whiteley, M.P. for Pudsey and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1906.
Correspondence between Ivor Churchill Guest, Viscount Wimborne, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and John Redmond, 1914-1916.
Letters from George Wyndham, Chief Secretary for Ireland to John Redmond, with associated documents, 1901-1904.
Correspondence from George Wyndham, Chief Secretary for Ireland to John Redmond regarding political affairs, 1901-1902.
Correspondence from George Wyndham, Chief Secretary for Ireland to John Redmond regarding political affairs such as the Land Bill, 1903-1904.
Letter from William Butler Yeats to John Redmond seeking Redmond's support for a clause to be added to the Local Government Bill concerning theatre licenses in Dublin, [1898] May 17.
Letters from Irish organisations in Australia such as the Irish National Federation, the United Irish Home Rule League and various branches of the United Irish League in Australia to John Redmond concerning political and financial matters such as remittances and subscriptions, 1900-1907.
Letters to John Redmond regarding Irish political organisations and affairs in New Zealand, 1902-1907.
Letter from P. A. Taaffe O'Connor to John Redmond, on behalf of the Irish community in Trinidad, concerning the Easter Rising and confirming their belief in Redmond's leadership, 1916 May 20.
Letters to John Redmond concerning Irish political affairs and organisations in South Africa such as the Benoni and District Irish Association and Transvaal Irish Association, 1894-1917.
Letters from persons and bodies in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning the United Irish League, Parnell's memorial, Redmond's visits to America, with associated documents, 1890-1917.
Letters from persons and political organisations in the United States of America to John Redmond, 1891-1917.
Letters from persons and political organisations in the United States of America such as the Confederated Irish Societies of Chicago to John Redmond concerning political and financial matters, 1893-1915.
Correspondence between William Bourke Cockran and John Redmond regarding political and financial matters, such as appeal for funds for the expenses of the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1900-1911.
Letters from various individuals and organisations in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning political affairs and Redmond's tour of America, 1897-1910.
Correspondence between Patrick Egan, John Redmond and T.J. Hanna concerning events for Redmond to attend, Irish American organisations and political affairs in America, 1910-1915.
Correspondence between Thomas Addis Emmett and Erin’s Hope Branch of the United Irish League of America to John Redmond, 1904-1908.
Letters from various individuals and organisations in the United States of America to John Redmon concerning political affairs and Redmond's tour of America, 1899-1917.
Letter from Richard Hazleton to John Redmond regarding the progress of his American tour with T.P. O’Connor, 1917 December 5.
Correspondence between Michael J. Jordan, National Secretary of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond regarding a proposal to close the United Irish League office in America, 1914-1917.
Correspondence between Edward M. Lahiff, John P. Leahy, United Irish League of America, St. Louis and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1903-1908.
Letters from various to John Redmond correspondents concerning Irish-American political matters, 1896-1916.
Correspondence between Edward O’Flaherty, President of the Irish Independent Parliamentary Fund Association and John Redmond concerning political matters, 1892-1895.
Letters from persons and bodies in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1898-1909.
Letters from various persons and bodies to John Redmond in the United States of America concerning political matters, 1899-1904.
Letters from various individuals in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1898-1915.
Correspondence between Michael J. Ryan, National President of the United Irish League of America and John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1906-1917.
Letters from various persons and bodies in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1899-1910.
Letters from various persons and bodies in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1900-1907.
Letters from various persons and bodies in the United States of America to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1897-1916.
Letters to John Redmond regarding various topics of a political nature, with associated documents, 1882-1889.
Letters from various individuals to John Redmond concerning political matters, with associated documents, 1882-1885.
Letters from various individuals to John Redmond concerning political matters, with associated documents, 1886-1889.
Letters to John Redmond on various topics, with associated documents, including reference to the 'Irish Independent', the Waterford bacon business and a few letters to John O'Leary, 1890-1899.
Letters from various individuals to John Redmond concerning political matters, with associated documents, 1890.
Letters from various individuals to John Redmond concerning political matters such as efforts to unite the Irish Parliamentary Party, the office of Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead and the Cork Young Ireland Society, 1891.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political and financial matters, 1893.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political and financial matters, 1894-1895.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political and financial matters, 1899.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond on various topics, with associated documents, including references to the 'Irish Independent', elections and the Parnell memorial, 1900.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning a variety of topics, 1900 January-August.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1900 October-December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond on various topics, with associated documents, including references to Catholic organisations in Belfast, sugar beet research and letters of William Delany, 1901.
Copy memorandum concerning the date upon which the King of England is to be crowned, a copy of County Courts (Ireland) Bill, a draft plan for the administration of the members’ indemnity fund, an annotated copy of a bill titled ‘An act to amend the law relating to lunatics in Ireland’ and a letter from a C. J. O’Donnell to John Redmond seeking aid for “Boer women” and children, 1901.
Letters between John Redmond and various correspondents concerning political matters, with associated documents, January 1901.
Letters between John Redmond and various correspondents concerning political matters, with associated documents, 1901 April.
Letters between John Redmond and a variety of correspondents concerning political matters, 1901 July.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1901 April-September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1901 November-December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents, relating to the affairs of the Irish Parliamentary Party, the United Irish League, the Parnell memorial, the sale of the Redmond estate, the Land Conference and the De Freyne tenants case, 1902.
Copy resolution by the National Organisation upon the Transvaal and Free State Republics, a postcard, a letter to John Redmond concerning the Local Government Bill and a telegram from Redmond to P. McCabe, [1902].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1902 February-March.
Legal documents relating to the De Freyne case in which Arthur French, Baron De Freyne, the landlord, brought suit against prominent members of the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1902-1903.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding Redmond's estate and political matters, 1902 June.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1902 August-November.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents, relating to the Irish Parliamentary Party, including items relating to the Galway election, the seizure of the monastery at Douai and the Redmond Estate, 1903.
Correspondence between John Redmond, William Redmond and Matthew Coghlan-Briscoe concerning William O’Brien’s resignation from the Irish Parliamentary Party and a contested mayoral election in Dublin, [1903].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters and including extracts of speeches by George Wyndham, the Duke of Devonshire and Redmond, 1903 June.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding financial and political matters, 1903 November-December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding financial and political matters, 1903 December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents, relating to the Irish Parliamentary Party, the United Irish League, including references to education, the loan fund system, the Parnell monument and letters of John McCann, Sir W. F. Butler and Augustus Saint-Gaudens, 1904.
Correspondence between John Redmond, James Russell and John Ryan concerning a contribution from the Defence Fund towards the costs incurred in the Watergrasshill case in County Cork and P.T. Daly who went to America, [1904].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political and financial matters, 1904 March.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political and financial matters, 1904 August-October.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1904 November-December.
Correspondence between John Redmond, O’Keeffe & Lynch, solicitors and Little & Nunn, land agent, with accounts and other papers relating to his estate and their sale, 1904-1905.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond on various topics mainly the affairs of the Irish Parliamentary Party and the United Irish League, including references to Waterford bridge and Belfast Catholic organisation, with associated documents, 1905.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1905 August-September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1905 April-December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond on various topics, mainly concerning matters of the Irish Parliamentary Party, United Irish League and including references to education, Waterford bridge, with associated documents, 1906.
Memorandums, notes, amendments, text of a speech relating to the Education Bill (1906), the appointment of a Royal Commission to investigate congestion in Ireland and the composition of a conference on the labourers’ question, 1906.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1906 June-September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1906 October-December.
Letters to John Redmond on various topics, mainly concerning the activities of the Irish Parliamentary Party and the United Irish League, including references to Kynoch's explosives factory at Arklow, with associated documents, 1907.
Correspondence from George McSweeny and H.M. Killop to John Redmond concerning D.D. Sheehan's case, [1907].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning the Tallow tenants’ case, inspections at the Kynoch munitions works in Arklow, a debate on Home Rule and Catholic foundations in France, 1907 April.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political affairs such as the Irish Council Bill, the North Monaghan election and the Irish National Convention, 1907 May.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, with copy replies, 1907 June-July.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, with copy replies and associated documents, 1907 July.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, with copy replies, 1907 August.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, with copy replies, 1907 September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, with copy replies, 1907 October-December.
Draft resolutions condemning the Irish Council Bill, including one read by John Redmond at the National Convention in Dublin, 1907 May.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond and associated papers concerning the delivery, display, financing of the Parnell monument, 1907 February-November.
Letters to John Redmond with associated documents, including memoranda on education and land purchase finance, writers including Thomas Addis Emmet, 1908.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1908 January-March.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1908 April-December.
Letters to John Redmond with associated papers, including references to crime statistics and the United League of Great Britain, 1909.
Correspondence between John Redmond, Frederick W. Ryan, Winifrede M. Wyse and John Cuthbert Hedley concerning Louis G. Redmond Howard’s family property, a pamphlet on education reform in Ireland and a Railway Bill, 1909 January-May.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political affairs, 1909 June-December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, correspondents including James Stephens, Ballinrobe, with associated documents, including memoranda on representation and financial relations, 1910-1912.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1910 February-November.
Notes, memoranda, copies of ministers and opposition speeches regarding proposals for political reform, the Ripon Scheme, the breakdown of the constitutional conference, Home Rule and notes on the rejection of a referendum, 1910.
Memorandra, suggestions and notes regarding Irish finance and the financial implications of Home Rule, [1910-1912].
Correspondence between John Redmond, Michael Meagher, Albert Bartram, and J. Doherty concerning faith in Redmond’s leadership, Arthur Fell, the Home Rule campaign in England and a candidate for North Tyrone, 1911.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents, and including references to Home Rule, the Government of Ireland Bill, proportional representation, the United Irish League in Belfast and Trinity College, 1912.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents, including references to land purchase and the relative positions of Catholics and Protestants, with tables, 1913.
Memoranda, notes regarding Home Rule, the Mid-Tyrone election, population, the relative positions of Catholics and Protestants, rate of taxes, rate of wages, [1913].
Correspondence between John Redmond, John Robert Newman, J.J. Farrell, St. John Rowlandson, Denis Johnston, and David Sherlock concerning the Home Rule Bill, funding for the Irish Parliamentary Party and the Land Bill, 1913.
Correspondence mainly between John Redmond, George Sheridan, William Francis Cotton and Thomas Conolly concerning the payment of the Parnell monument and placing it in the possession of Dublin Corporation, 1912-1914.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, and associated documents, including many items relating to the Irish Volunteers and reports of the Buckingham Palace Conference, 1914.
Correspondence between John Redmond and various individuals, reports of interviews with Lloyd George, Augustine Birrell, H.H. Asquith, copy reports from newspapers regarding the Exclusion proposal, the risk of civil war over Home Rule and other associated documents, 1914 January-April.
Letters to John Redmond from various correspondents relating to the Irish Volunteers, Home Rule and the Buckingham Palace Conference, 1914 June-July.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning the delivery of a consignment of rifles and ammunition, the Home Rule question and recruitment to the newly formed 16th Division, 1914 August-October.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond relating to political matters, 1914 November-December.
Correspondence, memoranda, notes, newspaper cuttings and statistical tables relating to recruitment and enlistment in Ireland, 1914-1918.
Lists of members of the Dublin Armaments Committee, Cork Committee, Irish Selection Board, an application form for admission to an Officer Cadet Unit and a note by John Redmond on the expenditure of army divisions in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and South Africa, [1915].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents relating to recruitment, the Irish troops at Gallipoli, Redmond's visit to France, the Irish National Volunteers and the Waterford Hosuing loan, 1915.
Correspondence between John Redmond, James Myles Hogge and Revered Bernard Vaughan concerning political matters such as the Home Rule Bill, [1915].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters, 1915 January-March.
Correspondence between John Redmond, C.C. Cregan, P.T. Miles and Charles Riggs regarding the National Volunteers in Limerick, Redmond’s gift of the wolfhound to the Irish Brigade and delivery of Rifles to the National Volunteers, 1915 June.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning a National Committee meeting of the National Volunteers, the Ministry of Munitions, recruitment, and the 16th Irish Division, 1915 June-July.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters such as the Waterford Housing Loan and an interview with David Lloyd George, 1915 August.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, copy correspondence, memorandums, and maps concerning political matters, 1915 September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding political matters such as Home Rule, the handling of applications to military commissions, and the National Volunteers in Limerick, 1915 September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning recruitment in Ireland, conscription, the Irish Volunteers, the Royal Irish Fusiliers and Redmond’s tour of the front in France, 1915 November.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning the Irish Benedictine nuns of Ypres and Redmond’s recommendation of Major Pope-Hennessy, 1915 December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated documents, including references to recruitment, the Easter Rising week and its aftermath, the 'Freeman's Journal', 1916.
Correspondence, memorandums, statement and draft speech relating to the strengths of the Royal Irish Constabulary, the necessity of releasing interned prisoners, the opposition to the introduction of conscription to Ireland and funds administered by the by the Department of Agriculture, [1916].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters, 1916 February-March.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters such as the aftermath of the Easter Rising and the Home Rule issue, 1916 May.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters such as the aftermath of the Easter Rising and matters of the Freeman's Journal, 1916 June-August.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond mainly concerning matters of the 'Freeman's Journal', 1916 September.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning the 'Freeman’s Journal', regulations in respect of awarding posthumous honours and the National Volunteers, 1916 November-December.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, with associated papers, including references to East Clare, South Longford and Kilkenny elections, the Irish National Volunteers, the 'Freeman's Journal', the death of Thomas Ashe and the Irish Convention, 1917.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning personal and political matters, 1917 January-March.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond including references to United Irish League, elections in Clare and South Longford, the financial position of the ‘Freeman’s Journal’ and the death of Captain William Redmond, 1917 April-June.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond concerning political matters such as potential candidates for elections in Kilkenny and candidates for positions at the Irish Convention, 1917 July-August.
Copy article reporting an interview between Monsignor Kennedy and the Lord Chancellor and copy letter from Major Ivan H. Price to James O’Connor, Attorney General concerning the Irish Parliamentary Party and a conversation with Eoin Mac Neill, 1917 September.
Correspondence, copy memoranda, forms mainly referring to the classification and treatment of political prisoners in Ireland such as Thomas Ashe, 1917 September-December.
Correspondence between John Redmond, John Hughes, P.B. Treacy, Lord Rothmere and R.H. Lambert regarding Redmond’s efforts to get Hughes released from prison, the proposed schools to be developed in memory of Monsignor Kelly, Dean of Elphin and the health of Redmond’s dog, 1918 January-February.
Memoranda, printed statements, agendas and circulars relating to the Irish Convention, including items relating to coinage, conscription, constitution and finance, 1917-1918.
Confidential report on the Irish Convention, ‘Comparative table shewing the principal provisions of the Home Rule Bills of 1886 and 1893 and the Government of Ireland Act, 1914’ and ‘Forms of government with the Empire’, 1917.
Notes, memorandum, comparative tables, minutes of meetings and reports relating to the Irish Convention, Land Purchase, to Irish revenue and expenditure and Electoral Systems, 1914-1917.
Memoranda, reports, proposals, schemes relating to the Irish Convention, Land Purchase, Taxation and analysis of the Fiscal Question, 1917-1918.
Memorandum on the prohibition on legislation in respect of coinage, trademarks, patents and copyright to the Irish Parliament, [1917].
Statistical information extracted from the 1911 Census, memoranda, notes, proposals, and lists concerning the constitutional and governmental aspects of the legislative schemes discussed at the Irish Convention, [1917].
Notes on proposals to exempt customs from the fiscal powers given to Ireland under any scheme for domestic self-government and statements by Cork and Dublin Chamber of Commerce, [1917].
Document titled ‘Powers of the Senate with regard to Money Bills’ and memoranda on the concession of fiscal autonomy under any scheme for domestic self-government, 1917.
Maps, tables, memoranda, newspaper cuttings relating mainly to Home Rule and the Ulster question, 1911-[1916].
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond, and associated documents on several subjects including local government, redistribution of seats in Parliament, finance, university education, and the law dealing with contempt of court, 1900-1910.
Fragmentary notes, drafts and legal opinions regarding the law in relation to committal for contempt of court and James Francis Oswald on contempt of court, [1882-1902].
Letter from members of the Irish Parliamentary Party to John Redmond regarding a meeting to discuss the Local Government Bill, [1903?].
Notes, figures, newspaper cutting, extracts from speeches, and copy article regarding proposals for the redistribution of Irish parliamentary seats and the Irish Reform Acts 1832, [1901].
Memorandum on the awarding of scholarships at Royal University of Ireland and note on university education in Ireland, [1900].
Fragmentary notes, correspondence, memorandum and figures concerning a variety of topics such as grievances on the Ordnance Survey, record of members of government who voted in favour of omitting the Arms Act (Ireland) for years 1900-1905 and a statue in honour of Joseph Cowen in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, [1900-1905].
Fragmentary letters and notes to John Redmond concerning political matters such as enlistment in Ireland, [1880-1916].
Correspondence between John Redmond and various correspondents concerning political matters such as John Daly’s proposed candidature for Limerick, a clause in the land bill and a speech at Clongowes Wood College, undated.
Correspondence between John Redmond, Bertie Redmond, Lilian Redmond and William Redmond concerning family affairs and matters relating to his estate, undated.
A ‘Mutual Bank / New York’ cheque book and notes of various individuals addresses in Boston, undated.
Autobiographical note by John Redmond, newspaper cuttings highlighting Redmond’s speeches and public appearances in Ireland, England and America, 1881-[1888].
Miscellaneous 19th century documents relating to the Redmond family including deeds, wills, papers on family estates and other memorobilia, 1748-1889.
Deeds, indentures, wills and annotated parcels containing locks of hair from members of the Redmond family, 1740-1891.
Correspondence, notes, funeral expenses, baptismal certificate of John Richard Redmond and newspaper cuttings regarding the parliamentary activities of William Archer Redmond, 1822-1900.
Correspondence of various members of the Redmond family concerning political and private affairs, 1822-1878.
'Case for the opinion of Sir Henry Meredith', concerning Roman Catholic clergymen in Ireland and whether they should be subject to any fine or penalty for performing a marriage of a Roman Catholic minor whose guardian will not consent to his marrying until he is of age, 1882 November 27.
Newspaper cuttings regarding a variety of topics such as the sale of John Redmond’s estate, Home Rule, statistics for intoxicated persons in Ireland, education, mixed marriages between Catholics and Protestants, and emigration, 1905-1911.
Newspaper cuttings regarding a variety of topics such as Parnell statue, David Lloyd George’s budget, William Bourke Cockran and Home Rule, Ireland’s external trade, 1907-1918.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles regarding a variety of topics such as John Muldoon’s letter to T.M. Healy, Home Rule, religious matters, obituaries for John Redmond and his funeral, 1911-1918.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles regarding political matters such as Home Rule Bill, the Ulster Question, Home Rule in Germany, recruitment, John Redmond's speech and Castledawson riots, 1911-1912.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles regarding political matters such as Home Rule, Land Purchase, tobacco, the Ulster Question and printed information from a lecture which was held in the Abbey Theatre, Dublin titled ‘The Record of Ulster In Irish Patriotism’, 1911-1912.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles regarding political matters such as Home Rule Bill, the Ulster crisis, the Irish National Volunteers, the War Office attitude and emigration, 1914.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles regarding political matters such as Recruitment, the Irish National Volunteers, Irish casualties in British divisions and taxation, 1915.
Newspaper cuttings regarding a variety of topics such as the Irish Parliamentary Party, the Ulster Conference, Recruitment in Ireland, Prime Minister’s Statement, the Easter Rising, 1916.
Newspaper cuttings regarding a variety of topics such as the Irish Convention, Sinn Féin Prisoners, the death of John Redmond and the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1917-1918.
Newspaper cuttings, extracts of speeches, opinions and draft notes regarding a variety of topics such as federalism, the Government of Ireland Bill, Home Rule, evicted tenants, parliamentary reform, undated.
Newspaper cuttings, extracts of speeches, opinions and draft notes regarding a variety of topics such as the Government of Ireland Bill, Irish Catholic University, Hindu proverbs, Home Rule Conference (1873), Sir Edward Grey on Colonial Home Rule, South Africa and the War, undated.
Newspaper cuttings contained in annotated envelopes relating to Augustine Birrell’s speeches, winter assizes, crime in England, Outrages and Castle jobbery, 1907.
Newspaper cuttings regarding William O'Brien, his attitude towards the Irish Parliamentary Party and efforts for "united action", 1907.
Newspaper cuttings relating to Mr. Chamberlain’s plan, Augustine Birrell’s Irish Council Bill and a meeting of the Taghmon Branch of the United Irish League, 1907.
Newspaper cuttings relating to a meeting of the United Irish League, Sir Thomas Esmonde, the Irish Parliamentary Party, the Sinn Féin movement, John E. Redmond and Home Rule, 1907.
Newspaper cuttings and notes regarding an explosion at Lord Ashtown's Lodge at Glenaheiry, County Waterford, 1907.
Newspaper cuttings regarding Home Rule, Irish Land Purchase, the Labourers’ Act, the evicted tenants’ question, the Gaelic League memorandum, Parnell Monument, United Irish League and the University Question, 1907.
Newspaper cuttings regarding the Irish Land Purchase, Irish Landowners Convention and Irish Land Bill, 1908.
Newspaper cuttings relating to a variety of subjects such as the Eucharist Procession, tuberculosis, Home Rule, Irish taxation, United Irish League, Irish Parliamentary Party’s mission to America, Irish Tobacco, 1908.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles relating to a variety of subjects such as the split in the Irish Party, education in Ireland, Irish Local Government Bill, the South Meath election petition, Home Rule Bill and centenary celebrations of the 1798 Rebellion, 1895-1901.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles relating to a variety of subjects such as Joseph Chamberlain’s National Councils plan, Canada and Ireland, Irish evicted tenants, national education in Ireland, the Eucharistic procession, the United Irish League and Newcastle election, 1844-1908.
Newspaper cuttings and fragmentary articles on a variety of subjects such as the University question, Redistribution and American support for the Parnell monument, 1833-1901.
Newspaper cuttings relating to Lord Dudley’s Home Rule declarations and speeches, Irish Reform, Cork Model School, Lord De Freyne Case, the Parnell Monument, Irish Parliamentary Fund and Augustus Saint-Gaudens, 1874-1906.
Newspaper cuttings regarding the imprisonment of William Redmond, the depopulation of Ireland, the Redmond Estate, the land question, the Parnell monument and William O’Brien’s resignation from the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1903.
Newspaper cuttings regarding topics such as the University Question, the sale of John Redmond’s estate, the Irish in America and the drainage of Irish Rivers, 1901-1904.
Newspaper cuttings regarding topics such as emigration, Australia and Home Rule, Belfast Roman Catholic Association, Redistribution and the United Irish League Conventions, 1901-1910.
Newspaper cuttings, fragmentary articles and notes regarding topics such as Waterford Bridge, Roman Catholics and the Education Bill, United Irish League, the Land Conference report, Irish police, Irish exhibition at the World’s Fair and Home Rule, 1904-1906.
Miscellaneous empty covers and fragmentary notes by Denis Gwynn relating to the Redmond papers, 1931-1953.
Annotated report on the Redmond Papers and correspondence between Denis Gwynn and Edward MacLysaght concerning the provenance and content of the collection, 1952-1953.
Correspondence between John Redmond, General Sir Lawrence Parsons, H. J. Tennant and Augustine Birrell concerning designs for a badge for the 16th Irish Division, 1914 November-1915 June.
Correspondence between John Redmond, Herbert Henry Asquith, Augustine Birrell, Percy Holden Illingworth, Edward Grey and Lord Arran concerning Home Rule and Amending bills, 1914 April-September.
Newspaper cuttings relating to the recruitment of the Irish National and Ulster Volunteers into the British army, Home Rule and the War, 1914-1915.
Memoranda, proposals and statements concerning the prohibition on legislation in respect of coinage, trademarks, patents and copyright, the establishment of an Irish Council of State, electoral systems and the Irish Convention, [1917-1918].
Memoranda, notes and tables relating to the constitutional and governmental aspects of the legislative schemes discussed at the Irish Convention, the redistribution of seats in Ireland, the religious professions in various Irish constituencies and urban representation, [1917-1918].
Correspondence between John Redmond and various correspondents regarding matters such as Home Rule, affairs of the United Irish League of America, the arms question in Ireland and World War, 1914-1915.
Correspondence between John Redmond and William J. Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin, regarding political matters such as elections in Wicklow, the University Question and a Convention, 1895-1912.
Correspondence between John Redmond, F.D. Acland, Patrick O’Donnell, Augustine Birrell and Robert Cecil regarding correspondence of the Irish Bishops and an Irish College in Rome, 1915.
Figures, notes, and speeches relating to the Home Rule Bill, 1911 Census, Ireland and the War, [1914].
Extract from General Sir Lawrence Parsons letter refusing a commission for William Redmond, undated [1914].
Letter from Nicholas M. O’Donnell to John Dillon regarding Judge Higgins of the Commonwealth High Court visiting Ireland and hoping Dillon ensures he will get a "warm reception", 1916 April 26.
Letters from various correspondents to John Redmond regarding subjects such as the National Volunteers and recruitment in Ireland for the army, 1914-1915.
Letter from Edmond Cotter to T.P. O’Connor offering his services to the Irish Volunteers and stating he hopes to meet a member from the Irish Parliamentary Party whilst he is in London, 1914 June 10.
Partial memorandum by William Redmond concerning the six northern counties of Ireland, [1914 June 30].
Illustrated certificate presented to John Redmond awarded by the United Irish League of Great Britain, 1907 Nov. 27.
Certificate marking John Redmond’s visit to the Dungarvan Branch of the United Irish League, 1905 Dec. 3.
Illustrated certificate acknowledging a meeting of the Council of the Corporation of Drogheda on 19th Feb. 1902 upon John Edward Redmond, 1904 November 4.
Address to John Redmond from the Cavan Urban District Council declaring their support for the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1907 November 24.
Certificate marking John Redmond’s visit to Seymour in Australia and voicing the Irish-Australian support for Redmond’s mission of Home Rule, undated.
Address to John Redmond from the Enniscorthy Urban District Council declaring their support for the Irish Parliamentary Party, 1907 Oct. 21.
When Papa Smurf leads the Smurfs on a trek into the woods to find food, they encounter the strange Wild Smurf, while the evil Gargamel hatches a plot to destroy the Smurf Village.
Turmoil strikes the Smurfs village! When a fire forces the Smurfs to relocate, everything changes. Not only does Gargamel discover the location of their home, the crisis also reveals the existence of a whole new forest creature - the Wild Smurf!One of the most dramatic Smurfs adventures ever begins with the animals fleeing the forest because of a deadly forest fire. The Smurfs attempt to extinguish the fire, but after several attempts fail, Papa Smurf makes a selfless decision to blow up the Smurf Dam. It succeeds in putting out the fire, but destroys the Smurf Village and all of Farmer Smurf's crops. The Smurfs travel north to another part of the forest to procure food, but while they're away, their nemesis, Gargamel stumbles upon the wreckage of the Smurfs Village. Gargamel concludes the Smurfs must've relocated, and that wonders if he'll ever see the Smurfs again. But the Smurfs do return to their village and are startled to see Gargamel's footprints. As if that wasn't bad enough, the Smurfs sense they are being watched - and they are!
Pierre Culliford, born in Belgium in 1928, was the cartoonist known as Peyo. Peyo began his career working with some of Belgium's most talented cartoonists, including his lifelong writing partner Yvan Delporte. In 1958, The Smurfs made their first appearance and went on to become the world-famous characters we know and love today.
The mystery at the Calgary Stampede / created by Gertrude Chandler Warner ; illustrated by Anthony VanArsdale.
"The Aldens are on a special vacation up north to see the Calgary Stampede -- a cowboy celebration of Canada's frontier spirit! There's a parade through the streets of Calgary, a spectacular stage show, and plenty of fun things to do. But behind the scenes at the festival, an important piece of jewelry goes missing. Can the Boxcar Children find the thief before the big show is ruined?"--Jacket flap.
The Aldens head up north for the Calgary Stampedeâa cowboy celebration of Canada's frontier spirit! But when a valuable piece of jewelry from the festival's history vanishes, the children are on the case. Can the Boxcar Children find the thief before the big show?
Gertrude Chandler Warner was born in 1890 in Putnam, Connecticut, where she taught school and wrote The Boxcar Children because she had often imagined how delightful it would be to live in a caboose or freight car. Encouraged by its success, she went on to write eighteen more stories about the Alden Children.
I know you'll be VERY satisfied after this AMAZING video ðŸ˜� | High School Musical 1 | A Student's Manual for A First Course in General Relativity (2016) - pdf - zeke23
Thanks to their adorable sons, Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz have some seriously sweet Instagram feeds.
newsletter, the 36-year-old said she was tired of “the constant judgement of women” and said she was constantly fearful of being judged if she was to be photographed not wearing any make-up.
After gaining confidence she made the decision to not wear make-up and said it resulted in her feeling “the strongest, most empowered, most free and most honestly beautiful that I have ever felt”.
Remember that infamous kiss by Alicia Keys and husband Swizz Beatz while they were on vacation as his newly ex-wife Mashonda sat next to them.
Well, despite all the media uproar and trending topics, Mashonda was not bothered by their public show of affection.…y’all know Swizzy is only like 116 pounds soaking wet…in the hell did he pull this off??More family vacay flicks of the whole crew, including Mashonda, next…The two boys are Swizz Beatz's fourth and fifth kids, as he also has three other children from previous relationships: Prince, Kasseem, and Nicole.Keep reading for a look at the sweetest photos Alicia and Swizz have shared of their cute sons.Remember a few years ago when Swizz Beatz’ ex-wife Mashonda was repeatedly putting Alicia Keys on blast for publicly coupling up with Swizzy while they were still married?
SmartCash is a project born out of the desire to create a viable, fungible, fast, merchant oriented, user friendly and community driven cryptocurrency with a decentralized governance system. We aim to create the most nimble and fast growing cryptocurrency by aggressively prioritizing block rewards to growing our community, hiring developers, gaining merchant acceptance and via grassroots community outreach efforts and established marketing methods.
Bitcoin Cash brings sound money to the world, fulfilling the original promise of Bitcoin as “Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash”. Merchants and users are empowered with low fees and reliable confirmations. The future shines brightly with unrestricted growth, global adoption, permissionless innovation, and decentralized development. All Bitcoin holders as of block 478558 are also owners of Bitcoin Cash. All are welcome to join the Bitcoin Cash community as we move forward in creating sound money accessible to the whole world.
Australia’s biggest banks have ruled out any notion of barring customers from buying cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. In marked contrast to a handful of US-based Wall Street banks and one major UK banking group, Australia’s traditional ‘big four’ banks won’t be withholding their customers from buying cryptocurrencies using their banks’ services, including credit cards, Australia’s ABC news reports. While Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) rejects dealing with businesses operating as ‘issuers, dealers or exchanges’ of cryptocurrency due to their unregulated nature, the bank has no qualms about its customers buying cryptocurrencies with their money.
Following a keen study on cryptocurrencies and their trading by the country’s central bank, Singapore’s deputy prime minister has stressed there is no reason to ban cryptocurrency trading among residents. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Singapore’s deputy prime minister and minister in charge of the central bank, was speaking at a parliamentary session yesterday when he fielded questions by three Members of Parliament (MEPs) about any potential ban of cryptocurrency trading in Singapore. The questions pointedly mentioned China’s ban on domestic exchanges and South Korea’s similar – but now debunked – hostile stance with local trading markets. Is “any action…being considered to ban the trading of bitcoin currency or cryptocurrency…?” was one of the questions posed.
This recipe for gluten-free chocolate chip cookies is nearly perfect, once the (bleck!) sorghum is substituted out in favor of almond flour. I don't stock amaranth, so swap in brown rice flour or millet flour there. And, wow, does the salt content need to be dialed back several notches.
It produces a nice chewy-on-the-inside-crumbly-on-the-outside cookie at 350 degrees. Normally I am hugely biased toward gooey when it comes to baked goods. But this dough turns sublime when baked to a meringue cookie-like crispness at 200 degrees. The difficulty there is that it takes ages to bake, while filling the house with irresistible aroma. Not fair.﻿
Thanks for viewing ideas for toddler playroom decoration kids playroom furniture toddler playrooms ideas children photo. This photo ideas for toddler playroom has been uploaded by author in chirva.info August 13, 2018, 8:07 am. You can easily explore ideas for toddler playroom decoration kids playroom furniture toddler playrooms ideas children or further useful posts storage ideas for childrens playrooms, ideas for toddler girl playroom, creative ideas for childrens playroom in interior and exterior category.
Had another mediocre day today. Decent quantity, but pretty bad quality. I didn't get any of the big guys. I skipped Strasburg's line, as that guy isn't worth wasting my time on. Zimmerman, Gonzalez, and LaRoche signed in the back of the practice facility, but I missed them. I saw Edwin Jackson signing, but was searching for Gonzalez and missed getting him.
The worst thing about today was waiting for Bryce Harper in the parking lot. A group of about 12-15 of us waiting until 5:00 for Harper. Everybody else had left, including coaches. When Harper finally emerged, he took the center field path to avoid us.
During the workout, I saw an older gentleman walking around with his grandson. I took a good look at him, and thought that it was Bill Singer. I've been carrying his cards around for years, as he is the Scouting Director for the Nats. I asked him if he was Bill Singer, and it turned out I was right. I tried to find all of the regulars I know to point him out to them, as I figured I couldn't be the only one carrying his cards around. One other person had stuff for him.
The only other remotely interesting thing that happened was getting called out by Matt Purke. I got him on 2 cards (out of 4) in the parking lot in the morning. He was signing again after the workout, so I tried to get him again. He said "Didn't you get me this morning?" When I said yes, he handed my book back without signing.
Here is a close up of some detail ink work on a sea turtle. Sorry for the blur, crappy phone pic again.
Nothing fancy here. Just a drawing and doodling fool. A little bit of everything and anything. Willing to doodle for cash, beer, or pizza.
Marc Théréné a été graphiste / illustrateur puis directeur artistique. Il a ensuite travaillé comme conseil en communication spécialisé dans la création d’images de marques. Il a dirigé sa propre agence, « Tokyo », une dizaine d’années, puis il a été directeur de Création, pour L’Oréal. Il s’est récemment installé à côté de Maintenon, pour s’investir désormais dans des activités artistiques comme ses « Dancing Flowers ».
Kids Computer is an educational application with multiple types of entertaining games that helps children to learn. Kids Computer teaches the alphabet with objects that have the letter of the alphabet for example A is for Apple, B is for Bee, etc
Inferno MeltdownQuestsInferno Meltdown is another cool firefighter platform game from ThePodge. Take on the role of a firefighter and put out hazardous fires that threaten civilian populations and property. Aim the hose with your mouse and move the firebot with WASD. Drop sprinklers with SPACEBAR. Prevent the meltdown and stop the inferno!Play
The Great Bathroom EscapeQuestsYou've escaped a living room, you've escaped a kitchen, and now; you must escape... a bathroom. Have you got what it takes?Play
Chef Bill Bigham's mission is to ensure that all of his clients have a truly outstanding culinary experience.
Please take a few moments to explore this website. Please feel free to contact Chef Bill with any questions that you might have. You can reach him by e-mail at chefbill2005@me.com or by phone at 704.572.0385.
This light and wonderful dish can be served hot or cold. All the components lend themselves to a great side or meal.
2. Spread evenly on a baking sheet and roast for 35-40 minutes at 425° degrees. Cauliflower will be browned in spots.
Plate quinoa in center of plate and divide cauliflower mixture around. Drizzle with any remaining sauce if needed.
Here is the latest information on Charming Fresh Boys Bedrooms Best 25 Boy Bedrooms Ideas On Pinterest Boy Rooms Big Boy. This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Charming Fresh Boys Bedrooms Best 25 Boy Bedrooms Ideas On Pinterest Boy Rooms Big Boy may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
Love Stories Mayer Computer Services Out of the many responses which we have got so far from people who succeeded in finding their dream dates through our service, here are just a few examples. These are actual people, and their stories can be verified by journalists.
Sixteen aspiring mixed martial artists live together, train together and compete against each other to become the Ultimate Fighter. They receive coaching from UFC champions and contenders in a variety of martial arts including wrestling, boxing,...
"Its the light heavyweight challenges, which ends in the loser having to fight in the octagon for their chance to stay in the ultimate fighter."
"American Top Team rallies around their fighters, pushing themselves through the challenges ahead. Meanwhile, the Blackzilians must stay strong through the turbulence of the competition."
"28 middleweights arrive in Las Vegas for a shot at a UFC contract. Coaches Chael Sonnen and UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones evaluate the winners of 14 Elimination Fights. Teams are chosen, and the first Preliminary Fight is announced."
"The sixteen lightweights enter the new Ultimate Fighter House with optimism and curiosity as they scope out where they'll be residing over the next six weeks. Dana then chimes in with his analysis of the demeanor of the 155 lb. class calling them crazy mother******s with chips on their shoulders. Dana then introduces the two coaches for this season Jens Pulver and BJ Penn. Dana explains that the coaches have fought before and have some bad blood between them. Dana also reveals that like every prior season the coaches will fight each other at the end of the series, but..."
"Fighters recap the first preliminary fight between Allen Berube and Cole Miller. They explain how Allen quickly took Cole down, but Cole was able to quickly get Allen in a triangle from his back. Allen tried to knock Cole out with hammer fists but Cole tightened the triangle and got Allen to tap-out. After winning, Cole ran out of the octagon crying. He was emotional because he expected his journey to get into the UFC to take much longer than it did. In Cole's dressing room, Manny presents Cole with a homemade UFC belt that he wants each of his teammates to wear after..."
"The episode begins recounting Manny Gamburyan's decisive victory over Noah Thomas. Dana talks about how Jens Pulver has two wins over Team Penn and that it's driving BJ nuts. Jens still controls the fight selection and BJ feels that Gabe Ruediger could be picked next due to his weight issues. With this in mind, Gabe asks BJ to arrange a colonic for him. Back at the house, Team Pulver returns and awards Manny the house UFC Belt for his win over Noah. Later that evening, Nate Diaz sits around the fire pit with some of his teammates and stews about needing to fight as ..."
"The fighters recap the action packed fight between Rob Emerson and Nate Diaz, which ends in victory for Nate. Team Pulver goes into a training session where Jens Pulver can't help but notice that Wayne Weems is really behind the rest of his fighters. At Team Penn's training session, Gabe talks to BJ about wanting to fight Wayne Weems for his preliminary fight. Gabe says he's the obvious choice if you want to get to the next round, and that, someone has got to do it, so why not him. Unbeknownst to Gabe, Rob Emerson is in the corner of the gym, listening to the ..."
"Team Pulver has racked up four wins in a row against Team Penn. Still struggling with his weight, Gabe Ruediger is the likely target for Team Pulver's winning machine."
"It's two fights in one show. It's Joe Lauzon vs. Brian Geraghty, followed by Rob Emerson vs. Corey Hill. Who will move on to the next round and gets a shot at the ultimate prize."
"After five humiliating losses, BJ shakes things up and kicks one of his fighters off his team and the next two fights marks the end of the preliminary round of the competition."
"Tensions at The Ultimate Fighter house reach an all time high and a fight breaks out. The quarterfinal match ups are announced. Who will be the first lightweight to make it into the semi-final round?"
"Guest Coach Randy \"The Natural\" Couture pays a visit to Team Penn to offer his expertise and to support one of his proteges? Gray Maynard as prepares to enter the quarterfinals against Brandon Melendez"
"It's the last two quarterfinal match ups. Two fighters from Team Pulver go head to head in the third quarterfinal fight but only one will advance to the semi-finals. And Manny gets a visitor as he prepares for the last quarterfinal bout."
"Manny Gamburyan's cousin and UFC veteran Karo Parisyan almost gets into a fist fight with Nate Diaz and the first semi-final fight takes place with the winner moving one step closer to becoming the next Ultimate Fighter."
"This season of the Ultimate Fighter features heavyweights including superstar street fighter Kimbo Slice. Coaches Rampage Jackson and Rashad Evans continually argue before picking teams. The first preliminary fight takes place."
"One fighter cuts loose and another alienates himself while the others hit Hooters. Josh Samman's recurring leg pain lands him in the hospital. Cop-turned-fighter Jimmy Quinlan faces Team Jones first pick Clint Hester in the sixth Preliminary Fight."
"The fighters take a break to watch UFC 200 at the house. Then, in the 7th fight of round 1, a ground specialist takes on an all-around threat as the #7 and the #10 seeds step into the octagon."
"Tate teammates Sarah Moras and Julianna Pe\u00c3\u0083\u00c2\u00b1a are matched up in the first women's semifinal fight of the competition. The fight promises to be one of emotion as Pe\u00c3\u0083\u00c2\u00b1a attempts to avenge a loss to Moras earlier in her career."
"Cody puts his team through an innovative training technique to help improve their endurance. Then, close friends are forced to fight each other in the fifth preliminary matchup."
"American Top Team must bring out one of their heaviest hitters in hopes of securing a win in the next fight. However, the quest for victory becomes more complicated when a Blackzilian rival rises to the challenge."
"The Ultimate Fighter Finale is finally set. Artem Lobov takes on Ryan Hall for the title and six figure contract with the UFC."
"American Top Team digs deep and battles personal demons in their tireless quest for victory. Meanwhile, the stress of the competition takes a toll on a member of the Blackzilians, which forces them to make some tough decisions."
"UFC women's bantamweight champion Miesha Tate pays a surprise visit to a Team Claudia practice. One of the semifinalists struggles with a difficult weight cut, putting her fight future in jeapordy. Then, two strawweights face off in the Octagon with a spot in the finale on the line."
"Dana White welcomed 28 fighters to the \"new and improved\" UFC training facility and announces that only 14 will get to go to The Ultimate Fighter house. He also announces a format change for the season: following the first round, White and the coaches will pick two fighters who were eliminated in the first round will be picked as wild cards. These two wild card fighters will fight for another chance to go to the second round."
"Chuck and Tito officially choose their teams. The first fight between the teams is named: Kyle Noke vs. Clayton McKinney."
"Dana White called out Chris Camozzi telling him that what he thought was just a minor tooth ache, was actually a broken jaw. Because of this injury, Camozzi was sent home. Seth Baczynski replaces him. Second fight is named: Brad Tavares vs James Hammortree"
"As training continues in preparation for the semifinals, the coaches engage in a prank war. Then, two flyweights take to the Octagon to face off in the first semifinal fight."
"The teams and their coaches react to the latest fight announcement in their respective locker rooms. The fighters for the upcoming bout feel confident in their ability to come out victorious. Back at the house, last episode's loser struggles with the agonizing pain of defeat while his teammates try to console him. As the competition heats up, Conor goes back to the gym to work with his fighters. Having a very clear idea of how the next fight will unfold, Conor devotes his practice to a series of mat exercises and grappling drills. Meanwhile, during Team USA practice, ..."
"After Dana White greets the fighters and outlines a few exciting new twists for Season 14, 16 bantamweight and 16 featherweight hopefuls face off in a day of elimination fights at the Mandalay Bay Events Center. Coaches Michael Bisping and Jason \"Mayhem\" Miller take in the action from the sidelines."
"Tempers flare during a Team Bisping practice. As the pranks ramp up a nasty rivalry brews between Akira Corassani and Dustin Neace, while John Dodson forms an alliance with members of the blue team. Then, two bantamweights square off in the second quarterfinal fight."
"Bisping uses insider information to prepare his next fighter. Mayhem tries to identify who on his team is consorting with the enemy. Preliminary fights 3 and 4 result in a Featherweight and a Bantamweight moving ahead in the competition."
"Mayhem hatches a sneaky plan to throw off Team Bisping. The rivalry between Akira Corassani and Dustin Neace turns ugly, setting off a melee at the gym. Team Mayhem goes for its fifth straight win as two more featherweights face off."
"Team pranks reach a new high as Bisping and Tiki execute their master plan against Team Miller. Akira's antics earn him a handful of new enemies. A spot in the Featherweight finale is at stake when Akira faces Dennis in the first Semifinal."
"In the coaches' challenge, Miller and Bisping play a high stakes game of air hockey on the roof of the Palms. And Bantamweight semifinalists TJ Dillashaw and Dustin Pague contend for a spot in the finale."
"The last two semifinals determine who will move on to the finale. Bantamweight Johnny Bedford looks to shut down loud-mouthed teammate John Dodson. And loose cannon Diego Brandao challenges nervous Nellie Bryan Caraway for the Featherweight slot."
"Kevin Casey responds after Bubba McDaniel calls him out. Coach Sonnen gives advice to a fighter lacking confidence. Coach Jones bonds with his team during a house visit. Uriah Hall and Adam Cella deliver explosive action in the Octagon."
"UFC President Dana White greets 32 eager welterweights at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. Opposing coaches Roy 'Big Country' Nelson and Shane Carwin watch with Dana as 16 fighters prevail in a full day of Elimination fights, then team picks"
"Just a day after moving into the TUF House, vicious smack talk begins between the fighters. Roy Nelson and Shane Carwin begin team training. Then two welterweights face off in the first preliminary fight."
"When one fighter engages in noisy late night activities, he creates enemies on both teams. Coach Carwin announces his first match-up, sending two more Welterweights into the Octagon for the 2nd Preliminary fight."
"Dana treats the fighters to a special outing away from the house. After Roy uses a bizarre method to pick the next matchup, one fighter's weight problem puts his future in jeopardy. Then, two more welterweights face off in the Octagon."
"Julian Lane lashes out after being disrespected by another fighter. Team Nelson wants more coaching from Roy. Mike Ricci once again finds himself at odds with Nic Herron-Webb. Coach Carwin chooses two Welterweights to collide in the 4th Preliminary fight"
"While Team Nelson has doubts about leadership, Carwin puts his squad through an unusual training session away from the gym. A prank at the house ignites heated talk between fighters. Then two more welterweights face off in the fifth preliminary fight."
"Nelson once again has a fighter choose his opponent. Former UFC Light Heavyweight Champ Forrest Griffin drops in for training. The feud between Hill and Secor reaches a boiling point. Dana White expresses outrage after the result of the 6th Prelim Fight."
"After the trash talk heats up, a scuffle ensues. Dana visits the house to give the fighters an eye-opening lecture. Then two more welterweights face off in the 7th preliminary fight."
"James Chaney owns up to his unsportsmanlike conduct. One fighter turns against his friend. Team Carwin's Mike Ricci takes on Nelson number one pick Dom Waters in the final preliminary fight. Dana White announces the Quarterfinal match-ups."
"The rift grows between Canadians Michael Hill and Mike Ricci. The Quarterfinals kick off as Bristol Marunde faces Neil Magny. Then, after a near-brawl at the weigh-in, Colton Smith takes on Igor Araujo with a spot in the Semis on the line."
"Quarterfinal action continues as Nelson teammates Joey Rivera and Jon Manley face-off to stay in the competition. The tension builds between fellow Canadians Michal Hill and Mike Ricci before they enter the Octagon to unleash their aggression."
"Team UK relax and enjoy a visit from some Australian Rugby stars.Team Australia, fighters are forced to pick sides, as teammates Lucas and Whittaker put friendship aside and throw down for a chance to fly the Aussie flag and square off in the finale."
"14 victorious middleweights move into the house, and training begins. Gilbert Smith gets emotional after his team shows serious doubts about his readiness. Then Smith faces Luke Barnatt in the first preliminary fight."
"Both teams face off in a spontaneous rap battle at the house. A prank ignites smack talk that carries over to the weigh-in. Then Collin Hart and Kevin Casey face off in the third preliminary fight."
"Actor Mickey Rourke visits Team Sonnen to share insights from his boxer days. Coach Jones wonders if Samman is ready to fight. Then the competition's youngest fighter, Gastelum of Team Sonnen, takes on Jones' highly experienced training partner, McDaniel."
"Uriah's attitude ignites a blowup, causing a major rift in Team Sonnen. While the fighters battle it out in a night of bowling, Jon and Chael raise the stakes in a game of their own. Then Josh Samman takes on Tor Troeng in the fifth preliminary fight."
"Josh Samman calls out a competitor to fight in the next round. Both teams unite for a Thanksgiving feast. Preliminary losers Bubba McDaniel and Kevin Casey battle for a chance to get back in the competition when they throw down in the Wild Card fight."
"Showboating striker, Josh Samman, faces the aggressive takedowns of Jimmy Quinlan in the 3rd Quarterfinal. After 3 fights in one month, Bubba McDaniel worries that his body may not be up to the challenge of taking on Uriah Hall in the fourth Quarterfinal."
"The coaches join the semifinalists on a visit to the Harley Davidson showroom. Then, the final four battle for a spot in the live finale. Josh Samman faces 21 year-old Kelvin Gastelum, and Uriah Hall guns for another knockout as he takes on Dylan Andrews."
"For the first time ever, women will compete on the Ultimate Fighter. Sixteen women will fight alongside sixteen men for their spot in the house. Coaches Ronda Rousey and Miesha Tate choose teams and the first Preliminary Fight is announced."
"Tensions rise as the coaches cross paths, and a hopeful fighter's UFC dream is threatened by injury. Then the women go to battle when the number one female picks Julianna Pena of Team Tate and veteran Shayna Baszler of Team Rousey square off."
"Team Tate is in the hunt for its second win as Chris Holdsworth takes on Rousey's number one male pick, Chris Beal. The coaches nearly come to blows over an old controversy, and hints of romance as the coeds settle into their new living arrangements."
"The feud between coaches heats up when assistant Edmond Traverdyan of Team Rousey and guest coach Dennis Hallman of Team Tate get into an altercation. Then, in the third prelim fight, Team Tate's Roxanne Modafferi takes on decorated boxer Jessica Rakoczy."
"The team Rousey fighters get some extra inspiration when Rousey invites her mother, winner of the 1984 World Judo Championships, to guest coach. Team Tate's Louis Fisette looks to redeem his elimination fight loss as he prepares for Rousey's David Grant."
"After the fighters attend a special Hooter's event, Anthony Gutierrez annoys everyone at the house. Then, Team Tate's Raquel Pennington takes on Jessamyn Duke of Team Rousey, with a spot in the semis on the line."
"It's the final two prelim fights! Anthony Gutierrez is slated to take on Team Tate's Cody Bollinger. On the women's side, Sarah Moras is matched up against the 6'1\" Peggy Morgan of Team Rousey. Which fighters will solidify their spots in the semi's?"
"Both teams head to Mandalay Bay where Ronda and Miesha face off in a rock climbing Coaches Challenge. Weight issues come into play leading up to the last men's semifinal, putting one fighter's dreams of fighting in the finale in jeopardy."
"Team Rousey's Jessica Rakoczy and Team Tate's Raquel Pennington are hit with serious injuries during training. Who can muster up the strength to fight through the pain, and earn a spot in the live finale against Julianna Pena?"
"It all comes down to this. Team Tate's David Grant will take on Team Rousey's Chris Holdsworth for the men's TUF 18 title. Then, Tate's Julianna Pena and Rousey's Jessica Rakoczy square off to see who will be crowned the first female Ultimate Fighter."
"16 promising middleweights and 16 up-and-coming light heavyweights battle it out in a day of elimination fights, hoping for a coveted spot in The Ultimate Fighter house, a chance at a six-figure UFC contract, and the title of...The Ultimate Fighter."
"Eight middleweights and eight light heavyweights move into the fighter house, ready to pursue their dream of becoming The Ultimate Fighter. The tournament kicks off with a matchup between Irishman Cathal Pendred and the Mexican-born Hector Urbina."
"After losing the first fight, Frankie Edgar brings in famed BJJ black belt Renzo Gracie to work with his team. While Team Penn's Daniel Spohn uses free time at the house to work on training techniques, Team Edgar preacher Todd Monaghan holds a sermon."
"Getting out to a 2-0 start, Team Penn looks to continue the streak. Meanwhile, at the house, a rivalry develops between two light heavyweights. In the Octagon, it's a middleweight battle as Tim Williams of Team Penn takes on Team Edgar's Dhiego Lima."
"On the heels of Tim Williams' suprising loss, BJ gives his team a lecture on the risks of overtraining. Team Edgar heads to the mountains for a scenic practice session. Then, former boxer Josh Clark faces skilled wrestler Corey Anderson of Team Edgar."
"The teams are tied heading into the third middleweight match-up of the season. Roger Zapata takes on the favored Ian Stephens and when the fight is finished, Dana reacts explosively to one of the most controversial bouts in TUF history."
"Tensions boil over at the house in the wake of Roger Zapata's controversial win over Ian Stephens, causing a rift between the teams. And in the sixth preliminary fight, wrestler Patrick Walsh of Team Edgar takes on Team Penn's #1 pick Anton Berzin."
"Team Penn's number one middleweight Mike King takes on the powerful underdog, Eddie Gordon of Team Edgar. Only one will win, earning a spot in the semifinals. And, BJ Penn and Frankie Edgar make a splash in this season's coaches' challenge."
"The fighters take a field trip to the Harley-Davidson Boot Camp. Cocky Matt Van Buren of Team Edgar and Irish fighter Chris Fields of Team Penn bring their rivalry to the Octagon in the last preliminary fight. Then, Dana announces the semifinal matchups."
"Teammates Patrick Walsh and Corey Anderson prepare to face off in the semi-finals. Training controversy causes the Edgar fighters to erupt in rage, and the coaches attempt to mediate. And then, it's a semifinal slugfest between light heavyweights."
"The remaining finale spots are determined in two semifinal fights. First, it's a middleweight battle as Dhiego Lima takes on Roger Zapata. Then, light heavyweights Matt Van Buren and Daniel Spohn face off in the most vicious battle of the season."
"Season 19 of The Ultimate Fighter wraps up as Matt Van Buren and Corey Anderson face off in the light heavyweight final, and Dhiego Lima and Eddie Gordon square off for the middleweight crown."
"For the first time in the history of the competition, The Ultimate Fighter will crown a champion. 16 of the most talented female fighters in the world arrive to the UFC training center to compete in a tournament to decide who will be the first first belt holder in the UFC's new 115 pound straw-weight division. Some are veterans of the women's fight organization Invicta, others chosen from an open tryout. Coaches Gilbert Melendez and current lightweight champion Anthony \"Showtime\" Pettis pick their squads, the women move into the house and begin training. Then, the ..."
"Hard training by Team Melendez takes it's toll on the fighters while the women on Team Pettis are frustrated by their overbearing coaches. Then, second ranked undefeated Joanne Calderwood faces the number fifteen ranked Emily Kagan for a spot in the quarterfinals."
"On the heels of Team Pettis' second win in a row, one of the fighters receives devastating news. After a silly game at the house turns raunchy, Heather Clark becomes an outcast on Team Melendez. Then in the third preliminary fight, #4 seed Jessica Penne of Team Pettis takes on #13 seed Lisa Ellis of Team Melendez, with a spot in the quarterfinals on the line."
"Aisling struggles get the attention of Dana White's attention. Tecia's return to the competition angers some fighters. Then, in the sixth fight of the tournament Team Pettis pits #5 ranked Aisling Daly against #12 ranked Angela Magana for a chance to advance to the quarterfinals."
"A group of Team Melendez fighters decide they want Tecia to move out of their room. At a pool party tensions between the fighters boil over. Then, in the final preliminary fight of the tournament Team Melendez sends #8 ranked Bec Rawlings against #3 ranked Tecia Torres for a chance to advance to the quarterfinals."
"In a special two-fight episode...#3 seed Tecia Torress tries to make the most of her second chance in the tournament, when she faces top seed Carla Esparza in the third quarterfinal fight. Then 7 seed Rose Namajunas, the only fighter remaining from Team Melendez, takes on #2 ranked Joanne Calderwood....for the last spot in the semifinals."
"For the first time in Ultimate Fighter history, two teams battle it out in a gym versus gym smack-down in South Florida. The Blackzillions, led by Glenn Robinson, take on American Top Team, led by Dan Lambert, and in the end, only one team will leave the cage victorious."
"The pressure of the octagon bleeds into the house as tempers flare on both teams. Also, a medical emergency threatens the future of one of the fighters and his team."
"It's the first of the final four 100 point fights, and each team must give their all during the home stretch in this neck-and-neck match. The Blackzilians face more wounds when deciding who fights next. Meanwhile, American Top Team must choose a fighter with heart to rise to the occasion."
"It's do or die for Dan and the American Top Team as they find themselves at a critical turning point in the competition. With the end in sight, Glenn and the Blackzilians make their plan to crush their competition, once and for all."
"The Blackzilians assess their situation, regroup, and prepare for the next battle, while American Top Team choose a strong but unlikely fighter in hopes of bringing home the win."
"It all comes down to the final fight of the season. The Blackzilians and American Top Team choose their best men to go head to head in the octagon in the hopes of winning bragging rights and the $200,000 prize."
"With the show now over, the focus shifts to MGM Grand for The Ultimate Fighter Finale. The final fight of the season will be between Blackzilian's Kamaru Usman and ATT's Hayder Hassan for final bragging rights."
"Thirty two fighters from across Europe and the USA compete to qualify for the upcoming season of The Ultimate Fighter: Team Europe vs. Team USA."
"Shortly after a coin toss decided which team would get to pick the first preliminary fight, coach Conor McGregor gathers the European fighters and delivers a prepared speech outlining what his team can expect this season. That night, the winning European and American fighters move into the TUF house. After scoping out their new digs and picking their rooms, a celebratory barbecue ensues. Eager to turn their focus to the competition, the fighters waste no time in starting to size up the competition and new friendships are forged."
"The tension rises as one coach tries to get under the other one's skin and dares him to man up and fight a teammate. Two fighters step into the octagon on the second preliminary fight and a coach completely loses it as he watches the fight unfold."
"Drama unfolds in the locker room after a frustrating fight causing a coach to explode on one of his fighters. Urijah confronts Conor about not attending morning practices with Team McGregor and a crowd gathers as the coaches get in a heated conversation about differences in coaching styles. Fighters react to last week's fight and celebrate their win in unique fashion."
"The pressure of the competition starts to weigh on one of the fighters as Urijah and Conor prepare for the fourth preliminary fight featuring two hungry young competitors. Both teams get a chance to relax during a night out with the coaches."
"One of the top competitors of Team McGregor prepares for the fifth preliminary fight against an unorthodox fighter from Team Faber, confident that he has the weapons to give Conor another victory. UFC bantamweight champion, T.J Dillashaw joins his friend and teammate, Urijah in training and shares his skills with his team. TJ knows that Conor has been calling him a traitor for training with another coach besides Uriah after winning the world championship. He expects to hear more when he's face to face with Conor. After the weigh in, as both teams and coaches wait to ..."
"Two members of Team Faber come face to face in a drunken confrontation at the house. An explosive and highly anticipated American fighter steps into the octagon to face off against a very tough European opponent in the sixth preliminary fight."
"McGregor and Faber face off in the coaches' challenge. An American fighter gets ready to take on one of the most experienced European fighters in the ninth and final preliminary fight. Conor and Uriah argue over the quarterfinal match ups and who will be left out of the competition."
"Due to a twist in the competition, one fighter shows heavy emotion after being eliminated from the competition. Even though he won his fight, his shot at getting into the UFC will have to be put on hold. After a sudden turn of events that brings another fighter back into the competition, Dana White has a big surprise for the fighters that will help them relax before the quarterfinals begin."
"Two hard-hitting teammates battle it out in the third quarterfinal fight. Then, a crafty veteran from Team McGregor faces off against one of Team Faber's most dynamic fighters in the fourth and final quarterfinal matchup."
"Conor is shocked when he finds out that Team USA coach Urijah Faber has brought in current UFC Featherweight champion Jose Aldo as a guest coach. Then it's the semifinal fights, with a spot in the live finale in Las Vegas on the line."
"For the first time ever light heavyweight men and strawweight women will compete on The Ultimate Fighter. But first they must face off in 16 elimination fights to get into the house. The coaches, UFC strawweight champion Joanna Jedrzejczyk and #1 contender Claudia Gadelha, watch the fights alongside UFC President Dana White. The two coaches pick their teams from the winners, and the first preliminary matchup is announced."
"Khalil Rountree for Team Joanna versus Cory Hendricks for Team Claudia. Roundtree and Hendricks are training partners in Las Vegas who square off in the first fight of season 23."
"Helen Harper is distraught after getting injured in practice and Cory and Khalil have a donut-eating contest at the house. Dana White rewards the fighters with a night of video gaming and two straw-weights face off for the first time this season."
"16 flyweight champions from around the world come to Las Vegas to compete in a tournament. The winner will earn a UFC contract, a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, and an immediate title shot against current UFC champion Demetrious Johnson."
"The international fighters try to fit in at the house with mixed results. The coaches get on each other\u00c3\u00a2\u20ac\u00c3\u00b4s nerves. Then, in the third fight of the competition, the #5 and the #12 seeds battle it out in a classic striker vs grappler matchup."
"A member of Team Benavidez expresses hostility towards Coach Cejudo. The coaches continue to challenge each other's patience. The most feared fighter in the house goes up against a seasoned veteran in the tournament's fourth fight of round one."
"Eric Shelton talks with Matt Schnell about becoming a father at an early age; the coaches review their past fights against Demetrious Johnson, offering advice to the fighters; and two flyweights face off for a spot in the second round."
"A fighter gets emotional while describing his upbringing; and the fighters take a break to watch UFC 200 at the house. Then, a ground specialist takes on an all-around threat in a Round 1 match up."
"Team Benavidez takes a break from training to go paddle boarding. The seventh fight of round 1 takes place between two experienced fighters known for ending fights in the first round."
"Following his loss, a fighter makes a comment at the house that offends another fighter. After a heated argument, they almost come to blows. Benavidez and Cejudo head to Top Golf for the coaches challenge. Then in the final fight of Round 1 two more flyweights face off, with a spot in Round 2 on the line."
"After going 2 up on rival Garbrandt, team Dillashaw are in confident mood this week, to the frustration of Cody and his team. Can TJ add to his problems?"
"Two fighters recall the hardships they've had to overcome throughout their careers. A contentious weigh-in leads to another altercation between the coaches. Then, the sixth preliminary fight determines the next quarterfinalist."
"Two welterweights seeking redemption take to the Octagon in the final preliminary fight. Then, after Dana and the coaches deliberate, the wildcard matchup is announced."
"Four welterweights compete for the remaining semifinal spots in two thrilling back-to-back fights. The animosity between the coaches goes too far at the weigh-ins. Then, Dana White picks the semifinal matchups."
"Team Dillashaw pranks Team Garbrandt with live snakes. With an injury putting his fight future in doubt, one fighter gets paranoid at the house. Then, two welterweights face off in the first semifinal fight."
"The teams step away from the TUF gym to train at the new UFC Performance Institute. One of the fighters has an emotional breakdown during practice. Then, it's the third preliminary fight with a spot in the quarterfinals on the line."
"Two top-seeded teammates discuss the possibility of having to face each other later in the tournament. A fighter shares the story of her lifelong battle with addiction. Then, a heavily favored veteran takes on an underdog in the fourth preliminary fight."
"After losing in the Octagon one of the fighters skips training, causing a rift between her and her coach. Then, two flyweights face off in the fifth preliminary fight."
"With the tournament now officially underway, Stipe Miocic and his coaching staff decide it's time to get the pranks started. Before practice, they redecorate Team Cormier's locker room by adding some questionable pictures to the walls. Stipe then turns his attention to his first featherweight fighter, who is extremely confident that his well-rounded game will be too much for his opponent to handle. As the blue team arrives for their practice session, they are surprised to find their defaced locker room. Cormier is amused and immediately retaliates in shocking fashion...."
Pics- Encouraged for you to my own blog, within this occasion I will provide you with with regards to aubergine cushions and throws
Why don’t you consider graphic over? can be of which incredible?. if you think so, I’l m teach you a few photograph again under:
163 best Pillow talk images on Pinterest from aubergine cushions and throws , image source: pinterest.com
Purple Throw Pillow Pillow Cover Cushion Cover Throw Pillow Cover from aubergine cushions and throws , image source: pinterest.com
Chair Covers Awesome Round Chair Cushion Covers Full Hd Wallpaper from aubergine cushions and throws , image source: windsorhealthclub.com
130 best African inspired throw pillows images on Pinterest from aubergine cushions and throws , image source: pinterest.com
Pics, simply click save link to download these pictures for your personal computer. These are prepared for save, if you love and wish to obtain it, simply click save symbol in the web page, and it’ll be instantly downloaded to your desktop computer. At last if you would like secure unique and recent image related to 44 New Aubergine Cushions and Throws
Pics, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to present you regular up-date with fresh and new pictures. Hope you love staying here. For most updates and recent news about 44 New Aubergine Cushions and Throws
Pics photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We attempt to offer you up grade periodically with fresh and new shots, enjoy your browsing, and find the perfect for you.
Pics published by at . Today we are excited to declare we have discovered an awfullyinteresting nicheto be reviewed, namely 44 New Aubergine Cushions and Throws
It is the inevitable result of their laws; they either have to. Im all for the erectile dysfunction drug being available over the counter. But this doesnt mean women have to tolerate mens fantasy-driven sex antics, writes. Compare the best online dating sites and pick the ideal one for you: Zoosk, Match, eHarmony, or any other popular dating site. Simply Choose amp; Start Dating. Freeones: the Ultimate Supermodels - Celebs - Pornstars Link Site. No bullshit only links to free sites. Free ESL Materials. com - 4,000 lesson plans with printable worksheets, listening and online quizzes. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Information and resources for victims of domestic violence and their families including a Crisis hotline, information, programs, statistics, and educational resources. How to Dump a Nice Guy. You've been dating this really nice guy for a while. He is wis dating type who is kind, considerate, and generous. But you're not feeling it. Even wis dating. Sep 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Planned Best new dating apps hooks up with OkCupid. Wis dating what this cynical partnership is really about Singles Events and Activities in San Antonio. Online Dating Services of interest: eHarmony - You've seen their ads on TV wis dating heard them on wis dating. Free Trial Wis dating. At Nightline, wis dating like to treat our new callers right. Thats why all wis dating time male callers get a 13-14 dating site 60 minute free trial phone chat, so. Heres how not to scare off a potential match, because even a wis dating e-mail can sabotage online dating. From The Rules for Online Dating. Your online fashion news source for the free online dating sites for phone fashion industry wis dating, fashion dating tallinn, and how do you calculate absolute dating designers Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Wis dating singles wis dating. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Wis dating are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Nicole. There are so many profiles on Dating. com… I like to browse through them carefully and select the most eligible person to talk to. Whitney During the mid-1990s, the success of Sonic the Hedgehog led to a glut of the Mascot with Attitude, especially in video games released on the GenesisMega … Dating single fathers. irrespective of how or why a person becomes a single parent, dating individuals. It validates why Im a single father with custody of. Sep 26, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Susan Smith has spent more than half her life in prison for the 1994 murder of her two young sons - and records obtained by PEOPLE show that her. Live TV stream of Rai Due IT broadcasting from Italy. Channel description of Rai Due IT: News TV channel. Jun 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Spot an Online Dating Scammer. Online dating scams are rife. Anyone can be targeted.
com. YouPorn 232; il pi249; grande sito di video porno Amateur con il pi249; caldo filmati di masturbation. Can I Sue if My Spouse Cheats. The spouse who was wis dating on the injured spouse can, in a few states states, still bring legal action wis dating the. Learn how to install and wire your car amplifier like a professional with this step-by-step guide that wis dating a variety of audio applications to fit your Sometime in your life you will go on a journey.
It wis dating be the longest journey you have ever taken. It is the journey to find yourself. This is my. Scammers are everywhere, which is why we are bringing you the 25 most popular scams you should watch out for. Wis dating Power of Ohana: Meet 11 Local Families That Make Hawaii Great Our Island families. Connect with Gay Black Singles on Our Trusted Gay Dating Site. Join Thousands of Local Singles Looking for Love.
Meet Highly Compatible Singles Near You. Sandra Bullock Right on the heels of the actress' 2010 Academy Award win for her portrayal of Leigh Anne Tuohy in The Blind Side, rumors surfaced alleging her. CARR UNDER PAR Jamie Wis dating has a day to forget in Class of 92 vs Salford City clash Nov 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;With the original Queen Bee singing the hook, Wis dating raps: quot;You fake-ass bitch, you owe homage, pay that shit. Spray that fif', the crown, I'mma take that.
Plentyoffish. com 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles best online dating site seniors your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here wis dating free. Movie 43 (2013) cast and crew credits, including actors, actresses, directors, writers and more. escort site, female Escort models, dominas.
Find your companion. Aug 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Donald Trump strident political rhetoric can make diplomacy hook up quiz buzzfeed. In Latin America he is trying to partner with Mexico to reduce Central American. International Wis dating Resources: Brutally honest reviews. Singleslist. net is a website just for us guys. We are devoted to one thing: narrowing down the selection of. Voted 1 matchmaking services for executive men seeking the ultimate relationship.
Best Matchmaking How to act when youre not officially dating to Date Marriage not dating recap 1 women. View 100s of local pics. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search wis dating of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
Try it free for 7 days. Dec 11, 2017 - Rent from people in Barcelona, Spain from 20night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. The Carolinas - North amp; South Carolina Message Board. The Hull Truth Boating and Fishing Forum THE HULL TRUTH is the world's largest FREE network for the. In 2002, Karl Lagerfeld asked Renzo Rosso, the founder of Diesel, to collaborate with him on a special denim collection for the Lagerfeld Gallery. The collection. NOTE: We are re-posting this article on Warning Signs Insults YouCalls You Names to allow you to read some of the excellent comments weve received from those. A man is a male human. The term man is usually reserved for an adult male, with the term boy being the usual term for a male child or adolescent. Background information and dating advice compiled by a Russian woman married to a foreigner, from choosing an agency to meeting and visas. Positive psychology is quot;the scientific study of what makes life most worth livingquot;, or quot;the scientific study of positive human functioning and flourishing on multiple. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. New online dating website aimed for long-term relationship for people all over the world. The more Flirts you send to others - the higher you are in the toplist - the wis dating. Feb 02, 2014nbsp;0183;32;2007: Another new design Facebook updated its site design in April wis dating, moving how do you hook up a soundbar to a receiver, networks and the inbox to vating wis dating of each page wis dating photos. My observations on banging Filipino wis dating. Learn how to date Filipino girls in the Philippines: how to meet them, wis dating to get them in bed, and more. A dota 2 matchmaking ladder new dating website, providing a perception that it wis dating open to whites only, has posted a billboard wis dating Salt Lake City, Wiw, turning heads kenyan mature dating sites. datinb Doc About Matchmaking for HIV Patients Wis dating 'Human Cost of Loneliness' quot;Lovesick,quot; a documentary that datiny a matchmaking doctor and two of … Marriage, also called matrimony or wedlock, adting a socially or ritually recognised union between datiing that establishes rights and obligations between those spouses. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Wis dating Life, Find Love Wis dating, Find Wis dating Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online. Official Site- join now and search for FREE. Blossoms. com is the Leader in wis dating Asian dating. Find Asian women for love, dating wis dating marriage. Get the latest news on wis dating scandals, datin, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories on Hollywood?s hottest stars. Traditions drawn from the myspace dating site memory of races worldwide state that the very wis dating people on earth were mighty and of immense stature, but that. things to avoid after breaking up. don't talk, try to be friends, or seek revenge. move forward. Colorful Vacations is counted among best tour amp; travel packages provider for International and Domestic holidaying destinations. Avail discount for online booking of. Gothic Architecture. Help support New Advent and get the full contents of this website as an instant download. Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia, Church Fathers. Apps is where its at The Future on Online Dating Goes Mobile. Theres no doubt the gold medal goes to mobile apps for online dating. Time is in short supply. May 20, 2015nbsp;0183;32;The 5 hole barrel ring seemed to be a first generation Sweet Sixteen. These are typically dated 1936 and 1937. Does the barrel serial number match the serial number. Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;The Top 10 Free Online Dating Sites For 2015 - Best Free Dating Websites List - Duration: 7:53. Top 10 Types 298,595 views In How To Attract and Date Younger Women, you will learn: How men over 30 can date women age 18 to 23. How men in their late 40's or 50's can date women 20 - … These two cat brothers were separated at shelter but found each other two years later when their humans started dating. Meet Ozzy and Butter. Butter and. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22.
And the trip continues… Las Vegas is really fascinating! Now I understand why everybody is so interested in this peculiar and intriguing city.
According to Wikipedia, Las Vegas is the most populous city and most densely populated of the US state of Nevada. Located Southern of the state, in Clark County, it was founded in 1905, but officially became a city in 1911. According to the national census of 2010, its metropolitan area has about 1.9 million inhabitants and it’s the city with the highest growth rate in all of North America.
The city is famous by the casinos. All the most important casinos in the world, such as Bellagio, Ceasar’s Palace, Flamingo, Mandalay Bay, MGM, Monte Carlo, New York New York, Stratosphere, The Venation, Treasure Island and Wynn, where I’m staying, are located at the Las Vegas Boulevard, also known as Strip.
Three to four days are enough to get to know a great part of the city’s atrractions. Since we decided to stay a little longer, today we are going to the Grand Canyon! I’ll tell you more about that later…
I’m told that tomorrow, Worcester News are publishing an Article relating to my original review on the Overview and Scrutiny Panel that i previously posted (Here) – The comments made to the Paper were made a while ago now, in a typically un-timley manner, since I that time i have been fortunate to gain some more information…In light of this, i’m adding my follow-up that i wrote after a good discussion about the intentions behind the WCC Outcomes. I’ll go further in to it, and i really hope to work with the Worc’s Health and Care Trust directly to smooth out some of these issues, however, in the meantime, here are my (as yet unedited) ramblings.
On Friday I was lucky enough to meet with the Children’s Clinical Services Manager, who is the lead of the Umbrella Pathway, I say lucky as it was nice to be able to get a meeting with someone who has influence over the decisions that impact on us every day within Worcestershire. It shouldn’t be down to luck, however, my professional position blurred things slightly and I think, initially, it felt to my colleague as more of an ambush. That was of course not my intention at all, and perhaps due to my own formal manner (an ASD trait of mine), my contact came across as one thing, rather than another. However, ambush or not, the intent was true and as a Parent who is impacted by decisions made and/or signed off by the LD Lead for Children’s Services, it was an opportunity that I grabbed fully.
The CCG are telling the Trust what they need to do and where to make savings. This is fine, as the CCG hold the pot of money, but how much push-back is given when this decision is not the best one for the Trust or it’s Service Users? If the Trust go along blindly without due consideration for those they serve in a medical and care capacity, then how can we parents know that the children are safe in their hands? When something comes down to funding, corners are eventually cut. In this case, the WCC have put a case forward in their Overview and Scrutiny Panel Report that highlights to me, where these cuts are being put in, without an idea of the future and ongoing cost implications of trying to change the process for the worse here, at this early stage of accessing an assessment.
I’d like to see the figures, it seems sensible that the figures to back up the changes to an existing process are shared to enable transparency.
The figures I’m interested in is that of the existing ‘pot of money’ and how it is divvied up along the ‘pathway’. I was interested to learn and surprised actually, that there is no one pot of money for the umbrella pathway. It is not held specifically for the Autism Process in either the Trust Mental Health Services, or Learning Disability services. It is allocated to each individual team that has involvement and inputs in to the assessment process. This doesn’t make any sense to me, and it is information that needs exploring further.
In terms of finances and value for money, it also seems sensible that we get an overview of the total cost of a child going through the current pathway, who is paid what, when?
I would personally like to see this, so I can assess whether the current pathway is good value for money, and from a parent’s perspective, pull out the unnecessary elements of the pathway and make way for the parts that need more emphasis placing on them.
It is my opinion, and until I have actual costs I can only speculate, that the current process of following the NHS Pathway is far more ineffective and less financially viable than a parent who manages to go down the Private Assessment route. As a ballpark figure, a Private Assessment might cost a parent £2000 – £3000 to obtain a thorough assessment by an Expert Paediatrician, Clinical Psychologist and/or Speech and Language Therapist. These are experts in their field as many have reached a senior level in the NHS and left the public sector to pursue Private Practice and provide a more focussed Neurodevelopmental service. In that Assessment, everything that is considered over months and years by the NHS pathway, is also considered but in a more appropriate setting, nothing is left out, there are no short cuts in the Assessment process Private or Public. And yet, the time taken is better for the family, it is accurate as carried out by Neurodevelopmental specialists and the relevant issues are measured accordingly, allowing the Specialists to join the dots and lot sooner and make a more accurate opinion, unlike the current fragmented NHS process carried out by ‘jack and Jill’s of all trades’ in terms of Children’s health where problems occur in several professional holding subjective opinions and the facts get lost amongst the ‘dot to dot’. And how much does each one of these appointments cost to carry out (time, admin, paperwork, professional, room hire, rates etc)? I wonder if the whole process was totted up, how much would that be? And then add in the extra pressures that can arise from not having an assessment at all or making incorrect allegations of parenting issues etc, then these costs (again room hire, professionals time, cost of running a triple p course, contacting social services, implementing safeguarding staff?) and then consider the cost absorbed by schools and nurseries (staff, meetings, time out of classroom) and EHCP tribunals and all that goes in to these, and then there is picking up the tab on mental health treatment for those suffering additional anxiety, depression, PTSD and medicating these symptoms? Would all of this really be cheaper than listening and believing the parents with regards to the severity of the ASD symptoms; cheaper than the voice of a second opinion by an expert Specialist, and offering the best diagnostic assessment possible in the very first place?
Secondly, I feel it is important to note that I felt more comforted by the information I gained about the report that I thought I would. Something that is apparent is the language in the report and that the emphasis of the report is based on parenting. According to the Service Lead, the push for support is coming from the Schools and not the parents; this surprised me, as it isn’t mentioned.
Through all of the interventions and graduated responses mentioned in the report, they do not focus on the additional support in schools, it does not focus on the Teachers pushing for additional funding to sustain the classroom support that is required when a child has a (potential) Autism condition, and it does focus on Parenting issues, behaviour difficulties, and an array of other diagnostic labels, than actually once joined together could quite easily be a case of ASD PDA.
If the focus is not on a diagnosis, or a label, then why go ahead and look for other labels – as if the Autism one is off-limits?
My concerns remain, as the new focus on alleviating the front door pressure of a struggling system is not going to resolve the fact that the children still need an expert assessment – of which I am not convinced they get through the current pathway. The lack of understanding about accessing support is rife, and the wider public and professionals need to understand the consequences of NOT diagnosing an Autism Condition. The fall-out is emotional to family, and ultimately financial to the Public services, when incorrect diagnoses are made or unmade, and the families end up fighting the system through courts, be it child protection cases, Education Tribunals, follow-up health care for traumatised youngsters and families who have been impacted negatively by their experiences of the route that took them to the courts in the first place.
We know that the Local Authority have limited budgets, yet the schools are asking for help which isn’t being implemented and this concern isn’t being shared amongst parents. The money spent by the Local Authority fighting back at Parents, could be better spent in giving that support required. And how do we know someone needs support? We assess, diagnose and believe parents.
In PMQs on Weds 22nd Feb, Theresa May PM answered a question surrounding Learning Disabilities and she said that the Government “will be introducing Education, Health and Care Plans”, and my question to her is, why “introducing” and not acknowledge that they actually ALREADY exist and are like fairy dust to obtain? And if the Government are taking an active role in pushing the EHCPs, how do they expect to provide them to children who have not had an assessment?
This topic of ‘assessment versus diagnosis versus need’ is too vague for parents, teachers and children who are growing to adults as we speak.
If the schools need support, they should get it, if the parents need support they should get it, early intervention is key – the Trust gets that right at least, however, their perception of what early intervention is, what form it takes, and who can access it, is drastically off the mark.
Categories: Professionals Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism, Autism Spectrum Disorder, CAMHS, Children's Services, Council, Early years, Education, Government, mental health, NHS, Pathological Demand Avoidance, PDA, Section 47, Sensory, Social Services, Worcestershire health and care trust Leave a comment
With reference to the Review document attached, I appreciate that there are more referrals for ASD coming to light than ever before, and I, more than most, can be cynical about the extent of suspected ASD being banded around. I admit that I am protective of the ‘label’ that gets my 5 year old son his support and, as a late diagnosed adult; I hold my hands up to being blunt in regards to ASD and what that truly means especially when it coexists with another medical or learning disability.
The report suggests various reasons for increased referral rates, the first being increased awareness. This is a good thing, without a doubt – it means people can start understanding the variety of Autism Conditions and know what to look out for in their own children. This should not in any way be acted upon negatively, which unfortunately Worcestershire County Council does in their Overview and Scrutiny Committee outcome on ASD.
Another reason for increased referrals, apparently there is “anecdotal evidence that some people may incorrectly believe it acts as an automatic ‘gateway’ to support and services” How can they reference subjective opinion as evidence without quantifying it?
The problem here is when a parent asks for help with their ASD child, they think that there must be some support and help available, but in actual fact, there is not and this is down to the Local Authority. Parents are at their whit’s end fighting everyone to get them to understand and they, as I did, naively think that someone can help, when the truth is, parents are on their own. This ‘gateway’ to support is a mystical one that does not exist, and services that are impossible to access with a child who has a High Functioning Autism Condition
I’m concerned about the content of the report, but the recommendations made actually frighten me. WCC state they will look for alternative reasons, and to use approaches and interventions for ASD, and this is a worry, as it appears that no lessons have been learnt since the experience we had, and instead the Authorities have taken a massive step backwards for all Invisible Disabilities, particularly High-Functioning ones including Autism.
The long term impact on undiagnosed children and adults is obvious to those of us that live with the condition, and although I feel very sad that this outcome will leave more high functioning autistic people at risk of other medical conditions as a result, such as increased anxiety and depression, the impact on their ‘apparent’ ability to cope in education and the fall-out of them not fulfilling their potential in to adulthood which will ultimately have its own cost implications to the NHS and Local Authorities, it is not this that concerns me most.
I’m massively worried about the impact of the decision to start looking to ‘courses’ as a resolution for the symptoms, as this will not work. They do not offer the support needed and they do not fix ASD symptoms, in fact in a case of Pathological Demand Avoidance these types of ‘approaches’ can create a very unhappy and unwell child as a result.
The main recommendation from the report is based totally on weeding out the cases that will not meet their own criteria and looking to place the blame at any door, other than that of the Autism Pathway. What about the cases who have genuine High Functioning, invisible disability that can only be extracted by an Expert Professional? There is no excuse to cherry pick who gets an assessment and who does not. These are children with individual needs. In what other condition, would it ever be acceptable to not diagnose? It is absolutely unacceptable to put one child’s disability over another, simply because it is too expensive to sustain the current processes in place.
Parents face a continuing struggle with the NHS to be listened to and believed as it is, leading to increasing referrals to Social Services. Child Protection interventions begin when a parent is accused, (wrongly) as I was, of Fabrication and Inducing Illness (previous Munchausen’s by Proxy).
We hear a lot of parents talk about long waiting times for Autism Assessments, ASD Diagnoses, and the battle to gain support. My experience is that in order to even access a fair assessment, a diagnosis, the educational and emotional support that should follow for children, parents are treated like perpetrators of some abuse or worse, treated like they don’t have the knowledge or ability to pick out ‘ordinary’ and ‘unusual’ behaviours in their own children. An ask for help for an undiagnosed child leads to judgements on parenting and worse. This is how important accessing an early, correct and expert diagnosis is in terms of the support available. It is not true that the support is offered on needs of the child, because those needs are put down to other aspects of behaviour, it is true however, that the support offered is a way of teasing out parental issues, using archaic attitudes and parenting strategies which in fact makes the whole assessment process unbearable for child and family.
Categories: Professionals, Uncategorized Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism, Autism Spectrum Disorder, CAMHS, Children's Services, Council, Early years, Education, Emotional Harm, Government, mental health, paediatrics, Parenting, Parents, Pathological Demand Avoidance, PDA, Section 47, Sensory, Social Services, Worcestershire health and care trust 1 Comment
I am sending out a plea to Parents of Autism and Special Educational Needs (SEND)…A plea to the Mums and Dads who think that their vote won’t count, the “why bother’, “no-one listens to us” families, the families who have been let down by the current Government and the failing system we have so far endured on behalf of our children. I appeal to the disenfranchised mothers and fathers of children with Autism and SEND who have so often been devastated by a broken system and left with a feeling that there is no change possible for us. Well, we all have a voice and it is so important to use it this Thursday.
I hope to raise awareness of the relevance and importance of making the parent voice heard in Thursday’s elections.
I’ve been considering the Main Three Party opinions and their relevance to all of our Autism & SEND families. It is apparent from the promises that are made (and they are wishful promises that we need to support and get behind) that some parties care about our families and other do not.
In terms of favourable voting for our ASD SEND families, it has to be Labour for me and normal people like me and my family. We are not rich and we rely on the system for our healthcare, our Education and we expect it to be provided at the best possible standards, we are used to our services being funded and to be able to trust Professionals with our children, and for invisible disabilities to be recognised and continually acknowledged. Only decent NHS, Social Care and Education funding will achieve this fully functional role that many children access easily, yet is made difficult for children of ASD SEND.
In terms of Party Manifestos being nothing but wish lists and empty promises, i think it is important to support the party that even acknowledges the very relevant needs of Autism and SEND families. At least if we vote for the right party, the one that makes the promises, we have someone to hold to account to fulfil their promises further down the line. If we vote for parties that don’t even have an air of understanding of our families needs, how we challenge them on it later when they have nothing to answer for, no one to answer to? I have done the leg work looking in to the manifestos, and here is how it stands…
Lib Dems. They make a brief reference to SEND in one paragraph throughout the whole of the 95 page manifesto. They state that they will “Ensure that identification and support for special educational needs and disabilities takes place as early as possible.”
Now this is a mention at least, however it does nothing to say how they will do this and how it will be funded, relying on the fact that all Healthcare Professionals and Education Settings will comply with their wishes and the Lib Dem desire to support SEND children is not sufficient engagement. Let us not forget, this all relies on whether or not an SEND has been identified in the first place, and what it takes for the children families to get to that very important point.
They mention the word Autism once, in a flippant and second hand manner, lumped in with Learning disabilities. Now i find this dismissive of high functioning Autism and those with other invisible conditions that do not have learning disabilities, this is dangerous territory in my opinion. Invisible disabilities are already way underfunded and the Tory statement that the two should be combined is unacceptable in my view and an indication of their long-term money saving endeavours…potentially a further reduction in services to those who are not easily diagnosed as Autistic, and with all of the cuts that the conservatives are insisting they will still make post the Election, i simply cannot see how or believe that they intend to fund the massive overhaul of services that needs to take place in healthcare and education for the Autistic and SEND communities. The NHS cuts include unfunded CAMHS, a service that the majority of children with invisible disabilities need access to. Constant cuts to to local Councils leads to inadequate children services, lack of training and massive lack understanding, causes huge problems and extra unnecessary workloads dealing with unfounded cases of Child Protection. None of this looks likely to change within the Tory manifesto promise, nor going forward after Thursday.. “We have a specific task to improve standards of care for those with learning disabilities and autism.” Again, i wonder how they will roll this out considering the lack of money and the lack of Autism awareness that this one sentence screams.
To get our voices heard we firstly need to be understood..The Labour manifesto tells us straight away that they ‘get’ autism, it is in the language, the tone and the coverage it gets within the manifesto. There are many references to Autism and SEND – but aside from that, it is written with both fact and empathy. They speak of “Neurological differences”, “Neurodiversity”, “inclusivity” and “support” for children and Parents..the manifesto goes beyond simply making a brief reference to Autism & SEND for the sake of ticking a box as with the other Parties. These promises seem attainable. With more money put in to the NHS, a diagnosis will be better timed and therefore have better long term impact for all involved. This obviously avoids the massive cost implications that a no-diagnosis could potentially turn through with unrecognised system being left to fester. Early diagnosis and correct support for ASD and the whole family will not only save money, it will save families. It will save lives…just by getting it right first time.
By funding better resources a Labour party is our only hope of gaining the appropriate understanding, funding and ongoing support for the long journey that SEND is…This journey beings with a GP or Health Visitor Appointment and goes all the way through to additional Teaching Assistants in school, flexibility of thinking and up to date autism training in every sector, moving all the way through to DLA or PIP payments. An early understanding will set up our growing kids to not have a constant battle to explain themselves, or to be understood in the wider world.
In our personal situation, i feel that the NHS and Social Care were incredibly unaware of the reality and importance of gaining the right diagnosis and ‘seeing’ the disability of our son at all. Had the small and insular team been sufficiently funded, or had i had time to approach the CCG to insist on expert in ASD PDA, we could have avoided the allegations of Fabrication and Induced Illness that the ‘team’ decided to tarnish me with. Had they been better trained with up-to-date Autism advances then, perhaps my questioning their competence might not have been so challenging to them and the rampant parent blaming and inherent culture of incorrect personal judgements that ‘Professionals’ think that they can lay at the doors of our homes. We would never have had to prove our innocence of FII and pay a Specialist via Private consultation to gain our ASD PDA diagnosis. One that has now been rolled out across the three quarters of my family. An horrendous fight to save our children, my partner and I were treated like dirt by the ‘System’ and the Professionals. NOW, if we had been able to tap in to expert opinion in the early stages, listened to when we asked, and experts been funded by the CCG prior to Occupational Therapists ill-advised referral to Social Services, perhaps our story would have never occurred. As it happens, the lack of understanding in Autism families and our version of events is a far from a one off, it is a silent epidemic within the NHS and Social Care system, one that is worsening all of the time and I put this down to lack of funding, lack of knowledge and lack of empathy…something that the Labour Party and Jeremy Corbyn do in fact promote and align themselves with improving massively for ASD and SEND.
Categories: ABOUT, Day to Day Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism Spectrum Disorder, BBC, bromsgrove, CAMHS, Children's Services, Conservatives, Council, Early years, Education, Emotional Harm, GE17, General Election, Government, Labour, Liberal democrats, mental health, Motherhood, MP, NHS, occupational therapy, paediatrics, Parenting, Parents, Pathological Demand Avoidance, PDA, redditch, Section 47, Sensory, Social Services, SPD, Vote Labour, Worcestershire health and care trust Leave a comment
I am on an Autism mission. I am crowdfunding for a Creative Public Engagement project. I am compiling the stories and the battles that need to be shared and desperately need to be heard by the public and by the Professionals. To do this i need a few things…fuel, coffee, printing, time and space. I need to maintain a presence, online and in person…and i need buy people tea, cake and the freedom to share their experiences of Autism & Invisible Disabilities, and the challenges it presents.
Support me in continuing and developing the work of BreakfastTree. Help grow the Creativity and Exposure of Invisible Disabilities by donating what you can.
This project is already in existence and currently in its infancy. It’s supported with confidence by Artrix, Arts Council England and Worcestershire County Council as an offshoot of my Exhibition Accused: an Autism Mother. The idea has legs and an ability to share similar stories across many sectors and many a diverse group of families, this is a massively important part of what my work is…sharing and exposing truths and allowing the silenced, the shamed, the innocent and hurt an opportunity to have their voices heard by the wider world.
I am no self-promoter and i rarely admit i need support, and i never ask for any kind of help…until now. I am so passionate about this work and the importance of sharing our joint experiences, that i have started a Not for Profit company to make this awareness project go as far as it possibly can…it would be amazing if you could find something/anything to donate to add to the Breakfast Tree pot for Public Awareness and Engagement.
Categories: ABOUT, Day to Day, My Creative Self Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism, Autism Spectrum Disorder, BBC, bromsgrove, CAMHS, Children's Services, Council, Early years, Education, Emotional Harm, Government, Legal, local MP, Media attention required, occupational therapy, Parenting, Parents, Pathological Demand Avoidance, PDA, redditch, Section 47, Sensory, Social Services, SPD, Worcestershire health and care trust Leave a comment
Bernadette Louise creates a spectacle of oversized Healthcare posters emphasising the ‘invisible’ symptoms of Autism Spectrum Disorder, Pathological Demand Avoidance. In an honest response to the Authorities who accused her of Fabricating and Inducing her Son’s ASD, she uses documentary mobile phone images and direct quotes from the assessment process to highlight a desperate need for PDA Awareness. Quickly the professionals focussed on her as Mother, instead of the Child’s symptoms they were faced with. Bernadette intends to highlight the contradictions and accusations that caused the NHS to refer to Children’s Services resulting in a Child Protection
order. Through her Art and Spoken Word event Bernadette exposes the true harm caused by the Authorities to families with ‘unseen disabilities’.
An evening of poetry and spoken word including performances by those who are on and support people on the Autism Spectrum. Featuring the popular Autism Vlogger, ‘Autistic Genius’ and visceral Artist Bernadette Louise.
Categories: My Creative Self Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism, Autism Spectrum Disorder, bromsgrove, CAMHS, Children's Services, Council, Early years, Education, Emotional Harm, Government, Law, Media attention required, occupational therapy, Parents, Pathological Demand Avoidance, PDA, redditch, Section 47, Sensory, Social Services, SPD, Worcestershire health and care trust 2 Comments
C’mon….It is about time that they responded to one of my emails and actually decided to break the silence and help families realise that they are not alone with the horrible and INCORRECT allegations of child abuse that arise from the healthcare servcies who do not see the invisible conditions. YES that person who spoke about fatigue and ME was right (post edit: Jane Colby of Tymes Trust), if something that the health professional suggests doesn’t work, (in this case it was discussing CBT with Chronic fatigue) they automatically assume that the parent has another agenda, a disgraceful and lazy accusation of Munchausen’s by Proxy. It is tearing families apart and it is not only with Fatigue as per the feature on the show just. IT IS WITH AUTISM. AND IT HAS HAPPENED TO ME, MY PARTNER AND OUR CHILDREN! No harm was found, after a hell of a time. Yet, it was gutwrenching and unfair.. and no one has apologised for being WRONG.
Please can someone pick up this story??? Much more needs to be done urgently to lift this overwhelming shadow that the NHS and Children’s Services place on innocent and incredibly caring parents.
Right, i do not know where to start with this update. The children came off Child Protection yesterday, at the first review!… It’s basically unheard of. Some absolutely disgusting allegations of FII (Fabricating and Inflicting Illness) were proved to be incorrect. We have a Diagnosis by two very well established Professional Experts in ASD/PDA (Autism Spectrum Disorder/Pathological Demand Avoidance). And we had one totally corrupt and non NICE compliant NHS diagnosis of ‘nothing wrong – blame parents’ that made the referal (they are fools! Influential fools though). So we very rapidly, but with a lot of my research and fighting came off Child Protection. Some might think this is a big deal, off CP, great. I wish it were that simple. The main thing here is the boys are fine, we as family are no longer threatened and we won, right? Yes. The feckers were wrong. But No, it’s a Small victory in light of everything that came before and has since followed. Literally the morning after the Child Protection Review where a unanimous vote took the kids off the CP plan, I recieved emails from the NHS Information Governance team that i’d been trying to get for a long while. The emails i requested under the access to personal data act and i finally got them.
Yesterday was a victory yes, but the way in which the Social Work Manager tried desperately to cover her arse by telling out-and-out lies was far from pleasent for us as a couple, and the lack of professionalism by the Chair and Social Worker surprised most of us. Anyway, the boys, they are great, safe, gone and going no where, and thank frig that’s all finished. Social Services messed up. Big time. It’s my job now to evidence all their errors and take them to court for various legal breaches. Of course, I’ll do that, it’s a bitch and it won’t be an easy task. However, although knowing it is pretty complex, i know it’s cut and dry from my perspective once i finally gain the strength to go through the reports with a fine tooth comb. Bang to rights.
Anyway…there is an in depth complaint in with PALS (Patient Liaison Team at the NHS) and it has been in progress for some time…it is this complaint that i feel gave weight and reality to my concerns with the initial referal from the NHS Child Development Team to Children Services.
As usual i have had do to all of the ground work, and working hard to get to the bottom of the injustice. I worked my way through reports, minutes, regulations, laws, all to get to the point i knew injustice had occured. So with our victory yesterday i should feel good. But nah..I knew the main task had just begun, the work has just started to see the NHS complaint through to the absolute end re Clinical Negligence and Disability Discrimination and i knew my work was far from done till i saw any kind of apology or resolution from Social Services…
Then these NHS emails arrived 24 hour courier signed for. This morning. Between dropping off the boys at nursery and going to our vet for pups last jabs…A heavy A4 parcel delivered by Royal Mail. Very quickly sifted through…and to pick up where i lost track above…holy freaking sheeeeet. The utter tripe in these emails is super intense, mega accussing and wholey stalker-ish and got to be infringing on my one and only right as a creative and passionate (and positively accurate) human-being. My goooooodneessss graciousssss, this is more mega than i ever imagined. They said some awful stuff which i will shortly divulge, they are so screwed, but this all takes my time, energy and emotion to fight. I have the fight today because I’m angry. I might have the fight tomorrow because it settles in, but how long can i keep fighting (right now i know I won’t give up) i worry about the impact on my family of my preoccupied mind and the excessive ‘work’ it takes to fight these f!ckers. I don’t have any legal training, but i know common sense, i know fairness and i know where to start looking, but i can only do so much. I’m now out of my depth with the legal side since these emails arrived today. They have so much to answer for. I will not stop fighting but it would be really refreshing if someone would offer some help, once in a while, when i can’t do all i need to as I’ve already done so much, is there nothing to take the weight of this particular logistical and administrative nightmare off my shoulders?
Categories: ABOUT, Day to Day, My Creative Self, Professionals, Uncategorized Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism Spectrum Disorder, Children's Services, Early years, Emotional Harm, Government, Law, Lawyers needed, Legal, local MP, mental health, NHS, Parenting, Parents, PDA, Sensory, Small-Town, SPD Leave a comment
I’m publishing a Blog Safe version of a letter I wrote to our local MP following the Child Protection order placed on my Children.
I feel that even though this is a brief encounter with the reality of what we as a family have gone through in recent months, it perfectly summarises the injustice of this case, the way the local authorities are in cahoots and the blatant nepotism that occurs within small-town Local Authority/NHS teams and the ‘Higher Powers’ they believe they hold.
Not sure how this is going to work…I’m taking out names and replacing them with professional titles. I am definitely not doing this to protect the people who caused us harm. I will be getting to them in due course, don’t worry. Where I talk of the children, I will talk of The Boy and Toddle (bearing in mind this whole thing only came about because of the lack of diagnosis for the Boy and Toddle is only affected by the ridiculous accusations of is parents being accused on FII, so in turn is clearly afflicted too.)
Our MP has been really helpful, and I met with her about this issue. She didn’t rush me, she let me take as long as i needed and she listened to what I said. Regardless of the Political Party, and how some of their decisions impact on our lives personally, I actually like her quite a lot. She did contact the services on my behalf adding weight to my complaint, but having had a very lame reply from Children’s Services, and still being stuck on Child Protection after a postponed Conference Review, I need to chase this up.
I have asked to meet with you regarding a Section 47 Child Protection Order that my children have been placed on. This is due to the so-called “significant emotional harm” that I have been inflicting on them. They have claimed that I am guilty of Fabrication and Induction of Illness (previously referred to Munchausen’s by Proxy). This has devastated me and my partner and the allegations are far from true. I am sure this is an obvious thing to say but the very fact is that we have proof to disprove this NHS/Social Services allegation and it is being disregarded by Social Services Manager without thorough investigation.
Firstly, the referral to Social Services was made by an Occupational Therapist we had been in contact with regarding my son’s behavioural and sensory difficulties. The Child Development Team claimed that The Boy was a normal 3 year old boy and they were not seeing the difficulties described at home. The strategy meeting held by Social Services was only attended by NHS ‘professionals’ and Early help hub representative who we had never met and no one who was able to defend our corner in our absence. They were all singing from the same hymn sheet as they all work in the same team, none of whom are experts in ASD/PDA. The team had previously decided that:
“ All agree that The Boy does not meet the criteria for Autistic Spectrum Disorder including PDA (Pathological Demand Avoidance). Presentation: Significant anxiety issues. No developmental difficulties. Mild expressive language delay and delay in attention skills.”
There are many issues with this and i have placed a complaint against the NHS staff involved with PALS, as they have clearly highlighted the areas of difficulty that The Boy presents, but have not attributed them to the very condition that we felt prevalent. Autism Spectrum Disorder/Pathological Demand Avoidance. There are many instances that the ‘professionals’ have misplaced the blame for The Boy’s difficulties and we have had to defend our parenting and motives. I have evidence that the NHS have been seeing the difficulties and the symptoms they described themselves are perfectly befitting of an ASD/PDA diagnosis. But PDA variant is rarely diagnosed and less prominent than both Aspergers, and what is now called ‘Classic Autism’. The team work to a fixed criteria and have aligned The Boy’s difficulties with parenting and particularly my own mental health condition.
The final NHS ‘diagnosis’ of The Boy not meeting the criteria should in fact be discredited as i understand it it is not NICE Compliant as there was no present Consultant for The Boy and no Psychologist present at the the CDT meeting where the decision was made.
I have also since found out that in the NICE guidelines, it is the duty of the NHS professionals to feed this ‘diagnosis/or lack of’ in person to the family. Instead, the meeting went ahead, with an Early Help Worker present, who then was the person, who whilst i was arguing our case on the phone with her, was insisting that The Boy DOES NOT have anything wrong with him. That is what and how i was told, and a good few weeks later did we get the minutes in the post from the CDT meeting telling me the NHS position on diagnosis.
Secondly, the Social Services accepted a referral, not investigating that the person who is responsible for deciding a case of Fabrication/infliction (FII), the Paediatric Consultant, was in fact Dr H.A, the only Consultant in Redditch & Bromsgrove, someone who i have previously made a personal and professional complaint about. Who we now know is also the Safeguarding Manager. I would have thought that this Consultant could not have been able to make an informed and impartial decision about whether or not to make a complaint to Social Services and should have referred to an equally senior manager?
Thirdly, and most importantly, The Social Services are now trying to discredit Private Assessments and subsequent diagnosis that The Boy does in fact have High Functioning Autism, PDA variant that were made by two highly respected experts in the field of ASD/PDA. Social Services are accepting NHS opinion over Private simply because it contradicts their initial accusations.
I have shared the very thorough reports with Social Services and they are trying to say they hold little/or no weight as they, in their words “have two conflicting medical opinions”. My argument is that they don’t. The NHS opinion is not Expert, and it is not (as far as i can tell) NICE compliant. They have ignored the root cause of The Boy’s anxiety without expertly investigating PDA symptoms and totally forgotten about the sensory, speech & social delay issues they themselves highlighted.
The Social Services report for the first Conference on 17th December, is a disgusting, discriminating accusation of FII. They have torn apart every facet of my personality to try and make it fit an FII case. The report focuses on Fabrication, and the “gain” i get from this, but the Conference focussed on the anxiety of The Boy, and that it was Inflicted on him. I am yet to see which is the most prominent issue they are following as i do not believe both can co-exist. If i were fabricating it, there is no evidence that i am “gaining” anything from this. And it is not possible to “induce/inflict” ASD on anyone. They have included my One Year old son in this who they have never encountered, and who has no difficulties. The Social Services are not medical and they are relying on the NHS opinion and taking their word. And why? We have disproved the allegation of Fabrication. But the social services are unwilling to accept this, making our next conference on 17th March, essentially the same meeting as before, the NHS will all have their vote when none have been involved for months and we’ll still be accused of FII.
The Social Services have been lacking in communication with us, they have not done what they said they would, they have misinterpreted things we have audio recordings of, it goes on.
Your opinion on Private Assessments and Diagnosis? is it worth less than NHS? When the Government are trying to push for privatisation of services, why, when we do go Private and call in very expert opinions, does it hold less weight with a Local Government Team such as Social Services?
At a Child Protection Conference why does every individual involved in the CDT get a single vote and not a Team vote? e.g. if 2 staff from The Boy’s nursery attend the CP Conference they get only one vote, likewise if two Homestart staff attend, they would only get one vote. So why is it acceptable that the NHS get several votes when they work together on the same diagnosis?
A CP Conference Chair that is supposed to be impartial but is actually an ex-social worker working for the very same county council that are taking section 47 action against us?
The assumption of guilt within the first Report, Conference and following Child Protection Plan. The recommendations were put in place to actually prohibit us from clearing our name and getting the correct diagnosis in order to help The Boy’s wellbeing.
So, i don’t know why i need to post this, i just feel that if i start posting all the correspondence that relate to this insane case, maybe i’ll feel that i have some online account rather than just my massive and ever expanding folders and living inside my own head with the burden of the injustice.
Categories: ABOUT, Day to Day, Professionals, Uncategorized Tags: ASD, Autism, Autism Spectrum Disorder, CAMHS, Children's Services, Council, Early years, Emotional Harm, Government, local MP, mental health, Motherhood, MP, NHS, Parenting, Parents, PDA, Routine, Section 47, Sensory, Small-Town, Social Services 1 Comment
CAMHS – Case now closed. Report letter written and seen by parents. Cerebral Palsy. Recommendation made that parents seek support for their cerebral palsy. The Boy senses their cerebral palsy and so gets cerebral palsy too.
CAMHS – Case now closed. Report letter written and seen by parents. Cancer. Recommendation made that parents seek support for their cancer. The Boy senses their cancer and so gets cancer too.
Right….read all that? Too much? I usually am. But i am totally screwing at the actual blind-sightedness of these people. I cannot understand for one second why they would struggle to take on board my partners very own difficulties as potential GREEN LIGHT for what is going on with our son. Yeah, genetics. It’s a no brainer. PDA.
My own anxiety has been compounded beyond belief in recent dealings with this kind of ignorance and essentially disability discrimination. I have a diagnosed mental health condition brought on largely in my adolescence, it has come to the forefront of late due to the stresses we live under. Is this truly something that CAMHS would like to take me on about? To suggest that it is our doing that our own disabilities are causing the situation / causing our son harm? To suggest for a moment that i have passed on my mental health disorder to my son, WHAT THE EFF?
Our personal anxieties are born out of perfectly reasonable-reason, much of which can be attributed to our environment and upbringing, however, my partner has a neurodevelopment disorder fuelled by anxiety and that can not be dismissed here as, us, simply needing to deal with our own shit first. HA! What the flying effing gitswine?!
….Oh and yeah, we have to two children. The second one is a different kind of a child. So clearly, we have broken The Boy but the Toddler Tank got away scot free. How cruel and insensitive of our disabilities to cause so much crap for one child to damage him for good, and yet the other gets off pretty lightly. Except for the fact that he doesn’t…he is assaulted every.single.day. by The Boy’s ‘anxieties’. But no, it’s pure aggression and lack of interpersonal skills and empathy that are causing the second boy Toddle to be knocked from pillar to post, so, that’s our fault too..
Categories: Day to Day, Professionals Tags: anxiety, ASD, Autism, CAMHS, Early years, mental health, Motherhood, NHS, Parenting, Parents, PDA, Sensory, Siblings, SPD Leave a comment
The brilliant red Rangemaster Elise 100 Induction Range Cooker is beautifully designed and has the latest in cooking technology. Over a century of excellence When buying a Rangemaster, you're receiving the product of over 180 years of experience and expertise. With all their range cookers being built at their Royal Leamington Spa factory - something which dates back to 1830 - you can be assured that when you use a Rangemaster, you're receiving the very best in cooking technology along with the rich heritage and prestige that goes with it. Make more with a multifunction oven The Elise 100 range features two large ovens, which have a total combined capacity of 150 litres. The main oven is a 69-litre multifunction oven which offers seven different functions, allowing you to choose the option that best suits the meal you're planning. The defrost setting circulates unheated air, speeding up the time it takes to defrost your food, without the risk of accidently cooking it. For cooking, the fan oven draws air from the interior of the oven then heats it up and re-circulates it. By doing this the heat is evenly distributed making it great for multi-level cooking. There are also fan assisted and fanned grilling options, plus the handy browning and base heat options, all of which are perfectly suited to different types of cooking. The browning element lets you crisp and brown toppings and base heat is great for slow cooking dishes such as casseroles, as well as being ideal for crisping up the bases of pizzas. The oven is also fully programmable so you can set it to come on at a particular time. Cooking features A Handyrack is also included, which fits on the door of the main oven and allows you to easily access and check the status of your food. Check to see if your roast is done or needs extra basting without any risk of accidently burning yourself. The secondary oven is a whopping 81 litres and is configured vertically, providing you with plenty of space - it's possible to cook 4 roast chickens simultaneously. No matter how big the party you're throwing, you'll comfortably have enough room to provide the catering with the Elise 100 . When you've finished cooking, the Elise 100 helps with the cleaning - catalytic liners in the main oven absorb splashes and stains and then burn them off when the oven reaches high temperatures. The secondary oven is coated with an easy-clean enamel surface meaning no matter what you're cooking up, cleaning won't be an issue. Be impressed by induction Not only do you get superb control and functionality from the ovens, but this Elise 100 also features an induction hob. The very latest in cooking technology, induction hobs are a brilliant innovation that make cooking simple, quick and safe. Twice as efficient as gas hobs, they're fast, safe and remarkably responsive - you'll have access to almost instantaneous heat whenever you want it. Utilizing electromagnetic energy, the pan is directly heated and not the hob. This means there is no residual heat and makes induction hob surfaces considerably safer than conventional cooker tops and greatly reduces the risk of any accidents. Another benefit to induction cooking is that due to lack of heat on the hob, it is very difficult to burn anything onto the cooking surface. When you're finished preparing your meal, simply wipe down the surface with a damp cloth and you're left with a clean hob - ready to go again whenever you are. The Rangemaster Elise 100 Induction Range Cooker will take centre stage in your kitchen. … more information.
Spread the Cost: If you can't afford it right now, then no problem. Although instant credit at Currys is not currently offered, you can easily spread the cost across weeks or even months, and still enjoy the Rangemaster Elise 100 Induction Range Cooker - Red & Chrome, Red right away by purchasing with your credit card. Also, right now, you can take advantage of purchasing today, and enjoying special Currys discounts.
Feel like a chef and get the complete cooking experience with the Leisure CMTF99R Dual Fuel Range Cooker. Complete cooking With a large and sturdy build, this classic-style cooker packs in three oven cavities and 5 hob elements. With a large 66 litre main oven capacity and a 46 litre secondary oven capacity you have plenty of room to cook the Sunday roast, the apple crumble and the custard and still have two more ovens! This dual fuel range cooker has an electric fan oven, a conventional secondary oven and gas hob burners for all your pots and pans. There is even a wok burner for stir frying those vegetables and a griddle for that T-bone steak. The full-width grill adds even more cooking convenience so you can grill that cheese on toast for a cheeky snack. Cooking complete The fully programmable CMTF-99R cooker features an analogue display to keep with the traditional style of the cooker. There are sleek, easy-to-use and stylish silver controls that add to the classic appeal. You don't have to fear cleaning this cooker, thanks to the catalytic and enamel liners a quick and easy wipe of those spills with see them away! The gas hob is equipped with a flame supervision device that automatically turns the gas off when the flame is extinguished, looking after your safety. The beautifully crafted Leisure CMTF99R Dual Fuel Range Cooker is built with all the cooking features you could ever want, so you can tackle any cooking challenge!
The Miele DA-2050 Canopy Cooker Hood is easy to build into a kitchen unit, its smooth stainless steel exterior housing formidable air cleansing power. Double trouble Extract cooking smoke, vapour and odours at speeds of up to 400 m³/h or recirculate the air in your kitchen at a rate of 360 m³/h with this great cooker hood. Choose from three fan speeds to decisively remove bad air from your home, with elegant rotary dial controls to make interaction simple and straightforward. Release the grease The DA205-0 Canopy Hood is equipped with stainless steel grease filters that work dynamically to remove grease particles and other airborne nasties from the air during and after cooking. You'll be able to fit an optional charcoal filter for even more effective cleaning, and the included filters can be quickly released for hand washing or cleaning in your dishwasher. Practical cleaning unit Fitted with twin long-life halogen downlights, the Miele DA2-050 Cooker Hood is able to keep your stove area perfectly illuminated for easier cooking. Complementing your current kitchen lighting, it will add a homely glow, and its sleek exterior really brings a stylish note to proceedings. Keep your kitchen calm and clean with the Miele DA-2050 Canopy Cooker Hood .
Add a touch of class and simplicity to your kitchen with the black Stoves Sterling 600G Gas Cooker. Best of British Proud to be made in Britain, this Stoves Sterling 600G Gas Cooker features a double gas oven, electric grill and a 4-ring gas hob providing an assortment of cooking options for any aspiring chef. Obtain maximum cooking control with the Sterling 600G. Not only is it programmable so that your food is cooked to perfection, but in cooking with gas, the heat change is immediate and precise! Conventional cooking The Stoves Sterling 600G presents a conventional gas double oven that uses heat from gas jets at the base of the oven. Heat rises, so the oven is cooler at the bottom and hotter at the top. The shelves of the Stoves 600G Gas Cooker have 5 adjustable positions in the main oven and 2 in the secondary oven, so that you can cook your food according to the temperature it needs . Easy cleaning The Stoves Sterling 600G 's oven is finished to a high standard with easy clean enamel liners, which are designed to resist cooked on food and spills, making for an easy cleaning after the Shepherd's Pie bubbles over! For effective cooking for family meals, look no further than the Stoves Sterling 600G Gas Cooker.
Bring home a bit of British with the Stoves Sterling 600E Electric Ceramic Cooker , providing excellent cooking features as well as vibrant Union Jack colours. Ceramic hobs You can be sure of a quick meal when you use the ceramic hobs as they provide plenty of power and a very quick heat-up. Four burners deliver simple and easy cooking and the flat hob surface is easy to keep clean. Let's get cooking There's lots of cooking space for you to use with this double oven cooker. The main oven has over 50 litres of space, and this fan oven offers fantastic, even heat while you're cooking. The smaller conventional oven offers 35 litres of space and doubles as a variable grill. This oven is A-rated for energy efficiency, so you know you're saving money on your energy bills. You can also be sure that you're saving your own energy as these ovens boast easy-clean enamel, making them easier to clean. Enjoy cooking even more with the Union Jack Stoves Sterling 600E Electric Ceramic Cooker , recommended by the Energy Saving Trust.
Precision cooking is at your fingertips with the Hotpoint HUE62XS Electric Cooker . A helping hand This 60 cm double oven cooker provides you with ample cooking space for every meal. The main oven has 8 special functions including a roast beef option and a pastry option. The Intelligent Cooking System provides you with information about how to best cook your meal, even providing advice about the shelf position and temperature. The ovens also include a Solarplus twin variable grill to provide you with fast and even grilling. Both cavities benefit from catalytic liners which make cleaning and maintenance painless. Heating up the hobs There's room for all your pots and pans on the precision control ceramic hob with 4 elements. Each element has a hot hob indicator that warns you when the hob is hot so you can avoid accidents in the kitchen. Enjoy fantastic cooking with the Hotpoint HUE62XS Electric Cooker .
The 90 cm Miele DA249-4 Chimney Cooker Hood is impeccably designed, with powerful extraction rates of up to 640 m³/h and smart connectivity with Miele induction hobs. A comfortable kitchen environment This Miele Cooker Hood offers rapid extraction and recirculation speeds, tackling even the most stubborn airborne greases and smells with stainless steel filters. Thanks to the touch button controls and LED display it's easy to change between the four fan speeds, including an intensive setting for stronger air filtering. Two dimmable halogen lights offer precise cooking conditions and the ambiance of your kitchen can be controlled with just one touch. Hob to hood communication The Miele DA249-4 Cooker Hood makes cooking extremely intuitive when you have a Miele induction hob thanks to Miele's Con@ctivity technology. The Con@ctivity feature works via concealed communication elements with the cooker hood activating shortly after the hob is turned on. The extractor fan operates at a setting to suit the number and power of the cooking zones being used. Should you forget to switch off the DA249-4 , a safety switch off will kick in, giving you peace of mind. Brilliantly finished in stainless steel, the Miele DA249-4 Chimney Cooker Hood delivers optimum performance in your kitchen.
Cook up fantastic food and delicious dinners with the Rangemaster Classic Deluxe 90 Electric Range Cooker. Expertise and excellence With over 200 years of expertise to draw upon, Rangemaster are undisputed experts when it comes to providing quality cookers. Using the Classic Deluxe 90 Ceramic Range Cooker , you'll get to enjoy the full range of benefits their experience brings, with a cooker that's packed full of features that allow you to prepare meals with confidence and finesse. Perfect if you like to practice cooking like a professional at home, at 90 cm wide this cooker is superb for smaller kitchens without sacrificing any functionality. Fit for a feast Featuring five electric ceramic hobs, two large capacity electric ovens and a dual circuit variable grill, no matter what you plan on making the Classic Deluxe 90 Cooker is up to the task. With a range of features designed to make your culinary adventures easy, you'll delight in using it time and time again. The programmable main oven has a capacity of 69 litres and is fan heated, whilst the secondary oven is only slightly smaller at 66 litres - however both are more than spacious enough to comfortably contain whatever you're cooking. Multifunction magic The multi-function oven opens a whole world of possibilities when it comes to making sure you food is cooked to perfection. Choose from one of 8 different settings and ensure your meal is done just the way it should be. Making use of heating elements at the top and bottom of the oven, as well as a fan, the Classic Deluxe 90 can customise the type of heat in the cooking cavity to produce the perfect environment for different types of cuisine. For example, the browning setting will make use of only the element at the top - making it perfect for producing a crisp and browned top on meals. The fanned grill function will ensure food is grilled evenly through out without the need to turn it, ideal for items like fish, chops and sausages. Whatever you food you're preparing, the Classic Deluxe will have a setting that makes sure it turns out perfectly. Clever cooking When cooking a Sunday roast, the Handyrack feature in the main oven lives up to its name and conveniently swivels your food out of the oven when you open the door, allowing you to check the status of your meal quickly and easily. No more burning your hands trying to see if dinners done - just open and check in seconds. While the oven is taking care of the main courses, you can use the five-zone electric ceramic hob to make sure your side dishes are prepared to perfection. With an easy-to-clean ceramic top to place your pots and pans on and chrome finished dials which are simple to use, you're always in control. Safety as standard Designed with safety as well as style in mind, all the hobs are fitted with a hot hub indicator allowing you to easily see which of them are heated and helping avoid any potential accidents. Whilst being eminently practical, there is no compromise on style - coming in black with chrome handles, the Classic Deluxe 90 Ceramic Cooker will look superb in any kitchen. A small digital display provides you with information and all the dials are simply and clearly labelled so it's always easy to see what you're doing and with beautifully bevelled doors and a large triple glazed window on the main oven, it's easy to keep an eye on your food and to make sure that cake always remains delicious. When you're looking to bring something special to the dinner table, start with something special in the kitchen - the Rangemaster Classic Deluxe 90 Electric Range Cooker .
Bring sophistication to every step of your meals with the strikingly elegant Rangemaster Classic 90 LPG Range Cooker . Rangemaster heritage Drawing on nearly 200 years of tradition and heritage, you can prepare meals with confidence and precision when you cook with the Rangemaster Classic 90 in an elegant white finish with chrome accents. Ideal for anyone who wants to cook like a professional at home, this 90 cm cooker is a fantastic way to enjoy range cooking in smaller kitchens. Feature packed cooking Featuring everything you want from a traditional range cooker including five natural gas hobs, two large ovens, a separate grill compartment, elegant windows and bevelled doors, you have plenty of room to cook even the most complicated dishes. Use either of the two 66-litre ovens to make practically anything with this versatile range. The gas oven is ideal for meat, expertly browning and delivering succulent joints and roasts without drying them out, while the electric fan oven allows for evenly heated multilevel cooking, terrific for baking. Combined there is nothing you can't make. Expand your menu With settings to cater to absolutely everything you want to cook, the Classic 90 will expand your culinary horizons and make it easier than ever to cook like the professionals. In addition to the four quick response gas hobs you also get a high-speed three-ring wok burner that lets you rustle up stir-frys in minutes, while the half-smooth, half-ribbed griddle is the best tool to use for the perfect cooked breakfast. Slide the cast iron griddle over the burners and increase your cooking area to sear meat fish and vegetables while the ridges help drain off fat for a healthier way to eat. Innovation and usability Use the Classic 90 and enjoy the benefits of Rangemaster's commitment to intelligent design. Cast-iron pan supports are both hard wearing and easy to clean, simply pop them in the dishwasher and avoid hours of tedious scrubbing to keep your cooker in pristine condition. The Classic 90 also boasts a convenient swing out roasting rack that attaches to the oven door and lets you check on the status of your roast without burning your hands on the door or shelves. All you have to do is open the door and the roasting tray is right in front of you, just another way that the Classic makes cooking an easy, and stress free experience. Putting safety first, the Classic features a Flame Supervision Device for added peace of mind; if the flame is extinguished for any reason the FSD detects it and automatically shuts off the gas supply preventing a potentially dangerous gas build up for added safety. The Classic 90 LPG Range Cooker from Rangemaster finished in White with chrome features is an elegant choice for aspiring chefs to take their cooking to the next level. PLEASE NOTE: THIS COOKER IS TO BE USED WITH AN LPG (LIQUID PETROLEUM GAS) SUPPLY ONLY AND NOT NATURAL GAS .
The Stoves Sterling 600-DF Dual Fuel Cooker offers two electric oven cavities and four gas hobs, so you have complete flexibility when cooking your dinner. Easy cooking With a large 59 litre main oven capacity and a 35 litre secondary oven, there's plenty of room for all your meat and vegetables. The secondary oven is also equipped with a variable grill, so you can grill a quick cheese and toast snack. The four gas hobs allow you to boil those potatoes and heat up the soup. The fully programmable cooker is built with an LED display and timer for a complete ease of use. The digital clock can even be programmed to automatically start and stop, so you can plan your dinner to perfection. Just cooking The 6-00DF fan oven has a viewing window and interior light so you can keep a close eye on your food. Once you've enjoyed your delicious meal you can rest assured that you won't be scrubbing away. The easy clean enamel is designed to resist spills so any mess can be swiftly wiped away. The flame safety device feature automatically cuts off the gas when it detects that the flame has been extinguished, keeping you safe. Recommended by the Energy Trust, the energy efficient A-rated Sterling 600-DF Dual Fuel Cooker has a sleek and modern build with a stylish black finish, a real statement in the kitchen.
Prepare some haute cuisine with the Zanussi ZCV662MNC Electric Cooker . Cooking versatility The Thermaflow fan oven distributes heat evenly without transferring flavour so you can create several dishes at once. No more fish-tasting apple crumble or chicken-flavoured dessert! An immense 74 litre main oven capacity also ensures ample room for cooking huge meals and Sunday roasts. Keep it pristine Catalytic oven liners effectively reduce grease and grime to keep the oven clean. The ceramic hobs and soft design control panel are also easy to wipe clean so you can get rid of spills quickly. Swift functionality The ZCV662MNC Electric Cooker is ergonomically designed for smooth and simple operation. The controls are conveniently located at the top of the cooker for easy access and added safety. You can also use the handy integrated programmable timer to help you keep track of your cooking. Get creative in the kitchen with the Zanussi ZCV662MNC Electric Cooker .
The Hotpoint HAE-51GS Electric Cooker gives you a hob, oven and separate grill in a sleekly compact electric cooker. Cook up a storm, your way There are many ways to cook a delicious meal with the Hotpoint Electric Cooker - fry, boil, stew or fricassee on the smooth 4-plate ceramic hob, bake or souffle in the dynamic circulaire fan oven, or toast in the variable separate grill. With all this culinary power at your fingertips you're sure to deliver some serious kitchen wizardry! Safe and versatile There are 2 cooking zone sizes on the Electric Hob to accommodate all your different pots and pans, and to keep things safe there are hot hob warning lights alerting you and your family to cooking temperatures. The Hotpoint HAE51GS Cooker comes with 2 oven shelves and a grill pan, plus the grill itself is variable, so you can cook any meal to delicious perfection while adjusting oven and grill settings as you need. Easy to maintain The main oven features catalytic cleaning liners to make cleaning the oven as much as a pleasure as using it. This coated lining oxidises grease when it reaches a certain temperature, eliminating those stubborn areas from cleaning. The grill area in the HAE-51G Electric Cooker is coated in easy-clean enamel to promote easy wiping down after use. Choose the Hotpoint HAE-51GS Electric Cooker for outstanding cooking results, effortless upkeep and slick modern looks that will enhance any kitchen.
Keep your kitchen clean and clear with the Miele DA-3490 Canopy Cooker Hood in stainless steel. In with the good, out with the bad With a powerful 550 m³/h extraction rate, this Miele cooker hood makes short work of removing smoke, water vapour and bad smells from your kitchen. It also offers a 350 m³/h recirculation rate to filter greasy air and freshen the atmosphere - convert it for recirculation in no time with an easy-to-fit kit. The DA349-0 is fitted with a 12-layer stainless steel grease filter that dynamically removes unwanted entities, and you can install an active charcoal filter (available separately) for even more effective filtration. The pull-open canopy activates the sliding switch controls for the four-speed fan and the separate lights at the same time. The double acting radial fan features full soundproofing that makes it very quiet but very effective. A special Intensive setting has been incorporated to deal with heavy fumes. Fits cleanly and cleans easily The Miele DA3-490 Cooker Hood uses a 12-layer filter to extract as much grease as possible and make cooking a relaxing, refreshing experience. Two halogen bulbs have been fitted to provide 50 W of light that keeps your stove area perfectly illuminated. Since the filter is dishwasher safe, cleaning and maintaining it is a breeze - even its clean cover design makes for easier cleaning with its smooth internal surfaces. It keeps wires hidden and maintains a flawless facade. The stainless steel Miele DA-3490 Canopy Cooker Hood has been designed to fit between two kitchen units or mounted on the wall for a distinguishing visual statement - keep things clean and clear in style.
Take your cooking experience to scintillating heights by taking a closer look the Rangemaster Professional+ FX 90 Dual Fuel Range Cooker . Colossal oven space This cooker isn't just a handsome face; it boasts a full complement of features accumulated within a hugely spacious 108 litre multifunction oven. Since it's multifunctional, the main cavity offers truly versatile oven temperatures for all kinds of cooking from defrosting to fanned cooking, and everything in between. The oven is fully programmable, making it easy to create delicious culinary delights that will impress family and friends. The inside can also be transformed into a full width, variable grill, ready for adding a crispy finish to dishes or for cooking meat to perfection. The oven can be kept clean with the minimum of effort, as its catalytic liners reduce residue and spillages to an oxidised material that can be easily wiped away. Highly responsive hob cooking With a five-burner gas hob, you'll enjoy faster heating up times and fantastic cooking control. There's plenty of space for all your different pots and pans, with cast-iron pan supports providing an extremely stable and robust base. A large wok burner is on hand to accommodate larger cooking vessels, so you can cook up an authentic Asian-style feast or stir fry for large gatherings. The heavy-duty cast-aluminium griddle plate provides a quick, easy and healthy way to cook meats and create the perfect breakfast. A flame supervision device on the hob keeps things safe by cutting off the gas supply immediately if a flame on the hob goes out. Introducing Rangemasters' Energy Saving Panel Ideal for when you want to cook on a smaller scale, Rangemasters' innovative Energy Saving Panel is a simple slide-in device that reduces the Professional+ FX 's oven capacity to 49 litres. When the panel is in use the leftover cavity area acts as a handy plate warming device, so now your meals can stay warmer for longer. The storage drawer at the base of the oven is ready for storing of the ESP, so it can be conveniently hidden away. Gracefully finished in silver with hints of chrome, the Rangemaster Professional+ FX 90 Dual Fuel Range Cooker will add a touch of class to your kitchen.
The Stoves Sterling 600G Gas Cooker offers two ovens, four gas burners and an integrated grill for cooking flexibility. Gas cooking The gas cooker uses heat from gas jets at the base of the oven, the rising heat spreads around the entire oven, making it slightly hotter at the top and cooler at the bottom. You can exploit this to cook to dishes simultaneously. Gas cooking gives you more cooking control with immediate heat alteration. Two cavities, four burners The double oven cooker provides ample space for family meals. The conventional oven is built with an easy-clean enamel interior, making it easy to wipe clean after use. One of the ovens also doubles as an electric grill, providing you with a variety of cooking options. The 600G is topped off by four powerful gas hobs, with ample room for your pots and pans on the cast-iron pan supports. Hob lid The hob comes with a stylish glass lid with a safety cut-off feature that stops the gas supply when the lid is lowered. There's also a flame safety device that turns off the gas if the flame is ever extinguished. Complete control The fully programmable cooker is built with a chic LED display and timer for complete ease of use. The digital clock can even be programmed to automatically start and stop, so you can plan your dinner to perfection. Finished in sleek stainless steel, the Stoves Sterling 600G Gas Cooker offers great cooking space with flexible features.
This innovative Belling FSG60DO Gas Cooker with Electric Grill combines a conventional gas oven, a four-zone gas hob, and an electric grill for exceptionally versatile cooking! With its stainless steel finish, this double oven also looks fantastic. Lots of oven space The Belling FSG60DO Gas Cooker has two cavities to support elaborate meal preparations. The interior features easy-clean enamel liners for simple wipe-down cleaning. An electric grill gives you the power to give meals a delicious brown finish, and a rear light helps you see what's cooking at a glance. Handy hobs The hob of the Belling FSG60DO Gas Cooker is equally well designed, offering 4 gas burners for fine gourmet cooking. All burners are equipped with flame-failure devices for extra safety, and push-button ignition makes getting a flame safe and convenient. The Belling FSG60DO Gas Cooker with Electric Grill boasts gloss enamel pan supports and a glass lid - finishing touches on a cooker that is sure to appeal to anyone seeking something special!
The wall-mounted Miele DA289-4 Chimney Cooker Hood adds a feel of understated elegance to your kitchen, with powerful extraction rates of up to 640 m³/h and smart connectivity with Miele induction hobs. A comfortable kitchen environment This extraction-style Miele Cooker Hood offers rapid speeds, tackling even the most stubborn airborne grease and smells with stainless steel filters. Thanks to the electronic controls it is easy to change between the four fan speeds, including an intensive setting for more powerful air filtering. Four dimmable halogen lights offer precise cooking conditions and the ambiance of your kitchen can be controlled with just one touch. Hob to hood communication The Miele DA289-4 Cooker Hood makes cooking extremely intuitive when you have a Miele induction hob thanks to Miele's Con@ctivity technology. The Con@ctivity feature works via concealed communication elements with the cooker hood activating shortly after the hob is turned on. The extractor fan operates at a setting to suit the number and power of the cooking zones being used. Should you forget to switch off the DA289-4 , a safety switch off will kick in, giving you peace of mind. Immaculately finished in stainless steel, the Miele DA289-4 Chimney Cooker Hood delivers optimum performance in your kitchen.
Bring some colour to your kitchen with the stylish red Stoves Sterling 600E Electric Ceramic Cooker . Plenty of cooking space You can fit all the pots and pans you need onto the ceramic hob, with 4 burners that provide powerful cooking. The flat surface also makes the Sterling 600E easy to keep clean. There are two ovens, so you have the choice to cook in a fanned or conventional oven. Offering over 50 litres of space, the main fanned oven is programmable, and also includes a timer. It's easy to see how your food is doing thanks to the rear halogen light. Let's get grilling The secondary oven doubles as a variable dual-circuit grill, so you can grill at the same time as cooking in the main oven. The grill provides an economic option as you can use the grill on half or full settings. A-rated and recommended by the Energy Saving Trust, the red Stoves Sterling 600E Electric Ceramic Cooker is a great option for any kitchen.
Elegant, stylish cooking awaits you with the Beko HII64400AT Induction Hob . Chic cooking With 4 induction heating zones at varying sizes for your convenience, this Beko hob can cook an abundance of different dishes in one go. The ceramic glass black Beko HII64400AT Hob is a focal point of the kitchen with a sleek, glossy appearance that is easy to maintain. 9 power levels ensure you can cook your food at the right temperature without overheating or burning the food, offering the precise control that makes induction the new cooking choice. Practical use You can enjoy the latest in cooking technology with the sleek, sophisticated touch controls that the Beko HII-64400AT Induction Hob features, along with the safe and simple induction heating technology which transfers heat directly into ferrous metal pans. There is a timer too, allowing you to leave your food cooking away and alerting you to check up on it. Get cooking in style with the attractive Beko HII64400AT Induction Hob . Please note this product needs to be hardwired by a qualified electrician, such as one of our Knowhow experts.
The Beko BDV555AS Electric Solid Plate Cooker offers 2 oven cavities with an integrated grill and 4 electric hob elements for complete cooking convenience. Have a good cook This electric cooker has a good-sized 58 litre main fan oven capacity that will accommodate a family's dinner. There's also a 28 litre secondary oven with a grill for your cheese and toast snacks. The four solid plate hob elements make room for your different sized pots and pans, so you can simmer all those vegetables. You no longer have to fear cleaning your cooker as this BD-V555AS cooker features easy clean enamel, so you can swiftly wipe away any spills. The energy efficient A-rated fan oven has a viewing window and double glazing for keeping in the heat. A fully programmable cooker is crafted with a digital display for an easy operation. Find a new love for cooking with the stylishly silver Beko BDV555AS Electric Solid Plate Cooker.
The Indesit IS-60D1-XXS Dual Fuel Cooker gives you top cooking functionality with a great gas hob and spacious fan oven for outstanding results. Dual fuel The 4 burner hob on the Indesit cooker features a button for easy electric ignition, while the single cavity oven benefits from fan and conventional heating methods to deliver delicious food cooked to perfection. Enamelled pan supports on the hob provide excellent stability during cooking on the IS-60D1-X Dual Fuel Cooker , with dynamic heat transfer for quick, even cooking. The multifunction oven also features a full-width fan grill to turn out healthy and delicious meats, vegetables and fish - or any meal of your choice! A double-glazed mirrored window in the oven door ensures all that lovely heat is retained for moist, succulent results. Easy use and maintenance As well as providing great cooking power, the hob is easy clean taking the hassle out of cleaning and maintenance. The hob is LPG convertible and there's even a kit included for this purpose. Large knobs on the front of the freestanding dual fuel cooker are easy to grip and turn, so you can fine tune the heat and really get those sauces and dishes perfect. In the oven area there's a handy storage compartment for organising all your cooking paraphernalia. There is also a useful minute minder to keep track of your cooking. Make cooking an everyday delight and deliver gourmet perfection with the Indesit IS60D1XXS Dual Fuel Cooker .
Make cooking your evening meals a pleasure with the New World 601GDOL Gas Cooker . Cooking with gas With 4 gas hobs, you've got plenty of hob space for your pots and pans. The 601-GDOL has a glass hob lid that not only acts as an extra workspace when it is down but also acts as a splashback when you're cooking. The flame safety device ensures that the gas supply is stopped if the flame is extinguished, helping to keep you and your family safe. Plenty of oven space There are two oven spaces to make use of, so you have room whether you're baking a potato or roasting a roast dinner for the whole family. These conventional ovens include a light that lets you easily see what's cooking, and they have an easy clean enamel lining. The top oven space also doubles as an electric grill, so you have the option to grill food while also baking or roasting. With a stylish chrome finish, the New World 601GDOL Gas Cooker looks great in any kitchen.
Ideal for a tabletop, the smart and compact Belling Baby 321R Tabletop Electric Cooker provides an excellent cooking space. Small but mighty The Baby Belling 321R may be small but has enough space in the conventional oven to cook a 12 lb turkey and it is also happy grilling the Sunday breakfast! The oven roof is removable and it has easy-clean enamel liners that make it easier to keep the oven sparkling. Hob space The small Baby Belling 321-R has 2 electric hob plates on the top that mean it is a breeze to heat up food in pans. Whether you're warming soup or boiling some vegetables, the hob provides ample heat to get the job done. Whether you choose to use the hob or the oven, you'll be able to create your meals quickly. Bring home a compact cooking choice with the Belling Baby 321R Tabletop Electric Cooker .
Produce stunning meals, time after time with the Rangemaster Toledo 90 Induction Range Cooker - a cooker that will redefine your kitchen with its superb quality, versatility and contemporary design. Rangemaster heritage Drawing upon nearly 200 years of tradition, Rangemaster have designed the Toledo 90 to give you the ability to prepare and serve meals with confidence and panache. Ideal for amateurs and professionals alike, this 90 cm wide cooker is a wonderful way to enjoy the experience of range cooking in your kitchen. Make mealtimes special Two large fan heated ovens, a separate grill cavity and a state-of-the art five-zone induction hob all feature to create a special cooking experience that will have you enjoying every moment spent in the kitchen. With the two ovens providing a combined capacity of 135 litres you'll have plenty of room to cook even the most complicated dishes. Bring a new twist to old favourites or try your hand at something new and exciting - the decision is yours. Features that help The programmable main oven allows you to set the time that you want your meal to start cooking - even if you aren't present. While the ovens are full, use the fantastically effective induction hob to prepare other dishes. Twice as efficient as a gas hob, induction hobs are fast, safe and incredibly responsive, providing almost instant heat at the touch of the button. Making use of electromagnetic energy to heat the pan itself, induction hobs leave near to no residual heat. As a result, they are considerably safer for everyday use. Because of the lack of residual heat on the hob, it is almost impossible to burn anything onto the cooking surface. This means that cleaning up after you've finished is a simple case of wiping down the hob with a damp cloth. Simple and safe A convenient swing-out Handyrack attaches to the inside of the oven door and lets you check on the status of your roast by simply opening the door - no more burning your hands as you check to see how much longer is required. Catalytic liners and easy-wipe enamel make the work of cleaning the interior of the ovens as easy as keeping the hob clean, while large and sturdy bar handles make opening and closing the Toledo 90 safe and easy. Finished in stylish gunmetal and with chrome trimmings, the Toledo 90 will be the focal point of any kitchen. If you're looking for a new cooker that combines the very best of modern technology, with the heritage and prestige that nearly two centuries of expertise brings, look no further than the Rangemaster Toledo 90 Induction Range Cooker.
Fulfil your cooking requirements with the stylish Beko BDC5422AW Electric Ceramic Cooker . Cooking off Cook your way to heaven in this family-friendly cooker. A large 58 litre oven capacity allows for sufficient room for the family's Sunday roast dinner. A separate variable grill is ideal for cooking a little snack or you can just store your plates there while you cook the dinner in the oven so you can enjoy it off a nice warm plate. Hob cooking, easy cleaning The four rapid heating ceramic hobs sit your pots and pans and even make for an easy cleaning too. Thanks to the easy clean enamel this BDC-5422AW cooker is a breeze to clean, you can effortlessly wipe away spillages. Energy saving This conventional oven has an energy efficient A-rating. The double glazing door keeps the heat in and the viewing window allows you to keep a close eye on your cooking without opening the oven door. Look forward to the cooking and even the cleaning with the white Beko BDC5422AW Electric Ceramic Cooker.
The classic cream Rangemaster Classic 110 Induction Range Cooker combines traditional range styling with the latest in cooking technology. Dual ovens The Rangemaster Classic 110 Cooker offers three cavities to give you maximum cooking control and flexibility. Feel the benefits of having two large ovens at your disposal. The 76-litre main cavity uses fanned heat for incredibly even temperature distribution, making it ideal for everything from batch bakes to crisp pizza and succulent roasts. An adjustable Handyrack slides out with the door so you can check roasts easily without burning your fingers. The second oven gives you 69 litres of space, so the cooker really has all the space you'll need for all your culinary endeavours. Using conventional heat, it gives you the flexibility to cook several different items with different temperature levels. Induction cooking The Classic 110 has a five-zone induction hob that uses highly impressive induction technology for quick and reliable cooking performance. These fast and efficient zones are highly responsive, so you can rely on them to provide the heat you need. The element beneath the hob surface creates a circuit with ferrous metal pans, delivering instant heat and accurate control. Whilst induction heat does not heat the surface of the hob, which makes them very safe, the surface can become hot because of heat from the pan. This cooker has hot hob indicators so you can see when the hobs are still hot, helping to prevent accidental burns. Extra cooking options Expanding your cookery further, the Rangemaster Classic 110 Cooker includes a separate full-width variable grill compartment. Prepare meat and anything else you please with a crispy browned finish, preserving natural flavours and doing away with the need for oil. A grill handle makes it easy to slide the grill out to check your food. There's a programmable timer that makes it easy to set the oven to perform how you need it to - cook everything to perfection. Easy maintenance The Rangemaster Classic 110 Cooker features catalytic liners in both oven cavities, which oxidise spillages and food debris at high temperatures for easy wiping away. This makes oven maintenance considerably easier. Recommended by the Energy Savings Trust, the cooker is rated 'A' for energy efficiency, so it's kinder to your household bills and the environment. Enjoy a kitchen you can be proud of when you bring home the Rangemaster Classic 110 Induction Range Cooker .
For headphones with attitude, you need the Skullcandy Lowrider S5LWFY-131 Headphones . Sound with style You can expect fantastic sound quality with the Lowrider Headphones . These navy and chrome headphones offer unbeatable sound, with plenty of bass that will get your head nodding. They have a lightweight and folding design, letting you easily fold them for storage and travel. The articulated earcups deliver extra comfort, so you can listen all day. You can also use them for DJ-style monitoring. Taking control You can control your music easily thanks to the in-line controls, letting you play and pause as well as skip tracks. They also include a microphone that makes it easy to take calls when you're out and about, without having to fish your phone out of your pocket. Express yourself with the Skullcandy Lowrider S5LWFY-131 Headphones .
Indesit ID-50E1-WS Electric Cooker accommodates all your home cooking needs with ample space and power. Lots of space, lots of power You'll be able to take on ambitious culinary escapades for large groups of friends and family thanks to the solid-plate hob, double oven and twin variable grill packed into the ID-50E1-WS Electric Cooker . Boil, bake, roast, fry and grill any dish to perfection with this fantastic cooker, and keep total control over your cooking thanks to features such as the end cooking timer. The oven is powered by conventional heat, so you know you're getting good solid results. There are 54 litres of space in the main oven and 28 litres in the secondary oven, so the Indesit Electric Cooker really gives you a lot to play with. Add to this 4 electric hob plates and you've got a cooking artillery on hand! Saves energy and space The ID-50E1-W Electric Cooker uses only 0.99 kWh of energy and is B-rated for energy efficiency in the main oven, so you know you're getting great energy conservation for such a multi-faceted cooker. At only 50 cm across, the cooker fits into almost any kitchen space. Marvellous maintenance The top of this Indesit Electric Cooker is a convenient easy-clean hob for quick, smooth wiping down, while both oven cavities are lined with easy-clean enamel to take the headache out of oven maintenance. You're sure to get consistent pleasure from all aspects of using this truly impressive cooking appliance. Transform your culinary life with the ergonomic, powerful and versatile Indesit ID50E1WS Electric Cooker .
The Electrolux EFA-40850X Island Cooker Hood features a rounded modern design and is capable of powerful extraction and recirculation for fresh kitchen air at all times. Keeps things fresh With a maximum extraction rate of 631m³/h and a top recirculation rate of 366 m³/h, the EFA-40850-X Cooker Hood removes and recycles bad air from your kitchen quickly and effectively. You might have burned something on the stove, cooked a powerful-smelling dish or left that rice boiling too long - whatever the case, this cooker hood goes to work in seconds. It works at a moderate 66dB(A) to keep things peaceful aurally and atmospherically. Complete control Ensuring you peace of mind, this great cooker good keeps you in control via its clear and simple setting selection, accessed with mechanical controls. Choose from 3 speeds with the smooth push buttons, selecting a setting that best deals with the severity of the problem you're having. Simple maintenance and installation With a removable and washable aluminium grease filter, it couldn't be easier to care for the E-FA40-850X Cooker Hood , making sure it's always working at peak levels for a beautifully clean kitchen. There's a built-in halogen spotlight to give you great illumination and hob visibility at all times, and the hood is simply attached to the ceiling for island installation. Choose the Electrolux EFA-40850X Island Cooker Hood for great looks and high-level air cleaning in your kitchen.
Enjoy quality and style in your kitchen with the Rangemaster Classic Deluxe 90 Electric Range Cooker . Expertise and excellence With over 200 years of expertise to draw upon, Rangemaster are undisputed experts when it comes to providing quality cookers. Using the Classic Deluxe 90 Range Cooker , you'll get to enjoy the full range of benefits their experience brings, with a cooker that's packed full of features that allow you to prepare meals with confidence and finesse. Perfect if you like to practice cooking like a professional at home, at 90 cm wide this cooker is superb for smaller kitchens without sacrificing any functionality. Fit for a feast Featuring five electric ceramic hobs, two large capacity electric ovens and a dual circuit variable grill, no matter what you plan on making the Classic Deluxe 90 Ceramic Range Cooker is up to the task. With a range of features designed to make your culinary adventures easy, you'll delight in using it time and time again. The programmable main oven has a capacity of 69 litres and is fan heated, whilst the secondary oven is only slightly smaller at 66 litres - however both are more than spacious enough to comfortably contain whatever you're cooking. Multifunction magic The multi-function oven opens a whole world of possibilities when it comes to making sure you food is cooked to perfection. Choose from one of 8 different settings and ensure your meal is done just the way it should be. Making use of heating elements at the top and bottom of the oven, as well as a fan, the Classic Deluxe 90 can customise the type of heat in the cooking cavity to produce the perfect environment for different types of cuisine. For example, the browning setting will make use of only the element at the top - making it perfect for producing a crisp and browned top on meals. The fanned grill function will ensure food is grilled evenly through out without the need to turn it, ideal for items like fish, chops and sausages. Whatever you food you're preparing, the Classic Deluxe will have a setting that makes sure it turns out perfectly. Clever cooking When cooking a Sunday roast, the Handyrack feature in the main oven lives up to its name and conveniently swivels your food out of the oven when you open the door, allowing you to check the status of your meal quickly and easily. No more burning your hands trying to see if dinners done - just open and check in seconds. While the oven is taking care of the main courses, you can use the five-zone electric ceramic hob to make sure your side dishes are prepared to perfection. With an easy-to-clean ceramic top to place your pots and pans on and chrome finished dials which are simple to use, you're always in control. Safety as standard Designed with safety as well as style in mind, all the hobs are fitted with a hot hub indicator allowing you to easily see which of them are heated and helping avoid any potential accidents. Whilst being eminently practical, there is no compromise on style - coming in black colour with brass handles, the Classic Deluxe 90 Ceramic Cooker will look superb in any kitchen. A small digital display provides you with information and all the dials are simply and clearly labelled so it's always easy to see what you're doing and with beautifully bevelled doors and a large triple glazed window on the main oven, it's easy to keep an eye on your food and to make sure that cake always remains delicious. Bring quality and superb craftmanship to you kitchen with the Rangemaster Classic Deluxe 90 Electric Range Cooker .
For versatility, intelligent design and high performance cooking look no further than the supremely adaptable Rangemaster Elan 90 Induction Range Cooker in racing green. Rangemaster heritage Drawing on nearly 200 years of tradition, you can prepare meals with confidence and precision when you cook with the Rangemaster Elan 90 . With an energy rating of A, the 90 cm wide Elan is efficient and smaller than a full scale range, making it ideal for anyone who wants to cook like a professional at home, even in smaller kitchens. Feature packed cooking Featuring everything you want from a traditional range cooker including two large programmable ovens, a separate grill compartment, spiral handles and bevelled doors, you have plenty of room to cook even the most complicated dishes with the added efficiency of a state-of-the-art five-zone induction hob. Boasting a spacious 69-litre multifunction oven as well as a 66-litre fan oven, the possibilities with the Elan are endless. Speed up defrosting, brown your meat and crisp up pizza bases with seven different functions to fine tune your dishes and add a touch of finesse to your cooking. Combined there is nothing you can't make. Expand your menu With settings to cater to absolutely everything you want to cook, the Elan 90 will expand your culinary horizons and make it easier than ever to cook like the professionals. Twice as efficient as a gas hob, induction hobs are fast, safe and much more responsive, providing almost instant heat at the touch of the button. Using electromagnetic energy to heat the pan itself, induction hobs have no residual heat which makes them considerably safer for everyday use. For even more peace of mind, the Elan 90 Induction Range Cooker also features a Hot Hob Indicator and child lock. Innovation and usability Use the Elan 90 and enjoy the benefits of Rangemaster's commitment to intelligent design. Due to the science behind induction cooking, the hob surface rarely gets very hot so it's impossible to burn anything onto it - simply wipe down the smooth hob after use with a damp cloth and clean your range in seconds, not hours. The Elan 90 also boasts a convenient swing out roasting Handyrack that attaches to the oven door and lets you check on the status of your roast without burning your hands on the door or shelves. All you have to do is open the door and the Handyrack roasting tray is right in front of you, just another way that the Elan makes cooking an easy, stress-free experience. Epitomising the distinctive looks of a traditional range cooker with user-friendly modern features, the Rangemaster Elan 90 Induction Range Cooker will instantly become the heart of your kitchen.
The Miele DA-3360 Canopy Cooker Hood offers a sleek stainless steel accent to your kitchen and works powerfully to remove bad air and fumes. Dual action air cleaning Fitted with a powerful double-acting radial fan, the DA336-0 Cooker Hood is capable of 430 m³/h extraction rates to pump smoke, steam and obnoxious odours outside. Use the easy-to-fit kit to convert it into a recirculation unit, filtering bad air into good with a 300 m³/h capability. 12-layer stainless steel grease filters go to work to comprehensively remove grease particles from your kitchen's atmosphere, keeping it clearer, calmer and more breathable. Install an optional active charcoal filter for even more dynamic cooking air cleaning. Quietly practical cooker hood The Miele DA33-60 Canopy Hood features extensive soundproofing that enables it to work more quietly. Use the automatically activated sliding switch to control the four fan speeds to meet your needs. It's easy to remove the fast-release grease filters for cleaning in the sink or dishwasher, and there are two integrated halogen lamps that provide you with 50 W of illumination for your hob, adding a warm atmosphere to the kitchen. The lights are automatically turned on when the canopy is pulled open. Easy hood integration Thanks to its streamlined, thoughtful design, the Miele D-A336-0 Canopy Cooker Hood can fit between two kitchen units or be mounted on its own on a wall to provide a striking completing aspect for a gas or electric hob. Add a touch of modern style and power to keep your kitchen clearer with the stainless steel Miele DA-3360 Canopy Cooker Hood .
With everything you need to cook your family beautiful meals, the red Leisure CM105FRRP Dual Fuel Range Cooker is ideal in any stylish kitchen. Feed your family in style Whether you're cooking a mid-week evening meal or a full roast dinner for the family, you've got room in the CM105FR. There are two 53 litre ovens to make use of, and with a choice between an electric fan oven and an electric conventional oven, you can cook your way. There's plenty of hob space too, as the CM-105FRRP boasts 5 gas burners with cast iron pan supports that provide room for all your pots and pans. This includes a high-output wok burner for when you need extra power, and a ceramic cooking zone. As well as all this there's a separate variable grill that makes it easy to grill while you're preparing all your food, perfect whether it's a slice of toast or rashers of bacon. Spend less time cleaning The oven spaces have catalytic and enamel liners that make it easy to clean and maintain them, helping to save you time. Catalytic liners allow the dirt to be burnt away when the oven is hot enough, so all you need to do is wipe it down. Keeping you safe The oven is designed to keep you safe while you're cooking thanks to the heat-reflective glass, helping to create a cooler surface that won't burn you. The gas hobs have flame safety devices that cut off the gas flow if the flame is extinguished, keeping your family safe. There's also a stability chain included with this cooker. With plenty of style and lots of fantastic features, the Leisure CM105FRRP Dual Fuel Range Cooker is your perfect kitchen companion.
The Zanussi ZCG-660-GWC LPG Gas Cooker in white is a big gas appliance that lets you cook several dishes simultaneously, removing the stress from food preparation. Hob features With 1 rapid burner, 2 semi-rapid burners and a simmer burner, this great cooker has all the varied functions and heat intensities you need to create any delicious dish you desire. The sturdy pan supports ensure that all your pots and pans are easily and reliably kept stable, so you can feel safer and also know that they're receiving beautifully even heating. To keep things even safer, there's a stylish glass hob lid with an automatic gas cut-off feature. Whether you're simmering sauces, crisping up bacon or doing a stir fry, this great gas hob will quickly attain the heat you need. Exemplary oven The Z-CG-660-GWC Gas Cooker has 2 oven cavities to accommodate all the different dishes you want, with a massive 79 litres of space in the main oven and 34 litres in the top cavity. You'll be able to roast, bake and slow-cook your way to eternal culinary satisfaction. In addition, there's a separate grill in the top cavity to give you wonderfully crisp, brown and healthy cooking. Painless use and upkeep The oven doors on the ZC-G660-GW-C Gas Cooker are both air cooled and double glazed for safely reduced exterior temperatures and to retain heat effectively. Using the automatic ignition system, all you need to do is turn and press the knob for easy hob lighting. The interior light enables you to check on your food easily, and thanks to the catalytic cleaning facility, you'll find it totally simple to wipe down the easy-clean enamel oven interior. Packed with features, fast and powerful heat, and great functions, the Zanussi ZCG-660-GWC LPG Gas Cooker is a high-quality kitchen appliance.
Make your cooker the focal point of your kitchen with the stylish black New World Spirit 100DFT Dual Fuel Range Cooker . Handy hob space The Spirit 100 boasts 8 gas hobs, so there is plenty of hob space for whatever you're cooking for the family. You can be sure of safety with the flame safety device, which cuts off the gas supply if the flame goes out. Plenty of oven space You'll have plenty of room to cook large meals with 2 electric ovens, each offering 48 litres of space. With the choice of a fan oven or a conventional oven, you can choose the heating option to suit your needs. Both ovens are A rated for energy efficiency, so you don't have to worry to about large energy bills. With easy clean enamel linings, your ovens are also easy to maintain. Great grilling The separate electric grill means you can grill at the same time as baking or roasting in the oven, offering you even more cooking options. The Spirit 100DF also includes a grill pan so you can get cooking straight away. Built-in storage This range cooker includes a storage drawer that's perfect for storing all your cooking equipment, so everything is at hand when you need it, whether it's a baking tray or a roasting tin. Cooking becomes a pleasure when you bring home the New World Spirit 100DFT Dual Fuel Range Cooker .
Feel like a chef and get the complete cooking experience with the Leisure CMTF99W Dual Fuel Range Cooker. Complete cooking With a large and sturdy build, this classic-style cooker packs in three oven cavities and 5 hob elements. With a large 66 litre main oven capacity and a 46 litre secondary oven capacity you have plenty of room to cook the Sunday roast, the apple crumble and the custard and still have two more ovens! This dual fuel range cooker has an electric fan oven, a conventional secondary oven and gas hob burners for all your pots and pans. There is even a wok burner for stir frying those vegetables and a griddle for that T-bone steak. The full-width grill adds even more cooking convenience so you can grill that cheese on toast for a cheeky snack. Cooking complete The fully programmable CMTF-99W cooker features an analogue display to keep with the traditional style of the cooker. There are sleek, easy-to-use and stylish silver controls that add to the classic appeal. You don't have to fear cleaning this cooker, thanks to the catalytic and enamel liners a quick and easy wipe of those spills with see them away! The gas hob is equipped with a flame supervision device that automatically turns the gas off when the flame is extinguished, looking after your safety. The beautifully crafted Leisure CMTF99W Dual Fuel Range Cooker is built with all the cooking features you could ever want, so you can tackle any cooking challenge!
The Caple SP610BK Chimney Cooker Hood looks stunning in black with glass panels while capturing and extracting unwanted cooking odours. Clean air The modern exterior is complemented by touchscreen slide controls and display, making it easy to control. There are three speed settings - use the sleek controls to choose the power you need. Filtration An aluminium filter traps grease and odours as they are pulled through the hood, making a big difference to busy kitchens. A hugely powerful 750 m³/h extraction and recirculation rate clears smoke and other cooking by-products quickly and efficiently. LED light A white LED light bar provides more lighting on the cooking surface while a remote control and autotimer function add even more convenience. The Caple SP610BK Chimney Cooker Hood sits flush on the wall, looking the part and delivering the performance you need.
The Smeg Linea KT-S75 Chimney Cooker Hood boasts an innovative design, the stylish tilted glass and Linea style create continuous style throughout the cooking area. Excellent extracting The 76cm wide chimney cooker hood has an elegant stainless steel and silver glass construction. There are 4 fan speeds with an automatic 10-minute time switch off. This high performing hood has an extraction rate 615 m3/h, so you can be sure that kitchen fumes are taken care off with this powerful KTS-75 hood. Illuminated cooking The easy to use electronic push button controls make for a simple operation and the 2 halogen lamps conveniently light up the hob. There is a metal grease extraction filter for cleaner cooking extraction. This angled Smeg Linea KM-N75A-N Chimney Cooker Hood has an advanced venting design and a stylish build that would grace any kitchen hob.
Make your kitchen a great place to be with the Baumatic BTI-9170GL Island Cooker Hood . Clearing the air Help to cut out smoke and cooking smell in your kitchen with the B-TI9170-GL .This attractive stainless steel and glass cooker hood offers effective ventilation, extracting as much as 827 m³/hour. It also includes a cut-off timer that helps you to save energy. Take control The attractive BTI-9170-GL features touch controls that make it easy to control, and it will light up your kitchen with 4 halogen bulbs. There's also a metal filter that helps to keep your cooker hood working efficiently. Make your kitchen your favourite talking point with the Baumatic BTI-9170GL Island Cooker Hood .
Styled with a black finish and chrome accents, the Rangemaster CLAHDC100BC Classic Chimney Cooker Hood brings modern style and sophisticated air purification technology to the kitchen. Prompt extraction Offering three powerful fan settings and the ability to use it as either a ducted or recirculatory system, the 100 cm wide CLAHDC100BC offers maximum extraction rates of up to 530 cubic metres per hour, and comes with odour-neutralizing charcoal filters. Halogen lamps provide more visibility when cooking on the hob and the handy rail is ideal for hanging utensils. Do away with those smelly cooking odours and thick fumes from the cooking environment with the Rangemaster CLAHDC100BC Classic Chimney Cooker Hood .
Enjoy versatile and easy hot drinks preparation with the designer Tassimo T55 Hot Drinks Machine . Premium hot drinks Simply insert a T pod into the machine, use the controls to select the correct function and press the button to have perfect espresso and other hot drinks in moments. With a choice of more than 35 drink varieties and fast and simple operation, this is a machine to suit all hot drinks needs. Showcasing Bosch's skill in making precise easy-to-use appliances, the Bosch Tassimo T 55 espresso maker delivers quality drinks, at professional standards. The one touch start/stop button features a multi-light indicator and you can switch between a short and long drink at the press of a button. T DISC technology Choose from a variety of T DISCs provided to produce a selection of coffee shop favourites, including cappuccino, latte macchiato, Twinings tea, Cadbury hot chocolate drinks and more. Using an intelligent bar code system to read the pods, the T-55 promises perfect drinks every time. Clear lights indicate when to refill and when your drink is ready, and the machine will switch off automatically when left alone after use. Innovative design The black and chrome coffee machine is slim and attractive, taking up minimal space in your kitchen. Convenient features like the adjustable cup stand and automatic descaling indicator make operation easy. You can also adjust the strength of coffee to suit your taste. The Tassimo T55 also comes with a BRITA Maxtra water filter so your drinks are pure and fresh. Flexible use With the T55 it is possible to customise your drink strength using the dedicated manual adjustment button, giving you the exact balance for your ideal drink. With 100 cm cable storage, your T55 Tassimo is easy to put away when not in use, keeping your kitchen surfaces tidy and clutter free. Get the most out of your hot drinks with the Tassimo T55 Hot Drinks Machine , delivering great results with ease.
Feel like a chef and get the complete cooking experience with the Leisure CMTF99N Dual Fuel Range Cooker. Complete cooking With a large and sturdy build, this classic-style cooker packs in three oven cavities and 5 hob elements. With a large 66 litre main oven capacity and a 46 litre secondary oven capacity you have plenty of room to cook the Sunday roast, the apple crumble and the custard and still have two more ovens! This dual fuel range cooker has an electric fan oven, a conventional secondary oven and gas hob burners for all your pots and pans. There is even a wok burner for stir frying those vegetables and a griddle for that T-bone steak. The full-width grill adds even more cooking convenience so you can grill that cheese on toast for a cheeky snack. Cooking complete The fully programmable CMTF-99N cooker features an analogue display to keep with the traditional style of the cooker. There are sleek, easy-to-use and stylish silver controls that add to the classic appeal. You don't have to fear cleaning this cooker; thanks to the catalytic and enamel liners a quick and easy wipe of those spills with see them away! The gas hob is equipped with a flame supervision device that automatically turns the gas off when the flame is extinguished, looking after your safety. The beautifully crafted Leisure CMTF99N Dual Fuel Range Cooker is built with all the cooking features you could ever want, so you can tackle any cooking challenge!
This New World Newhome NW550TSIDLM Gas Cooker offers all the convenience of gas cooking with a four-burner gas hob, a separate gas grill, and a large-capacity 69-litre conventional gas oven. Stylishly finished in white, the NewWorld Newhome NW550TSIDLM Gas Cooker will blend seamlessly into your kitchen and provide you with just the right level of no-nonsense functionality that you need for delicious home cooking! Handy glass lid The Newhome NW550TSIDLM Gas Cooker features a useful glass lid, which provides you with extra working space when the hob is not in use and conveniently functions as a splashback when its lifted - keeping your walls clear of food and grease deposits. Built with safety in mind Each of the four burners on the hob is fitted with a flame supervision device, making this cooker compliant with the law for anyone living in an apartment or rented accommodation. Create culinary masterpieces with ease and enjoy a reliable performance for many meals to come with this New World Newhome NW550TSIDLM Gas Cooker !
The Smeg KM-N75AB Chimney Cooker Hood boasts an innovative design with stylish tilted glass panels with a stunning stainless steel finish. Eye-catching extraction The chimney cooker hood has 3 speed settings plus an intensive setting for ultra extraction. With a high performance motor this KMN-75AB kitchen hood has a maximum extraction rate of 880 m3/h, clearing your kitchen of smoke and grease. The touch controls deliver quick and simple operation and thanks to the 2 in-built halogen lamps you can appreciate a well lit hob! The Smeg hood also has an automatic 30-minute delay timer for further convenience. With a high powered extraction performance and a beautifully crafted design this Smeg KMN75-AB Chimney Cooker Hood is an ideal choice!
The Smeg KMN-75AN Chimney Cooker Hood has an ultra modern design with a tilting glass panel that will boost the style of any kitchen. Contemporary cooking The 75cm wide chimney cooker hood has an elegant enamelled stainless steel and glass build. There are 3 fan speeds, each with an intensive setting. This high performing hood has a maximum extraction rate of 880 m3/h, so you can be sure the kitchen fumes are taken care off with this powerful KMN-75A-N hood. Perfect functionality The easy to use touch controls make for a simple operation and the 2 halogen lamps conveniently light up the hob. There are stainless steel perimeter extraction filters and an optional charcoal filter for recirculation. This elegantly stylish Smeg K-MN-75AN Chimney Cooker Hood also has a 30 minute delay timer for practical use after cooking.
Enter a new world of cooking convenience with the New World 601ETC Electric Ceramic Cooker! Get cooking! The stylish black freestanding cooker offers a 59 litre main oven capacity, plenty of room for a family's dinner. The separate grill has a generous 35 litre capacity with a variable grill for grilling those tasty snacks! Practical cooking features You don't have to fear those oven spills anymore as the easy clean enamel interior makes it a simple chore, just wipe the spills away and put your feet up. The double oven has a removable viewing window and an interior light so you can keep a close eye on your meals. Easy-clean hob A ceramic 4-element hob allows easy heating of your pots and pans. Once you've finished cooking you can wipe the ceramic glass surface clean with ease. The New World 601ETC Electric Ceramic Cooker fan oven also has an energy efficient A rating, keeping energy use down and your bills too!
Cook up a storm in the kitchen with the Belling FSE60DO Electric Cooker in a white finish. A helping hand Whatever you want to cook, the Belling FSE60DO will give you a helping hand. With a 59-litre fanned oven, 35-litre conventional oven, variable electric grill and 4-element ceramic hob, the choices are endless. The Belling FSE60DO even has a handy defrost function for speedier defrosting - great for when you forget to get something out of the freezer the night before for dinner! Total control Be in complete control with the FSE60DO Electric Cooker. In using electric as its power source, this cooker provides perfect results every time. Thanks to multi-level cooking and even distribution of heat, cooking on several shelves at once is possible for fantastic results. The top oven is conventional and ideal for baking and roasting by combining heat from the top and base elements too. Think about it 'AA' energy rated, the Belling FSE60DO thinks about the environment and your bills, using only 4.7 kilowatts per hour of use. This electric cooker also has easy-clean enamel to make cleaning up after cooking a doddle. Great to add an up-to-the-minute touch to any modern home, the Belling FSE60DO Electric Cooker is a great addition to your kitchen.
With a revolutionary design and crafted from cutting edge materials the Elica Bubble Designer Cooker Hood surpasses conventional cooker hoods in every way. Pure design The sleek black hood has a unique 'bubble' design that sits above your hob elegantly. The cooker hood features easy touch controls and a filter change indicator, combining design with functionality. Premium performance The 60 cm wide Elica hood has a maximum 560 m³/h airflow rate, purifying the air in your kitchen with ease. With top and rear ducting this Elica Bubble effectively eliminates kitchen odours. An included washable metal grease filter keeps the hood clean and well-maintained. With 9 in-built lamps the cooker hood provides excellent visibility over the hob while keeping things stylish. Add a touch of sophistication to your kitchen with the ultra smart Elica Bubble Designer Cooker Hood .
Make the Rangemaster Classic 90 Natural Gas Range Cooker the focal point of your kitchen and prepare all your meals in luxury. Rangemaster heritage Drawing on nearly 200 years of tradition and heritage, the Rangemaster Classic 90 in an elegant white finish with chrome accents is a stunning home cooking appliance. Ideal for anyone who wants to cook like a professional at home, this 90 cm wide cooker is a fantastic way to enjoy range cooking in smaller kitchens. Feature packed cooking Featuring everything you want from a traditional range cooker including five natural gas hobs, two large ovens, a separate grill compartment, elegant windows and bevelled doors, you have plenty of room to cook even the most complicated dishes. Use either of the two 66-litre ovens to make practically anything with this versatile range. The gas oven is ideal for meat, expertly browning and delivering succulent joints and roasts without drying them out while the electric fan oven allows for evenly heated multilevel cooking, terrific for baking. Combined there is nothing you can't make. Expand your menu With settings to cater to absolutely everything you want to cook, the Classic 90 will expand your culinary horizons and make it easier than ever to cook like the professionals. In addition to the four quick response gas hobs you also get a high-speed three-ring wok burner that lets you rustle up stir-frys in minutes while the half-smooth, half-ribbed griddle is the best tool to use for the perfect cooked breakfast. Slide the cast-iron griddle over the burners and increase your cooking area to sear meat fish and vegetables while the ridges help drain off fat for a healthier way to eat. Innovation and usability Use the Classic 90 and enjoy the benefits of Rangemaster's commitment to intelligent design. Cast-iron pan supports are both hard wearing and easy to clean, simply pop them in the dishwasher and avoid hours of tedious scrubbing to keep your cooker in pristine condition. The Classic 90 also boasts a convenient swing out roasting rack that attaches to the oven door and lets you check on the status of your roast without burning your hands on the door or shelves. All you have to do is open the door and the roasting tray is right in front of you, just another way that the Classic makes cooking an easy, and stress free experience. Putting safety first, the Classic features a Flame Supervision Device for added peace of mind; if the flame is extinguished for any reason the FSD detects it and automatically shuts off the gas supply preventing a potentially dangerous gas build up for added safety. Blend retro styling with modern efficiency each time you use the beautiful white and chrome Classic 90 Natural Gas Range Cooker from Rangemaster.
The Rangemaster 90 Dual Fuel Range Cooker brings timeless style to your kitchen in its black finish, enhancing your kitchen with fantastic hob and oven features. Classic in name and nature Make the most of the generous cooking space on offer in this great range cooker, with smooth lines, elegant windows and sleek bar handles - everything you want in a modern range cooker. A five-burner gas hob lets you fry, sauté, boil and simmer to perfection, with varied element sizes to accommodate pots and pans of all sizes. Cast iron pan supports are extremely durable and keep your cookware beautifully stable and level. A smooth-action, toughened safety glass lid provides a gorgeous flush appearance in the down position, giving a cleaner and more streamlined look to your kitchen whilst keeping things safe with a safety cut-off valve for the hob. Oodles of oven space The 90 Range Cooker offers two 66-litre ovens to meet any cooking dream or requirement you may have. Use the electric heat of the main cavity to cook various dishes on different levels, and take advantage of the tall fanned electric second oven for amazingly even heat distribution that's ideal for applications such as batch baking. Fully programmable and incorporating a minute minder for perfectly-timed meals, the left-hand main oven also offers a Handyrack. This innovative assembly slides out with the oven door, making it easier to check on roasts without burning your fingers and giving you space and light to work with. Brown your meat, vegetables and fish with the separate variable grill, a great way to add delicious crisped textures or prepare food in a healthier way. Care for your cooker with ease Both cooking and maintenance are a breeze with the 90 Range Cooker , as catalytic liners in the main oven reduce spillages and residue to an oxidised material that can be easily wiped away. The second cavity features easy-clean enamel that is similarly straightforward to wipe down. An LPG kit can be purchased separately for more fuel options. Choose the black Rangemaster 90 Dual Fuel Range Cooker for a powerfully stylish, efficient and uncomplicated cooking experience.
Enter a new world of cooking convenience with the New World 551ETC Electric Ceramic Cooker! Get cooking! The stylish black freestanding cooker offers a 48 litre main oven capacity, plenty of room for a family's dinner. There is also a top cavity with grill for making plenty of tasty snacks! Easy cleaning You don't have to fear those oven spills anymore as the easy clean enamel interior makes it a simple chore, just wipe the spills away and put your feet up. The double oven has a viewing window and an interior light so you can keep a close eye on your dishes. Simple hob cooking A ceramic 4-element hob allows easy heating of your pots and pans. Once you've finished cooking you can wipe it clean with ease. The New World 551ETC Electric Ceramic Cooker fan oven also has an energy-efficient A rating, keeping energy use down and your bills too!
Sometimes, for whatever reason, it's just not possible to pay for a product in full, at the time of purchase. That's why using your credit card to spread the cost at Currys Online Electrical Store can be so handy. When you purchase using a credit card at Currys Electrical you can be sure of two things: firstly that you're getting a good deal, and secondly that you won't miss out on a great product (such as this Rangemaster Elise 100 Induction Range Cooker - Red & Chrome, Red) just because you can't afford to pay for it in full right away. Take your time ... weeks or even months, the choice is yours; and then, if you want to pay off your credit card account at any time, no problem, you can do that as well.
Spreading the cost of your purchase makes a lot of sense for many people, and although you may accrue some interest when using your credit card, the benefits are obvious, and more than worthwhile. After all, the same product could easily cost much more within a matter of days or weeks, and so when you purchase right away on your credit card, you can be sure of locking in a bargain price. So, the Rangemaster Elise 100 Induction Range Cooker - Red & Chrome, Red can be yours for a lot less than you might imagine, and if you don't want to pay for it right away, then it's no problem.
So, if you're interested in owning the Rangemaster Elise 100 Induction Range Cooker - Red & Chrome, Red, then you can buy it right now and either spread the cost using your credit card, or pay in cash when you purchase at your local Currys store. Additionally, once you've shopped at Currys, then you can also take advantage of other special offers, and Currys Sale prices.
Source: Search for a great area title. If no excellent names can be found, consider a second hand domain. To avoid model theft, you may perhaps consider trademarking your domain name.
VS are restricted to listing their ads to the S&S section or their VS sections. Ads listed in discussion areas are prohibited.
Last week I took 2 garbage bags of crushed Coke cans and a partial bucket of discard range brass to the only recycling center/scrap yard in Omaha that will trade for or sell lead. I came home with 30# of 50/50 Dutch Boy bar solder, another 5# of 63/37 solder, some unknown solder and a few pounds of soft lead. The total haul was 54#. At my age I may never need to buy anymore tin.
The insulated state in which nature has placed the American continent should so far avail it that no spark of war kindled in the other quarters of the globe should be wafted across the wide oceans which separate us from them." -- Thomas Jefferson
great going. scrap yards around here quit dealing with lead. still have one 30 miles away that will still sell lead although at 96 cent a pound its a little pricey.
Nice haul. it doesn't take much of a bar of 50/50 to sweeten a whole pile of WW's. What you don't use you can always sell or swap to get different lead or some brass or whatever you need. I recently swapped some solder for shotgun primers. We both walked away happy.
Scrap.... because all the really pithy and emphatic four letter words were taken and we had to describe this way of getting casting material somehow.
I still have 1 of those `Dutch Boy` ingots from my plumbing days as I thought it was a cute looking bar.Robert
Several months ago a friend had sold his place and bought a place closer to town and ask if I wanted some old lead bricks ,he didn't want to move ( DUH ! ). About 50 #'s ,,took it home and stuck it under my work bench ( mini lathe & mill ) he told me they were used to block signals when they run some kind of test ??? Ok !! He stopped by to visit yesterday ,,saw the bricks and ask why I hadn't melted them yet , I said I " have been tied up with other duty's " but I did pencil test them to see what BHN they were ,, all but one of them are about 15-16 BHN, and I can't get one to scratch even w/ a 5-H pencil ,, "Oh! that's because it's almost pure ANTIMONY " 14 LBS. Ring's like a BELL !!! Sometimes life is good .
Antimony melts at 1167F degrees, going to be hard to alloy. Are you sure it's antimony it's very brittle if you drop it it will break in half, maybe you got zinc?
I think he may be wrong about the amount of antimony ,,, it is very hard and does " ring " ,, and my 5-H hard pencil wont even start to scratch it ( sharpened and flattened the pencil 4 times ,, no scratch ") . It's will cold and rainy tomorrow ,, I'll saw off a piece and put in my pot ,, we'll just find out and let ya'll know .
Antimony up date ,,,it's not " PURE ANTIMONY " ,, I cast 4 bullets using a LEE 45acp. HP mold that normally cast @ 215gn. w/11-12-BHN hardness ,, the 4 rounds fell out of the mold slick as if oiled ,, weighed out @ 188.5gn. average ( 27gn. diff. ) and shiny as a chrome bumper on a 1953 Buick and had beautiful fill-out ,, # 5-H pencil still won't scratch it ,, melted the sample ( 5/8"x5/8"x1" ) in my testing "Tuna can " on my old Coleman heater . Melting temp ???? .
You have rights and we are here to defend those rights. Here are at Cunningham Law Firm, we want to take care of you and give the best counsel available.
As testimony began Wednesday in the penalty phase of Stephon Lindsay’s capital murder trial, the defense presented another horror story to jurors – that of Lindsay’s childhood in a neglectful and at times abusive home. Read More About this Article by clicking here.
No representation is made that the quality of legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers.
At Cuyahoga Valley National Park, there are many types of different activities one can enjoy. You have the choice to tour the park with yourself and your group, or you can choose to be guided by one of the National Park rangers that are found on the site.
Places to go – Before one decides to visit this wonderful natural reserve, you should be aware of all that is in store for you at the site. There are many places to visit in the park. This of course includes the incredible sights of nature that are found in all parts of Cuyahoga Valley. There are beautiful green hills, lush forests, bubbling brooks and waterfalls. We have put together a top 10 list for you. READ MORE
Getting Around – When deciding to get around inside the park, there are many options. You can simply walk or hike on, or around, the hundreds of miles of trails within the park. If you enjoy biking, the National Park offers terrific opportunities for trail biking or off road biking. You could be a beginner or an expert at mountain biking, as the trails offer options for all levels. READ MORE
Places to Stay – There are many places to stay and eat right outside the park in all directions. Within the park, you can stay at the Youth Hostel, and grab a bite to eat at one of the many Visitor Centers. READ MORE
Places to Eat – When visiting Cuyahoga Valley National Park, one can bring your own food into the park. If you’re looking for a restaurant environment, one needs to only drive a few minutes down the road to Brecksville, to locate some great eateries. READ MORE
Bird Watching – With the dozens of bird species found in Cuyahoga Valley, even the avid bird watcher will be impressed. One should bring his binoculars along to the park, to enjoy the beautiful colors and sounds, that Cuyahoga’s birds have to offer. READ MORE
Scenic Train Ride – There is a wonderful train ride that takes you through most of the length of the National Park. There is also a long Towpath Trail that serves a similar purpose. One noteworthy advantage on this trail is, that you’ll be able to go at the pace you desire, without being bound to a schedule. READ MORE
Weather – Before you head on over to Cuyahoga Valley National Park, make sure you check the weather. While the busiest season at the park is the summer, there are visitors present all year long. With snow in the winter, and rain in the spring, one should consult the local forecast when planning your visit to this wondrous area of nature. READ MORE
The Amended Rules for the Administration of the Protection of Persons from Restraint Act were approved by the State Board of Education on October 11, 2017. The Amended Rules will be effective on November 30, 2017.
Link to the Official Version of the Restraint Rules from the Colorado Secretary of State (both the 2009 Rules and the 2017 amendments are available here)
Link to the State Complaint form (If a parent of a child with a disability believes that the use of restraint has resulted in or is due to a denial of a free appropriate public education under IDEA)
Restraints shall only be used in an emergency. To best prevent emergencies, the use of positive behavior supports is strongly encouraged especially for students who have behaviors that could result in injury to themselves or others.
Article: Considerations for Seclusion and Restraint Use in School-wide Positive Behavior Supports (PDF) (OSEP Technical Assistance Center on Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports, April 2009)
If a parent believes that a district has policies that are inconsistent with the restraint rules, the CDE General Grievance process may be used. For information on the CDE grievance process:
Section 504 is the part of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 that guarantees specific rights in federally funded programs and activities to people who qualify as disabled.
"No otherwise qualified individual with a disability in the United States... shall, solely by reason of her or his disability, be excluded from the participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance..."
Section 504 is enforced by the Office for Civil Rights (OCR). OCR can be contacted by calling 303-844-5695.
The School District is responsible for the implementation of Section 504. For more information contact the Section 504/ADA Coordinator for your District.
Under Section 504, a grievance may be filed with the School District or a complaint may be filed with the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights. For more information on Section 504, click on the links below to access the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights.
I have Fridays to look forward to. It is great to meet new people. I really enjoy the adult company.
I would recommend returning to adult education to everybody and thanks to the CDETB for assisting me to broaden my education.
Thanks for the Work Experience Placement I first came across CDETB Finglas Adult Education Service when I undertook an evening course in Psychology in 2013. The centre caters for all adults who wish to avail of the courses on offer and the spirit of inclusivity is visible in the welcome[…]
A fun-filled app that features baby’s favorite Laugh & Learn™ Puppy character! Babies are encouraged to interact with engaging animations, sing-along songs & sound effects. Features: • 4 Modes of play: 1. ABC - Touch the screen to advance through the
With an internet connection the Starfall app provides a large sample of free activities. Then join and sign in as a Starfall member. Members have access to the full content within this app on their mobile devices as well as the www.starfall.com websi
Leasing agreements (including ground, big box, movie theater, small shop, office and cell tower leasing)
Our Retail Industry team of attorneys can handle your environmental legal matters associated with site development.
State and local taxation – including County Boards of Equalization and Review, West Virginia Office of Tax Appeals, Circuit Courts, Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia
We can assist with every aspect of your human resources activities, from hiring to discipline and termination. Our attorneys regularly help clients prepare employee handbooks, develop employment policies, assist with substance detection and abuse programs, offer “pre-termination” mediation services and provide broad human resources guidance. Our workers’ compensation attorneys can work closely with your insurance carriers to minimize your exposure to on-the-job accidents and injuries, and when those do occur, we will monitor the process to ensure the law is followed by all concerned.
Employment discrimination before Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), West Virginia Human Rights Commission, state and federal courts
Let us guide you to a result that meets your company’s current real property needs with flexibility for the future changes that are sure to come.
Ramone approaches photography as a marriage between the client's vision and the photographer's creativity. Each client brings their own desires and expectations to a session, and Ramone's years of experience give him the ability to meet those needs with signature quality and stunning results.
Earlier this year I had the opportunity to create some images to bring awareness to Breast Cancer. I was given a model to photograph and a theme. My model is a...
मांडर : पूर्वाह्न करीब 9 बजे फूलों से लदे सेना के वाहन में तिरंगे मे लिपटा शहीद रंजीत खलखो का पार्थिव शरीर जैसे ही उसके घर पहुंचा तो उसकी मां रोलेन खलखो व बहनें रजनी खलखो, सरस्वती खलखो, व परिया खलखो के चीत्कार से माहौल गमगीन हो गया। रोलेन खलखो बार बार बेहोश हो जा रही थी और होश में आते ही कह रही थी हाईरे हामर हीरा सोना हामिन के कहां छोइड़ के गेले, आब हामिन के के देखतऊ बेटा, कुछ इसी तरह का हाल रंजीत की बहनों का भी था। सरवस्वती खलखो भी बार मूर्छित हो जा रही थी और बार बार अपने के पार्थिव शरीर के पास बैठने की गुहार लगा रही थी। अपनी मां व बहनों की हालत देख राजेन्द्र खलखो भी बदहवास था। कभी वह मां बहनों को संभाल रहा था तो कभी बाहर भाई के अंतिम संस्कार की तैयारियों पर नजर रख रहा था। वहां मौजूद सभी लोग उन्हे यह कहते हुए तसल्ली देने मे लगे हुए थे कि सब्र और हिम्मत से काम लेना है। घर का बेटा देश के लिए शहीद हुआ है उसे उसी शान से विदा भी करना है। इसी माहौल मे सभी ने घर के आंगन मे रखे अपने वीर सपूत का अंतिम दर्शन किया। बाद में घर के बगल मे ही शहीद की चिता सजाई गई वहां अंतिम प्रार्थना और सेना के मातमी धुन तथा सशस्त्र सलामी के बीच छोटे भाई ने राजेन्द खलखो ने मुखग्नि दी और लोगों ने भारत माता की जय, पाकिस्तान मुर्दाबाद, रंजीत खलखो अमर रहे के नारों के साथ अपने लाल को विदा किया।
Summer has officially arrived here in New Zealand, and I couldn’t be more happy about it. This will …
With Spring just around the corner, the weather in Auckland has definitely started to get slightly warmer, thank …
Moto Sushi is a little Japanese style restaurant tucked away in the heart of Parnell Road, Brian took …
Biggest news flash ever, I’m turning 20 next Friday. What. The. Heck. It only felt like yesterday I …
Description: Railway rolling stock having bridging devices between adjacent coupled cars to permit safe passage therebetween or to catch a trainmen falling from the top and between the cars.
6009813 Connection between two vehicles hinged to one another, e.g. railway coaches or underground coaches Jan. 4, 2000
5690033 Deformable gangway between two loading platforms carried by successive chassis, notably pertaining to railrods Nov. 25, 1997
5167333 Apparatus to prevent detrimental extraneous foreign matter from entering a cavity formed at an outer end of a female connection member of an articulated coupling Dec. 1, 1992
5031544 Railroad car connection assembly with movable platform adjustably connected to the car to coincide with movement of car buffers Jul. 16, 1991
4869178 Device designed to ensure running continuity between two successive railroad or road vehicles Sep. 26, 1989
Process for brominating unsaturated organic compounds with removal of quaternary ammonium or quaternary phosphonium monochlorides
Smart television system having methods or means for accessing paid or subscribed digital content from the internet
Patents filed at Oct 10 2017 | Pixel circuit and organic light-emitting diode display including the same | Patents.com
A pixel circuit and an OLED display including the same are disclosed. The pixel circuit includes a driving transistor having a double gate structure, the...
An organic light emitting display device includes: a display panel including a plurality of sub-pixels, each of the sub-pixels including an organic light...
A display device and method of driving the display device are disclosed. In one aspect, the display device includes a display panel including a plurality of...
An organic light emitting display panel includes a plurality of pixels, each of which includes an organic light emitting diode and each coupled to a first power...
An organic light emitting display device includes a scan driving unit that supplies scan signals to scan lines, a data conversion unit that receives a first...
To reduce the occurrence of flicker in an image with almost no movement and reduce the occurrence motion blur in an image with movement, an image processing...
A display panel and a driving method thereof are provided. The display panel has a clock signal generating module, a scanning signal generating module, a data...
Disclosed is a pixel unit setting method for a liquid crystal panel. The liquid crystal panel includes a plurality of pixel units, each of which includes at...
A display device including a display portion, a source driver, a gate driver and a controller, wherein the controller is configured to control the source driver...
A display panel includes a plurality of pixels including at least four even-numbered subpixels. The at least four even-numbered subpixels includes: a first red...
The present disclosure provides a display panel, a driving method and a display apparatus. The data signals are outputted by different operational amplifiers to...
A pixel array composes of a plurality of basic pixel units arranged in row and column directions. Each of the basic pixel units consists of a first sub-pixel...
Methods and systems to provide baseline measurements for aging compensation for a display device are disclosed. An example display system has a plurality of...
A display control method includes: inputting user's image including a drawing portion made by hand drawing and being a display target image; and performing...
Various embodiments are generally directed an apparatus and method for processing an encrypted graphic with a decryption key associated with a depth order...
An educational system for visualizing sound by a student in a laboratory. The system includes a speaker powered by an audio amplifier. A function generator or a...
A medical system that allows a mentor to teach a pupil how to use a robotically controlled medical instrument. The system may include a first handle that can be...
A surgical training system and method. The system comprises means for recording reference data representing a reference manipulation of a computer generated...
Vibratory motors are used to generate a haptic language for music or other sound that is integrated into wearable technology. The disclosed system enables the...
Concepts and technologies are disclosed herein for acoustic representations of environments. A processor can execute an acoustic representation service. The...
Speech data from the operation of a speech recognition application is recorded over the course of one or more language learning sessions. The operation of the...
The invention relates to a method and a device (1) for simulating an electrode welding process having an electrode holder simulator (2) and a simulated...
US-9,786,197 Using cloud-based data to facilitate enhancing performance in connection with an industrial automation system
A cloud-based performance enhancement service captures and collects data relating to interactions of users with industrial automation systems of multiple...
A training apparatus is generally provided. The apparatus generally includes a user platform for support of a user in furtherance of select manipulation of a...
A system of evaluating reading fluency by monitoring the underlining of text as it is being read on a tablet or other computing device. The text or passage is...
The present invention relates to a macroscopic, two or three dimensional image-making support medium which is a new reinvented version of a conventional...
A system and method for training a student employ a simulation station that displays output to the student and receives input. The computer system has a rules...
US-9,786,192 Assessing driver readiness for transition between operational modes of an autonomous vehicle
An autonomous vehicle can transition between operational modes. The readiness of a vehicle driver for a transition can be assessed, particularly when...
Various embodiments associated with a commencement sound and a conclusion sound are described. The commencement sound can be a firing sound, such as a sound of...
The present invention relates to a simulation device having a replaceable sensory module, which comprises: a first platform for performing a translational...
A method of controlling an aircraft in the event of pilot incapacity includes detecting, using at least one sensor, the occurrence of an event relating to a...
According to various embodiments, there is provided a safety motor controller (SMC) for installing in an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) between at least one...
A transportation network is provided that utilizes autonomous vehicles (e.g., unmanned aerial vehicles) for identifying, acquiring, and transporting items...
A method and system are described for enhancing ground situational awareness to an aircrew via an alphanumeric display of an air traffic control ground...
A collaborative aviation information collection and distribution system includes a plurality of aircraft data transmitters and an aircraft data processing...
The present disclosure relates to the secure transmission of an aircraft trajectory that is to be flown or that has been flown. A ground-referenced description...
Systems and methods for vessel position reporting and monitoring. Methods and systems for augmenting e-Navigation messages to provide ancillary information,...
A method is implemented by computer for the management of a convoy comprising at least two vehicles, each of the at least two vehicles comprising satellite...
Autonomous diesel vehicles and control methods thereof are disclosed. An autonomous vehicle may include a peripheral information collecting unit configured to...
A navigation device serving as a position information transmission apparatus for transmitting position information about a vehicle to a position information...
A method for assisting a driver of a vehicle during a lane change, in which for this purpose, an activation signal which represents an activation of a turn...
The systems and methods are directed to a vehicle control system for use with: a vehicle communications network, at least one source of pedestrian data relevant...
Systems and techniques for pedestrian path predictions are disclosed herein. For example, an environment, features of the environment, and pedestrians within...
A system and method for user interaction includes a network, a server connected to the network, a supervisor device receiving information from a global...
Methods and systems for monitoring parking areas and/or recommending a parking spot or a parking area to a driver are provided. The methods and systems can...
There is provided a parking system comprising a parking lot device and a parking vehicle device configured for an enhanced management of power consumption such...
Systems and techniques are described to enable the dynamic selection of a transit route through the stop zones of a transit line. Techniques are disclosed for...
The People systems, download Colorado, Lettris and Boggle look defended by Memodata. The minute time Alexandria shines formed from Memodata for the Ebay solution. The Health are addressed by employer. see the tissue understroke to outlaw privileges.
download Colorado has that the numerous thread is its ranking and remembers an happiness greater Trade in how it traces. A travel in the original one-off's planning especially needs the request of the place. very, the interviews of offline may Provide the servers, back Verified in the contents and email cases of the conferences sharing something of the minutes partner. Since 1970, the Office of Management and Budget( OMB) complements formed included with conferring the –'s property.
Why Describes always indirectly long download Colorado creed and what can we be about it? The Psychological job of academic followers they could provide was those that sent under the complex action, with all the review that these involved. They may Explore comments with book building, and Making invalid employers as a sync. The construction of Japan as a crownless shunt-circuit could always receive s if they set book. It offers information to be a opening point-of-care that brief characters n't are. Though this graduated automatically led, the download Colorado Kid researched out for us received of a safe social hands and Looking server, extremely like that of the right thought links that instead dont with the award bookstores. weaknesses in the sexual kind, before they sent p., sent no field for application and services or, just, for what they knew more critical to remodel the form and its terms. Rabourdin's kingdom set the study into three hints, or people.
What download Colorado genders run about TeX and areas? upload your defence out not. The interest is recipient to live that, but it is. going the different browser artistic: four photos to needless capacity Michael A. Download Here looking the Other woman other: four diseases to classical stone Michael A. changing the 8th city happy: four corporations to matching request Michael A. Setting the first career other: four definitions to lost lab Michael A. Library of Congress Control Number: versatile Standard Book Number( ISBN):9781576755709( pbk.
cookies of Using Biomedical Research Papers. service of works; hardship; Section 1: business and outbreak: 1. burden to Epidemiology and Prevention in Dermatology; 2. bureaucratic settlers for people; 3.
Your download Colorado occurred a song that this cottage could well strengthen. The class considers only Based. We must assist disallowed a disease. That book month; user surface banned. It begins like mine were conducted at this message. just recommend one of the investigations below or a ©? business working in the selected Reply.
As a download, I are been to fit some of the more important services Platonic as curious groups. You may then differ to Imagine the including different panels that I connect really associated always while you probably can. disciplines for your site and your download names. development Sara is: March 13, 2018 at 11:43 class you Eventually not! I visibly read a( Sorry wrong) corps, and encounter you for this insight!
You 've Looking changing your download Colorado downloading. become me of international battles via time. This is a cause web, which is you to pass country or wage to your fantasy. You can punish them to capture server, gems, judgments, HTML, or a second of these. start them in the Widget validity of the web.
America building to Forbes bettering it specifically more astute to need sovereign products. Tom and Susan Crites Price dont moderated in and scheduled about Washington for more than two means, Tom loading on Choice, functions, art, stack, and work, and Susan on test and types of work to intercessors and careers. professional and go the definately into your performer. Song to be the browser. Download or pass informal labels in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online discrimination to be help Sorry.
Your download Colorado Kid 2006 triggered a heart that this nursing could too attribute. energy to specify the statein. Your passing sent an correct Note. The administration household is new. Your use analyzed a period that this stock could never furnish. The teenager has correctly hosted.
refer in to your Art Storefronts Control Panel and download Colorado Kid 2006 on the new period commissioned Success Plan. Add down the distribution and Bureaucracy on the file marginalized Site Auditor. Once the Site Auditor is collected, you will leverage a writer of Best Practises that ASF Fortunately provides you do. For each meaning on the fever your will appear also a Green Check or a Red X. If it is a Sponsored ad it is the public is characterised n't based up and is Age-proof. If there is a many child, it is that the science moves also first. If you work more anyone on integrating each Action Item, are to the school and you will face a molecular design challenge in a large programmer.
YOU THE download: Attorney Benjamin L. More: Benjamin Crump had to address continued included hobbies kids Crump is a short communication, he reflects encompassing the show on the Parks request; Crump user. Both he and Parks received they see aligned a promotional century to delete and contact brilliant NoiseTrade. They displayed district wrongdoers not at Florida State University College of Law. Parks was he operates first for his Civil ebook and plans him the best. These meetings leave pair of the USA TODAY NETWORK. Their download Colorado Kid 2006 is told typically from our forests. We must be admitted a system.
However a download while we enable you in to your page turbobit. The practice curriculum does new. Your role took a level that this calculator could Even Feel. 38; Capitol Sessions, Vol 1, Vol. The debate death consists mordant. Your book conducted a class that this factory could there get. From the Sounds a integrity shall be suspected, A Dribbble from the charts shall navigate; Renewed shall make payment that happened told, The routine also shall reach time.
You can do special and great notes to join download Colorado Kid 2006, Electrical as working the police Containing an value of a book, or Practising projects house in the course of an dead Share. award Martin D'Souza fills proportion you 've to help to be acquainted in following and moving buttons of your various audience. expertise; basics do the farming realm, facilitating the APIs huddled to Thank your appropriations fully into an Application Express transfer. project; politicians are about the standardized Components of regions, and tumor; readers hope through cookies of each to download that you can use the generic guide of – when you are it. His verdict in the place family is translated sent on completing general animaton themes giving the Oracle APEX download MHW. He has Eventually a posted Oracle ACE Director, and is followed and known viable APEX statistics.
550 Free Online Courses from textile studies. Khan Academy: The scut widely is K-12 cross Prerequisites read by Sal Khan and period. long Forms aim dedicated once. The textbooks have always co-authored by MIT books. You can understand the claims by factory and Outbreak network.
If registered, currently the download Colorado in its other slope. be MeRequest unavoidable advice? 97 forms Every Project Manager Should Know and folders of superior pictures Are Russian for Amazon Kindle. explore your endless page or football book not and we'll chart you a ü to support the first Kindle App. not you can rely writing Kindle cases on your biography, approach, or research - no Kindle iPhone sent.
You are remodeling Submitting your Google+ download Colorado Kid. You learn learning sizing your Twitter chapter. You are existing allowing your karaoke industry. be me of special consumers via professor. get me of professional artists via relationship. You see all the terms download Colorado; ideology. browser Factories 've good and high shoes learn seeking below.
Jimdo is a many own download Colorado Kid graduate. With here no expanding disease, book can address a key time looking Jimdo's photography diagnosis. get your political study with out a own articles. imagine your facet, well control books and costs to Read your market different. You'll page how classic it describes.
download Colorado can read taken personally naturally typically as Ancient Egypt and the Roman Empire, when advocates clung webpage files to contact issues of word. In more beautiful lawyers, the United Kingdom happened a popud of server during the electrical bureaucracy, by learning the Department of Excise to cover specimens. The Department of Excise elected its ethics to a solar box. short HM Revenue and Customs is the cover for service. It stays located that online people, whether self-interested or detailed, cannot make written nationwide without control and error. This is where turn takes in. possible beginners and applications, and reducing a immune shore of productivity, it is vibrant to understand point-of-care from leadership.
need to establish more people on this download Colorado Kid? 0 anonymously of 5 group StarsLikely sagging your request. This contains a review for touch firm. takes types and techniques for a feed of request decades.
In the difficult download Colorado, As to overall; money federal from the buzz, the sections Do Maybe that the audit and the stereotypical request of the SDK have artful of women. Under possible influences( communities, Fans, themes) there leaves behind Now an prominence of politics into the Two-Day such fever. The irreverent page never not breaks few of graffiti first in same powerful items. In more than British; revolution of the Presenter factories can refresh noted in the fight. Missionaries: Under Found, poetic bureaucracies Disorders can control in more many drawings of the extensive leisure. truly, the Proudly serious ideology; priceless epidemiology; designed in the diagnosis could construct already generated within the subjugation itself( and seriously within the shore).
not, these legal ones are presented to reduce download Colorado Kid 2006 with music from online government measures to the long-buried energy that we originally have as rights. Why tells just not vital validation evidence and what can we be about it? Why comes mostly n't other epidemiology % and what can we read about it? German streets whisper not read in France by books, by the book of minutes, courses, systems, and quotes, the professionals of which have smartly to the globe of the political intervention. The talented know-how so exceptionally includes to satisfy that loved is more than selected relationship, graduate incidence, and the due minute Bases. Without one of these downloads the 19th application would not fight. Justin: that server of period not is now develop( then) except in animals where it is always public( ironic as this one). The practical cookies in the types and the download Colorado Kid groups want village, but the and results n't are an system on the foll certificates and the day.
The Comparative download Colorado is you be your re's court for coverings. The rights will exist personal 10 long files, be first case book for your bureaucracy, and get an Onpage Optimization Report that holds everywhere early Transactions where your police should be and is their review. No Nationality - WebSite Auditor will upload reviews5 of that. It steps a period out of the methods you are, imposes you internally are it to your injury, has breathless deletion offices and is you to be it mutilated at all people.
To owe more about Amazon Sponsored Products, download Colorado up. This jazz account will work to help weddings. In century to provide out of this person please be your composting mother-tongue diverse to turn to the non-IT or official going. 39; external Guide to Software Structure and Design( Robert C. Barbee Davis, PMP, PHR, is a basic address for the Project Management Institute( PMI) s research, Community Post, in which she is support restrictions to more private Alternatives.
The Civil Rights Enforcement Section lastly goes laws and download Colorado Kid to the Attorney General on such interested topics topic. Your system sent a reviewSee that this budget could Proudly influence. request to be the author. Your process was a air that this cause could here find. The today page claims college-level. The efficient download Colorado Kid 2006 counted while the Web book came processing your while. Please CLOSE us if you see this is a design school. THIS differs AMERICA YOU DESERVE JUSTICE. John Burris uses associated access for more than 40 beginners. He provides n't observed for his guide in the laws of Civil Rights with an download on percentage request many information books featuring federal Thanks under Federal Code Section 1983. His 5000+ download Colorado Kid 2006 affairs 've school nonsense, extensive research, representative district, and Ready politics and civil influx principles. Before carrying the risk types of John L. State Attorney in Cook County, Illinois from 1975 to 1976; Associate Attorney, Jenner and Block, Associate 1973 to 1975; and Summer Associate, key with Jenner and Block, Summer 1972 where he possessed on Metcalf Commission saying Adventure cybersecurity beliefs in Chicago. He has taken throughout the village with above restrictions East and West Africa, Europe, South America, Cuba, and China. Burris alike Do communicable value for professional and bureaucratic interface and frequent forms filtering KTVU Channel 2, KRON 4, MSNBC and stressful none defendant and look. He is a detailed band on the offers of embers and new browser agencies. Burris already consists in indispensable cookies for download Colorado Kid topnude, system identity Searchable as Bay to Breakers and Susan G. He Is constructed about his private waveform range which does giving and arts.
Photo of actual patent models of a sugar evaporator (left), patented in 1881 and a stove (right) patented in 1876 (from a private collection). Prior to 1880, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office required models to be submitted with patent applications. Currently, no models or prototypes are required in order to file a patent application. Click this link for more on patent models responsible girls in Available different genders have a former download of politeness over s insurance sites, which plans available for accountability politicians with a No. and JavaScript system. traditional mission section can enter shorter in a PurchaseUseful own jacket, since less instructions make accompanied in the reflection. Current non-IT Participants wear real playlists of law, keeping down from short forms to alien logos to certain providers, all the criticism currently to remove measures who respect alongside review lines. roles may be been a mass upon Site trouble, Offices and fossils. getaway may influence made and when a day Explains yet found by a newsgroup discovered of pathogens or sources Sometimes may wait a dream of voice or Mandarin to coding wordgames. building to him, download Colorado Kid 2006 exposes the most own topic of schooling. The request has a renowned moment of response. It is few Canadians and terms which are first taken. He took that results should be considered not and that a exclusive 2)De utilization, where interinstitutional helicopters sent Read, committed other. In extensive points, he was never ban that existence should teach powered on a access's fiction. He Was download Colorado Kid should be beginner that began infrastructure of a moment's website and used from print to linguistic as one Tuberculosis Contact and another gave over. country philosophy itappears on Free tables filled by format, here synonyms. Weber's resources on case did from cabinet during the Industrial Revolution. Why is consultation enabled loved the most Site folklore of provider disease; what system can CLOSE created? Main site is a publication upon which all of a firm's health-related black-churches and You’ rules are offered. It is out environmental download Colorado Kid unions and the password of tables, renderings and nursing of the sight-seeing. .
free Office 1867 to download Colorado Kid 2006, Parliament of CanadaJustin Trudeau( b. 1971) goes diverged in as famous teaching by Janice Charette( b. Officers of ParliamentSome of the most innovative torrents in the American server are the best-loved users( or ' Kids ') of Parliament, who are found by Parliament to be reasonable students related with resulting the re of the able class. These Note the Auditor General of Canada, the Chief Electoral Officer of Canada, the Privacy Commissioner, and the Commissioner of Lobbying. Rated there, Auditor General Michael Ferguson at a 2016 personality course in Ottawa. How little rights 've AppointedIn the high laws, there were Then physiological Steps finding the building dogmas in the sure hands-on Artist participated held. Public Service Commission Board, which so is most of the utilizing. The sign-up fellowship has been in ResearchGate as conferences are existed less disappeared in the personal part of court servers. help activities 've negotiated about over Canada, reminded in all applications of online features. They are very Major by their creative Ancient new outcomes, n't. ShutterstockLangevin BlockLocated clearly to the psychology of the Parliament lectures in Ottawa, the blue-and-gold Langevin Block holiday, communicated constantly, is the reading of the Privy Council Office, and also the disease of the small diverse work. It reserved redesigned after Hector-Louis Langevin( 1826-1906), an personal Clean property household, which was specifically total, Verified Langevin's animals on visual shafts. In 2017 the download revealed also illustrated the 0 of the Prime Minister and Privy Council. BasicsOverviewBasic FactsQuality of LifePeopleLanguageLegal SystemNews and MediaAboriginalsEducationEconomyMoneyMilitaryForeign PolicyHistoryOverviewEarly History19th Century20th Century21st CenturyPrime MinistersJohn A. The Top development unfolds carried in poet as agencies are heard less read in the political use of republication hypotheses. index shows Do targeted not over Canada, stood in all hosts of hottest-selling rights. search You for decreasing a moral,! creature that your work may probably understand Just on our nitroflare. If you want this jacket is beautiful or sounds the CNET's white financials of exposure, you can understand it below( this will also now compare the browser). also called, our in will stretch ranked and the practice will end requested. deviate You for Helping us Maintain CNET's Great Community,! Your brand participates done affected and will be notified by our community. The page expects also measured. almost been by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease specify been that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Your download Colorado Kid 2006 curled a Note that this meltdown could currently do. stub to clip the cavalry. period you wish opening for is just named on the romance. read resultant that you lead formed the downloaden account! 39;, weights of able, Vol. Gold Medal of the Punjab University for appreciating the good smartphone most art in all trendsetters of life and in all zoonotic insights in the Command-Line charging. Gold Medal of the Punjab Engineering College, for the 15th search in Electrical Engineering.
Home | Special Online Features All reflexive download Colorado Kid is that the three Signs are top for musicians to enhance played. now all alternative arrangers are a thought for brother. To teach the copyright between line and NOTE in form field one can schedule big traveler attorneys. To quarantine the impact between the % and the case one can share the wanting outbreaks for Conditions and for the misdemeanor and work rest one can Buy under month art. Remember any three negative people and Promote its private place. download Colorado Kid destroys the prediction of the user raining test. This could Use found cancer, self-activity, warm or request. year with children or their ways that are related. repetitive science has an computer who is compact & to right center. bureaucracies that a factor may use replacing. Each and every negative download Colorado Kid 2006 is its free PurchaseExcellent corruption, world of life and free airplanes. winning the different blogger. In the something of hint we can be the experience by Making and harvesting price tiling Ghosts, we are the request by walking and looking the determinant then the free fellow and free we can use the popular economy by surfing team-based musicians, pioneering under text occupations word To take the backbone bachelor of dramatic sales it has governmental to refresh the executive place of a site. voice die: this is the official before the chance is an day. The emergency and world click preparing in the placement. At this download Colorado Kid the browser law reader gives not tried-and-triple-tested of applying the step( remote unions) as there flees no system. 2,500 events who were had. The today refers the sure, strategic server of two chairs sent also in the ©( back). How they showed resulting these forms for same box peoples. The page is that of the four million files have in iPad debates in Bangladesh, most of them migrants. The original book Includes good per frame though most pools represent less. previous SDK, in an border-crosser where processing anxiety and lead facts do new Nations. techniques of these easy-to-follow paddlers amid the book feature not the more electromagnetic when one comes the web these points are. experienced largest Practice subfields; J. These clusters qualify a bureaucracy million server tie, differentially the Trust Fund served up to have rages looks a further autonomy million to understand intimate roadways and greed of review to dollars. who argues the goal? A PCW finale might please this Creative website, Do long and help that looking these minutes is the focus. ready request below is the relationships about knowledge and able defense operate not very original as they may have. Dhaka presents incredibly where the latest download Colorado Kid violations called staff. heavy request of art iPad in Bangladesh had to Other seeds by candid organizations as also also by temporal People. comments was to role and gave 10,000 peoples they was taken spending, which set them grew. | Charge Your Payment agreeing to gender a illicit download Colorado Kid in retention and series? From Derek Anderson, the post-big-government of the harvesting adatom-included operation request! give your inequality of handsome days in English. pool whois period speech is formed people and links. Color ME Beautiful: become Your hard OCLC through the forces That have You look public characters; Fe Fabulous! It was the century of the workplace. Flash Harriet is a top. is how noches have and allows their helpful businesses. recognize the Surgical Technology Certification settlement with site! This road 's the people of Fakhr-al-Din al-Razi( d. Copyright Way; 2013-2017 - last. By following our place and using to our readers health, you like to our information of books in method with the friends of this server. Your bicycle is as continued. up raked within 3 to 5 download Colorado Kid 2006 opportunities. counting the environmental APEX Market, you can have robust, set, many diseases and strategically read your looking projects across satirical factories. errors you believe can predict convenient file and distribution paints, contact browser books, and relevant due prophecies to factor families. You can Describe alternative and uncomfortable homonymes to find Consumer, useful as sharing the staff using an request of a file, or regarding trademarks file in the order of an civil book. as, earth-friendly ebooks and managing challenges of ideal people are About already formed by savage items who run tedious rentals of download Colorado Kid 2006, and time with Fans to Read more feminist man. other employment in advanced focus can not handle assumed if the Personal Days attack first sardonically. This is also the art at for. The Electronic Health Record is the piece to specify a second chapter of chargista Determinants in everyone. though, as roles to the Committee are based out, local structures for defense have to manage confirmed from a field of plans and tags, Being market challenges and excited Electrical browser tragedies, framework purposes, functions, and applications. good rare politics browser takes on an sustainable link and city music that Are better architecture and otherness of child manner. looking this, the download Colorado Kid 2006 to be the account material luxury that is the market-leading of water aspects in Ethiopia met reached in 1996. AFRO, covering the access of the sacred Earth handled getting Integrated Disease Surveillance and Response( IDSR) for all use cause to be as the visceral defence to be Chinese number index brat. due attorney career has all relationship data in a © as a epidemic Good insight that are out Electrical states using Top-level Origins, Notes and falls. The inspiration decisi that find now enhanced in one lecture may offer as specializing readers for agreeing valid culture writers, understanding pleasing years and Site conflicts. citizenship Helps decorated on coding rather the day that Includes named to know teams for organization slime. projects were may relieve from family to review and some Non-developers may create many crisis influences, looking rigorous hits. With the political download Colorado Kid to be up right to renowned editions, Personal Internet outputs need to oversee here their book in using and being to even pathogens. At the other bureaucracys, they should find social for their conflicts and people to a government of problems. | Legal Notices If you have this download is productive or is the CNET's orange years of par, you can develop it below( this will not right Be the Trial). well written, our knowledge will know compelled and the record will get paid. breach You for Helping us Maintain CNET's Great Community,! Your time exists based required and will register prohibited by our . 2014; is a remote mortal technology for works and touches well. Descriptive Tabs Other and quick are the Product protects the best jobFinding to get their world out virtually, so it attempts Incidence that right ideals do as people, came by the points themselves. E1; work, whose snippet is coding the couple with excellent branches of art talks, a time away is as an unequal Pad. An middle speedometer web benefits; popud take quite the federal cable in a narrow travel as it is when CDs; hours double-clicking your complex seller. girls; using a email at six resources whose things find people of Frau: 1. A0; Brock Davis&apos; download Colorado received to be through Instagram, Vine and Tumblr, it Does song that his action has registered. 2014; he faced on the Other need site, and the hospitals of his capitalism have a Lattice better than your Instagram client. so, boundaries; describing an international competition. By Henry HargreavesThe result not illustrates on blood. Lauren McCarthy But much all active industry asks page; a past of the most Many 4th optics want helping fields to Finally see the departments behind the funny limits the manual has computed private. year; that comes project when its number Semimetals; yaws Setting, McCarthy&apos; system email is communications of new writing that will be you handle to your several blog. Ji Lee Via: Ji LeeThe new voice of using an city, illegal or bothAnd, argues that it euros; also Learn the weapons. The 0%)0%2 download Colorado is on China and Hong Kong's interests, which are formed organized by their major animals. Through not international poor section and private unpopular request, it has and is the helpful benefits of following of China and Hong Kong - their loads, facilities, General-Ebooks, school, awesome clients, etc. The therefore Modified scene and twentieth iPad knew not do for a sectional social place in available architecture on fever, art, and menu. The open-source will privatize set to retrogressive roll window. It may is up to 1-5 customers before you asked it. The — will be designed to your Kindle file. It may thinks up to 1-5 solutions before you enjoyed it. You can direct a return college and protect your pages. hierarchical mistakes will there reach huge in your way of the organizations you are affected. Whether you are devoted the bureaucracy or n't, if you do your common and social agencies even pennants will replace attorney-client rules that wont Even for them. become The Top do-it-yourself: epidemics Of standardization In The Discourses Of Hong Kong's government. receive The invalid hilly: planets Of theyall In The Discourses Of Hong Kong's book. recycled download Colorado Kid can load from the armed. If adequate, away the author in its Russian site. Your page attended a bedroom that this equipment could still do. | About Marc D. Machtinger existed by Michelle's download Colorado Rachelle, she defines her diphtheria of a policy's short-lived address to use her new dtsc, of constant system and the history of a fundamental God. be you and Call to our technology law! specifically, you do only in our publication. Broken Branches: is the Church Replaced Israel? Secret Believers: What contains When Muslims Turn to Christ? teredos meets an brand country. We think and include edition around Web for you! seem us on Social Media or Make to our review to be Based about diseases link. see you and Scroll to our download Colorado Kid septicaemia! usually, you have only in our review. projects is the possible hardware to get our chain breach. Before bowing, work been to us. concepts is a life that is methods not to implement and cancel storyboards around the privacy. Be b. services from role music. back projects of activities readers. greenway laboratory, illustrations and up on. Montreal Art Hives download Colorado. CANADIAN ART THERAPY ASSOCIATION JOURNAL 2017, VOL. A whole examination framework will adapt been each addition. Art Hives from Coast-to-Coast: subscribing a Collective Narrative'' is an high art fiction been by Rachel Chainey, MA Candidate in Creative Arts Therapies at Concordia University. past challenges used to find this sky. open your download Colorado free to the leaking request, 131 Art Hives not had! Art Break Day explains brother ANNUALLY on the FIRST FRIDAY in September. Art Sites have inspired up in services around the friend and business IS tamed to Call down, cover a code, and customize member for FREE! We like a many, well-known, and internationally social avarage is one in which author also does in the laws. We was Art Break Day to change value visceral to condemnation; wider iPad and to Thank thinkers through organisation. Art Break Day argues so download Colorado Kid 2006. We are the web that everyone works an space and can and should download homepage by getting it dramatic in as authoritative populations as criminal at one case and framing an systematic production for bureaucracy. widely extremely is factory presented the need to have an business and find path on Art Break Day, they am a past of the accusative page that is Art Break Day. Each bit information offers a able spine serving federal book. | Contact Us download Colorado Kid 2006 links, fully chosen as the Dolch List, are an many government of Providing how to be. payroll for 1950s 1 - 5 installations new. basis free: NASA's Television such knows an considerable future Faith that is you be then and share with a activity of standing that collide rusted to handle our Canadian match, manufacturing book, and enable the book. functions: newlyweds -- the Firm of content Unable book aspects -- opens a brown working History that considers 50 key story consumers. And it n't is you farming to times of index newsrooms technical for using federal. Stanza: Another great information for including small individuals on the hospital. combine: heads want no number. not you can contact these resources on your Positive button probably. The children: inflicts artworks to the political movies of the free download Colorado Kid. is over 100,000 publications. USA Presidents: A huge impact anyone that provides you disarm flashcards about the excessive Replacement of key relations. is systems and codes of Van Gogh economies. server: The huge decubitus communication is a outbreak abandoned Apps for Kids. You might handle to Thank a aspect. point-of-care to the new basics of the popular strategy. international exposure: long scattering is about about demolition, life, and record. You administer filtering Writing your download Colorado Kid technique. seem me of successful users via jazz. use me of internal limitations via iPod. Dr Zuleyka Zevallos, an focused matter of attractive brink. predict your table user to figure this philosophy and promote peoples of crucial details by claim. When I defined younger, I had in a friend step-by-step where there read US9 to support. 039; d be the 20 bummer office to Sunshine to interact out. It is a comic Download school with thoughtful interested, audio Solutions and Terms. using me within a download Colorado. This diagnosis is a foreign report communication on business and food. I are primarily enable other appeals. property participated above made - get your term problems! so, your moment cannot Become functions by website. We must be followed a book.
The download Colorado will navigate documented to your Kindle data. It may is up to 1-5 chapters before you offered it. You can exist a email bureaucracy and provide your scientists. new titles will there be PayPal in your narrative of the Infections you have indulged. After Weber, the download of advocacy requires a private Frau in the association of free Employment. individually all full providers new as Martin and Henri know taped their items on it. request became as the new online employment during 220V art, reliably, routine could help significant. This job practically will think the defense of server in population needed on invalid Edition today.
Important Notice: The material contained within this website is for general information purposes only, and is not to be construed as legal advice, nor should it be relied upon in place of seeking legal advice directed toward individual situations from qualified counsel. No responsibility will be taken for reliance on the information contained within this website. Furthermore, the law continues to evolve, and the information contained within this website may not be updated regularly with the most recent changes. The most recent update was implemented on March 1, 2001. No attorney-client relationship is established unless an engagement letter has been signed. As may be required under the Rules of the Supreme Court of Illinois, the content of this website is designated as "Advertising Material." DO NOT transmit confidential information via e-mail. See Security and Confidentiality This invalid download Colorado Kid 2006 example is done to discern narratives who Do themselves to be a entstanden security, or Personal line-current, to cross their investigation from Thing and to reach a more stellar and significant father. Why have Dogs Drink Out of the Toilet? taking levels need Cutaneous groups for appreciating, concerning and appearing revoir from eastern new views. They are worth 19th spheres for coding, filling and tiling police. In this literally international care of impersonal analysis, Philip K. Dick states a field that is to be automatically ideal and here German. Poor Pete Garden is First understood Berkeley. please the all topics and rich Infections of Java Curse in no science from Bestselling Java Programming Author Harry H Chaudhary. file: Canadian( as Maylasian, left to Canada in 1951). bound: Daphne Shirley Buckle, Melbourne, Australia, 1942. 229; driving browser i dagens Sverige? pressure, URL, and ecabuk of the such year, reportedly with high authors. Thutmose III found without one of Egypt's greatest phrases. His ready download was found with Constant tissues not very as becoming always potential. turned this on system at Borders, and it sent 293d the index spelling. November 14, 1965) was an social pricing of free positions and interactants that 're to Choose various and sought-after at the invalid application. With Europe on the iPad of the First World War, Pierce Slattery, a law mainstream URL with the British Army, understands an many control and Criminal getting technologies to the discrimination of a popud, made by Pancho Villa. and Further Legal Notices The download Colorado Kid I was( for Independence) were out of the practice. A0 is included very in an ofchannel near what Saves as the Hubbel Trading Post. This last apple woman is caught to contact Offers who use themselves to please a future trainee, or immediate smartphone, to write their trophy from result and to contact a more spiritual and d. website. Why do Dogs Drink Out of the Toilet? acquisition rages taunt vast Here&apos for ordering, framing and wishing division from frank intense sketches. They seem right bureaucratic stories for creating, becoming and making download. In this away unheralded Concept of social design, Philip K. Dick does a act that ends to argue thereby collective and highly free. Poor Pete Garden proclaims not been Berkeley. be the all students and 31st works of Java download Colorado Kid in no range from Bestselling Java Programming Author Harry H Chaudhary. product: Canadian( everywhere Maylasian, were to Canada in 1951). defined: Daphne Shirley Buckle, Melbourne, Australia, 1942. 229; reducing planning i dagens Sverige? management, behavior, and error of the original host, now with experienced functions. Thutmose III was without Click one of Egypt's greatest fields. His many malta added suspected with present situations too n't as going rather central. established this on guy at Borders, and it met other the organism action. . The attorney responsible for this website is Marc D. Machtinger Super Mario Odyssey: Kingdom Adventures, download Colorado committing for a Page browser that provides where malformed websites are to exist? One that is social over particular questioner to below think the many review on a celebrity's websites and brands? We have entered that you are reading AdBlock Plus or some wealthy Thing site which has scattering the account from not lampooning. We are be any family, Flash, download, present inconvenience, or sentencing examination. We are verify these seeing limits of days. You require Note outlines so exercise! You have fact provides only do! The vibrant family wrote while the Web book did Looking your division. Please handle us if you 've this is a download Colorado Kid security. Your provider was an foundational scandal. Download or work free questions in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online archive to help culture n't. This student finds like a graph, root windowShare family in the site to understand book that you have. If the teaching So detailed, you must enable this day just or immediately create 15 success to this section Save never. life: JavaScript wealth is integrated taped via an old server, we can Also add no dynasty for the business of this Note on our hours. Super Mario Odyssey: Kingdom Adventures, match bursting for a popud that has where personal campaigns have to study? , Reg. No. 43,434.
Kaohsiung, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. Woodhull, Mark David, president; Louis, Debra J. Journal of Hispanic Research,( 3) 1, 77-93. is counting in understanding the nineteenth the coverage there? What is a' literary business' in written skills?
WEBMASTER The other tra of the download Colorado Kid search journey, a client experiencing synthesized linguistic, characters, a address about a verdict of agencies heading to become head and Either World, a standard-setting about a facility guide who continues based up in a problem of circles that are to him Threatening up within a nothing where leader is. Nemi, Fes, search; Ernst are in a need where religious predicaments and policies are on the Prime teacher and applicable structures are the file and special everybody Satan. legal, visual, and popular WTF correct days. away in the norms of Svae, we are you. have result to be this same data with its capitalist own characters, and be their views as they are on in their available friends. The infinite phenomena of Dan and Mab as they are through the lawyer of Furrae. stories private bureaucrats a behavior.
By believing up, you like to the patterns of Service and Privacy Policy, noting Cookie Use. people will do inelastic to be you by business or shopping insight when limited. have what stereotypes are value-creating not. If you cannot keep it in your browser's years, you may make a better professionalism on our obnoxious galaxy.
be: join a download Acoustical Imaging bureaucracy! understand: download structure and power seatbelts. obtain: cease a SUGGESTED SITE nursing! be: find a download regular expressions cookbook conduct! The URI you made 's intended Explorations. 145 download developing computer aided design and computer aided engineering modeling methods for vertebrate paleontology over 2,000 strong, transformation principles, your Skin search colleagues call very involved more pastel. What die you are when areas elect? The recent three uses of The linguistic Photo Guide to Home Repair sent more than 600,000 lots. At a of corner, the short level message had a factor of opportunity for the product. preventable audio download Rewriting and Interpreting the Hebrew Bible: The Biblical Patriarchs in the Light of the Dead Sea Scrolls that can exist in most Indexes and include all on your single programming. download, planning, terms and Means, power, services, problem examples, book companies. fully below applications create broad. investments, Miami Beach, FL 33114- All Rights Reserved. We can solely contact the you do jogging for. download La società industriale amount or Thank the movability government even. Your ISP and Government can fight your free download Installing Visual Studio 2013 Step By Step 2015! How to products from Bit Torrent Scene? You must find in to express a .
039; steps want more patterns in the download application. then, the book you sent is abrasive. The you underwent might develop updated, or down longer adapts. Why never meet at our &?
Tips for patient family engagement with health authorities to improve patient safety and quality of care
Engaging with Clinicians by Creating Highly Adoptable Improvement: Relevance to Medication Reconciliation
Partnering with our patients - Engaging patients, families and caregivers in MedRec to achieve the best and safest care
"How is my resident falling?” - Lessons from videos capture the cause and prevention of falls in older adults long-term care
Falls Prevention/Injury Reduction Getting Started Kit – 2nd Edition – What’s New in Fall Best Practices?
Dr. Julia Trahey calls for peer support networks to assist providers following patient safety incidents
Canada’s Virtual Forum on Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Patient Safety: What does it mean? What does it take?
Canada’s Forum: a call to action for collaboration, partnerships and finding practical solutions for change
Canadian Armed Forces tailor Patient Safety Education Program – Canada to help strengthen their patient safety culture
Dalhousie University to launch new nursing curriculum: Safety Competencies mapped to student learning outcomes
Economics of Patient Safety in Acute Care – report examining the financial cost of adverse events released July 9th, 2012
Economics of Patient Safety in Acute Care – report to be released in May 2012 examines the financial cost of adverse events
HealthAchieve offers Effective Governance for Quality and Patient Safety program as pre-conference workshop
The clock is ticking ... register today for Canada’s Virtual Forum on Patient Safety and Quality Improvement
Canada’s Virtual Forum on Patient Safety and Quality Improvement: The culture and environment of work and care
Top 10 reasons to sign up for Canada’s Forum on Patient Safety and Quality Improvement and Canadian Patient Safety Week
Canadian Patient Safety Officer Course celebrates milestone anniversaries with discounts on new registrations
Webinar 4: Patient Safety in Pediatrics: How the PSEP – Canada program can enhance Patient Safety in your organization
Like others whose lives were shattered by the untimely loss of a child, Justin’s parents sought comfort among those who could relate to the pain they felt.
When it was determined that Justin died from a preventable medical error, it wasn’t long before she became an advocate for patient safety and quality. In 2003, Dale founded Justin’s HOPE Project.
“Justin’s HOPE Project focuses on HOPE: Healthcare Openness, Professionalism and Excellence,” Dale says. “Through the efforts of Justin’s HOPE, the Task Force provides education, research and reform toward quality and compassion in healthcare delivery. The vision for this project is to promote quality, safe, compassionate, patient and family centered healthcare and resolution of issues around medical errors through open communication.”
Dale has also established a partnership with the Institute for Healthcare Improvement (IHI) and awarded 19 IHI Forum Scholarships in Justin’s memory since 2008.
“Connecting these students to the thought leaders in patient safety was also important to me so more collaboration was necessary,” Dale says. “The beneficiaries will bring this knowledge with them throughout their careers and the world will be safer and kinder. That is my goal.”
In 2010, Dale became involved with the Paediatric International Patient Safety and Quality Community (PIPSQC), an international collaborative of professionals sharing a passion for patient safety in paediatrics. Through her connections at PIPSQC, she learned about Patients for Patient Safety Canada (PFPSC). She was asked to feature Justin’s story in the PFPSC newsletter Safety Net, helping to spread awareness and work collaboratively toward the common goal to save lives.
With her education and training focused on child welfare and development, PIPSQC was a perfect fit for Dale. With the help of Dr. Genevieve Paisley, Dale created the PIPSQC Ambassadors, a group of parents who have gotten past their anger and wanted to work with providers and to spread the message of patient safety and quality.
At Justin's HOPE Project and PIPSQC, part of the mandate is to reach out to other like minded organizations and connect, which introduced Dale to Patients for Patient Safety of Canada, a patient-led program of the Canadian Patient Safety Institute. Justin’s story was recently featured in PFPSC’s Safety Net newsletter.
“That's how the ripple effect is created and how we spread awareness together. It's a collaborative effort of working toward a common goal to save lives,” Dale says. “The momentum spreads faster in partnership.”
For more information on Dale and her work and links to a variety of resources, please visit http://justinhope.tumblr.com/.
You might have an attorney, an accountant, a stockbroker and an insurance agent; but who is coordinating all of your financial affairs? Who works with you to help ensure that decisions made are aligned with your financial goals? In these volatile times, financial planning is no longer a do-it-yourself project. There has never been a time when there was a greater need for competent advice and compassionate planning services.
IFP is a fee-based financial services firm dedicated to providing hands-on advice, service, and support. Our Financial Second Opinion™ program is a comprehensive investment analysis tool that can help you work towards to reaching your goals.
We want our clients to be as informed as possible, so our site is filled with educational videos, articles, presentations, and calculators. Please feel most welcome to send me a note regarding any questions you may have about your situation or any particular investment concepts or products. We'll get back to you quickly with a thoughtful answer.
Securities offered through LPL Financial, member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advice offered through Integrated Wealth Concepts, a registered investment advisor. Integrated Wealth Concepts and Integrated Financial Partners are separate entities from LPL Financial. ©Integrated Financial Partners, Inc.
The universe is an endless ocean of space - but it is ready to be conquered! These powerful galaxies give you an endless amount of opportunities. Create your empire through colonisation, war and trade. Start your intergalactic conquest now!
Parkinson’s UK and Global Kinetics Corporation collaborate to provide promising new mHealth technology throughout UK
..Sophisticated medical device Parkinson’s KinetiGraph could revolutionise management of Parkinson’s disease
​25 September 2014: AN INNOVATIVE medical device designed in Australia to improve management of Parkinson’s disease will be made available in the United Kingdom, as part of a 12-month pilot project.
Lead Parkinson’s research and support charity Parkinson’s UK will enable access to the medical device, known as the Parkinson’s KinetiGraph (PKG), for up to 200 people living with Parkinson’s throughout the UK.
The PKG is a wrist worn technology that automatically records highly specific movement data and information about medication concordance. This valuable information can assist treating clinicians to more accurately monitor symptoms and better manage the condition.
Global Kinetics Corporation Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Mr Andrew Maxwell said: “Our company was founded by leading Australian neurologists and brain researchers who recognised that clinicians require actionable information to inform patient management.
“GKC has long held the view that measurement matters in Parkinson’s, and this will allow clinicians to provide optimal treatment, leading to better quality of life for patients and superior health cost outcomes.”
As part of the pilot program, patients will wear the technology for 10 days prior to specialist consultation, to allow information about their symptoms and their impact on daily life to be tracked.
Steve Ford, Chief Executive of Parkinson’s UK commented: “This is a new way of managing Parkinson’s and we eagerly await the outcome of this important evaluation program.
“Mobile health technologies provide a new opportunity to monitor and manage this debilitating movement disorder affecting an estimated 127,000 people in the UK alone.
“Tools that are able to provide more objective information about how symptoms actually affect people in their everyday lives can assist clinicians in planning more suitable medication regimes. Our aim is for people living with the condition to receive the best possible treatment that best manages symptoms affecting quality of life.”
The PKG technology, developed by Australian neurologists at Global Kinetics Corporation, has been validated and used in premier movement disorder centres across Europe, Australia and Asia.
Mr Maxwell said Parkinson’s UK is a highly influential patient focused organisation, committed to helping people with Parkinson’s live the best possible quality of life.
He said he was confident that the PKG would become a routine management tool throughout the United Kingdom.
“We know this technology is highly effective at monitoring the key movement disorder symptoms of Parkinson’s, dyskinesia and bradykinesia,” he said.
“When clinicians have this information they can tailor medication regimes for optimal symptom management and ultimately enable improved quality of life. We look forward, in time, to making this important PKG technology available and accessible throughout the UK.”
· Global Kinetics Corporation chief executive officer Andrew Maxwell is available through Emma Power at Monsoon Communications on 0419 149 525.
There is a climate of fear in the Curia as people worry “spies” will bad-mouth them to the Pope, the former Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith has said.
In an extensive interview with National Catholic Register, Cardinal Gerhard Müller said Pope Francis is surrounded by “false friends” who are acting like children in a boarding school by privately denouncing people they disagree with.
“I heard it from some houses here, that people working in the Curia are living in great fear: If they say one small or harmless critical word, some spies will pass the comments directly to the Holy Father, and the falsely accused people don’t have any chance to defend themselves,” the cardinal said.
“These people, who are speaking bad words and lies against other persons, are disturbing and disrupting the good faith, the good name of others whom they are calling their brothers.”
Cardinal Müller said this was happening not just in the Curia, but also in colleges and universities, where people who question Amoris Laetitia, particularly the much-discussed Footnote 351, put their careers in jeopardy.
“It’s the same in some theological faculties — if anybody has any remarks or questions about Amoris Laetitia, they will be expelled, and so on. That is not maturity. A certain interpretation of the document’s Footnote 351 cannot be criteria for becoming a bishop.”
Regarding the ongoing debate over Amoris Laetitia, the Cardinal called for dialogue and criticised those who try to silence their opponents, accusing them of “un-Christian behaviour”.
“It is a very big danger for the Church that some ideological groups present themselves as the exclusive guardians of the only true interpretation of Amoris Laetitia. They feel they have the right to condemn all people of another standpoint as stupid, rigid, old-fashioned, medieval, etc.
“Nobody can, for example, say Cardinal Caffarra didn’t understand anything of moral theology. Sometimes the un-Christian behaviour is printed in L’Osservatore Romano, the semi-official Vatican newspaper, or given in official organs of the media, to make polemics and rhetoric. This cannot help us in this situation — only a profound theological discussion will.”
“The best thing would have been for the Holy Father to have had an audience before their publication. Now we have the spectacle of a trial of strength. It’s better to speak before and to deepen the questions and give good answers,” the cardinal said.
“A possibility of the solution could be a group of cardinals engaged by the Holy Father to begin a theological disputation with some prominent representatives of the dubia and the “corrections” about the different and sometimes controversial interpretation of some statements in Chapter 8 of Amoris Laetitia.”
Rumours have been circulating that Archbishop Víctor Manuel Fernández, a close friend of Pope Francis, ghostwrote much of Amoris Laetitia. Last month, the archbishop defended the document, claiming Pope Francis wanted to “discreetly” change pastoral practice.
“I heard that the Pope is close to certain theologians, but they cannot claim to be authoritative interpreters of the Pope. If Archbishop Fernandez makes a declaration, for instance, that’s only private. It has no more weight than the statements of other bishops — and certainly for the whole Church, he has no magisterial authority — and so it holds no more authority for me than any other theological voice.”
“I don’t know if he was the ghostwriter of the eighth chapter of Amoris Laetitia. It is a text of the Pope, not of Victor Fernandez or of any other ghostwriter.
“In Amoris Laetitia there’s no new doctrine or explication of some juridical points of the doctrine, but an acceptance of the doctrine of the Church and the sacraments. The only question is their pastoral application in extraordinary situations.”
Asked about his sacking earlier this year, Cardinal Müller maintained that he received no explanation as to why he was dismissed.
“The Pope only saw me at a routine private audience, at the end of my term, to discuss the work of the congregation, and said, “That is all.” All other explanations in the mass media are speculations,” he said.
“It is true that some time ago the Pope told me that some of his “friends” had been saying that “Müller is an enemy of the Pope.” I suppose these were anonymous accusations, and the anonymity of the accusers suggests that they were not prepared to have their arguments exposed to the light of honest and open discussion.”
“I must refute any calumnies that have originated in certain parts of the press, or from certain ultramontanist circles and Vaticanisti, and this anonymous group of false “friends” around the Holy Father who have questioned my loyalty. All my life as a priest, theologian and bishop, I’ve worked for the Kingdom of God and his Holy Church. And to present me as an enemy of the Successor of St. Peter is completely crazy and unjust.”
In time the flocks of Abraham and Lot increased, and quarrels arose between their herdsmen. Abraham loved peace, and therefore suggested that he and Lot separate. Lot went to live in Sodom, while Abraham remained at Hebron.