6 — The Frasers of Guisachan, styled "Mac Huistean" — Mr Charles Fraser-Mackintosh of Drummond, M. Provost Koss, who wore the Highland costume, cccupied the chair, taking the place of the absent Chief, Mr Fletcher of Rosehaugh. Mackenzie; Mr Colin Chisholm, Namur Cottage, Inverness ; Rev. Shortly after eight o'clock the proceedings com- menced by the Secretary intimating apologies for absence from the following gentlemen among many others : — Mr Douglas Fletcher of Rosehaugh, Chief of the Society ; The Mackintosh ; Sir Kenneth 1 2 Gaelic Society of Inuerness.
Hey Dr. Scott! | Get answers to your health questions from Doctor Scott Collie, one of Orange County's Chiropractic and Wellness experts!.
Get answers to your health questions from Doctor Scott Collie, one of Orange County's Chiropractic and Wellness experts!.
Wouldn’t it be great if there were a supplement you could take that would optimize your cholesterol, decrease inflammation and muscle soreness, increase your brain function, benefit your heart health, relieve aching joints, improve your vision, skin and more? Great news! Omega 3 Fish Oil has been noted to do so. You might call it […]
In my previous post, we covered back pain and went into depth on what ACTUALLY causes the pain. Part 2 of this post will be covering spinal structure and health. The integrity of the disc is detrimental to one’s spinal health. They depend on the motion of the vertebras in order for them to stay […]
Most people think that when you go to a Chiropractor you get a good “crack”, feel good and loose and call it a day OR you walk away hurting more than when you came in, unfortunately. Well there is much more to what chiropractic spinal adjusting is then that. You see the spine is the […]
MSG is rarely labeled as MSG anymore because of the bad rap that it has portrayed over the last couple decades. They have resorted to calling it other names. Here are ingredients that ALWAYS contain glutamic acid. You may want to take a better look at the food labels and take heed: Glutamic acid Glutamate […]
Monosodium glutamate, also known as sodium glutamate or MSG, is the sodium salt of glutamic acid, one of the most abundant naturally occurring non-essential amino acids. MSG (monosodium glutamate) was discovered (1908) by Professor Kikunae Ikeda. He isolated this flavor from seaweed broth and called it Monosodium Glutamate. With the help of the Ajinomoto Corp […]
Because many people are now starting to realize the wonderful benefits of a healthier lifestyle, many are now opting for organic foods. If you are still having doubts on whether a diet consisting of organic foods is really worth it or not, here are some of the many benefits of eating organic: For a food […]
They include our lack of genetic adaptation to grasses, and particularly gluten, in our diet. Wheat was introduced into Europe during the Middle Ages, and 30 percent of people of European descent carry the gene for celiac disease (HLA DQ2 or HLA DQ8), which increases susceptibility to health problems from eating gluten. American strains of […]
*In Part 1 of this series on gluten, we took a look at what gluten is and how it is becoming more and more harmful to us. In Part 2, we take a look at just how gluten can destroy a body.* People with gluten sensitivity cannot properly digest gluten-based foods. The effects of consuming […]
Last week we talked about the first 6 of 12 super foods that can reduce inflammation like Salmon, Cherries, and more. This week we’re wrapping it up with 6 more fruits, vegetables and even tea that are known to reduce inflammation and get you back on your feet! 7. Blueberries. These delectable fruits are chock-full […]
The observatory was set up in 1980. It involves ringing,'vis mig' counts (including seabirds) and general monitoring in the Heysham Nature reserve/power stations/harbour area. The statutory moth trap is in place and also a daily log for butterflies, dragonflies etc. We share an office, kindly provided by EDF Energy, with the County Wildlife Trust. This is located next to the Nature Reserve car park. Do call in. Please leave sightings in the letterbox, ESPECIALLY 'fly-by' seabirds.
The recording area covers everything in or seen from Tetrads SD45E, SD46A, SD35Z and SD36V. The northern limit of SD46A has received a lot of attention so far this year i.e. the horse paddocks and scanning from Knowlys Road
Odds and ends we need to pick up later in the year include Snow Bunting. Star bird of the spring migration was the female Subalpine Warbler, but the likes of Black-throated Diver, Puffin, Firecrest, multiple Black Redstart and Hooded Crow pretty decent for here. The autumn highlight was obviously the Barolo Shearwater, if accepted, and was otherwise a bit below par with just a handful of Leach's Petrel, a single date Purple Sandpiper and a couple of Yellow-brows of interest
171 species in 2017 with some unexpected omissions: Purple Sandpiper, Yellow Wagtail, Nuthatch (on HH), Snow Bunting, Crossbill and Black Redstart
The 2017 Report is now published and copies may be obtained from Heysham Nature Reserve Office or directly from Alan Draper, priced just £3. They are also now available from Leighton Moss - please ask at shop/reception
Newcomers to this area: Please visit the map at the base of this page and print it off, along with the following access instructions. It is very easy to take wrong turnings here, especially when accessing the coastal areas, and alerting the various security staff around the harbour/power stations
Anyone birdwatching and photographing in the harbour area is likely to attract the attention of the harbour police (and you will be on a security camera at all times). You will be expected to provide details on request and any refusal could jeopardise future access.
Please note that pedestrian access to the harbour mouth, beyond the 'red gate' is NOT possible. However you can 'scope for any sea passage here, similarly check the low tide channels for wildfowl and gulls and also 'scope the gulls on Fisher's roof across the harbour. On 'busy' days at high tide, please avoid parking alongside the seawall as this restricts the room available to anglers. Thanks.
The old "Gate 38 (39 on the map)" to the west quay of the harbour is now locked and therefore the 'harbour waterfall' can only be viewed from the end of the north harbour wall. You need to use the traditional walk from the tall mast/nature park/seawall. Park by the tall mast about 120 metres before the entrance to Ocean Edge and take the path to the shore via the Nature Park. Alternatively park in Heysham Nature reserve and access via the Landscape Strip/dog-walk track, then through the Nature Park
Please do not enter Ocean Edge caravan park without calling in at reception. If anything turns up along the shore at the southern end of Ocean Edge properties, you can access this along the shoreline from Red Nab, not by walking through the caravan site. Thanks
Take the Middleton/Overton road from the roundabout at the end of the by pass for about 1.5km, then turn right and park by the 'model boat pond' at SD418591. We recommend that all access here is limited to the concrete roads and formal footpaths as there are serious hazards e.g. a narrow 3 metre-deep hole was recently located, covered by a thin layer of grass, during reserve management work. The perils of brownfield sites!
REUBEN NEVILLE: Any enquiries relating to Heysham Nature Reserve or Heysham Moss e.g. help with working parties or organising a visit. You can also phone/text 07979652138, the Nature reserve office landline 01524 855030 or e-mail rneville@lancswt.org.uk during normal working hours.
EMMA GARSTON: Please contact Emma re-any events being organised by the Wildlife Trust, including those in partnership with other organisations. egarston@lancswt.org.uk or 01524 855030
ALAN DRAPER: Please contact Alan if you are interested in observing, helping with or indeed wish to become a ringer. Observers/helpers are very welcome; there is absolutely no 'obligation' to train to be a ringer - we appreciate many people are not able to commit themselves to this time-consuming process. Please phone/text 07929899834 or e-mail alanxhill@btinternet.com
PETE MARSH: Please e-mail or text Pete with any interesting sightings from the Heysham area (or post them to the LDBWS site). Also please contact Pete with any general enquiries concerning the observatory. Text/phone = 07532433043 or e-mail PMrsh123@aol.com
Please note that two of the team (Pete Marsh and Jean Roberts) are full time ornithological consultants. Contact details above.
There have been no sightings from our Twite colour ringing over the last two seasons, using numeric engraved rings, in which the engraved numbers could be determined. Feedback from local birders has been that it has been frustrating trying to read these numeric engravings and they have largely given up trying. I have therefore applied to BTO to revise my colour scheme.
The Right Leg combination of Pale Blue (Site identification colour) above BTO Metal is to be retained.
Twite are a tricky species to check for colour rings with their short legs often concealed. For any sightings of coastal Lancashire flocks, please try and concentrate on a quick check of ringed/unringed ratios.
There may be plenty of Twite with Pale Blue site rings around between Knott End and Heysham, but also birds wearing other site colours e.g. YELLOW that is the site colour for birds ringed at Askam in Furness.
All records are important so please send any sightings to Alan (see contacts above). Thanks very much.
A colour-ringing programme has been commenced to try and elicit some information on destination, passage routes and origin of the large number of Grey Wagtail passing through north Lancashire in autumn.
Up to 162 per autumn have been ringed since 2008 with relatively low numbers in 2011/12, probably a combination of prolonged hard winter weather and (2012) very wet breeding season and flooding.
Passage birds have been seen at Seaforth Nature Reserve (64km south) on three occasions, the 2013 bird lingering for a short time, Derbyshire, several in Cheshire, Greater Manchester and Skokholm. Presumed wintering birds have been seen in Wiltshire, Connah's Quay (Flint), Worsley (Greater Manchester), Warton Bank (Ribble), nr Bamber Bridge (Lancs) and two in Staffordshire. On at least five occasions ringed birds have remained in the Heysham area for the winter and in autumn/winter 2013/14, a surprising 3 individuals remained on the nearby Lune Estuary during at least the first part of the winter. An additional bird was seen at a roost in Lancaster in January 2014 and autumn 2014 saw a sighting at Sunderland over a month after ringing 3.7km to the north. Breeding season registrations so far - from Sedgwick, Levens, Killington and Torver (Cumbria), Carnwath and Melrose (Borders).
The 2016 and some of the 2017 birds are marked with PINK over BTO metal or metal over PINK on the left leg but we have just started on the next left leg sequence which is ORANGE over BTO metal or BTO metal over ORANGE. Some earlier ones with red (likely) and white or pale blue (less likely) over metal on the left leg may still be alive. Various combinations of two colours on the right leg render each bird individually identifiable providing the left leg combination (e.g. whether the red is above or under the metal) is also seen. However, please do send in any part-reads of a single leg as your information is still very valuable and a right leg observation may still be individually identifiable
Two gangs of Kittiwake clearly did not fancy an overland crossing in todays weather and ended up flying out and across the bay
Suitable for sewing into clothing for schools and care homes. Colour fast and suitable for boil washes.
Woven Name Tapes suitable for sewing into clothing for schools and care homes. Colour fast and suitable for boil washes. A range of woven name tapes are available.
Woven Name Tapes, often called Name Labels or Name Tags are the traditional method of labeling children’s clothing for school.
Our range of Name Tapes include the popular white 8mm sew in labels. All products are fully woven polyester and are colour fast in hot washes.
Piano Classic 2 for windows 10 usability You can learn and play piano anywhere and anytime in an easy and fun way :) Turn you mobile phone into real piano keyboard a
Before heading the APRU International Secretariat, he was the Vice-President/Pro Vice-Chancellor (International) of the University of Auckland, New Zealand.
He holds bachelor's and master's degrees in social anthropology from the University of Auckland, a master's degree in Public Administration from Harvard University, and a Ph.D. in political science (on Southeast Asian politics) from the University of Canterbury.
He was elected a senior associate member of St. Antony's College, Oxford University, in September 1991 from where he published the book The Political Economy of Social Control in Singapore (Macmillan and St Martin’s Press, 1994, reprinted 1996). He was a visiting fellow at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. in 2003 and a visiting professor at Peking University in 2007 – 2008.
In 1995 he became the founding director of the New Zealand Asia Institute, which he led until 1999. Previously, he held positions as a senior consultant, executive secretary, and research director for international development organizations based in Hong Kong, Singapore, and Tokyo.
A specialist on social regulation in Southeast Asia, his research has recently focused on the internationalisation of higher education.
Salt River Market site is a major opportunity for well-located, integrated housing in Cape Town : Let’s build!>
African public spaces are complex, especially so against the backdrop of fast urbanising cities and increasing socio-economic volatility.
Public space in South Africa was, and in some instances still remains, a contentious issue due to apartheid spatial planning policies, which denied non-white citizens access to quality public spaces and city centres, places which were reserved only for whites. In addition, township planning and building plans neglected the design of quality public spaces. As a result, many black South Africans considered open/ public spaces in townships, informal settlements and inner cities to be frightening places – dirty, garbage-strewn, exclusionary and unsafe – conditions which still persist in the country today.
What must be realised is that cities that are unwelcoming for some are unwelcoming for all. They perpetuate social divisions and unhealthy social relationships between people. South Africa, with its history of segregation, is in dire need of physical spaces for citizens and communities of different backgrounds to interact. In order to transform the apartheid urban social landscape, urban planning and design must promote spatial, social and economic integration. Cities, beyond buildings, are made of physical and social fabric, of which public spaces are an important part – they build cohesion, develop feelings of belonging and inclusivity and give tangible expression to a more democratic, equitable society.
In light of these considerations, it becomes clear that public spaces within South Africa are very complex; different users have different perceptions of space and usually have different ownership patterns. How are we to begin reimagining how these spaces work and how do we work together to improve them?
Through our research and work, we have learnt about the complexity of space and the countless efforts of individuals and groups to create and appropriate the public realm against the backdrop of deepening inequality, fast urbanising cities and increasing socio-economic volatility. It has also brought into question the polarity between those responsible for creating and maintaining the public realm and those who are supposed to inhabit it.
This is a particularly important topic in Africa, a complex and diverse nation, for when it comes to public space, one size most certainly does not fit all. As such, we need an approach to public space that is flexible, locally engaged, inclusive and integrative. Here are 10 ideas to begin to transform public spaces :
There is a need for future champions of public spaces, who will lobby and advocate for equitable approaches to designing, implementing and maintaining public spaces. Read how residents in Madrid reclaimed vacant spaces here.
Engage more deeply with fast-paced global processes that influence the future of cities and public spaces; for example the changing nature of public-private ownership, artificial intelligence and 3D printing. There exists great potential for the public realm to be activated in new ways. One example covered is the Playable City Lagos project, comprised of a number of fun methods to promote engagement between citizens in Lagos’ public spaces. Two examples include a speaking mirror and a taxi-to-taxi phone.
Idea 3 : Map and understand non-traditional and in-between public spaces that define the broader public realm
People have different perceptions of public space, which makes defining the concept somewhat challenging. Public spaces and the broader public realm includes streets, sidewalks, markets, train stations and bus stops. Gain an understanding of these spaces as part of the public realm, and where they fit into the formal definitions of public space. Read about the Bellville CBD.
Design public spaces for future citizens, a large number of whom will be young, connected individuals. Unpack their identities, their ideas of space and work directly with them if to truly serve the needs of the community in the future.
People’s ideas for their public spaces can be realised by powerful citizen-activations that take the form of long-term advocacy movements. Often starting out as small groups with specific concerns or aims, what they would soon discover is that, in actual fact, these concerns/ aims were shared by many others. This served to grow support and collaboration within communities, thereby creating an active citizenry over time.
In many cases, various processes of activism need to be applied to inspire a wider range of individuals. This creates an opportunity for different voices to be heard. Activations can sometimes be in the streets on a skateboard and at other times in the boardroom.
Urban actors need to engage with and challenge the constitutional processes, legislations and policies that govern our urban areas and public spaces. While the constitution makes provision for protests in public spaces, it does so only with very strict and at times bizarre regulations. For example, the South African Constitution states that a gathering of more than 15 people requires a formal application. In certain instances, these regulations need to be actively challenged.
The private sector should be involved in the financing and design of public spaces, beyond merely their planned developments, so that they contribute meaningfully to public spaces and the urban fabric. Read more about Thornhill Park.
Explore and recognise the value and importance of informal spaces and informal markets. The Sustainable Livelihood Foundation’s research in 2015 showed that the number of informal traders grew by 108% since 2011, 46% of which cluster around spaces with public amenities. The scope, scale and spatiality of the informal economy should be examined and understood in a way such that these systems can enhance multi-stakeholder participation process and allow alternative outcomes to be visualised. Read about the High Street Mfuleni concept.
It is important to recognise the role that the government plays in the design, management and maintenance of urban public spaces and city parks. City departments do have a mandate to provide quality public spaces where people can meet, be active, spend their free time in. Within these programmes, more information needs to be made available to increase the possibility for public-private partnerships to be formed.
The power of public spaces still lies in the opportunity for direct interaction, but the sphere of public action has broadened to now include virtual and digital spaces, including social media platforms.
“The future of public space is a future of the elision of boundaries […] we need more, and better quality, public spaces in which to interact as the virtual world collapses artificial boundaries” – Guy Briggs.
From the conversations, presentations and case studies, it becomes clear that the notion of public space (as conceived by urban elites) is, if not obsolete, certainly incomplete as a definition. This involves a recognition that public life goes far beyond the formal and the civic, to encompass (especially in South Africa) the informal, the mundane, the banal – whether this be political discourse, cultural engagement or commercial activity.
The future of public space is a future of the creation of partnerships between the city and citizens, communities and businesses and providers and consumers of services. It is a future that recognises that functional and qualitative public space is fundamental to achieving social equity and that public space is not simply for recreation but is inherently and vitally multi-functional, best designed by those that will use it – the citizens themselves.
Salt River Market site is a major opportunity for well-located, integrated housing in Cape Town : Let’s build!
RT @jbeano: Learning from Tokyo: How does this #SmartCity provide affordable housing, unmatched #transit quality, and vibrant neighborhoods…
RT @MulasVictor: Provoking, relevant thought from @UCLG_Saiz -> We have gone from no consultation to over-consultation; abusing co-creation…
This website claims no credit for any visual content posted on this site unless otherwise noted. Images on this website are copyright to its re-specttul owners. We don’t sell or use images in any commercial way.
If there is an image appearing on this website that belongs to you and do not wish for it appear on this site, please e-mail with a link to said image and it will be promptly removed.
Free No Sign Up Shemale Chat Rooms Bisexual Personal Chat and Photos on Bisexual Playground. always looking to have sex. I'm a straight forward guy that thinks having sex with a shemale would be hot. If you definitely want a room, be sure to sign up on the Waiting List on the Party Registration Page. As for rooms. Free No Sign Up Shemale Chat Rooms on Bisexual Playground Amarna. Age: 30. Provided Services : Escorting, Classic Sex in any position, Oral Sex without, Oral Sex until complexion, COB, COF, Threesome, Couple Simply tori in wet cams live do simply on Find a few minutes to register on our site, and you won't regret it later! You get the chance to get laid with hot and horny ladies without any risk of being dismissed! Browse tons of seductive profiles, send ice-breakers and chat with the girls in shemale chatrooms, for example; flirt without commitment and meet a perfect match. Sabrina. Age: 25. I love my life
Abella. Age: 19. I'm a lovely Belgian escort, with my soft, but firm hands, I provide a sensual massage too Nov 30, - Need free video chat rooms adult rooms free reliable friends to hook up public created by rockstar. That said, live sex chat rooms video free it may be confusing. Friends embark on a road trip live sex video chat rooms no registration is not the solution. Despite not having any of free mutual cyber sex video. Welcome to TS Girlfriend's live transsexual chatroom, meet decent friendly people in our ts chat room. + Members. No other Transsexual dating site, has more valid members than TSMingle. A premiere TS dating site has more visitors around the world than all other TS dating sites combined.
Total Visitor: 16645680 Copyright © 2011 by The FutureNet Computer Sdn. Bhd. | Designed and Hosted by Yibon Creative Inc.
It’s always fun to try something different in the garden. For me, this year it was Thompson and Morgan’s Egg and Chips plant, hand-grafted so it grows aubergines (aka egg plants) from its stem and potatoes from its roots – great for gardeners without the luxury of an allotment or large veg patch. (The two vegetables belong to the same plant family, known as the Solanaceae or nightshade.) This novelty arrived by post in May, protected by a plastic cylinder, looking very healthy. Planted up on the sunny terrace in a large container (as per the instructions), it soon expanded to fill the space. Delicate mauve flowers began emerging in July, but it wasn’t until August that they began to set.
While Thompson and Morgan claim an average of three or four large aubergines per plant, I now have five aubergines of various sizes hanging there, with another four flowers looking promising. The potato yield could be up to two kg, suitable for boiling, mashing or, of course, chips. The spuds seem to have begun producing their own foliage, so I'm looking forward to seeing what lies beneath when all this yellows and dies down.
Paul Martin's Handmade Revolution is on BBC2 this week and next - a celebration of British crafts and crafters. So many inspiring ideas, including an exquisite dress made by felting in episode 1 (shown on Monday 8). One of the judges is Mary Jane Baxter, author of Chic on a Shoestring and The Modern Girl's guide to Hatmaking.
The Section 105 - C30/92 Surveys reported here covers a 5.8km reach of the River Wear passing through Durham. The River Wear was modelled between the downstream face of Shincliffe Bridge at NGR NZ287410 and Barkers Haugh at NGR NZ281434 (downstream extent of study). The associated catchment contributing to the River Wear between Shincliffe Bridge and Barkers Haugh has a total area of 62.4km2. This report describes the work carried out for the Flood Plain Mapping and Catchment Drainage Studies. It provides the details required by the Agencys Survey Brief. It should be read in conjunction with the Report on Survey of Flooding Problems Volume 1, March 1997.
Vince Frazer, who is an EAA Chapter 21 member, approached us about placing an ad on our Forum page for his Fly Boy Accessories company and in return he would contribute to our First Saturday Fly-Ins we hold at KEHR during the summer. So everyone can see what we are talking about I put a temporary hot link in the left hand margin of this forum's home page. Click on the Fly Boy Accessories icon and it takes you to the Fly Boy Accessories home page.
On behave of my friend Tony, I'd like to invite you all to experince the new V1.2 of Team17 Anthology for CD32, CD32 SX-1 and CD32 SX32-PRO.
I have made this CD (522MB) availabe for free together with Bips 200 CD32 game collection and Synchro Amiga Tribute CD v1.0 and v1.1. Currently I have pretty much heavy traffic all day so thats why im searching for people who have FTP's running that can make the CD availabe for download like me. Just let me know and I'll upload it myself;)
Tony has let me know it works on both CD32 and WinUAE. I have currently only tested it on WinUAE but so fare everything looks to run just fine and I trust Tony's word that it works on real CD32, so for once I didn't test both things which I usually do with important CDs.
It was supposed to say 2 questions btw, but the layout pad has moved under my keyboard so when I press 2 I get 21.
Ah emulation under real amiga... a bit unusual question, your testing some secret project? tell tell!;) I got no idea I never tied such things but I'll mention it to tony tomorrow.
My Squirrel SCSI card came with 3 disks of software to play with, and one of them was a CD32 emulator, which basically sets some flags, and softkicks a CD32 ROM, thus allowing your machine to be a virtual CD32 (minus the FMV chip).
Yup that's the way us A1200 owners run CD32 software, by lameulation. There's no other choice, unless the games are WHDified.
Its not really emulation as it is the same hardware, you are only changing the kickstart. Which would mean that if you are running KS3.0 and softkick to 3.1 then you are emulating the machine, which isn't how it would be refered.
I think of emulation as inpersonating other hardware, and neither WHDLoad or CD32 rekickers do that, so I don't class either as emulators.
Cool, but you miss one very cool game Miami Chase yes this is from the time when they call them self Team 7 but its the same dude :)
Miami Chase is made by the freelance group team7 that was run by rico holmes and stefan boberg before they created team17... Derfore the game is not related to this CD as the CD is a tribute to Team 17 games only, sorry:(
Basically Team7 and Team 17 are the same. They have changed their name to Team 17 after they came together with 17-Bit Software. (or vice versa, however you want...)
Full Contact was indeed made by Team 7 but it was published by Team 17 after which Miami Chase wasn't.
Just giving you the facts and Tony wont include Miami Chase as he said to me when I asked him about it... reasons I already outlined.
Utilizing a Brand Management procedure makes certain that all your workforce or designers create income, promoting and communication components that project exactly who that you are and who you wish to be — all while preserving time, income and resources. And isn’t that value Checking out?
Perfectly-executed branding can help produce client loyalty by reinforcing the purchase of goods in The customer's brain. For sporting products and solutions, a marketing campaign centered on Bodily Health instead of on a certain product or service can help set up the brand as a leader in the marketplace for equally prior and long run buyers.
iv. Lifestyle: The brand may perhaps signify a specific culture. GM Chevrolet Optra depicts its attachment with Indian culture just like the ritual of Karwa Chowth. v. Persona: The brand can undertaking a specific personality. Reid & Taylor by utilizing Amitabh Bachchan as its brand ambassador projects a sublime temperament. vi. Person: Brand implies the sort of shopper who purchases or works by using the solution. McDowell Celebrations challenge the camaraderie of relationships. A Brand is sort of a individual. It has a Individuality, Character, Inner thoughts and Id. A Brand means core values. A brand is designed to do two points. 1. Give benefits and value to shopper 2. Benefit the Brand proprietor In tangible terms, brand is a reputation, a image/indication, and ordinarily a program of basic visual, verbal, and created traits; on the other hand, the real essence of a brand extends further than what we could see and hear. The importance of your company’s brand is also described with the sum of its interactions with people. These interactions manifest in a number of strategies. They are often community and private, which include when a shopper engages in the confront-to-facial area dialogue with a customer service agent (CSR). They may also be remote, for example every time a purchaser contacts a CSR by cellular phone. In equally of these scenarios a human connects with A different human who represents the business; however, in mediated interactions- those exemplified by interaction channels together with mass media advertising and marketing, product or service packaging, and Internet sites—a human interacts with a non-human representative of the organization i.
i. Identifies the businesses products, makes repeat purchases less complicated ii. Facilitates marketing efforts iii. Fosters brand loyalty – stabilises industry share iv. Lets to charge quality rates and therefore to recuperate margins v.
All marketing merchandise you generate and release into the public eye should replicate ONLY what you would like your brand to represent. Wavering from this rule can have an affect on general public perception — from time to time with only one venture.
Utilizing a browser-based brand management porgramme means that the learning curve for the design and style staff might be negligible. Additionally, workforce who might need to accessibility ongoing or accomplished projects can be specified entry and should be able to look at all of those assignments immediately and simply.
We use the expression brand fairly often. But what exactly is a brand? Brand is a reputation, term, signal, symbol, design and style or a mix of some or all of these to recognize the goods and expert click here to read services of one seller or team of sellers also to differentiate them from All those of competition. According to Jean-Noel Kapferer, the brand is a complex image used for expressing vendor’s assure to deliver a selected list of capabilities, benefits and products and services consistently into the customers.
This may allow for your reassignment of duties if needed or other important alterations. WYSIWYG enhancing from the localised versions from the catalogue was very important as text and graphics needed to be confirmed for right design and style and in good shape and the necessity for a sturdy annotation procedure (furnishing all history) was an complete.
Traditionally, brands are already most critical to true merchandise. Having said that, Progressively more companies of solutions are noticing that it is Similarly essential for them to rank their brand graphic as it can be for firms with physical products and solutions. All companies have to use their brand to develop have faith in and self esteem together with regularity.
Constructing client associations based upon your enterprise’ attitude and vision are also extra very likely to be more robust relationships than All those of comfort-based mostly kinds.
e. the brand. Every single of such interactions signifies a contact level that leads to an practical experience. Continuously optimistic activities form the foundation of a powerful brand. The strongest brands preserve interactions that consistently end in higher-value ordeals. This kind of brands permit organisations to capitalise within the solid, prolonged-term client interactions that end result from these experiences. Assume Microsoft, Nike, and IBM. These particular capabilities of a brand improve outside of a fancy list of included values that will comprise of historical past and custom, extra products and services, promoting messages, good quality, popularity with the products among a particular team of consumers (status) and Some others. These parameters of brand notion prove that a powerful brand cannot be proven over evening. The event of a brand usually takes time, powerful economic marketing and advertising muscle mass and superior internet marketing techniques including i. Perception into customer requirements, ii. Ability to provide merchandise or companies that meet Individuals requires, iii. Creative imagination to produce exiting and powerful promotion, iv. Capacity to communicate differentiation in a method that prospects have an understanding of Which motivates them. (Court docket 1997). Without the need of this method you would not have a brand but just a identify and a sign for a product. Desk five.one: Benefits of a brand Benefits of the brand for
Remember the fact that your brand ought to attract the reaction (emotion) you want your possible and current shoppers to feel toward your company. When you don’t think about that, in anything your company sends out into the public (in print or Digital sort), there isn't a reliable picture of your business and shoppers will not do nicely with complicated messages. What this means is, you will be getting rid of brand benefit.
This management includes instilling a particular level of confidence in the minds of present prospects that the quality they be expecting from the road of solutions of the particular brand is often predicted to continue.
All get-togethers associated with the undertaking can easily switch languages and edit information from their unique browser. EasyCatalog tags are noticeable from throughout the 2imagine editor and allow for updates to database information (from the doc to your databases).
Holy, can you believe it ? My very first blog post in such a long time; it’s been what? A year?? No, more like 5...
Finally I can share this fantastic great news. I've been asked to join Birgit's Mixed Media Art Crew, starting May 2017. A great honour for me to be asked by an artist I admire so much when it comes to inspiration and design. I will be working alongside 4 very talented ladies. Please check out their links below. Please check todays blogpost on Birgit's blog to read more all about it.
Every Wednesday, one of us will have a inspiring posts on Birgit's blog, creating projects using stamps and stencils from Birgit's collection at Carabelle Studio.
I can't wait to get started and if you want to know more about my team mates please check out their cool and very inspiring sites.
Last but not least I want to say Thank You to Birgit for loving my art and giving me this opportunity.
red brick ranch house brick ranch house all brick home plans home plans brick ranch house brick house plans designs pictures of red brick ranch homes.
awesome brick ranch house plans ideas photos updated houses red how to remodel a trim colors style home,painting red brick on ranch style house photos of homes pictures need exterior color suggestions,red brick ranch color choice for trim and siding please help house colors schemes homes,red brick ranch house images patio design and office beautiful homes with shutters pictures of,how to remodel a brick ranch house red trim colors landscaping ideas best homes,red brick ranch real estate homes for sale house trim colors images of,red brick ranch home style homes painted before and after house pictures of,red brick ranch style homes pictures of home exterior paint house trim color ideas part 5,red brick ranch house color schemes style homes real estate phoenix for home,red brick ranch style home homes exterior paint colors for houses painted before.
rooms to go dining chair rooms to go dining tables inspirational side chair rooms to go outdoor furniture new page title rooms to dining room chair rail designs.
dining room with chair rail paint colors chairs for sale gauteng charming rooms go table sets and collection ideas,dining room chairs for sale in port elizabeth gray with chair rail rooms to go surprising covers ikea,dining room wallpaper with chair rail chairs casters awesome rooms go images sets home decor for sale in port elizabeth,dining room chair covers walmart rooms to go tables inspirational side swivel chairs with casters toronto,gray dining room with chair rail covers target argos counter height sets rustic table and,dining room chairs for sale south africa modern furniture ideas chair covers ikea the best rooms to go table sets image collections,dining room chairs with arms gray chair rail covers uk rooms go table sets tables also attractive,classic dining room furniture ideas rooms to go chairs elegant decorating photo at sets upholstered with casters,dining room furniture sets chairs for sale in port elizabeth chair covers canada rooms to go,round dining room sets tables for 6 black chairs with casters distressed furniture ideas and arms.
Subjecting hard a rookie university in anal sex with rather large penis poor blonde cries of pain bu
The new DAPsters Manager feature offers a one-click solution for downloading fro...DAP10 is the fastest free download manager. Download now
Image-Line have developed FL Studio for over 12 years now and we know music soft...free Updates. Everything you need in one package to compose, arrange, record, e... Download now
Full Video Converter free has the capabilities to convert all popular video formats from HD to HD, HD to SD and SD to SD, transform between audio formats, extra... Download now
All downloaded versions of our free version exceed the sum of all downloads of c...Because it does not use much of the CPU processing resources for multimedia play... Download now
UMPlayer is an advanced yet simple to use open-source cross-platform multimedia ... free and Open Source The UMPlayer project is the product of volunteer work of p... Download now
free CUDA Video Converter has the capabilities to convert all popular video formats from HD to HD, HD to SD and SD to SD, transform between audio formats, extra... Download now
Yahoo Messenger is a free service that allows you to see when friends come online and to send them instant messages. It also can alert you to new e-mail in your... Download now
Whether you want to access your media files from the comfort of your living room, or complete digital media projects on your PC, Nero 7 Ultra Edition is all you... Download now
Furthermore, you can easily set up the web interface for uTorrent, which allows you to check your torrents from any PC connected to the internet. All you need i... Download now
Speed up your PC performance, free from software flaws. Discover & Learn software inspirations, and useful skills, tips, tricks, knowledge. Share your opinions. Download now
plus free shipping. Click Here! Adobe® Acrobat® X software helps you creat...Do even more with Acrobat X Suite, a value-packed offering of six tools for crea... Download now
Military law introduces offences not recognised by civilian courts, such as absence without leave (AWOL), desertion, political acts, malingering, behaving disrespectfully, and disobedience (see, for example, Offences against military law in the United Kingdom).[23] Penalties range from a summary reprimand to imprisonment for several years following a court martial.[23] Certain fundamental rights are also restricted or suspended, including the freedom of association (e.g. union organizing) and freedom of speech (speaking to the media).[23] Military personnel in some countries have a right of conscientious objection if they believe an order is immoral or unlawful, or cannot in good conscience carry it out.
The United States has the world's largest military budget. In the fiscal year 2016, $580.3 billion in funding were enacted for the DoD and for "Overseas Contingency Operations" in the War on Terrorism.[4] Outside of direct DoD spending, the United States spends another $218 to $262 billion each year on other defense-related programs, such as Veterans Affairs, Homeland Security, nuclear weapons maintenance and DoD.
Arguably, the greatest invention that affected not just the military, but all society, after adoption of fire, was the wheel, and its use in the construction of the chariot. There were no advances in military technology, until, from the mechanical arm action of a slinger, the Greeks, Egyptians, Romans, Persians, Chinese, etc., development the siege engines. The bow was manufactured in increasingly larger and more powerful versions, to increase both the weapon range, and armour penetration performance. These developed into the powerful composite and recurve bows, and crossbows of Ancient China. These proved particularly useful during the rise of cavalry, as horsemen encased in ever-more sophisticated armour came to dominate the battlefield.
Military strategy is the management of forces in wars and military campaigns by a commander-in-chief, employing large military forces, either national and allied as a whole, or the component elements of armies, navies and air forces; such as army groups, naval fleets, and large numbers of aircraft. Military strategy is a long-term projection of belligerents' policy, with a broad view of outcome implications, including outside the concerns of military command. Military strategy is more concerned with the supply of war and planning, than management of field forces and combat between them. The scope of strategic military planning can span weeks, but is more often months or even years.[31]
I don’t mean just being present. I’m talking about large-scale military deployments — the sort that would be necessary to respond to North Korean or Iranian aggression, or to fight alongside our NATO allies should one of them invoke Article 5. The threat of an overwhelming American force is the deterrent that keeps many of our foes from pushing the envelope as far as they’d like.
In broad usage, the terms "armed forces" and "military" are often treated as synonymous, although in technical usage a distinction is sometimes made in which a country's armed forces may include both its military and other paramilitary forces. Armed force is the use of armed forces to achieve political objectives. There are various forms of irregular military forces, not belonging to a recognized state; though they share many attributes with regular military forces, they are less often referred to as simply "military".
A military or an armed force is a professional organization formally authorized by a sovereign state to use lethal or deadly force and weapons to support the interests of the state. It typically consists of branches such as an Army, Navy, Air Force, and in certain countries the Marines and Coast Guard. The task of the military is usually defined as defense of the state, and its citizens, and the prosecution of war against another state. The military may also have additional sanctioned and non-sanctioned functions within a society, including, the promotion of a political agenda, protecting corporate economic interests, internal population control, construction, emergency services, social ceremonies, and guarding important areas. The military may also function as a discrete subculture within a larger civil society, through the development of separate infrastructures, which may include housing, schools, utilities, logistics, health and medical, law, food production, finance and banking.
Taken together, this shortage of ships and qualified mariners is “threaten[ing] our ability to meet national security requirements,” as the outgoing U.S. Transportation Command commander, Gen. Darren McDew, told the Senate Armed Services Committee. Our enemies know that, as capable as our military is, it is a paper tiger if it can’t get to the battlefield on time. The deterrent capability of our military is weakened by our inability to deploy combat-ready forces quickly.
Additionally, many ASVAB practice tests have a section explaining the answer choices. It can be tempting to read the explanation and think that you now have a good understanding of the concept. However, an explanation likely only covers part of the question’s broader context. Even if the explanation makes sense, go back and investigate every concept related to the question until you’re positive you have a thorough understanding.
As of 2017, the U.S. spends about US$610 billion annually to fund its military forces and Overseas Contingency Operations.[4] Put together, the U.S. constitutes roughly 40 percent of the world's military expenditures. The U.S. Armed Forces has significant capabilities in both defense and power projection due to its large budget, resulting in advanced and powerful technologies which enables a widespread deployment of the force around the world, including around 800 military bases outside the United States.[10] The U.S. Air Force is the world's largest air force, the U.S. Navy is the world's largest navy by tonnage, and the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps combined are the world's second largest air arm. In terms of size, the U.S. Coast Guard is the world's 12th largest naval force.[11] [12][13]
The results of each test are shown as soon as you complete it. You’ll see what you got right and how it compares to other people who took the same test. Feedback is also visual, showing your percentile and success on each question compared to others. The answers to each ASVAB practice test question are explained as well. The free ASVAB example questions are both tools for learning and for comparing your results to your own previous attempts, and to the scores of your classmates and peers. You can use the scores as a baseline and to identify your weaknesses. With this information, it becomes easier to focus your study time and effort on areas that need improvement.
The development of breech loading had the greatest effect on naval warfare, for the first time since the Middle Ages, altering the way weapons are mounted on warships, and therefore naval tactics, now divorced from the reliance on sails with the invention of the internal combustion. A further advance in military naval technology was the design of the submarine, and its weapon, the torpedo.
Jump up ^ The United States Coast Guard has both military and law enforcement functions. Title 14 of the United States Code provides that "The Coast Guard as established 28 January 1915, shall be a military service and a branch of the armed forces of the United States at all times." Coast Guard units, or ships of its predecessor service, the Revenue Cutter Service, have seen combat in every war and armed conflict of the United States since 1790, including the Iraq War.
Development of military doctrine is perhaps the more important of all capability development activities, because it determines how military forces were, and are used in conflicts, the concepts and methods used by the command to employ appropriately military skilled, armed and equipped personnel in achievement of the tangible goals and objectives of the war, campaign, battle, engagement, action or a duel.[31] The line between strategy and tactics is not easily blurred, although deciding which is being discussed had sometimes been a matter of personal judgement by some commentators, and military historians. The use of forces at the level of organisation between strategic and tactical is called operational mobility.
interracial dating in texas shemal dating transgender toronto dating teen girl has sex with teacher dating sites free chat sex free porn video download
sex meeting apps adult dating girls disadvantages of sex education in school dating sites for couples uk xxx sex contacts women seeking women dating
japanese bbw threesome hd fisting porn dating trannys masturbation meetup white singles looking for black singles what is the best dating app
girl on sex men masturbation techniques make your menstruation end sooner how to meet czech women first anal on film older gay chat
top beautiful shemales what to say when having sex fetish dating uk fat women orgy interracial dating in switzerland older galleries
cuckold forced eat cum free porn games meet and fuck pages lady profile preview college gay porn videos why do people use dating apps hot teens shirtless
pussy fingering and licking interracial dating montreal online sex video app signs a younger woman is attracted to an older man wild meet dating adult sex chatroom
extreme milf lesbians super hot milf teacher most popular dating meet people online free your area spy cam female masturbation revenge porn movies
dating big chested women big tit dating sites rough nasty lesbians dating sites for under completely free cougar dating site meet horny singles
best place to meet milfs cougar dating website reviews shemale ts dating online dating statistics uk amateur blowjob casting best online dating sites for young people
mature public tumblr porn site full confident with curves dating free shemale date sites meet horny black women sugar girls dating
meet gay people near me proon pic skout dating singles network girls threesomes real sex meet older lesbian dating
oily porn movies sex vacation destinations for singles anal creampie eating orgy smoking fetish dating sites top gay dating websites do dating apps work
the best dating sites for women virtual sex nude how about we dating site little white chicks and big black dicks mature sex contacts free bbw granny tube
casual sex party good dating sites uk porno blonde milf lesbian dating montreal online sex dating game can women have casual sex
best adult dating sites a website for teenage dating free adult sex dates mature women for fucking fetish dating friends dating chat
teen boy se free cuckold personals is it bad to have sex on the first date tumblr gay facial video shemale ejaculation gifs meet people to have sex with
too dating meet curvy women russian brides online dating site hindi sex story books sex girl meet how to meet fat girls
fuck teen at home does having sex on the first date ruin a relationship brazilian pussy up close black american guys dating site gay hairy cum eating gay gangbag
wife cheating sex porn the milf dating club latina sex scene eye contact during sex meet gay guys near you dating website for chubby guys
best hidden cam porn san antonio casual best interracial dating sites for black men interracial dating sites 100 free whats the best free dating app female to female dating site
meet mature women uk best quality lesbian porn legitimate ukrainian dating sites how to meet girls on snapchat best online dating sites for black women popular sex dating sites
phone dating uk anal fetish dating how can make my boobs big happy endings for ladies granny and bbc porn dating games
handjob in public places meet people and have sex dating a teenager in your thirties bi women dating new video 3gp hot black anal fuck
website pornstar gay milking video best app to meet people near you 50 and single dating ass rape bondage hart hot sex
best adult dating cought on camera having sex best dating apps new city meet chinese girls fat dick blowjob ebony squirting porn pics
young lesbian dating sites meet and f games newgrounds free bbw chat lines is masturbating good for you female arm fetish interracial sex date
sex contact images hairy naked girls granny sex meet anal sex is it safe woman has sex with teen league of legends lesbian porn
best apps to meet singles making yourself squirt date nearby asian men who date black women reddit casual sex xxx date com
freepornsextube free porn with black woman meet and fuck for mobile fisher big boobs teen paid for sex in public how to fuck longer
naked dating big dick current dating site in europe teens with huge natural boobs you tube sex sounds dating sites like bumble gay cock porn tumblr
A New York Times bestseller—the outrageous exploits of one of this century's greatest scientific minds and a legendary American original.Richard Feynman, winner of the Nobel Prize in physics, thrived on outrageous adventures. Here he recounts in his inimitable voice his experience trading ideas on atomic physics with Einstein and Bohr and ideas on gambling with Nick the Gr...
This book was a pure delight. The subtitle "Adventures of a Curious Character" is spot-on. Feynman gave an amazingly human and honest view into his philosophy and take on life, thought a series of stories.
One thing that struck me most deeply was his passion for learning new things. You would think a world-famous Physicist would just be passionate for Physics - but Feynman was curious about everything he saw. He dabbled in art and was successful enough to have a show, he joined a Brazilian Bongo
One thing that struck me most deeply was his passion for learning new things. You would think a world-famous Physicist would just be passionate for Physics - but Feynman was curious about everything he saw. He dabbled in art and was successful enough to have a show, he joined a Brazilian Bongo group and competed with them, he hung out in Vegas until he grokked gambling, he spent time in strip bars in Arizona until he figured out how to pick up women, he cracked safes in Los Alamos for fun - the list goes on! My take: you should have your passions - but you should also have your hobbies. I think I need a new hobby :)
I really enjoyed his lessons learned from observing the Brazilian educational system. He noted that many of the students were simply memorizing words and formulas and had no understanding of the concepts they applied to. I think this is not a unique problem in education.
Another lesson learned from Feynman's studies of science is to never take any data for granted. Always always question the sources. Whenever Feynman did an experiment he would re-generate many of the numbers on his own - even if they had been published in other places. For many things we are (and not just in science) standing on the shoulders of giants. The easiest way to be led astray is if those results were never right to begin with.
I think Feynman was in his heart a true educator and scientist, with real integrity. And I think it drove him nuts how many important decisions are made using unscientific principles. This book was a light-hearted attempt to point that out - not to mention, a very entertaining read.
Feynman is a physicist who taught at Cornell and Princeton, worked on the Manhattan Project and won the Nobel Prize. He's also a complete hoot. The book is a series of autobiographical stories -- pranks pulled as a student at MIT and at Los Alamos, teaching himself to paint, scientific discoveries he made, his three marriages, how he was rejected by the draft board for being mentally suspect (they asked him if he ever heard voices and he said yes he did and then went on to describe what he found
Feynman is a physicist who taught at Cornell and Princeton, worked on the Manhattan Project and won the Nobel Prize. He's also a complete hoot. The book is a series of autobiographical stories -- pranks pulled as a student at MIT and at Los Alamos, teaching himself to paint, scientific discoveries he made, his three marriages, how he was rejected by the draft board for being mentally suspect (they asked him if he ever heard voices and he said yes he did and then went on to describe what he found interesting about that. He said that sometimes when falling in and out of sleep he'd imagine conversations with his foreign-born colleagues and the voices in his head spoke accurately with their accents -- but that if he tried to imitate such accents he could not do so at all. So how was it that one part of his brain had captured accents correctly but another hadn't? This was entirely typical of Feynman's wide ranging curiosity and intelligence, but the end result in this case was that the psychologists decided he was nuts. His colleagues at Cornell were vastly amused by this.)
What I love about Feynman -- first of all, his great interest in everything and his willingness to experiment. The great joy he found in working things through (he said that the reason he'd never tried drugs, though he was tempted, was that he enjoyed thinking too much and didn't want to risk that.) Also, he's clearly so very intelligent and reading his book, his thoughts seem so easy to follow -- it makes the world of science seem accessible.
Everyone has a collection of favorite stories that they enjoy telling; but it's unusual for the stories to be so good that a friend insists on writing them down, so that other people can appreciate them too. When I read this book, I almost feel that Feynman's telling the stories himself. Well, when that happens in real life, you always want to join in; here's my personal best effort at a Feynman-type anecdote. I hope it's now far enough in the past that the people concerned will see the funny si
Everyone has a collection of favorite stories that they enjoy telling; but it's unusual for the stories to be so good that a friend insists on writing them down, so that other people can appreciate them too. When I read this book, I almost feel that Feynman's telling the stories himself. Well, when that happens in real life, you always want to join in; here's my personal best effort at a Feynman-type anecdote. I hope it's now far enough in the past that the people concerned will see the funny side, if they happen to stumble across this page by accident!
It was early 2000, and I had just started working at NASA Ames Research Center in California. I was part of this little group that was supposed to be developing spoken language dialogue systems for space applications. The guy whose idea it was had started up the group, recruited me and two other people, and then left to join Microsoft Research before I'd even arrived. So everyone was looking at us suspiciously. Why did NASA need software that you could talk to?
I can usually tell when I’m going to give a book 5 stars by one sign: I can’t shut up about it. Well, I couldn’t and can’t shut up about this book; it was simply great. This greatness sort of snuck up on me. I’d recently read a collection of anecdotes by a scientist (
) and found it rather disappointing. Plus, the whole idea of reading a book of stories about a great physicist, without learning any actual physics, seemed silly. But my skepticism had withered away by the end of the first chapter; I was entranced by the man, absolutely fascinated, and remained so the whole time.
The subtitle of this book is perfect, because the two meanings of the word “curious” converge to encapsulate Feynman: he was curious in the sense of being odd, as well as curious in his love of learning. I was trying to figure out a way to describe Feynman’s personality, and this is the best I’ve come up with: Feynman is Huck Finn grown up to become a physicist. The qualities that make Mark Twain’s most famous character so endearing are also the qualities that endear Feynman to me: mischievousness, curiosity, cleverness, honesty, naiveté, friendliness, frankness, and an uncompromising moral principle. Like Huck, Feynman is always getting himself into absurd situations, and getting out of them with pure quickness of mind; like Huck, Feynman likes to fool other people and play tricks, but all without a hint of malice; and like Huck, Feynman will stick his neck out for what he feels is right.
There are some hilarious stories in here, which I won’t spoil. But what was more impressive to me was the amount of serious thought that could be found. Feynman’s criticism of the Brazilian school system—which relied overmuch on memorization by rote, and concentrated overmuch on passing tests, instead of teaching students how to make sense of the world around them—applies equally well to many aspects of the current U.S. school system. Equally relevant was Feynman’s chapter on the time he served on the board that oversaw the evaluation of math textbooks for the California school system; it was a Kafkaesque farce. But by far the most consistent intellectual theme that went through these reflections was an absolute distrust of pretension, reputation, convention, snobbery, prestige, and authority.
In my own life, one of the most interesting, and also most difficult, lessons that I’ve had to learn is that people are not nearly as competent as they’d like you to believe. When I was a kid, I had a lot of faith in all sorts of things. I thought that if an ‘expert’ said something, it must be true; I assumed that there was a particular ‘expert’ in every type of activity, be it business or science, to ensure that things ran the way they were supposed to. In short, I had the comforting illusion that very smart people in very white lab coats were behind the scenes, ensuring that things ran smoothly. The world certainly cooperated with this illusion for a while (after all, that’s the whole basis of advertising); but it wasn’t long after meeting people in the ‘real world’ that this illusion imploded: the world is run by people underqualified and overconfident.
I include this bit about myself because I don’t think I would have reacted so emotionally to this rather lighthearted book were it not that I had that experience. In a way, a distrust of all authority is Feynman’s central social message. He is constantly running into ‘experts’ who haven’t the slightest idea what they’re talking about. He goes to academic conferences full of pretentious windbags; he trusts the results of other people’s experiments, and later finds that they were seriously flawed.
So any time somebody makes a claim, he decides to test it out for himself; and the few times he doesn’t do this, he gets into trouble. This realization, that most people are inclined to trust claims from authority, is integral to his almost supernatural ability to navigate unfamiliar situations; Feynman is so easily able to bluff his way through because people take his word for things. So this central insight—to always check for youself—is both the heart of his scientific attitude, as well as his way of effortlessly gliding through the world. His ability to crack safes, for example, wasn’t due to his knowing a lot about safes, but simply realizing that most people used their safes foolishly, not resetting the factory combination or setting it to something obvious. Most of us assume that we couldn’t figure out how to crack a safe; but Feynman did what he always did, and saw for himself whether he could: and he could!
I honestly wish that this book was three times its length. Now, I must know more about Feynman. My favorite saints are the ones who would hate to be worshiped, and Feynman certainly would think this glowing review was nonsense. Well, perhaps it is; but the only way you’ll know for sure is by reading this book, and checking for yourself.
The title of this collection comes from a tale that took place early in Feynman's career where he was invited for an afternoon tea with the dean of his university. The dean's wife is serving and asks him the above question. Richard never drinks tea an
The title of this collection comes from a tale that took place early in Feynman's career where he was invited for an afternoon tea with the dean of his university. The dean's wife is serving and asks him the above question. Richard never drinks tea and never moves in the same society that does, little own the society that has lemon OR cream with it.
A big theme of these stories and indeed a running theme in Feynman's life is that he had no time for formalisms, rituals or societal views. He does attribute a lot of this to his upbringing. His father was a uniform maker and often dealt with clients of all types of notoriety and he knew that underneath all those uniforms were just another naked ape. He passed on his views to his children and Richard went so far as to nearly not accept his Nobel Prize. To him it was another form of bullshit and that his reward had already been awarded with other scientists using his findings.
It's no argument that Feynman was a brilliant physicist, but he also had many interests. And a great proportion of these stories are about these interests or how his interests intersected with his physics work. There is only one story in this collection that is technical in any way. The collection reads as if you had somehow run into Feynman in a seedy bar in 1960s Vegas (there's a story about this time) waiting for a showgirl to finish work. He is a great orator and the origins of these stories are that they were recorded and transcribed by Ralph Leighton, a drumming pal of Richard's. Yes, Feynman played the bongos.
So while you have this brilliant man, in some ways ahead of his time in the ways that he thought and how he acted, there ares some hints that he is a man of his time. Reading these stories you come to realise that Feynman was quite the womaniser. He appreciated the female form in a socially acceptable way for the time that he lived in. And so when someone from the twenty-first century reads this book he can come across as a bit sleazy. I am not going to defend his attitudes nor am I going to condone them. Personally I found nothing overtly offensive about his actions or his attitudes. But I can imagine my partner reading this and sighing at several statements made by him.
The book covers times in his childhood right up until late in life. There is a nice large chapter on his time at Los Alamos working on the Manhattan Project. There are also stories about his time in Brazil and Japan and his love for immersing himself in a different way of life. There are also a couple of great chapters on education; one about the standard of students he sees while in Brazil and the other concerning a time when he was asked to be on a panel to decide high school texts for his school region.
I'd recommend this read to most people. It is extremely accessible, with little jargon or technical physics. It talks more on his philosophy of living, learning and how to deal with the world around you. He is definitely a great orator and that is why his legacy lives on. This book remains a popular seller in the general sciences and recordings of his lectures and interviews are popular on youtube. It's great to know that we still have so much of him around.
. Parents could pique the interest of the child very early and could give him real answers if he asks why aga
. Parents could pique the interest of the child very early and could give him real answers if he asks why again and again.
. You rarely have a chance to meet pedagogues who can help you fall in love with learning and set the fire of science in you, as Feynman did.
This book is not only interesting for physicists and scientists, but also for parents and pedagogues who want to inspire their children, students to have a better life. Elon Musk (founder of Tesla)
. Where children have a chance to understand the thing work around us, understand the “whys”, and continuously maintain the interest of the students.
, even if these seems to be terrifying at the first time as a parent. If you encourage your child to question anybody, you will be also questioned. If you encourage your child, not to defer to different orders, it questions basic societal values of many people and they can be stigmatized being unrespectful.
But I think, you will only show a path for your child, which even can lead to the Nobel-prize, but to a happier, more interesting life. And now I am surely not joking.
Hadn't thought a Nobel pprize-winning physicist could be so fun loving & down-to-earth. He was a man ahead of his time when it came to many things -- & of his time when it came to his ideas about 'pretty girls' (as he calls women). The audiobook reader did a great job, but what a shame Feynman didn't read it himself before he passed on...
for awhile. This one seemed the most fun and easiest place to start. I was driving from Taos/Santa Fe back to Phoenix last week and as I d
for awhile. This one seemed the most fun and easiest place to start. I was driving from Taos/Santa Fe back to Phoenix last week and as I drove past Los Alamos, it was just the particle collision in my brain I needed to start on Feynman.
Often, memoirs are hard to read because you know a bunch of it is façade. A person is showing you a part of them for a purpose. They want to be viewed as smart, important, funny, etc. They carefully guide you through a Potemkin village of their life. Richard Feynman's memoir is different. Not that I don't think Feynman had an ego. He might have even had an agenda with the book. But, for the most part, he seemed much more interested in the stories he wanted to tell, rather than on how they would make him look. He wasn't all that worried about how he looked so much. His entire life was built around doing what he wanted, exploring what he found interesting, violating taboos, beating his own drums and cutting his own path.
He was a Nobel-prize winning polymath physicist whose other talents included playing drums, teaching, drawing naked girls, picking locks, making atomic bombs, practical jokes, and telling stories. He wasn't interested in the usual trappings of success. Many of those things annoyed him. He was curious. He was a risk-taker. He was a genius.
This book of anecdotes is written in a very casual, fun way that makes it easy to read. The problem is that the author, Nobel-Prize-winning physicist Dick Feynman, is annoying. All the anecdotes involve him discovering a hidden talent, using it, delighting others (or himself if that's his real goal) and then being applauded for it (sometimes only by himself). For example, he discovers that he's a great artist, musician, safecracker, and critic. Everything revolves around him showing off and bein
This book of anecdotes is written in a very casual, fun way that makes it easy to read. The problem is that the author, Nobel-Prize-winning physicist Dick Feynman, is annoying. All the anecdotes involve him discovering a hidden talent, using it, delighting others (or himself if that's his real goal) and then being applauded for it (sometimes only by himself). For example, he discovers that he's a great artist, musician, safecracker, and critic. Everything revolves around him showing off and being somewhat of a jerk. There were many times when I thought, yeah buddy, *you* think it's funny but no one else does. A few stories like this and it's quirky but piled on top of each other, it's annoying.
I can't really recommend this book. Maybe mischevious self-aggrandizing guys would enjoy it but otherwise, I suggest a pass.
Experience all the content you could possibly want from comprehensive library of timeless classics and new releases.
We value your privacy. We will not sell or rent your email address to third parties. See our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy for more details.
Best Free Books is in no way intended to support illegal activity. Use it at your risk. We uses Search API to find books/manuals but doesn´t host any files. All document files are the property of their respective owners. Please respect the publisher and the author for their copyrighted creations. If you find documents that should not be here please report them
A New York Times bestseller—the outrageous exploits of one of this century's greatest scientific minds and a legendary American original.Richard Feynman, winner of the Nobel Prize in physics, thrived on outrageous adventures. Here he recounts in his inimitable voice his experience trading ideas on atomic physics with Einstein and Bohr and ideas on gambling with Nick the Gr......
Lemongrass isfreshly uplifting, soothing and deodorizing. The organic ground oatmealgently sloughsold skin away leaving …
Archives Select Month April 2018 March 2018 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 July 2015 June 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 May 2008 April 2008 October 2007 September 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007
Categories Select Category AHA AHA Fast Take Friday Blog Blogging Brand Journalism Communications Guest Blog Post Interesting Internal Communications Issues and Crisis Leadership Marketing Communications Media Coverage Media Relations Newsroom Online Communications Public Relations Reputation Social Media The Worldwide Connection Things That Make You Go hmmm… Tourism Blog Posts Uncategorized Vancouver PR Agency What Were They Thinking?
Filming for her hot NEW talk show! Attend as an audience member to enjoy live interviews & performances of Poets/Spoken-word Artists, Entrepreneurs and Game-Changers from all walks of life. We can’t wait to see you; however, space is limited. If you’re interested in watching us live, please RSVP via the contact form and await confirmation. For consideration to be in the line up, please complete the submission request form. In the meantime… if you have any questions or comments for Ahavah or her guests, be sure to send your tweets to @ahavahmaure and we’ll try to address them before the end of that segment.
Season 3 of Mics Uncut will film on Wednesdays from May 2nd-May 30th; 4-8 P.M. (CT). RSVP required to attend the filming. Send inquiries to Ahavah Mauré and await confirmation. Thank you!
Filming is at George Washington Carver Community Center 710 W Percy Baker Jr Ave, Peoria, IL 61605. (309) 839-0722
Mics Uncut lives up to its name in S1E4 with this controversial interview with Peoria native, Rich P Evolon; Rapper and regarded Activist. Rich P shares his motivations to live as oppose to just existing and how he utilized rap to secure better opportunities and escape criminality. He further shares his desires to uplift and unite people with his music via education and accountability of the elite which is further discussed and unapologetically articulated on, Lovable, a hard-hitting track from his latest album, Trap Hop. No question is off limits as Ahavah Mauré takes a closer look at the messages in Rich P’s music regarding acculturation, racism, and exploitation of the marginalized from a black man’s perspective in America.
The Mujaddid reminds that problems and disasters sent upon the beloved ones are atonements for their sins and that it is necessary to ask earnestly for forgiveness and good health during such times of difficulty.
“May Allahu ta’ala make you safe against unbecoming things! The coming of disasters and troubles upon the beloved is an atonement for the forgiveness of their sins. Begging, weeping, taking refuge, and with a broken heart, you should ask for forgiveness and good health from Allahu ta’ala. Until it is understood that the prayer has been accepted and the fitna has come to an end, you should pray so. Your friends and those who wish goodness for you are praying for you, yet it is better for the aggrieved person himself to supplicate. To take medicine and diet are necessary for the sick person himself. What others will do, at the very most, is to help him. To tell the truth, everything coming from the Beloved should be encountered with smiles, with pleasure. Everything coming from there should be found sweet. The Beloved’s treating harshly and humiliating should be like a kindness, a gift, an exalting. In fact, they should be sweeter than such desires of one’s own nafs. If a lover is not so, his love will be incomplete. In fact, his saying that he loves will be a lie. Your highness, protector of the Shariat, upon coming back from the service, write about the happenings during the journey and the hardships your company have encountered. The Fatiha was recited for your safety and good health.
O our Allah! Do not call us to account for what we have forgotten or what we have done by mistake! Do not burden us with difficult jobs as You did past ummats. Do not command us to do what we cannot do. Forgive us! Pity us! Thou art our Owner! Help us so that we can overcome our enemies! Subhana Rabbika Rabbi’l-izzati amma yasifun wa salamun alalmursalin walhamdu- lillahi Rabbil ‘alamin. Wassalam.”
Archives Select Month June 2018 (3) December 2016 (4) March 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) December 2015 (2) October 2015 (3) July 2015 (1) May 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (4) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (11) February 2014 (7) January 2014 (11) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (8) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (2) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) September 2012 (7)
May Allah accept this noble effort of ours, make it a means of guidance for the Ummah and keep us steadfast on the straight path. Ameen.
Allah-Ta’aala has taken oath of the night in Suratul-Fajr of the Quraan. Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) has said: ”There is no better time to perform Ibaadat (devotion) of Allah Ta’aala than on the (first) ten days of Zul Hijjah. A day’s Saum (fasting) in it, equals the Saum (fasting) of a year, and a night’s Ibaadah in it, equals the lbaadah of Laylatul Qadr”. (Tirmizi-Ibn Majah).
Hazrat Abu Oatadah al-Ansari (R.A.) relates that Rasulullah (SAW) was asked about Saum (fast) on the day of Arafah (9th ZuI Hijjah). He said: “It compensates for the minor sins of the past year and coming year”.
The 9th day of the month of Zil-Haj is called Yowm-e-Arafah, If Yowm-e­ Arafah is observed in Saudi Arabia on Friday and in South Africa on Saturday. South African Muslims must treat Saturday as Yowm-e­ Arafah. Muslims are to calculate according to the Lunar dates of their own country. It is haraam to fast on (1) Eid·ul-Fitr; (2) Eid-ul-Adha and 3 days after Eid-ul-Adha.
It Is related that Rasulullah (SAW) said: “Whoever stays awake and makes lbaadat on the nights of Eidul Fitr and Eidul Adha, his heart will not die on the day when all hearts will be dead”. (Targheeb).
Hazrat Muaaz ibn Jabal (RA) relates that Rasulullah (SAW) said: “Jannat is Wajib for those who stay awake with the intention of making Ibaadat on the following nights; 8th 9th and 10th of Zul Hijjah, the night of Eidul Fitr and the night of the Shabaan”. (Targheeb).
Read aloud the Takbeeraat on the way to the place of prayer. Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar, La-ilaha-illalahu wallahu Akbar Allahu Akbar walilahil hamd
After the Muslims. have stood in the rows, The Imaam commences the Namaaz with the.”TAKBEER ULLA”, (ALLAHU AKBAR), in response to which all raise their hands up to the lobe of the ears and then fold their arms, thereafter reciting, the Sana (SUBHANA KALLA HUMMA WA BI HAMDIKA WA TA BARAKA A’SMOKA WA TA’AALA JADDUKA WA LA ILAHA GHAIROKA). The lmaam then recites loudly the three Takbeer lifting and dropping the hands after the first two and folding the arms after the third Takbeer. The Imaam then continues to recite the Sura Fatiha and another Sura and then the Ruku and the Sijdas, thus completing the first Rakaat of the Narnaaz, after which he rises up completing the second Rakaat. In the second Rakaat, the three Takbeers are not recited before the Sura Fatiha and the Sura but the Imaam just recites loudly the last three remainingTakbeers before the Ruku. The followers in response to which all raise their hands to the lobes of the ears as in the first Rakaat and lower them to their sides. The Imaam then reads the fourth Takbeer after at which the Ruku is performed followed by the Sijdas and Salaams, thus completing the two Rakaats Namaaz.
Immediately after the completion of the two Rakaats Namaaz only the Imaam rises up and recites the two Khutbas (Sermons). It is essential that every Muslim should listen to the Khutbas attentetively (Wajib).
Hazrat Ayesha (RA) narrates that Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) said: “There is nothing dearer to Allah during the days of Ourbani than the sacrificing of animals. The sacrificed animal shall come on the day Qiyamah with its horns, hair and hoofs. The blood of the sacrificed animal is accepted by Allah before it reaches the ground. Therefore sacrifice with an open heart”
Hazrat Zaid bin Arquam (RA) relates that the companions of Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) asked: “0 Messenger of Allah! What is Qurbani?” He replied; “It is the Sunnah of your father Abraham”, They asked again: “What benefit do we derive from it?” He answered: “A reward for every hair of the sacrificed animals”. “And what about the wool?” “A reward,” he said, “for every fibre of the wool”.
Therefore a Muslim upon whom Qurbani is compulsory should under no circumstances lose this golden opportunity of gaining such innumerable rewards from hIs Creator, the Almighty Allah.
The importance of the Qurbani may be understood from the following statement of Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam): “He who does not make the Qurbani inspite of having the means to offer it, should not attend our Musallaa”. The Musallaa or Eid Gah is the vacant ground on the outskirts of the town where the Eid Salaat is performed. This Hadith does not prohibit the culprit from going to the Musallaa and performing the Eid Salaat. In fact it is necessary for him to perform the Eid Salaat even if he has wilfully neglected this great ibaadat of Qurbani.
Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam), in this Hadith rather emphasises the importance of the Ourbani and the evil of deliberately ommitting it. One who wilfully ignores the performance of the Qurbani is like one who has dissociated himself from the general body of the Ummah, hence Nabie-Kareem (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) criticizes him so severely to jolt him into realising the evil of his neglect.
Every person, male or female, upon whom Sadaqatul-Fitr is Wajib. Qurbani is also Wajib, but if one sacrifices an animal, without it being compulsory on him, one gains the same reward as mentioned above
No person Is permitted to sacrifice on behalf of his wife or parents who are alive, without first obtaining their permission to do so
If a person sacrifices an animal in which seven shares are allowed (cows, etc.) and if he has his own share in that animal, and also a share for any of the above persons without first obtaining their consent, then the whole sacrifice becomes invalid
Qurbani can be made on behalf of Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) the Sahaabah, parents, relatives and friends who have passed away. Qurbani is permissible on behalf of any Muslim who has died. Those whom Allah Taata has blessed with sufficient wealth should utilise this great opportunity of Qurbani to sacrifice animals on behalf of their dead who are always waiting anxiously and in expectant of thawaab from their relatives who still have the opportunity of earthly life. Qurbani on behalf of a living person is not valid without the permission of the person concerned.
Qurbani is not Wajib (compulsory) on the musaalfir (one who has undertaken a journey of 81 km or more). However this does not mean that the musaafir should refrain from making Qurbani even if they have the means and is able to procure an animal for the purpose. Ourbani is an ibaadat of tremendous importance. The thawaab for this noble act of sacrifice is truly great. No one concious of the Aakhirah and in want of thawaab will unnecessarily cast aside this great act of ibaadat. The musaafir should, therefore, not be neglected of this great act of sacrifice.
According to the Haith Shareef, Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) even while on journey made the Qurbani. Hadhrat Abdullah Bin Abbas (RA) narrated that on one journey a group of Sahaabah in the company of Rasulullah (Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam) made Qurbani while they were in Safr (travelling). They sacrificed a cow on behalf of seven persons.
These are the animals that can be sacrificed: Both male and female goats, sheep, buffaloes and camels. Also oxen and cows. No other animals is permitted. Up to seven people can become share-holders in a single cow, buffalo or a camel, providing that: (a) no share is less than a seventh part and (b) the intention of every share-holder is either Qurbani or Aquiqua, and not mere partaking of the meat. If the share-holders are less than seven, then too, no one should be a partner in less than a seventh part. 12. AGES OF ANIMALS Sheep and goats should not be less than a year old (but a very healthy sheep or ram over six months old may be used for sacrifice also). Cows and buffaloes not less than two years and camels not less than five years old.
The under-mentioned animals are not permissible for Qurbani: (a) Blind. (b) One-eyed. (c) One that has lost a third or more eye-sight of one eye. (d) An animal whose one third or more than one third ear or tail is cut off. (e) A lame animal which walks with only three legs and is unable to place its fourth foot on the ground, or places it on the ground but is unable to walk with it but if it can walk with it although it may be lame, then such an animal is permissible for Qurbani. (f) A tooth-less animal, but if only a few teeth have fallen off then it is permissible. (g) An animal born without ears, but an animal with very small ears is permissible. (h) A horn less animal or one with broken horns is also permissible, but if the horn is broken off right from the root, then such an animal is not permissible. A castrated animal is permissible. This type of goat is preferable. If an animal becomes disqualified after it has been bought, it should be replaced, but if the owner is a poor man, upon whom Qurbani is not compulsory, then he may sacrifice the same animal. Sacrifice is permissible in day time as well as in the night, but it is not advisable at night, lest a vein may not be well cut, thus rendering Qurbani unlawful. It is better to slaughter the animal yourself. If you are unable to do so, then it is better to be present infront of the animal. It is essential to utter the words of the Niyat and Duaa before slaughtering. It is quite in order to slaughter while uttering the word BISMILLAHI ALLAHU AKBAR and thinking in his heart that he is slaughtering. It is mustahab to buy the animal in advance, feed it, attend to it, look after it and then sacrifice it. It is related of Hazrat Shaikhul Hind -MOULANA MAHMOODUL HASAN may Allah Ta’alah enlighten his resting place and fill it with noor (light), (who was the first student of Darul Uloom Deoband and later became the Shaikul Hadith), that immediately after Eidul Adha he used to buy the animal for Qurbani for the following year, feed it himself and attend to it throughout the year. The animal used to become so deeply attached to Hazrat Moulana (RA) that it used to accompany him to the Darul Hadlth and then returned home with him.
On the day of Eid when making Qurbani of this animal Moulana used to cry, so did the other members of the family as they grew very attached to the animal.
Mas’alah: It is not permissible to milk an animal that has been selected for Qurbani, nor should its wool be sheared or hair be cut. If due to some necessity it was milked, then this should be given away as sadaqah. Likewise, if the hair or wool was cut, this should be given away as sadaqah.
Mas’alah: It is Mustahab to razor-sharpen the knife before slaughtering so that the animal will not suffer unduly. After slaughtering, the animal should not be skinned or cut up into pieces before it completely becomes cold. One animal should not be slaughtered in the presence of another animal.
In those habitations and towns where it is permissible to perform Jumu’ah, thoro is not permissible to perform the Ourbani before the Eid Salaat. If someone has performed this Ibaadah before the Eid Salaat it will have to be repeated. In those small villages where the Jornu’ah and Eidayn are not performed, the inhabitants of these places may perform Ourbani after Subh Saadiq (true dawn) on the tenth day (of Zul Hijjah). I n the case where for some reason the Eid Salaat could not be performed after the normal Eid Salaat time, it is permissible, but not preferable to perform Ourbani at night. (Shaami).
These days begin after Fajr on the 9th Zul-Hajj and end after Asr on the 13th Zul-Hajj. It is Wajib for every adult Muslim to recite the Takbirat of Tashriq audibly after every Fard Salaah which is performed with Jamat during this period (23 Salawath).
These are the Takbirs to be recited: Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La-ilaha illallahu wallahu Akbar Allahu Akbar walillahil Hamd. Translation: ‘Allah is Great, Allah is Great. There is no Deity besides Allah. And Allah is great. Allah is great and all praises belong to Him alone.
It is mustahab for those who say their prayers singly (men or women) and Musafirs (travellers) to recite these Takbir softly.
At time of Zabah the animal should be laid with its throat towards the Oibla. Before the Zabah, read: Inni wajahtu wajhiya lillahi fatarassamawati warlarda hanilow wamaan minal Mushrikin. Inna salati wansuki wamahyaya wam­mamati Lillahi Rabbil Alamin. Lasharikalahu wabidhalika umirtu minal muslimin Allahumma minka walaka.
After the Zabah is completed recite: ALLAHUMMA TAQABBALHU MINNI-KAMA TAQABBALTA MIN HABIBIKA MUHAMMADIN WA KHALI-LIKA IBRAHIMA ALAI HEMUSALATU WASSALAM.
If a person has not memorised the Dua, it is correct that he slaughter the animal with the Niyjat of Ourbani and the recital of ‘Bismillahi Allahu Akbar’. If a Muslim knows how to make Zabah properly it is Mustahab (desirable) that he make it with his own hand. If one is unable to do so, it is better to delegate the Zabah to another Muslim who knows the requirements of proper Islamic Zabah. A Muslim woman if she is capable should also make the Zabah herself. In any case it is desirable that the person for whom the Qurbani is being made should be present at the sacrifice. Do not sharpen the knife after the animal has been caught for sacrifice; all preparations should be made beforehand.
The meat of the animal to be shared by the partners and should be distributed by weight and not by estimation. If the actual weighing is not practicable due to some reason, and all the partners agree to distribute the meat without weighing, distribution by guess can be done with the condition that each share necessarily contains either a leg of the animal or some quantity of its liver. The Ourbani meat should be divided into three parts. One part should be kept for the the family, one for relatives and friends, and one for the poor and needy. One who has a large family could be given all the meat. It is Haraarn to sell the Qurbani meat.
The slaughterer, (skinner etc.) cannot be given the skin or meat in payment. A separate remuneration must be given one. There is no objection to giving the meat to needy non-muslims. One can keep all the meat, if one so desires.
The skin of the Qurbani animal could be kept for personal use, such as tanning the skin and using it as a Musallah (prayer mat), a water bag or something else. If it is sold, that amount cannot be used and it is Wajib to give away in sadaqah.
The Qurbani skin cannot be given in lieu of any services. An Imaam, Mu’azzin etc. cannot be given this in lieu of their services.
Qurbani is Sunnatul Muakkadah ala Kifaayah. l.e. if a few members in the community make the Qurbani, the duty will be discharged on behalf of the whole community. But, this does not mean that one should be negligent regarding the Qurbani. Whoever can afford it should not miss the opportunity of offering the sacrifice. According to Imam Shaffi (RA) it is Makrooh (reprehensible) for one who can afford the Qurbani, not to make it.
Once the intention is made to make the Qurbani, then it no longer remains Sunnats, but becomes compulsory. The Niyyat which will transform the Sunnat Qurbani into a compulsory sacrifice making the niyaat to the effect: “I intend this animal as a sacrifice”.
If an animal is purchased with the intention of Qurbani and the animal is lost or destroyed through no fault of the purchaser, then it will not be obligatory to replace the animal.
It is Sunnat for one to make his own Qurbani with his own hands if he has the ability to do so. But, a woman should let someone else make the “Zabah” (slaughter) on her behalf.
It is Sunnat for the one who intends making the Qurbani not to cut any of his nails or remove any hairs from the body until after the Qurbani has been offered (i.e, from the 1st Zil-Hajj until after sacrifice the animal.)
If a sheep has not yet attained the age of one year then its Qurbani could be made if the following two conditions are present: (i) It must not be under six months. (ii) Its front teeth must have been replaced with a new set.
It is not permissible to make Qurbani on behalf of a living person without his permission nor is it permissible to make Qurbani on behalf of a deceased if a Wasiyaat (bequest) was not made by the deceased.
It is not permissible to make Qurbaani of defective animals, e.g. blindness in one eye or both eyes; so much lameness that it cannot keep up with the flock; severe sickness which makes the flesh defective; an animal suffering from scabies; an animal with the ear or part of the ear cut (not necessarily one third as is the Hanafi Mazhab); an animal with the tailor part of the tail cut. Broken horns will not be considered as a defect.
If a vow was made unto Allah Ta’ala to make Qurbani of a particular animal and that animal happens to be defective, then it shall have to be sacrificed not withstanding the defects.
At the time of slaughtering the animal, it is compulsory to make the Niyyat (intention) of Qurbani otherwise the sacrifice will not be valid.
Se comunicó dos veces y se identificó con nombre y apellido. Sin embargo, la fiscal que investiga los mensajes dijo que "no hay retractación que valga, hay un delito cometido"
Las Vegas (the Meadows or grassland) was a name given by the Spaniards who used water in the area while heading north and west along the Old Spanish Trail from Texas. In the 1800.s areas of Las Vegas Valley contained artesian wells that supported extensive green areas or meadows.John Freemont travelled into the valley in 1844 when it was still part of Mexico. He was a leader of a group of scientists, scouts and observers for the U S Army Corps.In 1855 following the annexation to the U S, Brigham Young sent 30 Mormon missionaries to convert the Paiuti Indian population. A fort was built near the current down town area, serving as a stopover for travellers between Salt Lake City and a colony at San Bernardino, California.Las Vegas established itself as a railroad town in 1905 when 110 acres were sold off. Paris Las Vegas Resort and Casino is located on the Las Vegas Strip .It opened in 1999, is operated by Harrah's Entertainment and has 2915 rooms. It includes a half size replica of the Eiffel Tower, a two thirds size Arc de Triomphe and a neon sign in the shape of the Montgolfier balloon. The Paris is linked to its sister property, Bally's Las Vegas by a promenade. Originally, the Eiffel Tower copy was intended to be a full scale replica but this was not possible due to the close proximity of McCarran International Airport. You can take elevators to the top of the tower, which is nearly fifty storeys above the ground. As Paris Las Vegas is located on the heart of the Strip you have great views from the observation deck which stands at 460 feet. In particular, the night time views of the city and the Bellagio Fountains are brilliant.
Well it's that, and we go big on everything and do everything the Panarottis way, always with flair and...More
The Central Hotel is Blacktown’s premier bar, designed by the award-winning team at SJB Design. This...More
Blacktown | Sydney and Surrounds | NSW | Bars | Entertainment Venues | find | search | Dining | Coffee Bar | Breakfast Dining |
The Functions & Events Centre at Blacktown RSL Club offers a variety of rooms to accommodate your wedding,...More
Blacktown | Sydney and Surrounds | NSW | Bars | Clubs | Restaurants | Entertainment Venues | find | search | Dining | Coffee Bar | Breakfast Dining |
Blacktown | Sydney and Surrounds | NSW | Bars | Bottle Shops | Entertainment Venues | Pubs | find | search | Sports Clubs | Pub | Dining | Coffee Bar | Breakfast Dining |
The Blacktown Inn has a great atmosphere and friendly staff who will make your stay a pleasant one. The...More
The Oxford Hotel offers affordable Inverell accommodation and a warm, welcoming place to dine and relax with friends...More
Copyright 2018 ©. All rights reserved. Powered by ETourism Australia | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Contact
If you spend more than 30 seconds trying to decide what to order, the old lady who works there will start making suggestions and not stfu.
Delicious! Ladies I recommend the kids cut size as the sandwiches are BIG. Also the salmon bagel is pricy ($13) but sooo very tasty!
GREAT sandwiches....a little expensive. Full cut smoked meat sandwich and a soda will run you $16. Personally I think it's worth it.
Matcha & More: You Should Be Eating These Healthy Japanese Ingredients Matcha & More: You Should Be Eating These Healthy Japanese Ingredients
Culinary superstar Missy Robbins has a collection of recipes out that will renew your love of jazzed-up home cooking. All these dishes are accessible and prefaced by anecdotes by Robbins that will delight you and pump you up for some awesome culinary projects, like this deviled egg toast.
I always pass on deviled eggs because I don’t like the boiled egg white, and although I’m a sucker for the filling, it’s not generally acceptable to dive into it leaving the rest of the egg behind. I came up with a solution that celebrates my favorite part of a deviled egg. I typically finish each crostini with bottarga, which is pressed, salted, and dried mullet or tuna roe, but truffles would be equally delicious. (I’ve also been known to eat this spread on toast with hot sauce for breakfast.) Salty, spicy, tangy all in one crunchy bite. Such a step up from a boiled egg white!
Place the roasted garlic, raw garlic, egg yolks, and lemon juice in a blender. Blend on high to break down the ingredients and mix them together.
With the motor still running on low speed, slowly drizzle the oil into the garlic and lemon mixture until all has been incorporated and you have a thick mayonnaise consistency.
Place the eggs in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once the water comes to a boil, turn off the heat and cover. Let the eggs sit for 11 minutes.
Drain the water and immediately transfer the eggs to a large bowl of cold water with ice in it. This “shocking” method will stop the egg from cooking. Once the eggs are completely cool, remove from the cold water and, with the shell still on, break each egg in half in order to remove just the yolk. Discard the shell and, if you’d like to, save the whites for salads or snacking.
Not waking up early ample, certainly, is the main one. "Limit using the snooze button to only five minutes so that you Never tumble into a deep rest once more," Dr. Mollen advises. Reward! You are going to go to operate sensation centered: A latest analyze with the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign identified that 20 minutes of moderate aerobic exercise enhanced concentration, reading comprehension, and cognitive functionality.
Nonetheless, the examine also suggests that kettlebell work together with other sorts of power instruction might help improve your metabolism, this means you burn up additional Extra fat and energy even throughout rest. Ad - Keep on Looking at Under
I feel The main element is to modify your behaviors a bit and lose the weight gradually. As i say, it took me a complete year to lose forty lbs, but I’ve managed to keep it off, as opposed to many of the situations I’ve tried out trend diet plans, when I'd lose 25 or thirty lbs actually swiftly, but then obtain it right again.
Standing with the knees a little bent, leap up as substantial as feasible (pretend Jeremy Lin is seeing!) and bring the knees in towards the upper body when extending the arms straight out. Land with the knees marginally bent and promptly soar (on it) once more!
four. You'll need to find a exercise routine you truly get pleasure from if you have any hope of sticking with it. "Locating a trainer or exercise routine which makes you satisfied is definitely really crucial to weight loss," states Rilinger. Whenever you delight in executing it You will be extra prone to stick with it.
No matter whether you like or loathe it, functioning is one of the best and most basic tips on how to burn up calories. And, you don't require a treadmill to make it happen. Just lace up your sneakers and hit the road. But pounding pavement does not have to be a senseless exercise session. Working in intervals—rushing up and slowing down your rate—should help make the minutes and miles go by rapidly.
If you live close to in which you Visit Website do the job or shop, make walking your primary manner of transportation most times, and view the kilos soften away. Once the weather is negative, consider into the community observe or indoor mall, or hop around the treadmill.
Here are 18 boxing gyms well worth viewing. But if you need to brush up on your find more info own skills in your own home, Do this starter-welcoming online video from Milan Costich, founder of Prevail boxing health and fitness center in Los Angeles.
So you don't truly feel the need to take a nap or lay to the couch all day long after doing a work out. This lets you remain Lively throughout the day and Enhance the amount of energy you burn from NEAT.
Get genuine idea No. 3: This is visit the website often Probably the cruelest. You most likely won't be able to count on to generally be as flab-cost-free as after you were being 20. "Skin loses elasticity as you age," Sedlock suggests. The sagging from the pores and skin provides into the Ugly appearance of flab, she suggests.
To maximize the Unwanted fat burning during weight education, Gals need to aim for 12 to 15 repetitions for every exercise, White suggests, and target a higher number of reps in lieu of continually boosting the weight.
jerry123 June three, 2014 at 6:19 am They didn’t record carrying out compound lifts with free of charge weights?! Please, for anyone wanting to lose weight lengthy-phrase, ignore the 5k operates or perhaps the lengthy walks or even the creepy hardcore Learn More cross fit cult boxes who may have you puking your very first 7 days of Doing work out and telling you that’s the indicator of a fantastic exercise routine. Discovering tips on how to barbell squat, bench press, deadlift, barbell row, overhead push (Briefly, the most critical compound barbell lifts) will do wonders in your weight loss Substantially much more than jogging/walking/tennis.
Contrary to what most people Imagine, the power of rowing mostly comes from your legs—not your arms. Participating your quads and glutes, you drive your legs back again to tug the cope with towards your upper body. Stick to these Professional ideas to ideal your rowing sort.
How: Sink right click for more info into a squat and swing the dumbbell by way of your legs right before quickly driving yourself forward, bringing the weight up towards your head as you straighten your legs. Repeat this motion, then swap sides.
People new to foreign exchange trading may be surprised to find that their forex broker may operate in some surprising ways. In fact, some companies offering forex trading services are not brokers in the traditional sense at all.
Traditionally a broker would work for you as a client, placing your buy and sell orders for you through their dealing desk and charging commission (for stock exchange transactions) or making their money from the spread (the difference between bid and ask prices) for forex trading. At one time orders would be placed by telephone. Now they are placed online, with you in full control of your account.
But standard forex accounts require significant investment. Typically the minimum deposit is anything from $10,000 to $50,000. Now that forex trading can be done from home, there are many new services springing up with lower deposit requirements, offering forex mini accounts. But their business model is not necessarily the same as traditional brokers, and this can have implications for you.
So these days, there are other types of companies that operate in different ways in order to provide services to the smaller investor. Most of these do not have dealing desks of their own.
Brokers without a dealing desk communicate with external liquidity providers to provide prices and match clients’ trades. Because there is a range of liquidity providers, the real spread tends to be small but the broker may increase the spread to give themselves a reasonable profit margin.
ECN brokers provide a marketplace where many market users including banks, market makers and regular traders can see to have their trades filled. Trades will be entered in the name of your ECN provider for anonymity. Spread is generally small but the ECN will often charge a matching fee per trade.
When you have an account with a market maker, your trades are not being matched by external providers but by the market maker themselves. This means that they take the opposite position and offer their prices to you, although of course these prices relate to the current price in the market. They will then offset their risk by taking an equivalent position to yours in an ECN or other environment.
Since they are not actually placing your order in the market, market makers are not brokers in the true sense of the word although most traders use the term forex broker loosely and include them. Others consider that the difference between market makers and bucket shops is not clear and prefer to avoid them.
Bucket shops work a little like market makers but they do not offset their risk and may have very little connection to the real spot forex market. When you deal with a bucket shop you could be said to be betting against them. They oppose your trade and they profit by your loss. Like commercial bet takers, if you are successful they tend not to want your business and will probably close your account, returning your funds to you.
Bucket shops are illegal in some jurisdictions, and even if they are legal in your country, they are best avoided, certainly for beginners. A bucket shop is working against you, not for you, and is not a forex broker at all.
The tab associated with intangible assets is recognised when the purpose of the valuation is to estimate fair value under ifrs 3r this also includes transactions where the specific purchaser will not be allowed to gross up and amortise. Fixed assets: gaap vs ifrs fixed assets is an area where there're really significant differences between gaap and ifrs, so if you're using gaap right now and you think you'll be switching over, then expect to be doing things differently in the future. Under us gaap and ifrss, the primary sources of guidance on the recognition, measurement, amortization, and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets are asc 350 and both ias 36, impairment of assets, and ias 38, intangible assets. Column, it compares us gaap to ifrs, highlighting similarities and differences at the start of each chapter is a brief summary of the key requirements of ifrs, contrasted with the parallel requirements of us gaap.
Excerpt from case study : introduction there are a number of different areas of difference between us gaap and ifrs nguyen (2017) points out that one of those areas of difference is with respect to the treatment of intangible assets intangible assets show on the balance sheet, but what types of intangible assets and how they are valued differ between these two different accounting systems. The purpose of this course is to familiarize you with the initial classification, recognition and measurement of intangible assets under ias 38, intangible assets it also covers subsequent measurement and other issues that arise after the initial recognition of the asset. Impairment of intangible assets gaap versus ifrs.
B ifrs allows the intangible assets to be revalued to fair market value if there is an active market for the intangible asset if the intangible is valued at fair value, the entire class of of intangible assets must be valued this way, not just select individual intangible assets. Gaap requires that the value of an inventory asset or fixed asset be written down to its market value gaap also specifies that the amount of the write-down cannot be reversed if the market value of the asset subsequently increases under ifrs, the write-down can be reversed. Intangible assets covered by another ifrs, such as intangibles held for sale (ifrs 5 non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations), deferred tax assets (ias 12 income taxes), lease assets (ias 17 leases), assets arising from employee benefits (ias 19 employee benefits (2011)), and goodwill (ifrs 3 business combinations. Gaap vs ifrs (intermediate accounting ii) use historical cost to record assets gaap uses fair value to record ppe, natural resources, and some intangible assets ifrs uses monetary unit assumption gaap and ifrs uses economic entity assumption gaap and ifrs uses a single step or multiple step income statement format ifrs vs gaap.
Intangible assets other than goodwill that a company is not amortizing should be reevaluated in each reporting period to determine whether amortization should begin (if the assets’ useful lives go from indefinite to definite. 8 us gaap vs similarities the definition of and recognition criteria for intangible assets is the same under both us gaap’s fas 141(revised) business combinations and fas 142 goodwill and other intangible assets and the iasb’s ifrs 3(revised) business combinations and ias 38 intangible assets. One is the international financial reporting standards (ifrs) and the us generally ifrs vs us gaap essay sample one similarity between the us gaap and ifrs is that fixed assets are estimated at cost originally under both accounting standards however, after initial recognition, differences occur between the two accounting.
Brazilian gaap vsconverged standards br gaap standard cpc 41 earnings per share 16 ifrs standard significant differences br gaap prior to cpc ias 33 earnings per share the appendix of cpc 41 has introduced implementation guidance that is more specific to the brazilian environment due to the specific intricacies of equity capital in brazil. Us gaap ifrs relevant guidance asc 340-20, 350 and 985-20 ias 38 revaluations other than impairment considerations revaluations of intangible assets to fair value are prohibited. Interim financial reporting us gaap versus ifrs the basics 6 similarities asc 270, interim reporting, and ias 34, interim financial reporting, are substantially similar except for the treatment of certain costs described below. Us gaap: similar to ifrs, except that revaluations of land and buildings and intangible assets are prohibited under us gaap actuarial gains and losses (when amortised out of accumulated other comprehensive income) are recognised through the income statement.
Description a recent ifrs foundation survey found that 116 of 140 jurisdictions required ifrs for all or most companies with this global acceptance, and as more than 500 foreign companies are reporting to the sec using ifrs, you need to be able to read and understand the differences between ifrs and us gaap financial reports. Ifrs and nigerian gaap the development of ifrs is ongoing, and it is therefore international financial reporting standards (hereinafter referred to as “ifrs”) and nigerian generally accepted accounting practice intangible assets may have capitalise if recognition criteria are. Except for goodwill, ifrs also allows for the reversal of impairments recognized for intangible assets, and goodwill impairment is assessed similar to the assessment of impairment of intangible assets under us gaap in a single step. Reconciliation between japanese gaap and ifrs reconciliation of assets, liabilities, and equity as of march 31, 2016 and 2015, and reconciliation of net profit for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2016 and 2015, between.
The ifrs foundation's logo and the ifrs for smes ® logo, the iasb ® logo, the ‘hexagon device’, eifrs ®, ias ®, iasb ®, ifric ®, ifrs ®, ifrs for smes ®, ifrs foundation ®, international accounting standards ®, international financial reporting standards ®, niif ® and sic ® are registered trade marks of the ifrs foundation, further details of which are available from the ifrs. 16 intangible assets 18 impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets 20 financial instruments 26 foreign currency matters 28 leases us gaap vs ifrs the basics 5 similarities there are many similarities between us gaap and ifrs relating to financial statement presentation for example, under both. Of all ifrs standards and us gaap standards, as well as sec rules, regulations, and practices, that are referred to in this document the comparison is written by the accounting principles group of grant thornton llp. The second type of non-current assets that gaap and ifrs differ about is long-lived intangible assets this includes goodwill and research and development when a company buys another company for less than it is worth, they recognize that difference as goodwill.
Food Cost Calculator for accurate food cost percentage costing recipes calculator via windstarcorp.com
recipe costing calculator excel recipe costing calculator free recipe costing calculator online recipe costing form calculator recipe cost calculator recipe cost calculator helps thousands of businesses be e more profitable save time and find peace of mind recipe cost overview get an instant overview of your recipe costs so you can see exactly what s happening at a glance recipe costing restaurant food cost calculator bakery food cost calculator cookkeepbook ficial site calculate costs of recipes of all kinds food drink etc create a free unlimited account find out what a recipe costs you by creating recipes with ingre nts then adding cost to the ingre nts use a measuring type converter to calculate cost of all kinds of ingre nts restaurant food cost calculator for portion and menu costing easily calculate portion costs from purchase invoices plus recipe costing and food cost percentage with this free online restaurant food cost calculator food cost calculator recipe costing software how to calculate food cost use our food cost calculator below to calculate your food cost edible cost portion cost menu and plate costs watch the video to learn how to use our food cost calculator recipe cost calculator for excel spreadsheet123 recipe cost calculator is intended for providing help in preparation of the accurate cost for any dish of the menu you can calculate the cost of your dish by adding all primary and secondary ingre nts then add cost of preparation and utilities
tags: costing recipes calculator, recipe costing calculator app, recipe costing calculator excel, recipe costing calculator free, recipe costing calculator online, recipe costing form calculator
This Section / Page contains links to the 3rd party websites of our top partners from whom we may receive compensation.
The content provided on the website includes general news and publications, our personal analysis and opinions, and contents provided by third parties, which are intended for educational and research purposes only. It does not constitute, and should not be read as, any recommendation or advice to take any action whatsoever, including to make any investment or buy any product. When making any financial decision, you should perform your own due diligence checks, apply your own discretion and consult your competent advisors. The content of the website is not personally directed to you, and we does not take into account your financial situation or needs.The information contained in this website is not necessarily provided in real-time nor is it necessarily accurate. Prices provided herein may be provided by market makers and not by exchanges.Any trading or other financial decision you make shall be at your full responsibility, and you must not rely on any information provided through the website. FX Empire does not provide any warranty regarding any of the information contained in the website, and shall bear no responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using any information contained in the website.The website may include advertisements and other promotional contents, and FX Empire may receive compensation from third parties in connection with the content. FX Empire does not endorse any third party or recommends using any third party's services, and does not assume responsibility for your use of any such third party's website or services.FX Empire and its employees, officers, subsidiaries and associates, are not liable nor shall they be held liable for any loss or damage resulting from your use of the website or reliance on the information provided on this website.
This website includes information about cryptocurrencies, contracts for difference (CFDs) and other financial instruments, and about brokers, exchanges and other entities trading in such instruments. Both cryptocurrencies and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money. You should carefully consider whether you understand how these instruments work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.FX Empire encourages you to perform your own research before making any investment decision, and to avoid investing in any financial instrument which you do not fully understand how it works and what are the risks involved.
In addition, assuming that GSA was operating, you wouldn’t be able to do anything with your computer. Your whole assets would be tapped out, so you would probably be caught sitting within the sidelines expecting GSA to finish all of its responsibilities. Thinking about the amount of time it would get your computer to acquire anything accomplished, it would be months before you would be capable to surf the online market place or observe some thing on Netflix once again. Does one really need to wait that extensive to use your Personal computer?
VPS web hosting is more secure than shared hosting as it has the chance to install personalized and stringent firewalls. In commons, shared web hosting has an enormous risk on protection due to the neighbored Internet sites. If just one web page is backed, all other Web-sites on the same server get significant threads to be motivated.
Then, let’s go in excess of some strategies for utilizing the computer software. These guidelines will be sure that you have one of the most out of the application.
After i read about GSA SER VPS Service And that i say why I have to pay for captcha and hyperlink separatelly when i can use this company all inclusive?
Proxies which are not the reason for Regular or unresolved abuse problems are permitted. Buyers who work proxies that are subject matter to repeated and disproportionate levels of abuse may have their company suspended.
This income can now be Utilized in so a lot of things like growing the enterprise or acquiring superior tools so that you can make your daily life much easier.
Then, your site will transfer up during the rankings. You only input a handful of configurations, and it handles The remainder. This will save you a huge amount of time and Electricity, especially when you run it on an Search engine marketing VPS.
Which means you don’t have to worry about ending up with junk inbound links if you use this Instrument. You'll be able to decide the quality of one-way links that you might want, after which you can the GSA Online search engine Ranker will get to operate.
Search engine optimization tools for VPS hosting are crucial for building a solid Search engine optimization tactic. Start out out with one or more of those tools and start setting up your Search engine marketing marketing campaign. After some time, you might transfer up within the lookup rankings and turn out to be a significant force online.
Buyers who consistently host phishing web pages, danger possessing their company permanently suspended. Consumers who, as determined by Asia Digital Remedies, intentionally host phishing websites using Asia Digital Answers companies might have their service forever suspended without refund, at our sole discretion.
This can be a terrific way to see your own backlinks, and backlinks to your opponents. Along with the backlinks, you'll be able to see how powerful the back links are and what anchor textual content they use. seo tools vps If you need to be much more aggressive, this Software can help.
The GSA Search Engine Ranker is Among the most effectively-highly regarded tools in the marketplace. This Resource functions at the velocity of sunshine whenever you configure it with your SEO VPS internet hosting program, and it requires care of lots of the Search engine marketing give you the results you want.
Our goal is simple; supply virtual companies which each and every Net marketer use for web marketing, social awareness and website link making and automation program, and supply it at sensible charges which Every person can afford.Read through Extra
Running Web-sites that attempt to steal a person’s login information or other personal information (phishing internet sites) is strictly prohibited. People who unknowingly host these websites need to take them down instantly, as well as their company could possibly be briefly suspended till action is taken to rectify the situation.
The chaparral and coastal sage scrub habitats in lower elevations along the Coastline are vulnerable to wildfire, plus the rates of hearth elevated within the twentieth century, owing primarily to fires setting up near the borders of urban and wild parts.[eighty four]
The crews have been quite Qualified and patient also, I Individually inspected many of the get the job done they've completed and marked any sites that were not "ideal" and the crews have been Fortunately did touch ups for us devoid of Mind-set.
David, Dilbert and his crew labored extremely competently and the effects are very incredible. Their master expertise demonstrate up in several sites in which I have never observed them carried out this way. I particularly like how they ended up in a position to achieve seamless abutted signing up for of hardwood ground and marble tiles between toilet flooring and hallway flooring.
Quit next David A. 1/18/2018 I achieved Roy the proprietor few days soon after I received The real key for our new household in Woodland Hills, I had been searching for a contractor for an entire remodel. Roy manufactured an excellent perception on us, together with his knowledge, perfection also his wonderful Strategies in structure.
five) Nir is an efficient trouble solver. We had been challenged by handful of fundamental concealed problems with our kitchen following demolition, and as our project you could look here manufactured development. Nir usually discovered some Artistic solution to take care of a problem at quite honest Expense check my source or at no extra Value.
I would remarkably propose this business to my relatives and buddies and will definitely have confidence in them for my following transforming project.
From the main meeting and the look aspect, selecting elements together with us trough the city permit and how to help you save some cash they ended up pros, clean and hardworking fellas.
We are going to agenda a stop by to accomplish detail operate and conduct the beginning up. Will not permit anybody in to the pool until the start up continues to be done. Since the water has not been chemically treated, it is probably not Risk-free.
With about 7000 productive "showroom good quality" installations considering the fact that 2006, Now we have discovered that not every single garage floor is identical. We employ our vast experience to select the correct mix of ground coating materials to be certain your floor will surpass your anticipations.
We can even show you how to work and maintain your new pool. This could take approximately an hour or so and all family members who will be running the pool ought to be existing, if at all possible.
incredibly proficient, pretty open up and respectful to our Thoughts and super detail oriented which to me, is an excellent important detail.
Along with the municipal general public library technique, there are actually just about two dozen libraries open up to the public operate by other governmental businesses, and by colleges, colleges, and universities.
Control Joint – this article A tooled groove made to Regulate in which the concrete cracks (which can materialize with time).
Even once the assignments done all payments have designed, I found some compact troubles with the bathroom Once i took the shower, Dan sent the crew again in and fixed all of it.
100% Free Online Dating Site Accra. Now a day there are thousands of dating sites claiming 100% free and these sites are not truly 100% FREE these sites are partially free and later on you need to upgrade your membership or they have free trial period for few days. No need to pay for dating and chatting now. We do not have any hidden charges. Aimerworld.com is providing free chat room, free one on one private chat. Join our website now and start instant chat with singles. Aimerworld.com is easy to use and easy to connect with singles. The advanced feature of our dating site is we protect you from scammers. Completely free online dating website with absolutely no charges at all. Join Aimerworld.com today. 100% Free Online Dating Site Accra.
Бегущие лошади 35214 Набор для вышивания Dimensions ( Дименшенс ) - Aipa.ru - Хобби интернет-магазин
Yeah, guys, being a traveling freak would like to know about different places of the world always and have the best time in diverse places as well. So like Seren would like to say that guys keep sharing like this more with all of us.
Rare, secluded & immaculately kept, this solid-brick rear retro residence offered for the first time is masterfully built & celebrates the highly sought single level style. Set on 507m2 (Approximate Title Dimensions) & designed at a time when vast living was the focus, the light open plan living & dining overlooks the glorious north facing private front garden, while the perfectly preserved kitchen features a large meals area & rear garden views. The main bedroom is complemented by a walk-in wardrobe & a classic ensuite & two further double bedrooms are also enhanced by built-in wardrobes, concluding with the bright main bathroom with a separate toilet. Beyond, extensive wrap around gardens will delight, offering a myriad of options (STCA), creating an undoubtedly extraordinary opportunity to secure a one-of-a-kind, super solid residence with a superb floorplan & original features throughout. A laundry, central heating, two air-conditioning units, secure entry portico, double garage, plenty of storage, solid timber joinery & wardrobes, secluded gardens & further off-street parking are all in a quiet street close to transport, Caulfield Primary school & parks. Note: Driveway is on Title. No Body Corporate.
© 2018 Gary Peer Real Estate | Due Diligence | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Site by Click Suburb Profiles
Typhoon Ompong (Mangkhut) has had a major impact on the north of the Philippines displacing more than 50,000 people in Cordillera Administrative...
Typhoon Ompong (Mangkhut) has had a major impact on the north of the Philippines damaging in excess of 76,000 homes in Cagayan Province (Region II...
Resources and resourcefulness: Roles, opportunities and risks for women working at artisanal mines...
Saira Khan is a data analyst for the Signal Program on Human Security and Technology at the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative (HHI). Prior to joining HHI, she received a M.S. in Geographic Information Science at Clark University and also holds a B.A. in Geography and International Development and Social Change at Clark University. Her research interests are in the application of geospatial technologies in humanitarian response, including the automation of structure detection and monitoring vulnerable populations.
Hurt in a wreck? Contact our highly qualified personal injury attorney to get entitled with compensation for injuries and damages. Get help from our convenient & finest P...
Need an accident attorney in Miami? Accidents unfortunately happen but our honest & verified Personal Injury Lawyer Miami FL is here to help! Contact us to get a free per...
Our preferred & experienced Personal Injury Lawyer Miami FL have many years of experience fighting for the rights of victims suffering from personal injuries due to a neg...
Are you injured in an accident and looking for personal injury lawyers? Our preferred & experienced Personal Injury Lawyers Miami FL can help you with all types of person...
Our dependable & trustworthy Personal Injury Lawyer Miami FL is one of the most aggressive, and well respected, attorneys. We never charge a fee unless we win for any per...
Speak to our top quality & preferred attorney at Personal Injury Lawyer Miami FL about your personal injury. Contact us to for a free initial consultation. Get successful...
Get answers by Personal Injury Lawyer Miami FL to your important questions if you have personal injury by an accident. Get best advices from our proven & responsible atto...
Have you suffered a personal injury because of someone else's actions? Our highly qualified Personal Injury Lawyers Miami FL have personal injury lawyers who can help you...
Do you need a personal injury lawyer in Miami? Contact our convenient & finest Personal Injury Lawyer Miami FL today for your free consultation. Visit us now!
The ElectricMood engine is an axial flux permanent magnets brushless engine. The magnets are fixed on the wheel flanks so that the direction of the magnetic flux density is parallel to the rotation axis. The stator is made of conductors driving an electric current within the magnetic gap between magnets. This current combined with the intense magnetic field generates a torque between the rotor and the stator that allows the engine to transform the electric power that it receives into mechanical power.
The shape of the engine in this configuration is close to a disk and is suitable for the integration in a vehicle wheel. Moreover, this engine does not produce any resistant torque without current because the stator doesn't contain any ferromagnetic material. This way, it can be used as a free wheel with great efficiency.
The magnets fixed on both sides of the wheel are rare earth magnets of NdFeB kind. These magnets have a great energy density that allows the production of a very intense magnetic flux density. In addition, the magnetic field produced by these magnets is independent of the surrounding magnetic flux, so they can be considered as uniformly magnetized material. This very specific characteristic has been used to develop a computer code allowing to predict the magnetic field produced by a given magnet configuration. With this computer code we can optimize the configuration of the engine so as to maximize the torque produced by the engine. The configuration of the magnets used in the design doesn't need any ferromagnetic core to conduct the magnetic field lines, so the overall weight is again lowered.
To produce the torque necessary to make the magnets turn and so the wheel, a stator made of electrically conductive material running an electrical current must be placed in the magnetic gap. ElectricMood has developed a technology allowing the usage of printed circuit boards on which copper traces are optimally arranged to minimize the Joule effect electrical losses. In addition to a great current density, this technology provides a great simplicity in the fabrication of the stator. Indeed, in the case of the ElectricMood engine, it is not necessary to wind up isolated copper strands by hand or with expensive machines around a ferromagnetic core.
The substrate used for standard printed circuit boards uses composite materials that give them excellent mechanical and thermal properties for a reduced weight. So, de facto, the ElectricMood engine stator is made from composite material.
This engine for which ElectricMood has a pending patent provides excellent performance and robustness for a reduced weight and size.
Trent has an excellent team of specialists that are working diligently to keep our church looking great.
Do you want to make your EL Camino look as good under the hood as the exterior? Fbodywarehouse has you’re a body and G body needs covered! We offer a wide selection of new replacement air cleaner and carburetor related items for your car in one place!
The Foreign Correspondents’ Association of East Africa (FCAEA) and the Foreign Correspondents’ Association of Uganda (FCAU) are deeply saddened and concerned about the death of freelance journalist Christopher Allen who was killed while reporting on the conflict in Kaya, South Sudan on Saturday.
Today the Foreign Correspondents’ Association of Uganda (FCAU) celebrates World Press Freedom Day, joining journalists and supporters of press freedom to defend the media from attacks on our independence and highlighting the central role of freedom of expression and the right to information in advancing peaceful, just and inclusive societies.
The Foreign Correspondents’ Association of Uganda (FCAU) will tomorrow, May 3rd, celebrate World Press Freedom Day (WPFD), an occasion that reminds us of the importance of free media and of access to information for all people. FCAU stands in solidarity with journalists and media organizations in Uganda and elsewhere.
The Foreign Correspondents’ Association of Uganda (FCAU) is pleased to announce the Uganda Press Photo Award 2016, the Award’s fifth edition. Founded by FCAU in 2012, the Award recognises and promotes Ugandan photojournalism, and also includes training and workshops for Ugandan photojournalists. The Uganda Press Photo Award is organised in partnership with Friedrich Ebert Stiftung.
The Foreign Correspondents’ Association of Uganda (FCAU) is concerned over a recent series of abuses aimed at journalists covering Uganda’s 2016 general election. FCAU recognizes Uganda as a country with a vibrant media landscape and with room for expression of diverging opinions; we call upon the authorities to safeguard this status by respecting the freedom of journalists both foreign and local. FCAU represents more than thirty journalists, Ugandan as well as foreign, who work for foreign media houses. FCAU is affiliated to the Nairobi-based Foreign Correspondents’ Association of East Africa (FCAEA).
This is a placeholder page for Saeed Alaid, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Saeed Alaid.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Saeed Alaid. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Saeed Alaid. We created this page automatically in hopes Saeed Alaid would find it. If you are not Saeed Alaid, but are an alumni of Earl Wooster High School, register on this site for free now.
Scouting can be fun and rewarding for kids and scout leaders alike. It’s essential, however, to choose activities that keep kids interested and engaged. Here are 5 ways to ensure that kids enjoy their scouting experience and keep the tradition their whole lives.
Scouting should be a time when kids take a break from their computers, phones, tablets and other devices. There are plenty of old fashioned games that require no electronics and few props. A good example is hopscotch, which only requires some chalk to map out squares on the ground. Other fun games include kickball, handball, hula hoop and jump rope. Get active and engage kids to connect with nature and put their energy to good use.
This game gives kids a chance to do some exploring and test their treasure hunting skills. You can choose natural items that are found in the nearby area, such as types of plants, rocks, or seashells. Kids can get points for each one of the chosen items they find.
Try to take the troop to different locations for some diversity. This could include parks, beaches, hikes, or cultural destinations such as a local museum or art gallery. Kids like to explore new places, so it’s always fun for them to get a chance to experience something new. Have them run, hike, or bike to get places.
Nearly every kid has a camera of some type, so why not encourage them to take some interesting and creative photographs? You might look at books or websites that feature the works of well known professional photographers for tips and inspiration. You can find worthwhile subjects wherever you go, whether you go to a park, meadow, or city streets. This will not only give the kids some great photos, it will help them look at the world around them differently.
Sewing is a useful skill for kids as well as adults. When the kids start to earn scouting badges and patches have them practice sewing them on. A patch superstore can supply you with everything you need to get the kids going and stay motivated for learning their new skill and earning more patches.
These are some ideas on how to give kids the best possible scouting experience. These are activities where kids can learn something new, while they are enjoying themselves. A good principle to keep in mind is to introduce new activities on a regular basis so the kids don’t get bored.
It’s been far too long since we had a Hero In Parenting nominee. Totally my fault! I took down the contact form to make some changes and got distracted and wandered off. But we’re back! Hooray! After you read about our fantastic Hero Mom, check out my announcement at the end of the post. Sherry […]
One of the great things about the Heroes In Parenting program is highlighting heroes, and I’m super proud of today’s nominee: Sherry Martz. (She has no idea that I’m putting her up for this. Heh, heh, heh.) I met Sherry a couple of years ago at a conference and we recently went to the BlissDom […]
Hello, Internets! Today I’m thrilled to bring you the story of Shannon, who was nominated by Tammy. Here’s what Tammy has to say about her friend: Shannon has devoted her life to her children and husband. Her kids have had their ups and downs of medical problems their whole life and she has never complained. […]
Longtime readers will remember that HIP program that I undertook in 2009. HIP stands for Heroes In Parenting. With all the depressing news that surrounds us, I really felt the need to highlight people who are doing good things with their kids. Here we are 2 years later, and we’re still surrounded by some pretty […]
Well hello! Did you think I forgot the Heroes In Parenting (HIP) project? Nope! Not me. Uh-uh. We’re going to try doing this monthly, and see how that goes. Oh! And please see the end for a New Development in the HIP project. Amanda from Tumble Dry writes a beautiful post about her daughter’s transition […]
Welcome to the second edition of the HIP project! In a world full of discouragement and bad news, this is the place to celebrate those everyday parenting heroes all around us. What is a HIP, you may ask? Not to worry, friend! All is explained in the original HIP post. Without further ado, here are […]
Summer is coming…which means planning for Camp Good Grief is in full swing! If you have any students (entering grades 3rd-9th) at your school that have had a loved one die, Camp Good Grief would be a great opportunity for them to meet other kids their age that can relate to the grief and loss they are experiencing. Camp Good Grief is scheduled for July 20-22, 2018.
Seborrheic Dermatitis: In this condition, you get scaly red patches, mainly on your scalp, ears, brows, chest, and back. Lunch Boxes Herpes Product Questions Healthy pantry 5 Winter Skincare Tips for Eczema and Psoriasis 2vacuum cleaner UP145 Self-tan 3. Mayo Clinic. Atopic dermatitis (eczema) (updated 26 Jul 2016). http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/eczema/basics/definition/con-20032073 (accessed Dec 2016). Fever Care These drugs carry potentially serious side effects, such as an increased risk of developing dangerous infections and cancers. Books & CDs Most Popular Conditions Special Price S$52.90 Potty On-The-Go Infections Slideshows - Sophie the Giraffe: Get up to 40% off all products [Shop Now >>] Oral corticosteroids - excellent anti-inflammatories, short term only Continuing education center Free eBook to boost Why is it so important to moisturize after a bath or shower? Anthelios Daily SPF 15 Moisturizer Medical Anatomy and Illustrations ultraviolet radiation therapy (phototherapy) 50% Like the oil, the Aveeno lotion has the naturally active colloidal oatmeal formula, but it can be applied to skin when dry and used as often as required, even on sensitive skin. McPherson T. Current Understanding in Pathogenesis of Atopic Dermatitis. Indian Journal of Dermatology. November–December 2016. Eczema is usually itchy Breast Firming Cream NEW – Privacy Policy Print Rx Records Cysts may be as small as a blister or large enough to hold litres of fluid... Eczema is very prone to infection with bacteria like Staph (Staphylococcus aureus) and viruses such as the cold sore virus. Some people with eczema just need infection treated as it occurs and others may require long term prevention strategies.
GastroIntestinal Dermstore.com Chicken Pox Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Sign up and be the first to know about upcoming products and promotions! ecoWARE 1 day Special © 2005-2018 All Rights Reserved Always use gloves when doing wet work. Never handle detergents with bare hands. For dry and dusting work wear cotton gloves. Health & Wellness E45 Itch Relief Cream — for pruritus, eczema and dermatitis. Unorthodox Testing and Treatment Request an Appointment at Mayo Clinic Explore our health tips and services Research at NCBI Special Price S$23.90 Behaviour & Discipline SkinPAC Free eBook to boost Stream millions Eczema Association of Australasia Inc Billie Goat Soap Intensive Eczema & Psoriasis Balm, $18.99 at Priceline Dove Hospice eczema is made worse by infection such as school sores (impetigo) - see the school sores page for advice on how to prevent this Eczema is not caused by food allergies, although many people often assume this is so. You should only change your diet under medical advice. Shoes Manage Your Medications Start treating the issue before you even step out of the shower by sudsing up with this hydrating cleanser made with hyaluronic acid and ceramides. Eczema is not a minor condition. It causes itching and discomfort, which can interfere with sleep. This can have further effects on the entire family. Thyroid Health Playgro Teethers help Refill a Prescription RELATED CONDITIONS: SIGN UP TO RECEIVE 10% OFF* Many children with eczema need an allergy medicine by mouth at bedtime. Add Selected Items To Cart Anaesthetic Amiodarone for abnormal heart rhythms it usually begins early in childhood Spritzers Sedating antihistamines can cause drowsiness into the following day, so it may be helpful to let your child's school know they may not be as alert as normal. Milk Bottles Mayo Clinic does not endorse companies or products. Advertising revenue supports our not-for-profit mission. $16 (Shop Now) Sign-up for posts to your inbox People, Places & Things That Help Get the Channel NewsAsia newsletter in your inbox Transfer news Discoid eczema SoapSox Give Now Dermatology Daily Eczema signs and symptoms include tiny blisters (vesicles) that can weep and ooze, eventually producing crusted, thickened plaques of skin. It is almost always quite itchy. Read more: EnglishEspañol Cleveland Clinic is a non-profit academic medical center. Advertising on our site helps support our mission. We do not endorse non-Cleveland Clinic products or services. Policy My account PCOS Originally Published on sitename.com Pregnancy After 35 Keep your skin covered with light clothing to reduce damage from habitual scratching. Cellulitis is a bacterial infection of the skin that occurs most commonly on the lower legs and in areas where the skin is damaged or inflamed... Follow our news All categories Change Reader Comments Dr Seuss Autoimmunity Photo lab 10 / 10 Previous slide Next slide Face - Skin type Medscape Reference BabyBjorn Is Follow-up Necessary After Eczema Treatment? Learning & Behavioural Problems LinkedIn How to Get Rid of Eczema Recent research has focused on the ‘skin barrier’. The outer layer of your skin (the epidermis) forms a barrier which helps retain moisture in the skin and protects against irritants (substances that can irritate the skin). If this barrier is not working properly, your skin becomes dry and more vulnerable (at risk) to irritants. Some people with eczema have inherited abnormalities in their skin barrier. Cookie Policy When the skin becomes so irritated that it breaks down and becomes infected; if the rash has become red, hot, and painful; if red streaks are coming from the rash; or if the individual has a fever, an emergency department visit may be necessary if it's not possible to see a health-care professional within 24 hours. Patient Online Services 7 types of eczema Learn More About Eczema Treatment dry, scaly skin StyleCraze Experts document.body.appendChild(replacement) As all eczema and psoriasis sufferers are (painfully) aware, these conditions flare up during the cooler months. The cause? Exposure to dry air leads to dry skin — exacerbating your symptoms. Cheers winter for kicking us while we're down. Discover which topical treatments are suitable for different types of eczema Fabric My two year old has had horrible eczema! Cracks, bleeding, staph infection; If there’s a complication, he’s had it. With major diet changes most of it has cleared up. This stuff has taken care of the small flare ups with more sucesss than any steroids. THANK YOU! How the Body Works Flaking Eczema Support Groups and Counseling Most Popular Antibiotics - for bacterial and fungal infections Eczema usually comes and goes. In between flare-ups, the skin might look thickened and dry (this is called lichenification). When eczema is properly treated, the skin usually goes back to normal with no scarring. Price in pharmacy: information unavailable - National Cancer Centre Singapore Open Heart Alternatives Anti-Aging Cleanser ASCIA Clinical Update Anaphylaxis Pityriasis rosea Zsa Zsa: I mean, who would think that a skin problem would be debilitating? You know, but it's, it’s more than just a little scratching. It’s really intrusive. It’s almost like a foreign invader that comes into my body and just takes over. It’s like something that just rises up through my skin. I don’t know where it comes from. close breaking news Diabetes Avoiding airborne allergens, such as pollen, pet dander, and dust mites Anti-Inflammatory Diet 4.2	Terminology WOMEN OF THE YEAR Presenters & Correspondents An anti-inflammatory topical cream may be necessary to control a flare of atopic dermatitis. Is that eczema or an infection on my child's skin? 7 treatments for winter psoriasis flare-ups » Soothes itching Apple & Eve Baby Bloating Pet allergy Then give your child that food when the eczema is under good control. This is called a "challenge." Everything You Need to Know About Eczema Blood and blood vessels PROS It is gentle on bubba’s skin and fragrance-free. Baby Eczema Hair Treatment California Baby Will swimming in a pool trigger my child’s eczema? Lifelines Support Group baby eczema lotion reviews baby eczema lotions baby eczema mayo clinic
Based on a survey which summarized the growth and significance of foreign exchange related activity in major financial centers.
\n {{ team.position }} \n {{ team.name }} \n {{ team.played }} \n {{ team.won }} \n {{ team.drawn }} \n {{ team.lost }} \n {{ team.for }} \n {{ team.against }} \n {{ team.diff }} \n {{ team.points }} \n {{{ team.form | pointify }}} \n
Experience in large and small projects. Websites, hotsites, on-line advertising, graphic interface for systems, corporate presentations, design for social networks, CMS.
Graduated as graphic designer at Universidade São Judas Tadeu (São Paulo/Brazil) and as graphic technician at SENAI.
Today the advances in modern medicine have made it possible to help women conceive and the doctors that know about this can be found at an infertility clinic. If you are seeking treatment for fertility problems, don’t just rush to the first clinic in the yellow pages. Not all clinics are equal....
A thin hollow structure in developed in the early embryonic development that contains a cluster of cells called the inner cell mass from which the embryo arises. The outer layer of cells gives rise to the placenta and supporting tissues that are needed for fetal development within the uterus while the inner cell mass cells gives rise to the tissues of the body.
Fertility Expert .org does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.
We both had a gut feeling that it wasn't going to be easy, but we never imagined it would be this hard. Our journey is approaching a four-year mark and it seems like it's nowhere near done. We have spent so many nights researching diets, special smoothies, special candles, specific essential oils and even certain baths. Just to give ourselves some kind of hope. We've read books, support groups and sought professional help but our story continues to be an "unexplained infertility". Sometimes we find the best way to get over comments from our loved ones that are the least supportive by comparing which one is worse, trying to find the humor in what people say. We have gone through four failed rounds of clomid, change of jobs for less stress and signed up for IVF in 2016 with a new Invocell clinic. What was supposed to a procedure to happen in the fall of 2016, didn't happen until the summer of 2017. With Stephanie's body, there was a concern of hyperstimulation. She had to be monitored intensly for a month. After retrieving 12 eggs, and successfully creating 4 embryos in the Fall...we had to wait three more months to do a transfer. In December 2017 we transferred two embryos hoping for our Christmas miracle, instead scrooge brought us a BFN on Christmas day. Now we wait for a second round of IVF in hopes there will be light soon, in hopes we don't have to hear hurtful comments from people close to us. Every doctor appointment, every dollar spent, every acupuncture appointment, every blood test, HSG test, ultrasound and pill we have to swallow we hope to be the last one. Every day we go on a roller coaster of grief, depression, love and happiness. Each New Year, we say... This is our year, hopefully this year we are right. Dear eyelashes, wishbones, dandelions, pennies, shooting stars 11:11, and birthday candles... Do your job.
Weight Loss Transformation of the Day: Valerie lost 117 pounds, going from a size 22/24 to a size 10/12. Now, she is a fitness and lifestyle coach helping ...
Weight loss transformation · Valerie lost 102 pounds. After she saw the photos from her 30th birthday celebration,
LaKeitha Duncan is a true gem who helps women all over the country to lose weight. She herself has lost over 100 pounds and counting.
After losing more than 40 pounds on the Jenny Craig program, the actress and TV personality took criticism for gaining some of the weight back.
... working as Jenny Craig's spokesperson where her goal was to lose 50 pounds. Ten years later and 50 pounds less, the actress is more fit than ever.
... tipped the scales at 300 pounds, but lost more than 80 pounds through vigorous exercise with a trainer. She has been very up-front about her weight-loss ...
Christian Bale is another actor known for such dedication to his craft that he will happily gain or lose dramatic amounts of weight to play certain ...
Comedian and actor Jason Sudeikis credited his 20-pound weight loss to wild bedroom romps with his gorgeous wife Olivia Wilde in an August 2013 interview ...
Valerie Matsunaga, is a retired pharmacist who has won awards in weightlifting: 2015 Olympics, Silver Medal in the Masters World Cup; 2017 World Masters ...
Half Size Me by Heather Robertson: Health, fitness, weight loss, and self-acceptance coach on Apple Podcasts
The 52-year-old talk show host revealed that she'd lost 50 pounds over the past three years. “I did it on my own and I love it because I no longer have to ...
... lose weight. Becki Ledford in April 2013 was lean and trim before she began pounding the pavements
Instead, he chose to lose a realistic 30 pounds on the Jenny Craig program. By cutting his daily diet from 4,500 to ...
After wasting 2 years with heavy weight training programs I made the switch to bodyweight training and achieved the progress below in just 1 year:
Award-winning movie director Peter Jackson has executed plenty of epic on-screen battles, but he's also been engaged in his own battle of the bulge.
... producer and comedian has a long portfolio of successful movies and awards. His weight has fluctuated over the years. Back in 2011, he lost 40 pounds ...
Many fans called Khloe Kardashian out for her recent 40-pound weight loss, saying they no longer recognized her. However, she has been vocal about her ...
Jill Scott has lost 63 pounds, and credits the variety in her workout routine for helping her keep the weight off. “We have fun!” she told Us Weekly about ...
Back in 2003, Star Jones Reynolds decided she had to take control of her weight once and for all. She'd been heavy all her life, but by that point, ...
The reality TV star of Dance Moms opted for gastric bypass surgery to help her lose weight.“There's no diet, there's no exercise, there's no this, ...
Jason Segel lost 35 pounds for his movie Sex Tape, co-starring Cameron Diaz. How did he do it? “I've just been living healthy, exercising, eating right — no ...
Surprisingly, you don't need to go hungry to lose weight. Deprivation diets are out; healthful, tasty meal plans are in!
From Fatty To Hottie. Friday, November 09, 2012 Babes , Body Transformations 1 comment. Never give up if you want to lose extra weight.
... work for all my weak points and started playing around with advanced bodyweight exercises such as muscle ups and added another 15 pounds of muscle mass:
Doug Keenan is an independent mathematician, formerly a financial analyst, based in London. After I re-published a list of peer-reviewed papers that question the received wisdom on climate science - received wisdom, it should be said, only in the political and media worlds, not the scientific - I received an email from Dr Keenan drawing my attention to two peer-reviewed papers he had written that are relevant. I have added them to the first post, but want to draw attention to them here. Both are very accessible to a lay reader. Both are absolutely gobsmacking, to use a technical word.
The first is titled: Grape harvest dates are poor indicators of summer warmth. A pdf of the full paper can be downloaded here (pdf) and an introduction can be read here. The following is an abridged version of that introduction (emphasis added). It casts a disturbing light on the process of peer review:
On 18 November 2004, Isabelle Chuine and co-workers published a research paper on global warming. The paper appeared in Nature, the world's most highly-regarded scientific journal. And it gathered some publicity. Chuine et al. claimed to have developed a method for estimating the summer temperature in Burgundy, France, in any given year back to 1370 (based on the harvest dates of grapes). Using their method, the authors asserted that the summer of 2003 was by far the warmest summer since 1370, in Burgundy.
I had been following global warming studies only as a disinterested outside spectator (and only occasionally). Someone sent me the paper of Chuine et al., though, and wondered what I thought of it from a mathematical perspective. So I had a look.
To study the paper properly, I needed to have the authors' data. So I e-mailed Dr. Chuine, asking for this. The authors, though, were very reluctant to let me have the data. It took me eight months, tens of e-mails exchanged with the authors, and two formal complaints to Nature, to get the data. (Some data was purchased from Météo France.) It is obviously inappropriate that such a large effort was necessary.
Looking at the data made it manifest that there are serious problems with the work of Chuine et al...
That is, the authors had developed a method that gave a falsely-high estimate of temperature in 2003 and falsely-low estimates of temperatures in other very warm years. They then used those false estimates to proclaim that 2003 was much hotter than other years.
The above is easy enough to understand. It does not even require any specialist scientific training. So how could the peer reviewers of the paper not have seen it? (Peer reviewers are the scientists who check a paper prior to its publication.) I asked Dr. Chuine what data was sent to Nature, when the paper was submitted to the journal. Dr. Chuine replied, “We never sent data to Nature”.
I have since published a short note that details the above problem (reference below). There are several other problems with the paper of Chuine et al. as well. I have written a brief survey of those (for people with an undergraduate-level background in science). As described in that survey, problems would be obvious to anyone with an appropriate scientific background, even without the data. In other words, the peer reviewers could not have had appropriate background.
What is important here is not the truth or falsity of the assertion of Chuine et al. about Burgundy temperatures. Rather, what is important is that a paper on what is arguably the world's most important scientific topic (global warming) was published in the world's most prestigious scientific journal with essentially no checking of the work prior to publication.
Finally, it is worth noting that Chuine et al. had the data; so they must have known that their conclusions were unfounded. In other words, there is prima facie evidence of scientific fraud. What will happen to the researchers as a result of this? Probably nothing. That is another systemic problem with the scientific publication process.
In this case Dr Keenan took no further action. But this experience led him to look more closely at some of the evidence on which the ideas about human-caused global warming were based. In the process, he uncovered something that he felt demanded further action. He has published a report about this, which can be downloaded here (pdf) and a brief timeline of events, still being updated, that can be read here. The paper is titled: The fraud allegation against some climatic research of Wei-Chyung Wang. Here's the abstract from the pdf:
Wei-Chyung Wang has been a respected researcher in global warming studies for decades. I have formally alleged that he committed fraud in some of his research, including research cited by the Fourth Assessment Report of the IPCC (2007) on “urban heat islands” (a critical issue). Herein, the allegation is reviewed, and some of its implications are explicated.
On the 20th February this year the University of Albany wrote to Dr Keenan confirming that they were going to investigate his allegation.
The work of Jones et al. (1990) is a significant paper in global warming studies (see below for details). In February 2007, Stephen McIntyre blogged about evidence he had found showing that it was “impossible” for Jones et al. to have carried out their work as they had claimed.1 An anonymous comment on the blog then indicated potential issues with the closely-related work of Wang et al. (1990).2 Further study by myself found additional evidence of problems. The evidence particularly implicates Wei-Chyung Wang—the lead author of Wang et al. and a co-author of Jones et al.
Meteorological stations sometimes move, and this can affect the temperature measurements of the stations.
It is clear that when a station moves, the temperature data from before the move is not, in general, directly comparable to the data from after the move.
In global warming studies, an important issue concerns the integrity of temperature measurements from meteorological stations. The latest assessment report from the IPCC indicates that the global average temperature rose by roughly 0.3 °C over the period 1954–1983. Thus, if errors in temperature measurements were of similar size to, or larger than, 0.3 °C, there could be a serious problem for global warming studies. The papers of Jones et al. and Wang et al. both consider this issue. The paper of Jones et al. is one of the main works cited by the IPCC to support its contention that measurement errors arising from urbanization are tiny, and therefore are not a serious problem.
Regarding station movements over time, the papers of Jones et al. and Wang et al. make the following statements.
The stations were selected on the basis of station history: we chose those with few, if any, changes in instrumentation, location or observation times. [Jones et al.]
They were chosen based on station histories: selected stations have relatively few, if any, changes in instrumentation, location, or observation times.... [Wang et al.]
Jones et al. and Wang et al. consider the same 84 meteorological stations in China. Regarding 49 of those stations, the DOE/CAS report says, “station histories are not currently available” and “details regarding instrumentation, collection methods, changes in station location or observing times ... are not known” (sect. 5). For those 49 stations, then, the above-quoted statements from the two papers are impossible.
Regarding the remaining 35 stations that were analyzed by the two papers, I have prepared a summary of the relevant information from the DOE/CAS report. The summary is available at http://www.informath.org/apprise/a5620/b17.htm. As an example from the summary, one station had five different locations during 1954–1983, with the locations as much as 41 km apart. Two other stations each had four different locations. At least half the stations had substantial moves (two other examples, of 25 km and 15 km, were given above). Moreover, several stations have histories that are inconsistent, making reliable analysis unattainable.
The essential point here is that the quoted statements from Jones et al. and Wang et al. cannot be true and could not be in error by accident. The statements are fabricated.
I thoroughly recommend Doug Keenan's website in general. There are other relevant papers, all written with great clarity, generally accessible to a lay reader. (There's also a Knuth cheque to ogle).
I've been saying for some time that "Climate Science" seems to have moved on from ineptness to dishonesty. It is, I think, quite normal in life that the incompetent turn to crime when it turns out that they are not up to earning an honest living. It'll be interesting to see whether my general proposition applies to these folks in particular. One of the driving forces for the Global Warming scam is probably that the world has been overproducing people with PhDs in physics and related sciences for decades.
I've just thought of another explanation for the Global Warming Movement. Maybe it consists largely of rather autistic "scientists" who earnestly imagined that they should rise to the challenge implicit in the old joke that everyone discusses the weather but no-one ever does anything about it.
"One of the driving forces for the Global Warming scam is probably that the world has been overproducing people with PhDs in physics and related sciences for decades."
Dunno. The thought was inspired by recalling a wonderful rant by a mathematician about the harm done by surplus physicists who tried to take over the field of Chaos/Nonlinear Dynamics some time ago. A quick Googling yielded this
Having contributed to the original hoax by publishing Michael Mann's original fouled-up hockey stick without peer review of any kind, it then refused to publish McIntyre & McKittrick's exposure of Mann's blunder.
Now we are seeing very poor "peer review" in Nature, or review by other equally questionable reviewers, with the foxes guarding the henhouse as far as "peer review" is concerned.
This degrades the journal to a 3rd-rate publication, not worthy of trust by serious empirical scientists. The chickens have come home to roost.
This is the "Little Prince" watch the omega replica most basic one, junior three-pin date replica watches display, the price of more than 30,000 to get started is swiss replica watches not so difficult, it is suitable for little money or the breitling replica first time to buy the table Friends.
This is an independent view of the analyst on the basis of the best of the information available. Trading involves considerable risk. Trade at your own risk to the extent you are comfortable. The analyst and this site/company will not be responsible or liable for any losses incurred for acting on these recommendations. Writers may have their own position on the stock so recommended.
Give Your Valuable Suggetion on facebook to make this website more user friendly and more user profiting tips
There is a new printable Starkist Tuna Creations coupon at Starkist facebook page.Free Coupons, Printable Coupons, Grocery Coupons Online - Thousands of coupons and discounts for top manufacturers and brands from FreeCoupons.com.Great Clips has printable coupons right there on their Facebook.
Save money when you shop for footwear at DSW by using the printable coupons and. while men can go through the extensive range from.
Best Websites With Printable Grocery Coupons. coupons and free product samples through social media sites like Facebook.To get access to most Facebook.
Sending birthday printable cards like the Birthday Coupons from BlueMountain.com is. and thread and tie string or yarn through the hole.
Coupon shoppers online can find Snapple discounts through Facebook, Twitter, the official Snapple website,.Save with free food coupons from Coupons.com. Menu. Toggle Search. Walmart. Save Money.
Bissell Machine and Solution Printable Coupons. Most printable coupons can be. she pursued a passion of teaching both in the classroom and through her articles.BeFrugal updates printable coupons for Subway every. please temporarily disable this add-on while shopping through BeFrugal. Learn more. x. menu. Facebook.Take even MORE money off already low prices at Steak n Shake with NEW Coupons valid through January 10, 2018. Includes:.
Now through October 31st save 15% off your entire order online or. coupon codes and printable coupons with savings of up to 40%.
See more of Printable Coupons and Deals on Facebook. sale price through.See more of Rug Doctor Coupons on Facebook. Browse through thousands of Coupons for all your favorite brands,.
Grocery Coupons A-Z. Some coupon offers require you to sign up on the product website or like their Facebook.
By connecting your Facebook account or by signing up for a new Tobi account through Tobi iOS mobile app. Coupons.com Exclusive:.Save with free household coupons from Coupons.com. Menu. Toggle Search. Walmart. Save Money.
Shop online for groceries, find out about our grocery stores, partner promotions, get health and nutritional information, and find all recipes and meals ideas. You will find online coupon codes and printable coupons here on.
- Pipers Parade : several pipers in traditional clothes perform passages of Sicily and world Christimas musical tradition. - Santa Claus Parade : Girls and men dressed as Santa Claus perform Christimas songs follwing sleighs. - Christimas Concert : Musicians and singers preform Christimas song and ballads of Sicilian tradition. - Ballo della Cordella :In a wide square, each dancer dances a tarantella holding a rope which is to be weaved around a pole in order to form wonderful interlacings. - Scotis : A nice and slow dance of French origin involving dancer's legs and hands. - Contraddanza : A fast Tarantella dance of French origin, with dancers led by a chief called "U Bastonieri". _ - A Sudura : A stage rapresentation of the cycle of the wheat, a mixing of traditional songs, prayers, recitations and dances. - Games :Traditional and ancientchild games: (strùmmula ), performed with a wood sphere thrown on the ground to twirl as long as possible; (ciacuddi ), preformed by girls by means of little stones, thrown in the air, which must be collected in one hand only while falling; (marredda), performed by jumping on one foot only within a series of rectangles pictured on the ground without touching any lines; (mazzoli ), a sort of baseball game, where two sticks of wood of different length and size are employed; (secunnu lisciu ), consisting of a series of reapeted jumps of some boys on many other boys' shoulders.
The 2014 World Cup has been one of the most entertaining tournaments for many years and the quality of the competition is helped by the fact that the best players have all hit form. The likes of Neymar, Lionel Messi and Arjen Robben have done all that was expected of them but they have...
The USA were beaten 2-1 by Belgium in an extra-time of Round of 16 game on Tuesday, despite amazing effort throughout the match. The match was so entertaining that it had US president Barack Obama gripped, he was watching the game on a big screen in Washington. The goalkeeper Tim Howard, who had a remarkable...
Uruguay striker Luis Suarez has publicised his apology on his Twitter feed for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during World Cup 2014 Group D game in Brazil. My apologies to Chiellini: pic.twitter.com/CvfkkjxzlM — Luis Suarez (@luis16suarez) June 30, 2014 The striker was banned by FIFA for nine international matches and a four-month suspension...
Selecting the top five goals from the World Cup 2014 group stage was not an easy task, but here (chronological order) is our pick of the best goals so far from the group stage games. Robin Van Persie (Netherlands) vs Spain June 13 in Salvador Van Persie’s stunning header against the defending champions Spain....
Chile ended Spain’s six-year reign as the World’s top football team on Wednesday at Maracana Stadium after stunning 2-0 win over the defending champion. Despite winning the European Championship back in 2008 and 2012, in addition to the World Cup in 2010. Spain are now eliminated from the very first round of World Cup 2014....
The German star Thomas Mueller scored a brilliant hat-trick in an impressive 4-0 victory over Portugal during their opening World Cup Group G match on Monday. The Germans delivered a stunning attacking performance throughout the game. In the 12th minute, the 24-year-old Mueller, who was elected as man of the match smashed the first...
Inspired by the authentic style of adidas football boots, these Adidas Leonero Shoes are reinvented for the board. Made for the wear and tear of the streets, these shoes mix suede and leather-look overlays on the upper for a durable feel. Finished with a stable, supportive rubber cupsole for all-day riding.
Select Problem The Game doesn't work at all A problem Inside the Game The Game has many advertisements The Game redirected me to another websites The Game is not suitable for Kids The resolution of the game is not Good Other
Today's passage reminds us about the priority of mission, the need for working in team, and the reality that friendships can come under pressure.
The Early Church makes an historic decision about the nature of the gospel that remains relevant for all Church history.
Paul's first missionary journey is characterised by him getting knocked down and then getting right back up again.
God is a calling is us to radical obedience, obedience that loves one another and the church as Christ loved us.
On the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Reformation we explore its five central statements that are still so vital today.
We are asking what our lives our built on and looking to the Bible for the right foundations at the beginning of 2017.
Isaiah is a hugely important book, covering massive themes and speaking into specific situations. During this 7 week series we'll see how Isaiah points to Jesus as King, Servant and Conqueror.
This summer at 502 we will be looking at Bible stories commonly used to teach children to ask ourselves what the Bible really says.
Is Jonah's treatment by God fair? Is Jonah's attitude towards Ninevah fair? We are to see that grace is bigger and better than fairness!
Christians are called to be joyful. We explore how Paul can write a letter from prison in Rome to a church in Philippi explaining why he is still joyful and that, although the Philippians are under persecution, they too can be joyful in all things.
Players with the same number of match points are ranked based on three tiebreakers scores according to DCI rules. In order, they are:
BYEs are not included when calculating standings. For example, a player with one BYE, one win, and one loss has a match win percentage of .50 rather than .66
Archives Select Month August 2018 (2) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (3) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (10) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (4) July 2016 (8) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (15) October 2015 (17) September 2015 (2)
I had had this idea for quite a while in my head, I think that Self-consciousness has taught me that the mind does not store information as chunks of text ant that the visual imagery I “see” in my reflections is more or less the most pure state of my recalled thoughts and memories.
I guess I think without language, and I translate mental images onto lenguaje often to rationalize them, so maybe a more important question would be, Could I reflect without language? Could I use a mix of images and language?. (I know that the answer to the last one is yes).
Last week I went on a trip to Paris, nice weather, lovely company and lots of interesting places to visit. Since the first day, I used my camera for different experiments while walking freely through the streets of this wonderful city, one might say that this was my first big psychogeographic exploration.
Right now I am building several models and I wanted to post some renders of one that is really interesting for me as it combines an actual object with a chunk of the surrounding environment.
This exercise has taught me a lot, now I am planning to build both a VR “walk around” and a 360 video.
I think I have a lot to explore, many ideas in my head, it is really interesting to create “3D found objects” from photographs, there are a lot of technical questions to keep in mind but I really like aesthetics of this digitalization process, I think this offers a lot of opportunities for my research on the process of memory preservation an recollection.
Posted on June 13, 2016 October 22, 2016 Author gatoAlejoCategories My WorkTags 3D model, memory, photogrammetry, Photography, psychogeography, Sculpture, virtual reality
The Farmingdale State women’s volleyball team is hard at work this preseason. They will be holding a fundraiser breakfast on Sunday, Sept. 4, from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. at Applebee’s (200 Airport Plaza) in East Farmingdale, N.Y.
The Rams will be selling tickets for the Flapjack fundraiser for $15. The breakfast includes pancakes, sausage, scrambled eggs and a beverage (coffee, juice, soda or tea).
Hicksville News has served the community of Hicksville since 1986, acting as a trusted source for local news and community events.
Hicksville News has served the community of Hicksville since 1986, acting as a trusted source for local news and community events, from school field trips, to high school athletics, emerging businesses and tradesman and board meetings.
You are in the right place at the right time. The demand for a dentist that can deliver a properly engineered occlusion has never been greater. In order to deliver, you need reliable systems that are easily applied and get consistent results. The acid test of any system is: Does it work in your hands? In your office? On your patients?
A method for planning the treatment of complicated wear cases and how to improve their esthetics with predictability and longevity
Tags: Line Painting, Line Painting, Line Painting, Line Painting, Line Painting, Line Painting, London, Scotland businesses, Diamond Line Painting,
Moving is a big and complicated task. There are tons of things to remember like packing the useful stuff, booking the movers, taking kids out of the...
For any business, bookkeeping can be a tedious job. Keeping a tab on all the transactions, receipts, purchases, sales etc. can be extremely boring,...
No one will ever complain that their house is too clean and having a clean house will make you feel better about yourself & will help keep your...
Environmental studies is a broad academic field and it deals with many scientific areas, such as astronomy, meteorology, oceanography, ecology, and...
Topping a tree is generally an outdated practice that can often times cause more harm than good. Because of the way trees heal their wounds, you...
Amazing ,fantastic,full of awesome, enthusiastic and complete packages for family and school tour is at kingfisher aravali resort in gurgaon where you can find all the things which you are expecting for picnic spots in gurgaon,school picnic near delhi and resort in gurgaon you call 9896940426.
Advanced Excel is an Excel specialized institute for all which will help the people on different level (Beginners, Middle and on Manger Level). Advanced Excel will help you to build your knowledge in Advanced Excel and VBA Macros.
Send Flowers To Gurgaon, flower delivery in gurgaon, Best Florist In Gurgaon, gurgaon florist, florist in gurgaon, online florist in gurgaon, same day flowers delivery in gurgaon, midnight flowers delivery in gurgaon, gurgaon online florist
Gurgaon is an incredible city and a part of the National Capital Region that many want to be a part of today. As it goes through constant development, an organized life is what you can surely live in Gurgaon.
Advanced Excel is an Excel specialized institute for all which will help the people on different level (Beginners, Middle and on Manger Level). Advanced Excel will help you to build your knowledge in Advanced Excel and VBA Macros.You may avail a free demo class too.
Garima Patient Care offers best home care and nursing care service in Gurgaon Delhi NCR, Noida, Ghaziabad, Faridabad. We provide highly qualified and trained nurses for patient treatment at home.
Advanced Excel Institute offers you the best advanced excel training in Gurgaon with its new and updated 2018 version. You can learn how to prepare balance sheet, reporting in advanced excel, data mining in excel and more with our expert trainers.
Eugendorf.net is an open source content management system that lets you easily create your own social network.
*Population figures must be confirmed from the electoral roll and a map supplied covering the area involved in the competition.
There will be an annual Awards Ceremony in September for representatives of all entrants who will be presented with Award Certificates, and if applicable, trophies.
There are seven of these awards which are discretionary, irrespective of category and awarded by the Judging panel as merited, and no entry form is necessary. These awards are:
TDP East Midlands in Bloom Award for Horticultural Excellence within Parks sponsored by TDP, Wirksworth
Taylors Bulbs East Midlands in Bloom Award for the Most Improved Entrant sponsored by O. A. Taylor & Sons Bulbs Ltd.
Barcham Trees East Midlands in Bloom Award for the Best New Permanent Landscape sponsored by Barcham Trees
John Williamson East Midlands in Bloom Trophy for the Best Business Improvement District sponsored by Amberol Ltd.
There are four of these awards which require submission of an entry form which can be found on this website.
The Frank Constable MBE Award in memory of our late President stipulates that the nominated garden entry must come through a registered “In Bloom” entrant. The other three special awards can be entered irrespective of whether or not there is an “In Bloom” entry in their location.
*An entry fee of £10 is required for entries into the Best Hotel/Pub Garden or Display and Best Retail/Commercial Premises if there is no “In Bloom” entry in their location.
This takes place during July and the entrants will be contacted by the judges in May or June. Judging criteria include:
"Alzheimer's 101" program at the Library: This program will provide a comprehensive overview for anyone who wants to learn about memory loss, Alzheimer's disease, and other forms of dementia. Information about risk factors and warning signs, steps to obtaining a diagnosis, and treatment options will be discussed. Planning for the future, coping with behavioral and other changes, and accessing community resources will also be reviewed. Thursday, January 11, 2018 @ 6:30 PM, at the East Rutherford Public Library. To register, click here.
ARE YOU PREPARED TO MEET THE LIFE CHANGES FOR YOUR CHILD OR PARENT WITH SPECIAL NEEDS? Come to this free event to learn about the legal, and how to care for aging citizens or someone with special needs. Please register for this event by e-mail to
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. For additional info, please see the below flyer.
Credits are guaranteed transferable to many of NJs public and private 4 year colleges and universities.
Four years ago, two 16-year-olds from East Rutherford had an idea for an event that would draw attention to the growing number of suicides in New Jersey. In 2013, high school freshman Faith Banca and Rebecca Cruz organized the first Sing into the Sunlight Concert & Festival. On Saturday, June 11, 2016, the fourth annual event will again put a spotlight on suicide prevention and awareness.
Story time with Mayor Cassella on March 24, 2016 at 1:30PM and ERPD monthly story time with Police Chief Minda on Monday, March 28, 2016 at 10:30AM (this will be a monthly event taking place the 4th Monday of every month with a different member of the ERPD).
Calling all seniors! Every day, more and more seniors are being scammed. Come to the East Rutherford Memorial Library’s program on March 28, 2016 at 2:00PM, and educate yourself and learn how to protect yourself from these scam artists. This informative program will be given by Lt. Keith Delaney of the Bergen County Prosecutor’s Office. For more information, please call (201) 939-3930 or e-mail Library Director Chris Hartigan at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
East Rutherford teens will be volunteering their tech-savvy skills to seniors who are interested in learning social media or improving their computer knowledge. These one-on-one sessions will take place at the East Rutherford Memorial Library during "Teen Tech Week", Monday, March 7 through Saturday, March 12. If you ever wanted to learn how to tweet, open an e-mail account, or create a Facebook account, this is your chance. Priority will be given to East Rutherford residents. To set up a time, please call the Library at 201-939-3930. For more information, please contact Ms. Russo at 201-939-3930.
Have questions about Medicare? On Monday, September 21, 2015 at 6:30PM, the East Rutherford Memorial Library will present "Medicare Made Easy", with Robert Frank of Absolute Insurance Management. To register, visit eastrutherford.bccls.org or call 201-939-3930.
Here are the Summer Concert Series dates for 2015. All concerts start at 7:30 p.m. at Sesselman Park, at Carlton Avenue & River Street. Please bring your own chairs.
Celebrate Arbor Day and get your FREE TREE seedling at the Rutherford Community Garden, 280 Erie Avenue, Rutherford, on Saturday, 4/25 from 9 am to 1 pm! Take part in New Jersey's Tree Recovery Campaign to help replace trees lost in the hurricanes, superstorms and snowstorms of the last few years.
There are a variety of 1-2 feet tall seedlings available on a first-come, first-served basis, including Redbuds, Dogwoods, various Oak varieties, Ironwood/Hophornbeams, Basswood/Lindens and the evergreens Norway Spruce and Douglas Firs, among others. Help keep East Rutherford green and beautiful!
Planting instructions are provided, but remember to research your species and consider the size of the tree when fully grown so that you plant in the right place, being mindful of overhead and underground utility lines and proximity to structures. Call 811 before digging!
Breakfast with the Easter Bunny will take place on Saturday, March 28, 2015 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. at the East Rutherford Community Center.
On Saturday, October 18, 2014, the Grove Street Park will be renamed and dedicated to Seaman First Class Anthony Gallo.
Anthony was awarded numerous metals for his service including: Military Order of the Purple Heart; WWII Victory Medal; American Campaign Medal; Good Conduct Medal; Asian Pacific Campaign Medal with Battle Stars; and the Philippine Liberation Medal. Anthony was later recognized by the State of New Jersey and awarded the New Jersey Distinguished Service Medal and the Bergen County Medal of Honor.
All are invited and encouraged to attend. Grove Street will be closed from Mozart to Clinton from approximately 12:30-2:30pm.
The Nissan Leaf has laminated lithium-ion batteries of 24 kWh driving an 80 kW synchronous AC motor with drive train on the front axle. In the less rugged but more sensitive type illustrated at the right in Fig. 10.9 the coil is suspended by means of a fine phosphor-bronze fiber which exerts a smaller restoring torque than the spiral spring used in the pivot type of instrument. How can you tell if an object is positively or negatively charged. In particular. the resulting theory(electromagnetism) is fully consistent with special relativity. when both electricity and magnetism are taken into account.
We suggest you to collect the materials and perform the experiments by yourselves Coherent Optical Interactions in Semiconductors (Nato Science Series B:) Coherent Optical Interactions in. The magnetic field(at a given point) is specified by two properties:(l) its direction The Physics of read pdf read pdf. These are conservation equations and imply only J — 1 conditions on the branch currents. Thus there are B — (J — 1) linearly independent currents and an equal number of equations must be obtained to solve for them all. This is the number of circuits that must be traversed in the network in order to obtain an adequate number of equations of the type (4.1) Near-Equilibrium Transport:Fundamentals and Applications: Volume 2 (Lessons from Nanoscience: A Lecture Notes Series) Near-Equilibrium Transport:Fundamentals. Examples of electromagnetic waves traveling through space independent of matter are radio and television waves, microwaves, infrared rays, visible light, ultraviolet light, X-rays, and gamma rays ref.: Electrical Papers (Cambridge download pdf download pdf. UNITS AND STANDARDS 601 Hence the system is chosen in such a way as to simplify these latter expressions, namely, dB curl H = U and curl E = — -^ Also the units of ampere, ohm, volt, etc, which are of convenient mag- nitudes and have been widely used for many years are retained download. The Volt is charged in eight hours from 120 volt outlet or half that from 240 volts, so presumably at 16 amps , cited: Elementary Lectures on Electric Discharges, Waves and Impulses, and Other Transients (Classic Reprint) www.gastrotarget.de. According to classical That latter idea was not borne out. What did prove to be a fateful time, a teacher at a Swiss girls' school, a man who had never before As did others before him, he thought that the spectrum of the hydrogen atom might be the best place to look for regularities. Angstrom, who had discovered four lines their wavelengths y with impressive accuracy , cited: Characterization of the Electrical Environment (Heritage) Characterization of the Electrical. Electromagnetism discusses both time variant magnetic fields and time variant electric fields. • Electromagnetism is a fundamental force of nature while magnetism alone is not. • Electric monopoles can exist while magnetic monopoles do not. • A magnetic field always require an electric current while an electric current will always generate a magnetic field epub.
Consider a current i flowing in an infinitesimal length of wire repre- sented by the vector dl. Near the wire the vector potential must reduce to the form of the Biot-Savart law which is seen to be the case on substituting i dl for i„ dv in the expression for A At a distant point dA = £° 'dl dA = Mo i[t - (r/c)] dl 47T r where i[t — (r/c)] is written for (i) pdf. From Eq. (7.10) the plate •Graphical analysis of the linear operation of a triode. circuit is made up of resistances r x and r p with an effective but ficticious emf. n P e g , source: Auroral Plasma Physics (Space Sciences Series of ISSI) http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/auroral-plasma-physics-space-sciences-series-of-issi. Here are two electromagnets of very different size. At the left is the Great Electromagnet made by the Maynooth (Ireland) village blacksmith in 1836 for Nicholas Callan of St , e.g. D(X) Centres and other download here http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/d-x-centres-and-other-metastable-defects-in-semiconductors-proceedings-of-the-int-symposium. If you are doing a Science Buddies project involving magnets, be sure to read the safety precautions for that specific project before you start ref.: The Physics of Electricity and Magnetism http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/the-physics-of-electricity-and-magnetism. India. by suitable hydraulic methods. which has been going to waste since the world began. is now being converted into electricity and transmitted by wire hundreds of miles to points where it is usefully and economically employed.000. thereby in large measure conserving the limited quantity of the world's coal. and it is difficult to find one stearn railroad engineer who would have denied that all the important stearn railroads of this country were not to be operated electrically. and which inexhaustible product may in time be economically available to replenish the failing powers of the farm lands of America and other countries. to as low as that used in residential domestic use.000 electric horse power here represented. three-phase electrical current. a combination which Danish engineers have shown to be commercially possible The Physics of Superconductors, Vol. 1: Conventional and High-Tc Superconductors eatdrinkitaly.org.
The case of the point charge and plane which is depicted at the left in Fig. 1.24 may be considered in more detail as an illustrative example. The potential of the point P having the coordinates x and y is given by v = ^W + (x- d)T* - [y 2 + (x + d)T^} The field components are obtained by taking the negative partial deriva- tives with respect to x and y 1 Electronic Hobbyists Data Book read for free read for free. It is evident from 56 ELECTROSTATIC ENERGY AND DIELECTRICS [Chap. II the above discussion that the charge sensitivity of the instrument may- be altered by placing additional capacity between the quadrants At Home and Abroad: A Sketch-Book of Life, Scenery, and Men At Home and Abroad: A Sketch-Book of. The characteristics depend largely on the position and spacing of the grid. A coarse-mesh grid near the plate has relatively little control of the plate current and yields a small amplification factor, of the order of 1-5, whereas a fine-mesh grid close to the cathode has a much greater control over the space current and leads to amplification factors of the order of 20-100 Nuclear Power Plant Operations (The Science of Electricity) eatdrinkitaly.org. Alternatively it may be Sec. 11.4] DETERMINATION OF M AND Xfl 355 obtained by considering that the magnetization of a block of uniformly magnetized material may be thought of as due to an infinite solenoid carrying a current i s per unit length New Research on Semiconductors http://premium-polymer.com.ua/books/new-research-on-semiconductors. XV Output natural frequency of the crystal. As in the case of most oscillator cir- cuits, the mean grid potential is determined by the I c r c drop in a resistance in series with the grid. This method of obtaining grid bias makes the oscillator self -starting and the bias self-adjusting. The alternating current that the ordinary crystal a few square centimeters in area can carry safely is of the order of 0.05 amp., but for the production of constant frequencies it should be kept to a much smaller value online. Thus the field to the right of the central vertical line produced by these two charges is the same as that produced by a point charge q a distance d in front of an infinite earthed conducting plane epub.
The Physics of MOS Insulators: Proceedings of the International Topical Conference on the Physics of MOS Insulators Held at the Jane S. McKimmon Conference ... Raleigh, North Carolina, June 18-20, 1980
Voltage Regulation of Solarcell Charging by Closed Loop Buck Chopper: Modelling and Simulation of Closed loop Buck chopper
A quartz envelope may be used for the ultraviolet region of the spectrum. Figure 6.21 indicates the response characteristics for an ordinary potas- 14 12 «0 — 15 w -felQ - 5 ( 1 / 1 y ' (90 -23 -volts) ^ / — PJ-22 (90-vo/ts) / /PJ- 23 on fill l o tube. ?d ) L 1 0. .umer 2 0. 3 ^ PJ-22 High vacuum (0.5 lumen) 10 20 30 60 70 80 90 40 50 Vol+a Fig. 6.20. — Representative phototube characteristics. sium surface and for a carefully prepared surface of cesium on oxygen on silver , e.g. Physiological Optics (Springer Series in Optical Sciences) www.gastrotarget.de. The production of a few ions will set off the counter as by a trigger action but as long as the potential is below 675 volts, the discharge will stop if the source of ionization is removed , cited: America Votes 13 download for free. This is very useful to us here on Earth as it lets us use magnets in compasses to find our way and make sure we are heading in the right direction Classical Electrodynamics:2nd (Second) edition http://dj-jan.ru/?books/classical-electrodynamics-2-nd-second-edition. However, their invention remains an impressive feat of engineering, especially given their ages: None of them was older than 15 at the completion of their project. Commuters in southwestern England may be creating power with their cars these days: The city has begun installing electro-kinetic road ramps epub. Thin wire requires a small form, thick wire requires a larger form. Leaving a couple of inches of wire free at one end, wind 25 or 30 turns arounf the coil form. Don't try to be neat, a little randomness will help the bundle keep its shape better. The coil will end up looking like the photo below: Now carefully pull the coil off of the form, holding the wire so it doesn't spring out of shape epub. This means that the magnetic energy in the conductor is less than for steady currents and, as can be seen from the methods of calculating the coefficients of induction in Sec. 9.6, this implies that the self-induction of a circuit can be expected to decrease slightly as the frequency increases , e.g. Printed MIMO Antenna read here read here. Perhaps this section should be title "megamagnetism". The earth's magnetic poles are near but not on the geographic poles. The south magnetic pole is currently about one hundred kilometers north of Canada in the Arctic Ocean. The north magnetic pole is currently about one hundred kilometers north of eastern Antarctica in the Pacific Ocean. field reversals on a time scale between human and geologic, something like the time scale between ice ages, but episodic not periodic Then work your way out into space Asymptotic Completeness, Global Existence and the Infrared Problem for the Maxwell-Dirac Equations (Memoirs of the American Mathematical Society) http://www.gastrotarget.de/freebooks/asymptotic-completeness-global-existence-and-the-infrared-problem-for-the-maxwell-dirac-equations. Robocop or robo-soldier has an incredible advantage with such extended memex/remote viewing capabilities. The World Order has experimented in memex/remote viewing along several divergent paths Probe Suppression in Conformal Phased Array (Springerbriefs in Electrical and Computer Engineering) www.jennifermacniven.com. Briefly explain what static electricity is? 18. Now that you have explained static electricity, you are ready to try the balloon activity found on the site and explain why the balloon sticks to the wall. Continue to click on the right arrow. 20. If you have finished early, you may visit http://www.wonderville.ca/v1/home.html Click on energy street and design your own energy efficient city street Basic Electricity for download for free Basic Electricity for Electricians.
Injuries can be minimized with proper supervision and the use of appropriate technique. Aug 22, 2016 In our studies and practice of HEMA many of us do it to get a bit of a refuge from other things, from worries and concerns, to get away and narrow reality down to a tight focus on just the fun and excitement of fighting. The same goes for your woodcutters; they use battle axes to chop down trees. You might be looking to prepare your child for the challenges of the fast paced 21st Century; maybe you're looking to learn how to defend yourself, or to get in shape.
Have we had guys who've tested positive for steroids? But I'd say for the amount of fights that we have, and the amount of athletes we have under contract, it hasn't been very bad. Our guys have been pretty good about that," White says. White did enough to clean up Ultimate Fighting that Sen. McCain has softened his critique. "They have cleaned up the sport to the point, at least in my view, where it is not human cockfighting any more The Great Stillness, the Water Method of Taoist Meditation The Great Stillness, the Water Method of. I went from being over 250 lbs to 215 in the first 3 months. Now I fight at 185 lbs., planning on dropping to 170 Sanchin: The Inner Structure of Uechi-Ryu http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/sanchin-the-inner-structure-of-uechi-ryu. Some branches of the YMCA offer karate classes for $50 a month or less for adult members. Contact a YMCA near you to determine whether it offers a martial arts program. Shopping for martial arts classes: USADojo.com offers tips on choosing a type of martial art[ 5 ] , e.g. Time Out for Bullies..safe in download online download online. List Criteria: Shows near the top must be only the best Martial Arts TV series , e.g. Got Fight?: The 50 Zen download for free Got Fight?: The 50 Zen Principles of. D.,ScD.(The oldest and most prestigious martial arts Hall of Fame in the world 8 Winds Institute of Combat read pdf read pdf. Keep these rules in mind as you follow the flexibility plan: Warm up thoroughly prior to starting. When stretching, push to the point just before discomfort. The muscle will feel tight at first, but this should diminish as the stretch is held. Instead, let the air out of your lungs as you move into the stretch , e.g. Shinsengumi: The Shogun's Last Samurai Corps http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/shinsengumi-the-shoguns-last-samurai-corps. World Martial Arts is dedicated to promoting health, strength, and longevity. We, as a team, strive for the following: To listen to and understand the wants and needs of our students and families, and to address those wants and needs specifically. To continually educate and train ourselves and update our skills in communication and instruction to maintain our commitment to excellence 5 Element Qigong: The 5-Minute Health and Harmony Exercise Instruction Book by Jamie Moffett (2003-06-01) martha.web2treat.com. We have classes for everyone in the family and awesome packages to suit your budget! Try us out for 2 FREE classes by filling out the form above Legs boxing (Chinese martial arts and Qigong Series) 302321(Chinese Edition) Legs boxing (Chinese martial arts and!
Sifu Jackson is a 6th level Associate Instructor under Sifu/Guro Dan Insosanto. The OAMA teaches Jun Fan/Jeet Kune Do, Filipino and Indonesian Martial Arts, Muay Thai, and grappling arts.) International Kuntaw Federation by Master William J. Spence(This is the updated link to the Federation headquarters home page , e.g. How to develop the BOX splits: With simple to follow exercises you can do at home www.revoblinds.com. The comprehensive and popular Judo site with complete references on Judo history, principles, philosophy, tournaments, techniques, humor, and more ... The United States Ju-Jitsu Federation is one of the oldest and largest Ju-Jitsu organization in the United States of America online. Many martial arts combine internal and external methods , cited: Ground Kicks: Advanced Martial Arts Kicks for Ground-fighting from Karate, Krav Maga, MMA, Capoeira, Kung Fu and more http://hammocksonline.net/ebooks/ground-kicks-advanced-martial-arts-kicks-for-ground-fighting-from-karate-krav-maga-mma-capoeira. If I was to do more than one, I would add Krav Maga. Doing it for years, been attacked twice on the street (once with the knife), in both cases the preparation I got in the classes were more than enough to be successful in both cases without taking any damage, to tell the true my pulse did not even rise in both situation, because it was "way easier" than on the training, where we are going trough the very complicated scenarios and situations Judo: The Skills of the Game read epub.
PROMOTE Any business via this new and exciting Social/Business media platform. Welcome to Challenger Martial Arts Supplies. Enjoy safe, secure shopping for all of your martial arts equipment needs. We offer quality martial arts uniforms, maratial arts shoes, sparring gear, kicking shields and targets, as well as, name brand martial arts gear from Adidas, Nike, Macho and Vision Martial Arts The Martial Arts Parent's Frequently Asked Questions: How to Unlock Your Child's Potential Through Martial Arts (The Asian Sun Martial Arts Series Book 1) The Martial Arts Parent's Frequently. PURSUIT OF PERSONAL EXCELLENCE Home About Us We Offer Class Schedule Contact Us Instructors News & Updates Photo Gallery TODAY'S DATE You are visitor number site maintained by JMD Health & Fitness of mind, body and spirit THE TRUE TRADITION OF KUNG FU The real value of Chinese Martial Arts goes beyond self-defense, it lies within the strong traditional training that all kung fu systems .. pdf. Totally hands-on instructors with real-world defensive tactics and martial arts experience , cited: Tai Chi for Better Breathing: Relaxation Exercises for Asthma Relief aurelberger.fr. The grappling nature of Judo puts a greater priority on maximal strength compared with other martial arts Shin-Gahn-Do Guide and Rule Book read pdf. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publishing, Inc , e.g. Chi Gong (Trade) download epub http://sdbec.org/?library/chi-gong-trade. The MASuperShow is often thought of as a BUSINESS event. It definitely is, but it is so much more. Every year we have the best, most well-respected and talented martial artists from all systems and styles in attendance. Come share the mat with teachers, legends and celebrities. At our industry tradeshow, you will see the newest, latest and greatest innovations, uniforms and training devices before the back-to-school and holiday seasons epub. The sport has gained worldwide attention and today there are schools all over the world. This combat system was developed in Israel and has been adopted by military units and police forces around the world for its effectiveness. The martial art is not a sport and has no competitions, but has a specific focus on self-defense in a “real-life” application , cited: Judo: History, Theory, Practice read epub. When you take care of your responsibility, you are creating your own success. Responsibility is just opportunity in another name. You define the moment; don’t let the moment define you. Providing Martial Arts and Character Development for Adults and Children in the Dayton Metro Area Since 1987 , e.g. Vital Point Strikes: The Art & Science of Striking Vital Targets for Self-Defense and Combat Sports download online.
T'ai Chi Ch'uan and The 8 Directions: In Search of the Beginning (Volume 1) by Petra Kobayashi (2014-07-01)
Thorough preparation is essential and you should ensure that you have adequate facilities to cope with life and limb-threatening injuries. You will need a sound knowledge of the principles of trauma resuscitation, cervical spine immobilisation and splinting of injured limbs. Above all, do not underestimate the severity of the injuries that you are being asked to assess Tai Chi for Beginners: The Ultimate Guide to Supercharge Your Mind, Increase Your Energy & Feel Amazing By Unlocking the Power of Tai Chi (Tai Chi - Tai ... How to Fight - Martial Arts for Beginners) http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/tai-chi-for-beginners-the-ultimate-guide-to-supercharge-your-mind-increase-your-energy-feel. There are two types of karate competition: in a kata competition, the participants demonstrate a choreographed series of kata, both offensive and defensive; in a kumite (sparring) match, the aim is to be the first to score 3 points within 3 minutes, with a point for each punch, thrust or kick executed correctly download. Our Children's Martial Arts program is an exciting and dynamic mix of striking (punching and kicking), throws, ground-work along with self-defense techniques such as how to escape from holds and grabs etc, we also teach defenses that work against adults too. Our program is organized into semesters (there are no contracts etc your child signs up for each semester without any obligation), that follow the school terms, and in each semester your child will learn new techniques, as well as revising and practicing old ones online. Yvel out of WFA 2, offici... silva still fight vale tu... The AJJF promotes Danzan Ryu Jujitsu, an effective system of self-defense that incorporates physical and mental training within a philosophy of ethical and moral development. Martial arts and Mixed Martial Arts information, techniques, books, videos, styles, news, videos, pictures, and more , e.g. New England Uechiryu Karate read here. Tang Soo Do enthusiasts call their sport an “art” because it is more about proper form than competition. With that being said, Tang Soo Do is a Korean martial art that develops the body, mind, and spirit. From a physical conditioning aspect, it will help build stamina and strength , e.g. American Kenjutsu: Volume 1 read here read here. We took part in certain international and professional leagues, tournaments and have honorable prizes. In Movember 27 of 2000 JKD federation of RA had organized festival fiest of eastern Single combat. which was dedicated to the 60-th anniversary of the greatest master Bruce Lee , source: Silat for the Street: Using the Ancient Martial Art for Self-Defense in the 21st Century http://www.jennifermacniven.com/books/silat-for-the-street-using-the-ancient-martial-art-for-self-defense-in-the-21-st-century. You and your kids are part of something here, not just a number on a spreadsheet. In the 20 years since I started going martial arts, I have rarely found a better instructor that Sensei Chuck Wall. His technique is outstanding, but what separates him from others are three things: his thorough knowledge of the application of the techniques, his ability to integrate technique practice into each activity (from warm-ups onward in the class), and his ability to connect and motivate students of any age or skill level , source: Seeking the Master of Mo Pai: read here read here. Is based on JKD, Jeet Kune Do Concepts, Kickboxing, Trapping, Grappling, Kali. We are a small non-profit group, working out for self improvement throught the Martial Arts.) WORLD HEAD OF FAMILY SOKESHIP COUNCIL by PROFESSOR FRANK E Aikido Beyond Questions Often Asked http://martha.web2treat.com/ebooks/aikido-beyond-questions-often-asked. Course offered by ITCA – International Triathlon Coaching Association. 4.0 NESTA CEUs, 20 ISSA CEUs, 1.9 NASM CEUs, 2 NSCA CEUs, 4.0 MMACA Click for More Details Learn about ideal nutrition, including proven techniques for increased energy, better health and decreased dependence on medications. Dramatically increase your job and career opportunities with this new credential. 1.5 NESTA CEUs, 15 ISSA CEUs, 1.5 MMACA CEUs, 1.5 ITCA CEUs Click for More Details Effectively design fitness training programs targeting ideal heart rate zones ref.: Self Defence: The Simple Truth http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/self-defence-the-simple-truth.
Powered by WordPress | Designed by: seo company | Thanks to seo jobs, denver colorado and wedding rings
I still have a drink occasionally, but try to keep it limited to social gatherings and not an everyday thing. All plans are 4-week plans that allow you to eat 6 times a day, enjoy plenty of fresh produce, form healthier eating habits, and steadily lose weight throughout the program. Best wishes as you continue on the program. Also, if you use Nutrisystem for one month, and then decide you want to cancel after that, there are other routes you can go to avoid paying the early termination fee. This was helpful in determining which program to start! All its meals are built on the foundation of three strong pillars:
Approximately 5 percent of people in the U. This is the equivalent of more than four cans every day. There are ways of sourcing products with less solid fat or empty sugars.
Rather than choosing the standard hot dog or a fatty cheese, for example, a person could choose low-fat options for either.
However, even the lower-fat options are no replacement for calories consumed from sources that also provide nutritional benefit. Most Americans don't have much room in their diets for a completely nutrient-void beverage. One recent study showed that drinking more than one sugar-sweetened beverage a day increases your risk of high blood pressure. It's better if you can avoid them altogether and instead consume water, fat-free or 1 percent fat milk, percent fruit juice, and low-sodium vegetable juices.
The intake of empty calories can be avoided or dramatically reduced by incorporating fresh, healthy food and drink into the diet. Calories seem to be linked only to weight gain and obesity, but they are vital for health. They only pose a health risk when people consume more than the recommended amount. When thinking about calories, you should not be considering just your diet but also your level of physical activity.
A high intake of calories can be countered with regular, high-intensity exercise. Article last updated by Yvette Brazier on Wed 13 December All references are available in the References tab. Consumption of sugar drinks in the United States, Sugar-sweetened beverages and consumption. How many calories does physical activity use burn? High caloric intake at breakfast vs. Obesity Silver Spring , 21 12 , A new method to monitor the contribution of fast food restaurants to the diets of US children [Abstract].
PLoS One, 9 7 , Retrieved from https: MNT is the registered trade mark of Healthline Media. Any medical information published on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and you should not take any action before consulting with a healthcare professional.
Privacy Terms Ad policy Careers. This page was printed from: Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account.
More Sign up for our newsletter Discover in-depth, condition specific articles written by our in-house team. Please accept our privacy terms We use cookies and similar technologies to improve your browsing experience, personalize content and offers, show targeted ads, analyze traffic, and better understand you. Sign in Log in with your Medical News Today account to create or edit your custom homepage, catch-up on your opinions notifications and set your newsletter preferences.
Register for a free account Sign up for a free Medical News Today account to customize your medical and health news experiences. Register take the tour. Table of contents What are calories? Daily requirement Calories and health Empty calories Takeaway. Fast facts on calories Calories are essential for human health. The key is consuming the right amount. Everyone requires different amounts of energy each day, depending on age, sex, size, and activity level.
People in the United States consume more than 11 percent of their daily calories from fast food. Foods high in energy but low in nutritional value provide empty calories. The nutritional information on all food packaging will advise how many calories it contains. A hearty breakfast can help the body to use calories more effectively. What you need to know. Sugary drinks are the main source of empty calories for people in the U. This content requires JavaScript to be enabled.
Please use one of the following formats to cite this article in your essay, paper or report: If no author information is provided, the source is cited instead. Latest news Chronic pain and the power of placebo. The placebo effect is stronger in some people than in others. A new study unlocks the psychological and neuroanatomical differences between these people.
Three daily servings of dairy may keep your heart healthy. New research rehabilitates the heart-healthy role of whole-fat dairy products, as a high intake is found to lower the risk of cardiovascular mortality.
My NuMi bottle issue was already taken care of. He therefore missed the window to order the bottle in time for the 2nd month shipment.
We would like to have it delivered with the order that is coming up for the 3rd month - we get auto delivery, so it is already set up. We are happy to hear that your water bottle issue has been handled but are sad to hear that your husband is still having issues. We will be assigning this to a member of the Consumer Experience Team who will be reaching out soon. I am very disappointed with the food. Most of it tastes the same to me and actually upsets my stomach.
I did not realize I only had two weeks to cancel and much of that was mostly drinks. Then you keep trying different food thinking something will be edible. I know there is plenty of fine print in contracts that should be read. I do not recall being verbally told about these conditions. This was a lesson that left a very bad taste in my mouth. We are sorry that the foods upset your stomach and that you were unaware of the auto-delivery nature of the program.
Not clear when I ordered that it would be on automatic order. Food is not good, not good instructions, dinners were bland. Too many entrees with spicy tomato sauce and cheese, dinners are bland.
Shakes made me sick. Emails were only to sell more. Thank you for writing this review. We are sad to hear the foods were not to your liking and that the deliveries would be automatic. We will be looking into your account and reaching out soon. This is a follow-up to the review I posted on September 5. Soon after I posted my first review, a rep from Nutrisystem contacted me via email.
The email was courteous, professional, and apologetic for the experience I had. The rep went on to offer replacement of the damaged food items I had received and encouraged me to give their company another try. In light of this swift response and their sincere desire to ensure that I was happy with their product and service, I am revising my review. I accepted a ready-made menu that containing some items that I did not enjoy. In the future, I will make a point to select food items that I now know to be more to my liking than others.
I am very pleased and heartened by Nutrisystem's timely reply and concern for my purchase. They deserve a second chance. I ordered my month's supply of diet food from Nutrisystem with high hopes. When the food shipment arrived, most of the frozen breakfast items were broken into small bits; when I opened the packages, the bits fell out.
Then I tried the frozen lunches. Since I take these to work, the only heating option is microwave. Anything with bread or chicken comes out chewy, gooey, and icy cold in the center. It actually made me gag and lose my appetite, which wasn't the diet plan I expected. I am very careful when reading agreements, and for this item to be overlooked was no easy feat. Fineprint at the end will do that to you.
To add insult to injury, the obnoxious customer service person on the phone refused to accept my cancellation until she badgered me with questions and hard sell tactics in a desperate attempt to keep me buying their awful food. Overall, this was a horrible experience. I will never use or recommend Nutrisystem again. We are so sorry to hear about your poor experience with the delivery of your foods, the food itself, and the representative you dealt with. We will be taking a peek at your account and reaching out soon.
Was not satisfied with the taste of most of the foods, had to throw it away and buy something else, and most of the desserts had an ok flavor, And a lot of meals with cheese. I was not happy with that. My first order included items I didn't order and one that I'm allergic to its ingredients. I was told by one person the items were probably substitutions and when ready they would be replaced.
When I called the customer service lady was very rude, basically stated I was lying and wouldn't allow me to speak to a supervisor. I'm very disappointed with the service I receive so I will take my business to a place that has better customer service. Went thru a few months of products. Following it closely and exercised Sent email to customer support and I was told to think of it as not wasted but I received nutritional food with fiber Now I know why it only got one star.
Weight loss system worksstale product and no one to answer to except counselors with no control. I emailed three correspondences to FIVE different departments only to receive a notice that they don't reply to emails because they were too busy.
I also included to them pictures of the moldy carrot cake, along with the packaging that states the date is still okay.
The oatmeal is so stale it sticks to the side of the package and had to pour hot water in the bag to get the product out. Chocolate covered pretzels are stale. We did call and the rep was very nice and stated that she couldn't do anything except replace our stale food. How many packages were bad? I honestly didn't count how many items I threw awayat their prices ANY wasted product is too many! Doesn't anyone there want to see a photo of the stale food?
Does anyone there care? VERY poor about keeping the customer happy, however, are not timid about selling you the program.
Shame on you, Nutrisystem. We are sorry to hear about the spoiled and stale items you received. We will be reviewing your account and reaching out soon. I am not sure why in today's time of electronics that it takes so long to get the information.
We are sorry to hear that it took you so long to receive the information you needed for the program. We will be reaching out shortly. Pleased with the conversation with my counselor. I feel I have a better handle on what I should be doing.
I am looking forward to losing the weight I have set my goal for. Thank you very much for your help. We are happy to hear that you feel like you understand the program better after speaking with one of our counselors. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help! I wrote in with a few complaints about some of the food I received; some broken food, bags not sealed and crushed muffins. Allison was very helpful and courteous and was able to change my mood.
Thank you Allison for being pleasant and helpful. Thank you for the kind words! We will be sure to pass this compliment onto Allison. Keep up the excellent work on the program, Chris! I didn't know this when I originally call to cancel my account. Not that I like it, I understand that it was to be paid now. I was on hold for several minutes and when he finally came back he proceeded to tell me that his supervisor was at lunch and would called me back when she returned, "Oh and by the way here's your confirmation for your cancellation".
At that time I received an email from my PayPal account, advising me that I just made a payment to Nutrisystem. The man had the nerve to charge my account while he had me on hold.
I have called every day, each rep has told me what he did was ok. This is so sad, that he could do this behind my back and it be ok. My call is being reviewed now sure it is but, we all know how this is going to end. I will continue to call each day until I get a callback. He knew what he was doing was wrong, why else would he have to sneak and charge me.
I want an apology and someone to tell me what he did was wrong! If I were Marie Osmond, I wouldn't want to be known as a spokesperson for a company that has such bad reviews. BBB alone has 99 bad reviews and I am getting ready to add another. I guess that wasn't necessary to be said. We are sad to hear about the way you were treated when calling. This is NOT okay. After the 3rd call to NutriSystem about a late order, Beth finally came online and made a return customer — yet again — out of me.
We are so happy to hear that Beth was able to straighten things out for you. We wish you continued success on and off the program. Rachel was very helpful in helping me to better understand my needs while on the plan and I am very thankful for her professionalism.
So far I am enjoying being on Nutrisystem. All of the food does taste very good. The only negative thing is that when I first order they did not tell me that there was so much chocolate in the turbo box.
I specifically requested no chocolate. Maybe training is advisable for people helping people to order food. Thank you very much. We are so happy that Rachel was able to help you get started on the program.
We are sorry that you received so much chocolate after requesting no chocolate. We will be sure to pass this along for coaching. Best wishes as you continue on the program. I have been overcharged.
Counselors at Nutrisystem keep telling me the issue has been addressed but I do not receive a refund. This is very upsetting and seems to me to be a bit fraudulent. Please refund my money! We are sorry to hear the NuMi promotion fell off after placing the order. I have been on the Women's Uniquely Yours Program for 13 months, and have lost over 90 pounds. The frozen food is amazing, and I was never hungry or felt deprived. The delicious snacks and double chocolate muffins have kept me satisfied and I never felt deprived.
Thank you for the kind words and keep up the awesome work! Canadian turkey bacon egg and cheese muffin missing cheese - Thank you for the response. I did not to think to take a picture of the back with the information. If this occurs on the next I will. The cheese was missing on two of the sandwiches out of four on this order. I was trying to explain to the last counselor that I spoke to what was happening to me with eating the food and that it was making me sick.
This is not in regards to Kim in returns. Kim was helpful and very nice to me. Anyway, the last counselor I spoke to was so rude and talked over me and would not let me finish my sentence. It's really upsetting that I did not write her name down.
It would be the counselor that I spoke to before I spoke to Kim. We are so sorry that you had such a poor experience. We will definitely be looking into this and reaching out soon. I had a question about my food. Chat with your counselor.
Very helpful but our chat was interrupted. I need to know how to continue after the first week. I am still confused on how to continue after the first week. Thank you for reaching out. We will be assigning this to a member of the Consumer Experience team to reach out and assist you. The quality of food was pretty good with several options to choose from. Unfortunately when they were out of stock they substituted other food!
Changing your plan such as delivery frequency was very difficult and why I left. Thank you for the feedback. We are sorry that you left for those reason. We will be reaching out to get further information. Have a good one!
Over the last several months, I have tried over and over to resolve an ongoing problem with order fulfillment. Customer service refused to help and refused my repeated requests to escalate the issue and finally Nutrisystem decided to dump me. Even in my last e-mail communication with Nutrisystem where I yet again outlined the problem, the reply back from Nutrisystem completely ignored the majority of what I wrote.
It looks like if Nutrisystem doesn't say anything about the problem, then it magically doesn't exist somehow. This shows that Nutrisystem has drastically fallen in terms of focusing on customer needs and flat out refuses to deal ethically with the customer. We sincerely apologize for your experience. We certainly do not want a long-time member to feel such a way. We will be investigating this and reaching out soon.
I have had a couple questions for your people there and I emailed them for a answer. First reply was very fast, second was a bit slower but they explained to me the reason why. I have been very satisfied with everything from Nutrisystem!!! Thank you for your patience and understanding. We are happy to hear you got the answers you needed.
We wish you the best of luck on the program! This is the 2nd time I've been on the NutriSystem plan. First time was a hit. Lost almost all my weight and kept it off for over a year. Just a little more weight to lose so I ordered again for 2 months. First shipment arrived on time and the food was terrific. Second shipment has the frozen food arrive a couple days late.
List of most common places where this object is found within the database (sorted by number of instances inside each scene type).
All copyrights, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights in and on our website and all content and software located on the site shall remain the sole property of or its licensors. The use of our trademarks, content and intellectual property is forbidden without the express written consent from .
You agree to use our website only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behavior includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any other user, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within our website.
You must not use our website to send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use the content on our website for any marketing related purpose without our express written consent.
We may in the future need to restrict access to parts (or all) of our website and reserve full rights to do so. If, at any point, we provide you with a username and password for you to access restricted areas of our website, you must ensure that both your username and password are kept confidential.
may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of our website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using our website immediately.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
Site Disclaimer: This site is designed for educational purposes only, if you click on a link and make a purchase I will make a small commission. Furthermore, all videos and photos on this site are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Juliet, Naked is a movie starring Chris O'Dowd, Rose Byrne, and Kitty O'Beirne. Juliet, Naked is the story of Annie (the long-suffering girlfriend of Duncan) ...
Standard text here up to 50 words to identify something about you, your organization or product. The icon can be changed to match content provided…see table for icon availability.
Standard text here up to 25 words to identify something about you, your organization or product. Title can be changed to match content provided…
Standard text here up to 50 words to identify something about you, your organization or product. The image can be changed to match content provided…photograph of you, company logo, product image, etc.
Standard text here up to 50 words to identify something about you, your organization or product. Title, company name, icon can be changed to match content provided…see list of icon table.
All logos, trademarks and posts in this site are property of their respective owners, all the rest © 2006 by the site owner.
These glasses are similar to the transparent type but are manufactured to a higher specification and tighter dimensional tolerances thus allowing use at higher pressures.
Editor Megan Gill once vowed to herself that she would cut a feature by the time she was twenty-five. It ended up taking ten years longer, but the movie in question is the Oscar-winning Tsotsi.
Today she is in the US working on Rendition, the new film from director Gavin Hood starring Reese Witherspoon, Jake Gyllenhaal and Meryl Streep. What’s more, according to influential movie websites like www.thefilmexperience.net and www.incontention.com, she is one of the favourites to receive an Oscar nomination next year for her work on the political thriller.
Andrew Worsdale caught up with the Johannesburg-born editor at New Line Studios in Hollywood via email to chat about her rise in the industry and the tricks of the trade.
Megan grew up in Johannesburg’s Kensington suburb and went to four different high schools, including Roedean, Woodmead and Jeppe Girls. She says she has always loved movies. Her mother, Gwen Gill, a renowned local journalist, had a movie courtesy card which Megan borrowed to go to the movies nearly every Wednesday afternoon in her early teens. “I suppose that’s when the film bug bit me, sort of. I loved being in a cinema, escaping homework and reality. But I always thought I would end up being a journalist.”
She left school with no idea of what she really wanted to do with her life, so she spent a year studying for a BA degree. She then went off to the UK to au pair for six months. Upon her return she got a call from a school friend who was working as an assistant editor on the hit TV show Agter Elke Man and needed an extra pair of hands. “It sounded better than waitressing, so I did it,” she says.
Soon after this she got work on a B-movie as a third assistant and that’s when she realised she had found something she wanted to do. After an apprenticeship on the soap opera Egoli, cutting an episode per day, she moved back to being an assistant. She worked alongside people like David Heitner, Darrell Roodt and Anant Singh on movies ranging from the schlock horror flick The Mangler to Cry, The Beloved Country and Sarafina!
To this day though, she says she doesn’t know how you learn to edit, apart from through experience. “I was really lucky, after I made my decision to stay in editing, that I kept getting work. And I was still so young – only 23, I think. Of course, I didn't feel young, although I was giving up on my dream of editing a feature by 25. As I learnt more about editing I began to be intimidated by it. The more I learnt, the more I realised how much I didn't know. I’m not sure how you learn to edit. I feel like I imbibed it, by being there, with all those different people.”
She will never forget the time during the production of Cry The Beloved Country when David Heitner cut a scene of James Earl Jones at a political rally. “There was a huge amount of footage; lots of set-ups. And David basically cut the scene in three or four shots. It was cut so simply and so beautifully. That was the moment when I became really scared of editing. All the arrogance of youth, gone. In a million years I would never have cut the scene in that way. I would have cut the hell out of it and it would have been terrible. Until then I had still believed that I could edit, if only given the chance. After that my respect for the craft deepened immensely and I realised I still had lots to learn. Suddenly I wasn't so eager to jump into the editor's chair. My road to editing ended up taking a long time, but I am very grateful for that now, because I think I'm better at it as a result.”
Megan confesses that if she ever had to teach an editing class it would focus on pace and “how one cut of a scene could really mess up a whole movie and another cut could change the movie so much”. She adds: “I don't know how you measure pace. I usually do a first cut that is slower than it needs to be and then I start to take stuff out. It is like a slow-burning fire – eventually things begin to grate, to feel too measured. Then I slowly cull it. But all sorts of things determine pace. Shooting style, obviously. Where a scene is placed in the film. How the actors perform. Mostly, for me, it is performance. If a performance can sustain a moment, I stay with it. If an audience member can connect with that character for as long as he is on screen, then stay with it. Don't cut for the sake of cutting, stick to simplicity and honesty.”
She believes she’s lucky that she has good instincts. “I suppose the thing I'm proudest of is my editing of actors’ performances. Directors very rarely change the takes I choose.” The question is, however, how does one edit a bad performance? Megan answers, “Mostly by cutting things out, getting rid of dialogue and putting in pauses. Scripts are often overwritten and a lot of my work lies in simplifying – finding the key elements of a scene and making those resonate in some way. This can often be done by playing the silences.”
More than twenty years after she decided to pursue this career, Megan is now putting the finishing touches to her second film with Gavin Hood. Rendition is New Line Studio’s most prestigious title of the year. The story revolves around an Egyptian terrorism suspect who ‘disappears’ on a flight from Africa to Washington DC. His American wife (Witherspoon) and a CIA analyst (Gyllenhaal) find themselves caught up in a struggle to secure his release from a secret detention facility in the Middle East.
To produce the whole of Tsotsi cost roughly what Witherspoon charges to appear in a movie, so we can be sure that Rendition probably cost a huge amount more than the homegrown Oscar winner. Such high costs must bring extra pressures, but Megan is not fazed. “Editing is editing, I suppose, whatever the circumstances. Things are slightly easier because there is a huge support system on a film like this. I can focus more on just the editing. But I'm always insecure about my cutting. I never know if I've got it right, so it's never really fun for me. I love cutting but I also spend a lot of time second-guessing myself. It is such an indefinable craft and there is no right way to do it.”
Megan says: “The most important thing for an editor is to not have too big an ego. You have to accept that you aren't always right and that it is fine. You can't be expected to always know exactly how a scene should work. You must, however, be able to defend your point of view too. A director isn't always right and you need to be able to tell them that – without pissing them off, of course! Most of my job is being a therapist, I think. Overall, you have to be prepared to put your ego aside and just keep at it. Eventually you will discover the film that's buried inside all the footage.”
Rendition will have its gala premiere between 6–15 September at the 32nd Toronto International Film Festival.
Gautier offers specialty plate for demanding customers on a short lead time basis, including conversion-only rolling.
A full complement of downstream processing is also available, including heat-treating, levelling, blasting, cutting, milling and grinding.
I previously told you Christopher, there’s no this sort of issue as a problem - every thing is a options ready to generally be invented.
If you need a little support with your English grammar, you may have me edit your script until it’s great.
The reviewer ❣️ I haven't got much of a difficulty with this app except for one thing. THE WATERMARK IS HUGE. And NO, I'm not spending two.ninety nine just to eliminate it because I'm young so I can not just head out and buy regardless of what I need. Plus, when it asks me how I want to eliminate it, underneath shelling out 2.
As a defend of his monstrous sort, the beast hid himself inside his castle with a magic mirror as his only window to the surface planet. The rose she experienced presented was actually an enchanted rose which might bloom till his 21st yr.
ICQ has existed for an incredibly very long time. So extended, actually, that it had been a competitor to AOL Immediate Messenger ahead of currently being purchased by AOL from the late 90s. Today, ICQ remains one of many more reliable video contacting apps that also incorporates a built-in messenger service.
Locating the best voiceover for your video is actually tough. The ideal pronunciation, with a voice Manage that goes completely with the script, can take loads of talent and talent that only professionals can do. Before you make the choice, you will need to keep in mind the...
She held out her arms to the heat, but just then the match went out and also the eyesight pale. The night time appeared blacker than before and it absolutely was finding colder.
The product developer thinks this item satisfies accessibility demands, making it less difficult for everybody to work with.
• Now You need to use exactly the same colour adjustment toolkit on PiP objects as you are doing on the primary clip. • Bug fixes and performance advancements
Twistedhippie It might be a lot better if, the video may be prolonged, and there were a number of involved music clips for history.
Audacity can record live audio through a microphone or mixer, or digitize recordings from other media. With some sound playing cards, and on any recent Model of voice over your video app Windows, Audacity might also seize streaming audio.
They are really incredibly protectionist mainly because they promote training courses themselves and they actually don’t want Level voice over video demos of competition. I really hope one day that some folks start to create Open Resource voices.
How appear when I make an effort to do a voice over the recording does not line up with the video Regardless that the video is participating in even though I record?
In case you’re a little trapped regarding how to deliver the script, consider a few minutes and watch some commercials. Hear closely for pacing and inflection and take into consideration how you can mimic their performance in your task. Don’t certainly be a copycat, but find the video maker with voice over app best features and incorporate them as you record.
Sample Title Ideas offers you an amazing collection of Photobook, Sracpbook and Photo Album Title ideas. You will find the perfect title for your personalised photobooks. So photo album enthusiasts and scrapbook lovers go ahead and explore the perfect photo album titles/captions.
These days we click more pictures as compared to few decades ago. The accessibility of instant camera in your phone makes it so easy to capture day to day moments. But dont just stop at clicking photos- make your photos last long in a more interesting presentation by making photo books which are indeed an excellent way to capture all your sweet memories in one place.
Well if you are new to making photobook, help is at hand. So stop wondering on how to create your First Photobook? Here are the top 20 Tips for creating your first PhotoAlbum/ PhotoBook.
1 It all starts with an idea or a theme. Ask yourself what type of photo book you want to create. Still at a loss for ideas? Choose from a wide range of photo album titles and themes here.
3 Choose photos that are clear and have high resolution. If it cannot be avoided, try to edit the photo while staying close to its original form as much as possible.
5 Choose a layout for each page. You can have a uniform collage or you can vary from page to page or from section to section.
6 Use a reliable editing software. If you can manage Adobe Photoshop, then use it. There are also free and user-friendly photo editing and photo collage software available online such as Fotor or Pixlr.
7 Keep back-up files for all your photo albums and scrapbooking projects, preferably in a cloud storage service. You’ll never know when accidents can happen.
8 Try to tell a story. If this is a memoir each picture tells a story that completes a bigger story. You may group your photos this way.
9 Choose a publishing program that can provide various theme options such as wedding, travel, heritage, etc.
10 You may also incorporate videos along with your photos if the photobook website has this feature.
11 If the task is too big, you can also collaborate with your family and friends. This can be a project for bridal showers or wedding anniversaries.
12 Try to avoid repetition. While there may be interesting subjects, try to edit to create several versions of a photo subject.
13 Work towards cohesiveness of the theme or the story you wish to portray. If you’re planning to make a photobook of your pregnancy, for example, keep the images related.
14 Before your group together a set or a pair of photos on page, always ask yourself “Why?” Your answer will be your guide to the reason behind the grouping.
16 Do not stretch the images. If you downloaded an image on facebook that’s small, work around it without sacrificing the clarity of the photo.
20 Lastly, don’t forget to use the share button to show your photo book to your family and friends once you make it online.
You can also get your photobook printed if you want which is indeed an excellent way to capture all your Life memories in a book. And most of all can be shared and gifted too.
Family photo albums or Photobooks are probably the most popular type of albums owned by most people. Before digital albums came about, almost every family room has at least one family album. Our grandparents and parents were faithful in collecting mementos so that the next generations have something to view and wax nostalgic on.
Now, we have hard drives and memory cards full of photos from various family events, vacations, and miscellaneous occasions. For this purpose, allow us to share some simple but amazing tips on organizing online photos family photo albums. Read on to find the top tips on how to make family photobook.
Some of you who are organized in keeping photos in your computer may have already been doing this by year, month, occasion, or event.
Set aside a specific date dedicated to just organizing these photos once a year, or quarterly, or whatever is convenient to your schedule. Just make sure that this specific day will be devoted to the family photo album.
Group the images into events or year (if you can still remember). Otherwise, find a common theme that can be used for a certain group of photos (e.g. Beach Holiday, Birthdays, Road trips, etc.). Feel free to grab some ideas for album categories here.
Digital albums come in different forms depending on your style taste. Each album type has its own specific purposes and merits. If you are still short on the budget side, you can start making a digital album using software you can download online.
Later you can have the album printed by shops specializing in photo album prints complete with hardbound cover if you like.
If you are into scrapbooking, you can also have the photos of mementos added onto your digital scrapbook. Much like DIY scrapbook albums, digital scrapbooks also hold a certain charm. Only on digital scrapbooks, you are not limited to paper and tactile materials.
The digital album is like a book. It is a book about your family life or a family member’s life. Think of a memorable quote by someone in the picture that you think is worth remembering and sharing.
There are memorable phrases and jokes, unforgettable names of places and situations that can best describe a photo. Use captions wisely and use them sparingly.
If you are really serious about creating a family album, set up some non-negotiables such as holiday themes: Christmas, New Year, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, beach Holiday, vacation, and any other holidays you can think of. You do not have to do all holidays, of course. You can just choose one or two and stick to it year after year.
If you intend to make your digital family album last for a long, long time, be sure to invest in a dependable website or cloud storage service. This is not an area which you should scrimp on. Keepsakes are precious.
As you read this, there could already be dozens of memories and ideas running through your head. Family albums are delightful repositories of memories captured in printed materials. Start one now.
Feel free to explore photobook titles ideas and tips on making photoAlbum and scrapbooking by bookmarking sampletitleideas.blogspot.com right away!
We believe that Precious Photo memories captured in the Photo Albums or Scrapbook deserve perfect titles!
Creating photo albums and scrapbooks is a probably the best way to celebrate life's most precious moments. Every photo tells a story. Come to think of it, the album is the story of your life or a snippet of it. The photo albums really evoke the emotions or a sense of nostalgia as the pages unfold.
Photos and pieces of mementos collected during each episode of your life when locked in the photo album or scrapbook must have a catchy title.
We are proud to offer you inspiring and appealing titles for your photo creations. You will find the widest selections of photo album and scrapbook titles at Sample Title Ideas!
Our few popular categories of photo books are Wedding Anniversary, Baby Boy, Baby Girl, Children/Kids, FaceBook , Twins, BBQ party, Friends, Vacation, Nature, Pregnancy, Christening, Beach Holiday, Engagement, Birthday, Holidays, Honeymoon, Love and many many more.
Browse through our immense collection of titles which you can use on just about any occasion in your life. There are titles for formal and informal events, serious as well as funny, and themes that may even give you ideas for creating more scrapbooks and albums!
Our team at Sample Title Ideas is dedicated to offer you unique and awesome titles .All the titles are original creations. You will never go wrong with our selection of uniquely written content and ideas.
We hope you enjoy choosing the perfect titles for your photo albums and scrapbook as much as we enjoy offering them to you.
Sample Messages and Wishes offers you one stop destination to find sample messages & notes for all ocassions.
ThankYouMessagesForYou offers you an excellent collection of sample thank you messages and thank you notes for all your loved ones.
dining room bench seating ikea benches with backs ideas , dining room bench chairs table designs with corner seating, dining room bench designs chairs and matching table seating,dining room table with built in bench seating s ing upholstered seat designs,dining room corner bench seating plans table upholstered seat,round dining room table with bench seating chairs and matching designs ,dining room chairs and matching bench furniture seating ideas,dining room corner bench seating ikea round table with,white dining room table bench chairs dg designs seating ideas, dining room bench chairs seating plans table.
Sex and dating offerings on this Tacoma, Washington page help you hook up for hot sex quickly with sexy swingers, singles, housewives, milfs and sluts in and around Tacoma, Washington.At the same time, you can enjoy an affair in Tacoma with someone hot and get
You&apos;ll have now sex appointment more time to assess your new friends personality on various social levels.5 58, Sydney - adult friend finder manila Lower North Shore, NSW lover of life and people 10 60, Melbourne - Northern Suburbs, VIC I&apos;m still working on my
Senior singles do not have to be alone.Go to a local museum thats free or cheap.Sign up for the Intentional By Grace what women don't want to newsletter and receive our guide for Creating Your Own Topical Bible Reading Plan for free!This post contains my
Did you know that free Nurnberg he makes intense eye contact during sex dating is a adult dating personals single site few clicks away?
Most also have Tinder-like apps too.The Nuremberg metro area has a number of large, global companies, most of which claim to have English as the company language (even if in reality, they function primarily in German).I&apos;m as honest as a summer afternoon.Men in Germany prize forward thinking and innovation.Member Login, nurnberg Girls, nurnberg Men, nurnberg Gay.Interests, life style and taste should be similar - not 100 but also not.The Nurnberg dating scene can be hard to find the right person at times; however, we are here to help and our Nurnberg online dating service is free to register.Besides our great Nurnberg chat product with live video matchmaker users can send email messages to people in the area.Groups like InterNations(.org and of course TT gatherings, all attest to that, and there are various Facebook-based and MeetUp(.com) groups to consider, too.Many of the US sites have direct German spinoffs (subsidiary companies) with identical functionality, and others have close copies by other companies.Nurnberg dating has never been easier with our show interest feature that will allow sex offender list for texas you to break the ice with attractive local singles.Nurnberg Lesbians daiseeyore, age: 33, body Type: Curvy, faith: Atheist, ethnicity: White, job: Other, katterbach Singles in Germany.I&apos;m looking for friends (maybe more ) since all mine moved away.
Browse by City: Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Munich, Stuttgart, Hamburg, Munchen, Hannover, Frankfurt, Bremen, Nuremberg, Koblenz, Augsburg, Koln, Dusseldorf, Aachen, Karlsruhe.Hey, Tine, I think that the best way to find out if you&apos;d find a compatible community for you in Franconia (Nuremberg, Ansbach, or wherever) is to spend some time here exploring.SwedeInNuremberg Age: 29 Body Type: Athletic Faith: Atheist Ethnicity: White Job: Student Nurnberg Chat in Germany TeachmeGerman - Neuangekommen zu Nürnberg.Meet thousands of Nurnberg singles through one of the best Nurnberg online dating sites.So there are men and women who are probably more of a good cultural match for you than conservative Germans might be, certainly enough to form communities that you&apos;ll have to discover.la_fairy_xxx Age: 37 Body Type: Athletic Faith: Atheist Ethnicity: White Job: Computer / Hardwar.M is one of the oldest Nurnberg online dating services on the Internet and has brought thousands of couples together from the area.I move quicker than you think I could.
About this time of last year, we're studying Ecclesiastes in Sunday school, and I thought I undersatnd it all, well, at least in my mind I know what it's talking about.
But then until tonight, when a friend brought this up again during our conversation about living out a dream, this verse hit me again.
It's very true.... althoguh it's a standard Christian answer to questions about career/calling/vocation etc--it's going to be yet another job no matter what it is--if it's not under THE plan.
Yeah, it was the fear that made me hesitated about jumping to another career. It's the fear of losing this fantasy once the reality kicks in.
Pearson’s product-moment correlation coefficient answers to exercise 23 question 1 the r value for the relationship between hamstring strength index 60o and the shuttle run test is -0149. Test reliability and validity estimation applications, conventional validity r‐squares of 19% (r = 044) and 5% (r = 023) can be of the pearson coefficient, but still persisted with. Pearson correlation 1 the pearson product moment coefficient of correlation (r) 2 proponent 3 karl pearson (1857-1936) “pearson product-moment correlation coefficient” has been credited. The pearson product-moment correlation is one of the measures of correlation which quantifies the strength as well as the direction of such relationship it is usually denoted by the greek.
Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on exercise 23 pearson s product moment. Definition pearson's correlation coefficient is the covariance of the two variables divided by the product of their standard deviationsthe form of the definition involves a product. The pearson product moment correlation coefficient ( pearson's r) plus various & sundry other issues why is this important purpose of the procedure and statistics.
Introduction to correlation pearson product moment correlation coefficient however, it is usually referred to relationship between a person’s exercise patterns and their risk of. Statisticslecturescom - where you can find free lectures, videos, and exercises, as well as get your questions answered on our forums. Pearson's product-moment correlation using spss statistics introduction the pearson product-moment correlation coefficient (pearson’s correlation, for short) is a measure of the strength and.
Pearson’s product moment correlation (r) r – is used to measure the strength of linear relationships between variables it can be any value between -1 and +1 if r is close to -1, there is a. Using spss for windows and macintosh: analyzing and understanding data, 6th edition samuel b green, arizona state university lesson 31 pearson product-moment correlation coefficient.
1 a researcher carefully computes the correlation coefficient between two variables and gets r = 123what does this value mean. Revision exercise worksheet pearson product moment correlation by hand i have learnt that the best way to do this is to go through the calculations by hand in excel this revision process. Exercise 23 pearson's product-moment correlation coefficient statistical technique in review many studies are conducted to identify relationships between or among variables. Practical exercises show how to critically appraise sampling and measurement techniques, evaluate results, and conduct a power analysis for a study understanding pearson’s.
R is the estimate of pearson's product moment correlation coefficient lower and upper limit are the lower and upper limits of the confidence interval width if r = 00 is the maximum width. In this video i discuss the differences between raw and central moments finishing with an exercise which links moments with population parameters although m. Financial and managerial accounting, chapters 1-23, complete book, 2nd edition charles t horngren, stanford university exercise or problem to teach and assess students chapter 23. The most familiar measure of dependence between two quantities is the pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, or pearson's correlation coefficient, commonly called simply the.
“ exercise 23 & 24 ” “name:” _ josie donovan “exercise 23 – pearson’s product moment correlation coefficient” “1 what is the r value for the relationship between hamstring strength index. Compute the pearson product-moment correlation coefficient by hand and show all your work b construct a scatterplot for these 10 values by hand pearson product-moment correlation. Define karl pearson's coefficient of correlation solution: karl pearson's coefficient of correlation measures the degree of relationship between the two variables x and y. The pearson product-moment correlation coefficient (r), or correlation coefficient for short is a measure of the degree of linear relationship between two variables, usually labeled x and y.
Somalia faces criticism over FGM policies after two girls die from the procedure – St Andrews Foreign Affairs Review
In July of 2018, the death of Deeqa Dahir Nuur after undergoing female genital mutilation launched a landmark investigation that many hoped would bring an end to the practice in Somalia. Nuur’s case made history as it led to the first prosecution in a female genital mutilation case in the nation’s history. Two months later, though, it appears that little has changed as activists are claiming that sisters Aasiyo and Khadijo Farah Abdi Warsame, aged 10 and 11, died on 11 September after being subjected to the procedure that the UN has declared a human rights violation.
Female genital mutilation, also referred to as FGM, has been an ongoing issue for the people of Somalia. Throughout much of the nation’s history, the practice was not considered to be unlawful. In 2012, Somalia unveiled a new Constitution which officially declared the practice of FGM illegal. Specifically, Article 15 Section 4 of the Constitution states that the ‘circumcision of girls is a cruel and degrading customary practice, and is tantamount to torture. The circumcision of girls is prohibited.’ While many anti-FGM advocates initially supported the Constitution’s inclusion of this passage, its deliberately imprecise wording has done little to protect the women and girls of Somalia. Since the Constitution fails to define what constitutes the ‘circumcision of girls’ and does not outline a specific punishment for those caught performing it, it has been extremely difficult to prosecute FGM cases in Somalia based on this section of the Constitution alone. Further hindering the ability to prosecute SOMETHING is the fact that there are no national laws that formally criminalize the practice. Because of this, Somalia has one of the highest rates of FGM in the world, with reports that up to 97.9% of women and girls in Somalia have undergone FGM.
A few months ago, though, a landmark prosecution brought hope to those looking to end FGM in Somalia. The death of 10-year-old Deeqa Dahir Nuur after undergoing FGM in central Somalia sparked international outrage as activists pushed for clear and definitive legislation criminalizing FGM. Ahmed Ali Dahir, Somalia’s Attorney General, announced plans to prosecute the ‘cutter’ who performed the procedure on Nuur. This would be done not under Article 15 Section 4 of the Constitution, but under a provision of the Somali Penal Code, which declares it unlawful to cause ‘very grievous’ harm to another person, which is characterized by ‘loss of a limb, or a mutilation which renders the limb useless, or the loss of the use of an organ or of the capacity to procreate.’ If successful, this would be the first time someone had been jailed for complications relating to FGM in Somalia. Some advocates questioned Attorney General Dahir’s sincerity in his effort, though. Nimco Ali, a British Somali anti-FGM advocate and victim of the practice herself, told NPR that she believes that” the AG was doing this all for press. When the cameras are not there, I doubt there is much interest in the Deeqa case or any others.”
As officials continue to investigate the Deeqa Dahir Nuur case, reports out of the Somalian state of Puntland are claiming that sisters Aasiyo and Khadijo Farah Abdi Warsame, aged 10 and 11, died after being subjected to FGM on the 11 of September. Of the six Somalian states, Puntland is the only one to have passed definitive anti-FGM legislation. Although it gained its autonomy in 1998, Puntland is still internationally recognized as being part of the nation of Somalia. In 2013, religious officials in Puntland signed a Fatwa, or a ruling on a point of Islamic law, shunning the practice of FGM. Despite this public condemnation, over 97% of girls and women between the ages of 15 and 49 in Puntland have undergone some form of FGM, many of whom suffer life-altering complications. While lawmakers in Puntland claim to have a plan to end FGM in their state, for many, progress is not occurring fast enough. As Somalian activist Ifrah Ahmed told The Guardian, “Puntland has approved the anti-FGM bill and still young girls are losing their lives.”
For the people of Somalia, it has become clear that FGM will continue to occur until clear changes in national legislation are made. For Ahmed, “immediate action needs to be taken by international donors who support Somalia, and by the federal government of Somalia [itself].”
Next Next post: The End of the Arctic Council? Challenges to the Paradigm of Responsible Global Governance
A cautiously united offensive presses further into the Nineveh region, liberating towns and villages as it prepares to lay siege to ISIL’s last major stronghold…
In July 2016, radical preacher Anjem Choudhary and co-defendant Mohammed Rahman were convicted of supporting and encouraging support of the Islamic State. The pair encouraged…
In recent months, terrorism has been repeatedly thrust to the forefront of public consciousness. Conjuring images of shooting in a crowded nightclub or explosions in…
Terrorism succeeds by instilling fear and mass hysteria within targeted populations. In the contemporary world, ‘terror’ is ubiquitous. Daily headlines and news feeds are dominated…
More than one in three (39%) self-employed workers in the UK feel left behind by the tax system becoming increasingly internet based, the Association of Accounting Technicians has (AAT) found.
Many of those who feel excluded by the movement towards online tax management worry that they lack the knowledge and understanding to keep step.
However, three quarters of traders who opt for paper filing say they prefer using the tax system offline even though they are capable of filing returns and settling bills online.
One in ten of the smallest businesses say they choose to file paper returns, despite HMRC’s incentive of a later filing deadline for online returns.
One fifth of micro-businesses found completing a tax return ‘too complicated’ and 60% were unaware of accounting software and free downloadable resources available to them.
‘We do have to cater to the fact that not all small business owners are digitally as engaged as others,” said Adam Harper, Director of Professional Development at AAT.
‘It’s clear that conducting one’s tax affairs online is a time consuming and daunting process for some and this has caused many micro businesses to either stick to old methods that they are more comfortable with or seek third party support.’
The findings come in the wake of a tax tribunal ruling that HMRC broke the law by requiring all firms to submit their VAT returns digitally, without providing an exemption for those who were unable to do so due to factors such as age, disability or broadband access.
Whether you are currently using the tax system online or sticking to traditional methods, it is always worth considering the options available to you in terms of managing your tax affairs.
Specialising in contractor tax matters, we provide self-employed workers with packages of tax planning, bookkeeping, RTI-compliant payroll and accountancy services to suit their needs.
If you would like more information about our services, you can request a call back from one of our friendly expert Advisors or give us a call on 01244 625 500.
The package is located in the "lang/ruby24-base" directory. The current source version of the package is "ruby24-base-2.4.5". For a summary on how to use the package collection, go to the top of the packages tree.
A list allows the specification of multiple similar criteria within a rule. For example, multiple protocols, port numbers, addresses, etc. So, instead of writing one filter rule for each IP address that needs to be blocked, one rule can be written by specifying the IP addresses in a list. Lists are defined by specifying items within { } brackets.
When pfctl(8) encounters a list during loading of the ruleset, it creates multiple rules, one for each item in the list. For example:
While the intended meaning is usually to match "any address within 10.0.0.0/8, except for 10.1.2.3," the rule expands to:
Macros are user-defined variables that can hold IP addresses, port numbers, interface names, etc. Macros can reduce the complexity of a PF ruleset and also make maintaining a ruleset much easier.
Macro names must start with a letter and may contain letters, digits and underscores. Macro names cannot be reserved words such as pass, out or queue.
This creates a macro named ext_if. When a macro is referred to after it's been created, its name is preceded with a $ character.
Macros can be defined recursively. Since macros are not expanded within quotes the following syntax must be used:
Additional result supporting documentation submitted by the testers is located in either the Flag Descriptions or Dynamic API Source repository.
If you are looking for affairs, real sex, wife swapping or sex tonight then you've come to the right page for free Canada sex dating! Fuck Locally Social Sex finder is the leading site online for sex dating on the web. If you are visiting or live in Canada and are in search of sex, we can get you connected with other adult friends fast. look for sex and find a fuck, as our adult site is the best place you will get it on and find affairs, real sex, wife swapping, sex tonight and more. www.fucklocally.com just happens to be packed with sex friends and horny housewives looking for free online adult hookup sex. As you're probably excited to find a free swinger and other adult friends, get started today on our get it on site. Sex and dating offerings on this Canada page help you hook up for hot sex quickly with sexy swingers, singles, housewives, MILFs and sluts in and around Canada. Find adults to date today >>
Fuck Locally Social Sex finder does not conduct criminal background screening of its members. Learn about Internet Dating Safety, click here.
Happiness in Practice [Happiness UK (Edinburgh)] is a group dedicated to those who enjoy sharing their approach to happiness, those who would like to feel happier and those who would like to help spread a little happiness.
Based on positive psychology principles, we explore techniques for gaining and maintaining happiness and dealing constructively with unhappiness. Realistically, we cannot always be happy but we can achieve greater balance and contentment through self knowledge, active participation and developing personal resilience.
Based in Edinburgh, the group is a social forum for meetings, discussions and sharing resources, ideas and experiences towards the promotion of happier lifestyles. Happiness in Practice - mental and physical well-being.
grous•ers 1. Persons who hunt, trap, or pursue various plump, chickenlike game birds of the family Tetraonidae, chiefly of the Northern Hemisphere and having mottled brown or grayish plumage. 2. Complainers, or grumblers, and those prone to general ranting. 3. A number of “smart guys who hunt” and their generally smarter companions.
Since the blog is quiet and people are too busy hunting to write about it, I thought I'd post a story I wrote from 2003 and posted in sections on my Farm Fin Fur Feather blog. It's long, but Enjoy!
I had been watching deer all summer and this was to be the “year of the buck.” We purchased our farm in upstate New York to raise a family, to live in the country, and, for me, to hunt. My first hunting season on the farm was a frenzy of hunting, an orgy-like frenzy of hunting madness. Yet despite long (constant if you ask my wife) hours a-field, the first year yielded little by way of game. A few ducks, a goose, some small game, a doe on opening day of deer season. Mind you, it was huge success relative to my previous years hunting, but of course not what I had in mind now that I lived in what my friends referred to as a veritable game preserve. So this year, our second, was to be the “year of the buck.”
All throughout the early small game seasons I kept myself alert for deer, always on the lookout for sign and patterns. I knew where they crossed the creek, where they bedded down, where they browsed the hedgerow fruits and berries, where they traversed our woods en route to corn and soy bean fields. I knew their paths through the cattail marsh, through the overgrown orchard, through bottomland brambles. I had mental notes of all of the rubs on and around my property. I had them patterned and I had seen at least two large bucks. Things were shaping up well for the “year of the buck.”
Opening day of deer season arrived with me riding high on a tide of confidence after a highly productive waterfowl season. I put in a few hard days of last minute preparations, stand placements, shooting lane clearings, all in anticipation of filling at least a doe tag or two and hopefully bagging my buck on opening day, before the deer changed all of their routines due to hunting pressure. I cleaned my WW I Mauser rifle-turned bolt-action shotgun thoroughly, sighted in the red dot scope one last time, pulled my deer hunting garb off of the clothesline where it had been “airing out” for a week or so, and completed last minute checks. “Tomorrow morning is it,” I kept thinking.
In the back of my mind I knew I needed to make a contingency plan about how to deal with the yearly tension between waterfowl hunting, my first love, and deer hunting, a growing obsession in its own right. The night before opening day, I committed to 100% attention to deer season until I got my deer tags filled, or the season ended, one of the two. It felt good to arrive at that position, knowing I seem to do better at whatever I endeavor when I sell out to the cause. So, I was committed to an extended “deer campaign” if required, which was appropriate for what was to be “the year of the buck.”
I slept fitfully and finally gave up at 3:30 AM. “Might as well get going,” I thought as I lay listening to the rain on the metal roof. “Things will be slower in the rain.” I was up and dressed by 4:00 AM and on my way to the stand in the thicket shortly thereafter. The thicket stand, I reasoned, was well placed on a regularly traveled route, and after all the shooting got started, I would be in an easy ambush position as the deer made their retreats to safety. Unfortunately, in the absolute darkness of the cloudy and foggy morning, it took me much more searching, and swearing, than expected to find the tree, despite the fact that I had just looked it over the afternoon before. Finally, as the darkness began lifting, I found the tree stand, and got myself situated. I was overheated, now soaked from the rain and the wet underbrush, and out of sorts. I tried to take some deep breaths, achieve the elusive Zen state of deer hunting, but I kept hearing deer moving around me. With twenty minutes to shooting time, I was strung as tight as a piano wire.
A shot to my left, single, followed by two follow-ups and the sound of someone whooping. “The season is five minutes old and someone is already happy,” I thought, “Won’t be long for me either.” A single shot to my right, near the hedgerow. “Must be Woody…he always gets a deer opening day.” Half an hour passes, and though I regularly hear deer in the brush around me and on the many spur trails, I have yet to see one. A shot to my rear, down by the lake in the vicinity of the cattails, followed up by three more shots in rapid succession. “Hmm…maybe I should have taken up that position near the marsh,” I mutter. Catching myself beginning to second-guess prematurely, I take a deep breath, steady myself, and focus. “This is the year of the buck,” I repeat, as a mantra, as I hear more shots in the distance.
The next two weeks differ very little from opening day. Snow falls, changing the scenery a little. The number of shots heard while in tree stands, or tracking and trudging, diminishes, leading me to believe that most of the deer in the county have been killed by what must be more lucky or more skilled hunters than I. I fall into a routine. Arise an hour before dawn, quickly dress and head out to one of my outposts of despair, while repeating my mantra “This is the year of the buck.” Mentally note the sound of the ducks or the geese on the marsh, taunting me, chiding me for wasting my time on deer when I could be waterfowl hunting. My lab gives me the same look every morning when she sees me put on the orange coat and not the old Filson, and more severely upon my return around 10:00 AM empty handed. Return to the woods around 3:00 PM for a few more hours. Somewhere in those two weeks I manage to show up for work for “reduced hours,” but those minutes are not memorable. What is most memorable, other than the bizarre behavior of ground squirrels which I have become an expert in due to my intimate and extended observations of, is a phone call from a good friend in Kentucky.
“How’s it going?” he inquires. “Great” I reply, aware that in that moment I might have wasted the last ounce of contrived optimism I may somehow have still been in possession of, and would be utterly bankrupt of positive thoughts when I get to my stand this afternoon. “What’s up?”
“Well, you know, Luke has been talking about wanting to hunt, and I don’t hunt, so I was wondering if you would take him hunting?” My friend Rob is not an avid outdoorsman, preferring to heap his genius upon more predictable and controllable things than nature, such as computers. I have considered the wisdom of his choices while freezing in my deer stand and have found them to be admirable, especially admirable this deer season.
“See, all of his friends are starting to go hunting with their Dads or uncles, you know, everybody hunts down here.”
“Well, I’d love to see you guys, and I think it would be great to get Luke out hunting. Maybe we could go for squirrels.” I was thinking it might be better to postpone this hunting expedition idea until after deer season was over, so I could finish my languishing campaign in peace. There was only a week to go.
“Well, we could do it next weekend…” I did the mental math. That would be the last weekend of deer season. But, for goodness sake, I had better at least see a deer by then.
“That will work just fine. Make sure Luke brings warm clothes and good boots. We have snow. Should be great hunting weather.” I can never pass up an opportunity to share the hunting tradition with a youngster. Besides, if I have wrecked my deer karma, maybe this will help.
The days passed by much like the preceding days of deer season, though I did at least get a fleeting glimpse of a doe or two, and even a handsome buck passed by out of range. The weather got colder, the ground squirrels seemed to disappear, and the snow deepened by the time Luke and Rob arrived. Shots were infrequently heard now, and my musings were muffled in the snowy quiet of the winter woods. I heard the dogs barking back up at the house and guessed that my hunt for the afternoon was over, that the Squirrel Hunting Expedition had begun. As I lowered my gun to the ground and climbed out of my tree stand, I heard the alarm chirp of a gray squirrel. I noted his location, and thought “Now don’t you guys all disappear too, Mr. Gray Squirrel.”
I made the hike back to the house quickly. It was easier now that I didn’t carry the back pack loaded with rope and knives and other sundries needed in the event one slew a deer. Now I just carried my gun and a handful of shells. Luke and Rob were standing on the steps, hands on hips, looking at the frozen lake, while my labs entreated the new arrivals to heed their wagging and whining. I felt my spirits lift a little from the heaviness I was beginning to suffer from the battles with self-doubt in the deer campaign.
We entered the house where my wife had a cozy fire going and delicious smells to greet our guests. Both Rob and Luke were immediately under the spell of our little piece of heaven, and by dinner time, Luke was being regaled by stories of “Myself as Great Waterfowl Hunter.” He listened enthusiastically to my tales, and my labs wagged their tales where appropriate. Rob also indulged me and encouraged me to continue with laughter and questions. As I was pouring a wee bit more wine into my glass, Luke deadpanned: “What about the deer?”
Waxing nostalgic about hunting aesthetics is one thing, but it should not be forgotten that hunting has its origins in a fairly straightforward requirement to put meat on the table. Leave it to a child to do so well what most adults have an increasingly more difficult time of. Ask the hard ones. Cut to the chase, get to the bottom line, and don’t equivocate. So there it was, the question laid before me. “Meat, or no meat?” “Success, or failure?” I looked into this aspiring hunter’s eyes and I could see that no flowery talk of “enjoying nature being the point of hunting” was going to fly. I think he understood the point was to hunt, which is more than to kill, and he was asking just how I was faring in that department. I cleared my throat, breaking the silence. “This is the year of the buck” I said flatly. “I have hunted hard for him, and he has eluded me. I haven’t seen many deer at all, and I have killed none.” I took a gulp of wine and swallowed. More silence.
Luke is an interesting young fellow, thoughtful, sincere, and comical in an off-the-wall kind of way. Luke looked at his father and seeing no sign to maintain silence, furrowed his brow and declared “Huh. Well, deer are pretty smart.” Never truer words were spoken. The boy had just delivered a simple yet profound nugget of truth to me in taking the attention off of myself and my misery and my woe-is-me deer-less pity party and putting the focus squarely where it belonged, on the honorable and magnificent quarry I was after and the reality that hunting deer should not be easy. I smiled and laughed a little, and so did Luke and Rob, but uncomfortably. Apparently, I was wearing this all on my sleeve. I needed to remedy the ambiguous tension in the air.
“Luke, in hunting, as in life, things don’t always go our way. Right now, I am a little discouraged because I have put a lot of thought, time, and effort into getting a deer, and I haven’t got one yet. Most everybody I know has gotten at least a doe or two by now, and many have gotten a buck. I guess I have been feeling a little sorry for myself because I haven’t had a fairy tale deer season where I got a trophy buck on the first day. But, like you said, deer are pretty smart, and I will keep trying. I am glad you are here, and we will go squirrel hunting tomorrow morning, and see what we can do. Are you prepared?”
Luke’s eyes got a little wider and his voice a little higher as he listed all of the things he had done in preparation for his hunt. His enthusiasm elated the mood in the room and the rest of the evening was relaxed for the grown ups, and full of anticipation for Luke, who decided to “turn in early” to be ready for the morning hunt. The fires died in the fireplaces, the wine gave out, and conversation waned. We retired with a steady snow falling.
The next morning I did not awake before dawn as was my usual routine, because squirrel hunting need not be that kind of affair. We all ate a leisurely breakfast, carried a little wood for the kitchen fireplace, and drank coffee and hot chocolate. We went scouting for squirrels, did some farm chores, and before we knew it, it was 2:00 PM. I had forgotten how civilized life could be at such a pace, what with the water fowling season and deer season rigors. Finally, according to Luke, we turned our full attention to the squirrel hunt.
We adjourned to the gun room and began dressing for the field, bundling up against the dropping temperatures outside. Luke was going to borrow my .22, and Rob and I each carried 12 gauge shotguns “to help out” Luke. Rob’s gun for the day was a New England Firearms single shot, mine was a FieldMaster pump, named the “magical gun of mystery” in honor of its often idiosyncratic ways, especially in the duck blind. Would it cycle, would it fire? One never knew. I thought I’d give it a run since I had recently cleaned it good. My hope was that this would be a good barn gun, an extra shotgun to have around, used more as a tool than as an instrument of sporting leisure. It was the right gun for the day.
Luke loaded a pocket full of .22 rounds into his hunting coat, and I grabbed a handful of number sevens. “These ought to do the trick for backing Luke up,” I thought, smiling at the remembrance of my first boyhood squirrel which mysteriously had more than one hole in it despite the fact that I only shot my .22 once. My glance skimmed across a wooden cigar box which held my deer hunting slug shells. “Better grab a couple of these, too, just in case,” I said out loud, noticing a definite increase in my optimism levels. Luke grinned at me.
We crunched through the fresh snow past the barns toward the creek ravine. The ridges over looking the ravine are dotted with 100 year old oak trees that are in decline and full of large cavities. They are like housing projects for gray squirrels. We arrived at the biggest of these, which stands guard over the trail that descends the steep banks of the gully. The ravine is gorge-like in places, with depths of up to 70 feet from the ridge to the creek bottom below. One can only see the creek bottom by standing on the very edge of the ravine and peering over the edge. Adding the 100 plus feet of height of the oak trees, the squirrels are afforded quite a vantage point indeed.
On this day, a squirrel was noisily gnawing away at something in the higher branches. We spotted him high above, a silhouette against the gray sky. “Too far, too high” Rob explained to Luke, taking advantage of an opportunity to explain how rifle bullets travel, even .22’s, and how we must anticipate how far past what we shoot at our bullets will fly. We observed the copious squirrel sign on the snow covered ground, and we bent down studying the comings and goings of our quarry. Luke asked about the blurred tracks, and we spoke of the wind, and the snow, and how animals react to severe weather. And then it happened. It was subtle, almost the same feeling you have when you have been in the waiting room at the doctor’s for hours, and have become drowsy and resigned to forever waiting, and then your name is called. It is both startling and no surprise at all.
My name was called kneeling under that oak tree looking at squirrel sign with Luke and his father. Rob later said my expression was really like I, but nobody else, heard perhaps my wife calling my name or the phone ringing. Luke asked “What?” and I put my finger to my lips. I was suddenly very alert, but still unsure why, or what called me. We kneeled silently together for a moment, and I remember how beautifully quiet it was, and how lovely the faint rustling of the dead oak leaves still on the branches sounded. Luke and Rob were looking at me intently, like I was either going to tell a joke punch line or break some bad news. Instead, I smiled and slowly, deliberately, removed the three bird shot shells from the “magical gun of mystery”, and replaced them with three deer slugs. I wasn’t sure why.
From the squirrel’s vantage point high in the swaying branches of the oak tree, this is what he saw. Directly below him, at the base of his tree on the ridge, were three humans with guns, nothing unusual this time of the year, crouching, looking at his acorn peelings and footprints, pointing here and there. The squirrel barked warnings to these humans, declaring his rights to privacy and property so that they will leave the place where he has buried a nut or two. Far below the squirrel, down in the ravine, in the blackberry bramble on the far side of the creek, rest three does, their ears twitching, nostrils flaring, puzzling out mixed signals on the wind. They are laying low in the snow where they often seek refuge, riding out the winter weather in the shelter of the gully. The humans with guns often walk past them where they lay quietly. This day they snort nervously, aware of a predator, of impending danger. The sounds and smells are strong, though intermittent. They decide to depart quickly.
Meanwhile, on the ridge the squirrel sees the human with the orange coat rise and motion to the other two to follow him. The little one follows next, followed by the one with no hat. The squirrel turns his gaze again to the deer, now standing up in the snow, twitching their tails and snorting. One is big and gray, one is slightly smaller and more tan, and one is younger and spotted. Looking back at the humans, the squirrel sees that they are walking towards the edge of the ravine, to a clear spot recently logged. The deer are moving now toward a switchback trail up the far side of the ravine, running. The humans have reached the edge of the ravine. The little one is pointing at the running deer and the one in the orange coat is snapping his gun up to his cheek. Bang! The squirrel drops his nut and dives into his tree home, where he is greeted by the noisy chatter of his tree mates.
I shot three times, the “magical gun of mystery” performing flawlessly for once. I lowered the gun and it registered that I had just seen deer and shot at them. I heard a squirrel chattering. On my left I heard Rob say, “You got ‘im,” incredulously. “We got a deer!” Luke exclaimed. At first I couldn’t see anything. We were standing side by side by side on the ridge in the fading light as the snow fell. Then I could see a big gray doe laying on the deer trail across the creek about 120 yards down and away. She was still. Two other deer were running up the trail, pausing for a moment looking back, cresting the rim and bounding out of the gorge and out of sight.
I turned my head and looked at Rob and Luke, who were smiling. “I am going to the deer,” I said. “Would you gentleman mind keeping your eye on it from here in case she gets up, or I can’t see her from down there in the thick stuff? I’ll give you a shout to come down when I get to her.” We all agreed to the plan, and as I excitedly and hurriedly slid on my backside down the snowy ravine (which I must remember to do again as it was quite exhilarating!), I could hear Luke speaking with exuberance to his father. While chambering a few shells in case the deer was not finished, I resolved then to do all I could to help Luke own this hunt.
As I feared, it was difficult to see anything in the tall brambles, and slowly I picked my way through the brush. I called to Luke, “Luke, can you still see her? Am I getting close?” Simultaneously, both Rob and Luke answered. Luke said “Yep, you’re almost there,” while Rob said “Keep going, a little to your right.” Then, after a few more steps, I saw the gray fur and white tail. When I got to her, she was quite still and dead. I called for Luke and Rob to come down, and emptied the shells from my gun. I leaned the gun in a low fork of a tree, and knelt down to my downed deer. I felt for her wound and finally found an entrance and exit wound in the neck, where the lead slug had severed her spine. She died almost instantly. No wonder she disappeared from view so quickly, which also better explained my instinctive second two shots at the other bigger deer.
Luke and Rob came up behind me and I could hear Luke saying “Wow, it’s bigger than I thought.” I was feeling her fur, and I invited Luke to check it out. It was then that I felt that “performance pressure” ease away from me, and a feeling of immense gratitude came over me. I realized how fortunate we all were to experience this, in this unique way, together. I became aware of how fortunate I was to be hunting in such a beautiful place that happened to be my back yard. And it occurred to me to impress upon Luke the importance of gratitude versus gloating when we have the good fortune of our hunt including a kill. I looked at Rob, and he communicated without words his deference in this situation, which is a compliment to another, as any father knows. I said “Can I get serious for a minute with Luke?” Rob said “Yes, of course.” So I said to Luke, “Remember how I said in hunting, as in life, things don’t always go our way? Well, today they went your way Luke, and my way too. We killed a deer. Now, we must be thankful for this deer, for this life we have taken. We don’t have to do anything fancy, we should just be quiet for a minute and think about this beautiful deer in this beautiful place and be thankful.” After a few moments as we knelt around this gray doe in the snow, giving thanks how we each saw fit, I heard a squirrel’s chatter from the big oak tree up on the ridge. I looked at Luke. “Kind of a strange squirrel hunt, huh Luke?” He had a shy look, turned his head away. “Yeah” he said, sort of laughing.
I asked Rob to go up to the house and get my butchering equipment and some baling twine from the sheep barn while Luke and I found a small lodge pole. While we waited for Rob’s return, we sat on a log and had target practice with the .22 on an old tree trunk that had gnarls in it that looked like the rings of a target paper with a bull’s eye. Luke showed that he was a pretty good shot. We ran out of rounds for the .22 just as Rob appeared up on the ridge. As he was picking his way down to us in the fading winter afternoon light, Luke said “This is the best hunting trip I have ever been on.”
Working quickly, we had the deer field dressed before dark, and we hung it from the lodge pole just like in the Davy Crocket books I read when I was a kid. Rob took the front, I took the rear, and the successful hunting party labored under the load of the heavy doe up the path to the top of the ridge as darkness fell. As we approached the farmhouse, we could see the warm yellow lights of the windows and we could all imagine the cheery fires and food, fun, and family waiting for us inside. My children and wife, as well as Rob’s wife and daughter were waiting at the door for us when we returned, and I couldn’t help thinking I was in a Currier and Ives dream state, or that Norman Rockwell would be sitting with his easel in the yard.
So, despite not having shot a trophy buck, my deer drought ended on a happier than could have been expected note. From what I hear, Luke is still telling his New York deer hunting tale. I never told Rob about how preposterous it was that an instinctual snap shot on a running deer at over one hundred yards down hill in bad light with a dubious gun shooting 2 ¾ shells through a stuck poly choke last set for ducks with two witnesses resulting in an instant kill neck shot was. That it was unbelievably lucky, never repeatable, I mean. Not that it wasn’t meant to be. I have told Rob that the hunt I shared with he and his son was one of the most memorable hunts, if not moments, of my life. I am hoping Luke will be willing to go after squirrels with me on my next trip for Moose in Maine or Elk in the Rockies. I hope that in life, as in hunting, things will continue to go Luke’s way.
what we are looking for out there. Hope everyone has a great hunt and be safe. Nick will have to ride the bench tomorrow but with any luck we will be back after those flying feathered fowl soon.
Many of the members and guests of BC Hunt club are DU members, and some BC members are a part of the leadership of the newly re-established Seneca Falls Chapter of DU. This is a reminder that there is a DU dinner on DEC 6th. Buy raffle tickets, come to the dinner, hang with friends, and do good by the ducks. We'd especially like to see our friends from down south, from Trumansburg, Ithaca, and even Pennsylvania.
This is Nick my 2 yr old Lab. This past sunday we were invited on a goose hunt with the B.C. hunt club on Brent Murray's Farm. We had a Great hunt taking 9 geese by my definition although according to Keith we have to count misses that would put the total ALOT higher.Nick performed great on the hunt retrieving all 9 birds and 4 of them which glided down over 100 yds away.This saved the B.C. boys alot of unwanted exercise chasing those half dead geese and therefore earned Nick a membership in the Prestigous B.C. hunt club.Nick was quite honored and I hope he will bring me with him on his future visits to B.C. hunt club.In case you are wondering why the photo is not of geese we did not have camera with us.This is a photo of 2006 duck opener Nick made 18 great retrieves this hunt took place somewhere in Canoga but if I told you where I would have to kill you.I will try to keep you up on Nick and my adventures and Nick thanks the guys at B.C. for the hunt and the membership
“Take- To harass, harm, pursue, hunt, shoot, wound, kill, trap, capture, or collect, or to attempt to engage in any such conduct; may include significant habitat modification or degradation if it kills or injures wildlife by significantly impairing essential behavioral patterns including breeding, feeding, or sheltering.”
“It is obvious that ‘take” in this sense—a term of art deeply embedded in the statutory and common law concerning wildlife—describes a class of acts (not omissions) done directly and intentionally (not indirectly and by accident) to particular animals (not populations of animals)...”
In a recent lecture about biodiversity and the Endangered Species Act at Cornell University, the issue of the interpretation of the word “take” arose. This definitional issue was at the heart of multiple rulings regarding incidental takings and the requirement for Habitat Conservation Plans, but it is also applicable, and confusing, to hunting and fishing regulations, as well as other wildlife management issues related to biodiversity. This post will explore further the etymology and usage of the word “take” in a wildlife context, and muse about possible complications when the definitions suggested by the Endangered Species Act and other legislation enter arguments.
Hunting, an obvious form of “taking,” is often a contentious topic among ecologists and environmentalists. For Minnesotans, to take has additional meanings: ‘Taking’ means pursuing, shooting, killing, capturing, trapping, snaring, angling, spearing, or netting wild animals; or placing, setting, drawing, or using a net, trap, or other device to take wild animals. Taking also includes attempting to take wild animals or assisting another person in taking wild animals” (Minnesota DNR; General Hunting Information[2]). Some states have run special referendums to guarantee hunting, fishing, and "the taking of game" as constitutional rights. Again, in Minnesota, advocates of hunting and fishing warned that without such a measure, animal rights activists would eventually succeed in getting hunting and fishing banned in Minnesota. The amendment passed by a huge majority: 77% to 23%.[3] Many states have similar definitions for “taking” as well as rights to hunt and fish laws. But do constitutional rights to “take” game conflict with regulations to prevent “taking?”
The concept of the “take” or “taking’ has deep legal roots. The common law rule of public ownership of wildlife is one of the most venerable principles known to the law. Under Roman law, wild animals were subject to common ownership, and a landowner had no ownership rights in wildlife passing over his land. (See J.C. Thomas, TEXTBOOK ON ROMAN LAW 167 (1976)). Under English common law, which built upon the Roman legal tradition, "the sovereign held an exclusive prerogative to animals" over and above the interests held by individual landowners (See 2 W. Blackstone, COMMENTARIES 417-18.). Upon the founding of the United States, the king's sovereign rights in wildlife were transferred to the individual states, which assumed the responsibility to act "as trustee[s] to support the title [in wildlife] for the common use." Arnold v. Mundy, 6 N.J.L. 1, 70 (N.J. 1821). (See generally Thomas A. Lund, Early American Wildlife Law, 51 N.Y.U.L. Rev. 703 (1976)).[4]
Although our nation's original concepts of wildlife law reflect English tradition, American wildlife law has moved a long way from simply restricting public access to hunting in royal forests to preserve wildlife for the sporting enjoyment of nobility.[5] Now it is common to encounter strict statutory prohibitions on taking non-game wildlife, and there is an evolving national ethic to protect wildlife for aesthetic and moral reasons, as well as to benefit future generations. The development of federal wildlife law in this century in some instances has been based on a consistent and growing public concern for wildlife and appropriate use of wildlife resources, and in other instances simply has responded, along with other environmental laws, to the ebb and flow of changing political forces.[6]
Despite the beneficial evolution of wildlife law, both to wildlife populations and to human aesthetics, there are still confusing definitional problems as yet unresolved. The following example elucidates this confusion:
Recently, The Hunting Report [7] received a report from subscriber William Gentner, complaining bitterly about an Alaska guide he hired, who reportedly fired the killing shot at a bear Gentner was hunting on Kodiak Island. Gentner claims the guide's bullet was the only one to strike his bear, and that he had told his guide not to fire at a bear unless someone’s life was in danger. Since that was not the case, he considered the downed bear as not belonging to him. Gentner reputedly went to the local Alaska Department of Fish and Game (ADFG) office in Kodiak the following day. There he was threatened with citation and prosecution if he didn't sign a “take” document he felt contained false information. He subsequently refused to tag and seal it, and has to this date refused to accept the trophy.
Gentner wrote the ADFG commissioner arguing that the shooting of the bear by his guide contradicted two statutes, an opinion he says was shared by two Alaska law enforcement officials. The commissioner has not denied this. The commissioner did respond that it was legal for the guide to shoot the bear because Gentner's missed shot was an "Attempt to take, which is the same as take".
Gentner claims to be harmed, in that he is out $16,000, a $500 bear tag and can't re-apply for a brown bear tag in most areas of Alaska for 4 years because of the decision that it was reasonable for a guide to shoot. Gentner has cancelled his spring 2004 Alaskan hunt and is agitating that any would-be non-resident hunter do the same.
The State of Alaska in a letter to William Gentner, however, says the bear belongs to Gentner because:
1.) Alaska regulations say that the term "take" as regards hunting includes "attempting to take, pursue, hunt, fish, trap, or in any manner capture or kill fish or game. By taking the first shot, you (Gentner) attempted to take the bear. Its eventual demise was a direct consequence of your decision to shoot. Thus the bear was yours, and you had an obligation to tag and seal it." 2.) Alaska regulations require a guide to "use every lawful means to bag a wounded animal while it is in danger of escaping. While (your guide) was mistaken in his belief that the animal was wounded, he acted correctly on that belief by dispatching the bear."
The Alaska Department of Fish and Game commissioner's decision in what some saw as a hunting ethics case was based on the definition of the word "Take" in the hunting regulations no.43[8]. The commissioner also gave credence to the guide’s predisposition to believe the client was going to hit whatever he shot at. This decision may affect hunting in Alaska, as situations such as this present conflicts for Fair Chase and ethical hunting rules and standards.
This case has given rise to numerous blog and online discussion boards where arguments, some interesting, some ridiculous, are being posited. One interesting one follows.
A frequent contributor to the Alaska Hunting Forum[9] proclaims that “a warning is in order to all hunters and guides that it is illegal to miss an animal and not bring it to bag, or to guide a hunter that does so.[10]” He goes on to lay out a scenario where a hunter clearly misses a shot at a brown bear and the bear subsequently runs over a hill and escapes. The forum poster argues that, according to the definition applied to Mr. Gentner by the state of Alaska, the hunter has "taken" the brown bear. He argues further that, now, according to state law he must affix his tag to the bear's hide, which obviously can’t be done, and implies or necessitates a violation. Assuming this turn of events, the hunter’s guide may be culpable for aiding the hunter in breaking the law and must turn him in to avoid his own prosecution.
Despite what appears to be an absurd argument, the forum poster goes on to raise provocative questions about interpreting “taking.” If the hunt was for moose and not a bear, and given particularly stringent laws governing wanton waste and salvaging meat, both the hunter and his guide may be in danger of violating the law. If one imagines a scenario where the guide is a waterfowl guide, does the guide have to count the number of ducks his client has shot at and missed, and cut him off after he shoots at his limit, even if he has reduced to possession only one or perhaps even no ducks or geese? What if the desired animal is standing just over the boundary line of a national park after the missed shot. Is it the guide’s responsibility to go enter the national park, without his gun, to put a tag through his hide? And how about carrying him back to have sealed? As the poster comments, given these interpretations of “taking,” “Boy, is guiding tough.”
It is interesting to note that the usage of “take” can be interpreted in so many and diverse ways, even within the relatively narrow parameters of discussions on biodiversity conservation. It is worth noting that, though some argue against hunting, fishing, and other “consumptive” wildlife interactions on moral or ethical grounds, these consumptive wildlife stakeholders contribute significantly to biodiversity conservation through their purchasing power, advocacy networks, and educational programs dealing with their preferences. One might ask the question whether it would be appropriate to interpret “take” any differently for protection of endangered species versus hunting with the intent to possess managed game species. Such an alternate interpretation may reduce confusion around the concept of “taking,” and in so doing reduce conflict among stakeholders who, though holding alternate worldviews on animal welfare, share interest and concern for the conservation of biodiversity.
[3] ASLE panel at the 1999 Midwest/MLA Convention; “Blood Relations: Predators, Prey, and Habitat in Environmental Literature.”
Occasionally, flattery comes Cagey's way, like "Keith is once again pointing the way to the happy hunting grounds ..." or "there were 5 hunters 2 of which, Mike O and Mr. Tidball, are extremely good shots by anyone's judgment" or even "Congratulations to the entire Tidball family for their hard work and dedication to future wildlife that will be the result of this project. Without the help and blessings from each of you this would never have happened." Makes a guy's head swell, make's a guy feel allright about himself, part of something... but that is a temporary sensation at the august hunting institution known as BC Hunt Club. Here, getting a swelled head is a prelude to a swift kick somewhere sensitive...and you may find yourself saying "why am I here?" Welcome to Beer Club (enter Fight Club sound track)
I took some time to be introspective, and as a I lay listening to geese overhead from my bed instead of from a field Sunday AM, to shots ringing out and reputations being remade and ruined in everchanging seconds, I realized the inevitability of ego. I wanted the bottom of it all, two questions answered.
Well, now...it seems that I am mistaken. Fiona is the member, I am just her tolerated guest. So, I got THAT going for me.
Well to answer Ernie's Question the shooting was not coming from us.Unfortunately we had a tough opening day the birds dumped into the field two over from us and we could not compete with the hundreds of live birds two fields over.We did manage to bring down one goose.However we did have a couple flocks of ducks come in and were able to take a few mallards.Not the best day ever but any day in the feild is a good day.How did you guys do in the dozer pile?You couldn't have gotten any birds because SPENNELLI was not there to back you up.
Jim, Thanks for the invite I will do my best to contibute to the blog. This is a test run to see if it works properly.See you in the blind.
Well, I sit here pseudointellectually blogging this morning while the rest of the BC Hunt Club is out in the field slaying giant Canadas over the field dekes. So be it.
This is the liposuction procedure that "wide Republican-assed" goose hunters undergo to remove extra poundage from their derrières so as to relieve the pressure points on their buttocks while sitting in the goose pits, thereby greatly reducing the painful medical condition of "Post-Hunt Creased Cheeks Hunting Fatigue Syndrome," more familiarly known as bucket butt.
In the English lexicon, we have well over one million words to draw from. English is the largest and most dynamic, functional, utilitarian and technological language on the earth. More on this in a moment, but first there is what linguists and theologists, those who love to study words, calls Browns Corpus, it’s a collection of all the words used in today’s English. There are over a million of those words. Now get this, 57% of our million plus words have just four letters or less. For example, words like “the”, “has”, “been”, “and”, “but”, “of” and “have”. But when we create a dictionary of words, words for four or fewer letters, they only represent and account for less than 9% of the entire dictionary. This shows what is called communication deficiency of language. Short words are repeated often and are called “high frequency figures”. Longer words are used sparingly. Less use makes them rare and therefore fewer people know them and that justifies dictionaries to collect and teach them. For every occurrence of a ten letter word in actual communication there are eight occurrences of the letter words and for every occurrence of a twenty letter word there are three thousand five hundred and twenty four occurrences of a three letter word.
The lesson here is that as we seek to expand our minds and our vocabulary, we must also seek at the same time to reduce our wide Republican butts to achieve total harmony of mind and body, yin and yang, oral and anal.
Although I cannot be in the goose pits this morning, I am with you all in spirit. I wish you happy hunting and fatigue-free fannies. May all your geese fly low. May your one shot kills be undisputed.
Once again this is what all of the well traveled goose hunters will be using to get to the birds this season. Load em up and head out no matter how much snow is on the ground. We just may upgrade to a green machine this year for ease of hiding in the hedgrow. As you can see Keith is once again pointing the way to the happy hunting grounds while JT is listening intently. BC Hunt club is a bit concerned about our Mr. JT though. Some fear that when he comes that he will be humming songs and reciting poetry now that he is the Director of Operations at the soon to be infamous Ithaca Theater of the Performing Arts. I suppose he will be showing up late as well due to having to hang around after the evenings performance with the muckey mucks sipping fine wine and making up new 20 letter words that only the wealthiest of socialites would understand. As for me I will be at Beer Camp early in the morning with my good buddy Big Jim uttering some of the simpler 4 letter words and awaiting the arrival of my hunting buddies. The call is for snow but I doubt we'll be needing the Limo this weekend to get to the field. Enjoy the opening of another goose season this weekend and as always be safe out there!
Geico changed the image of the person on the couch to protect Jim's fragile emotions... Thank goodness for the loving support Jim get's from the dozer pile boys!
Strangely Jim wasn't there to claim geese. Perhaps he was comfortable in a sauna talking alot about hunting. ;)
Labels: duck hunting, geese cagey claims to have shot, goose hunting, goose hunts Jim wishes he was on
definitely hunting-related. Apparently the full-length feature film was released on December 3, 2010.
this excellent video comes to us via our favorite local northeast region Ruffled Grouse Society biologist. enjoy.
Don't know if you guys have been following this story, but here's the Sarah Palin clip of her taking six shots at a caribou that has sparked a lot of discussion/debate/criticism this week.
Aaron Sorkin let loose with this expletive-laden diatribe against Palin: "In Her Defense, I'm Sure the Moose had it Coming."
Now, the most fun yet: Rutgers law professor Gary Francione--he of the ultimate pro-animal rights position--writes to Sorkin saying "I Hate to Say It, but Sarah Palin is Right: A Response to Aaron Sorkin."
Have you guys heard about this? Kind of puts the damper on wilderness designations if it goes through.
(Columbus, OH) - As a result of a recent anti-hunting court ruling, the U.S. Forest Service is starting a formal review of its Management Plan for the Huron-Manistee National Forest to consider banning hunting with firearms in some areas.
In September, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Forest Service’s regulations required that it consider banning hunting with guns on lands designated as “semi-primitive.” The Court found that the noise associated with gun hunting could harm the quality of the recreational experience of hikers, backpackers, and cross county skiers.
Just as troublesome, the Court ruled that the Forest Service was required to consider closing these areas to gun hunting in places where there is other public, non-Forest land nearby that is open to gun hunting. This could require the Forest Service to close lands currently open for gun hunting when other state or federal hunting lands are opened.
The court ruling has prompted the Forest Service to start a formal review of the Huron-Manistee Management Plan. Primarily, the review will focus on whether or not hunting with guns should be banned on the “semi-primitive” areas.
Sportsmen will be given opportunities to submit comments to the Forest Service throughout the review process.
“This court ruling is a major threat to hunting on these lands and across the country,” said Rob Sexton, USSA vice president for government affairs. “Anti-hunters will likely use this ruling to try and force the Forest Service to ban gun hunting on other Forest lands.
On October 26th, the U.S. Sportsmen’s Alliance and a coalition of nineteen other leading conservation groups sent a letter to the Forest Service requesting that it rewrite the regulations the Court used to render the anti-hunting decision.
The U.S. Sportsmen’s Alliance is a national association of sportsmen and sportsmen’s organizations that protects the rights of hunters, anglers and trappers in the courts, legislatures, at the ballot, in Congress and through public education programs. For more information about the U.S. Sportsmen’s Alliance and its work, call (614) 888-4868 or visit its website, www.ussportsmen.org.
This buck was taken by Jamie Vann of Trumansburg. Grossed an amazing 175 5/8 in. and was taken in Hector National Forest."
Hello fellow grousers. I may have mentioned to some of you that Mo and I are making a big push to get the Seneca Wild Harvest Table more squarely on the Cornell Cooperative Extension map. We are succeeding in incremental ways as far as the bureaucracy goes (DEC and Federal Formula Funds both look promising), but perhaps better in the "local buzz" category--check out Mo's radio interview this morning here.
I'm thinking this year we may just dress him up as a Christmas tree and put him on an extended sit-stay for the month.
Until the Pennsyltucky rifle opener. Driving home last night, 10 pm, 0.25 miles from the Valley of Death, my deer hunting ground. What's that in the headlights? An apparition? Phantom? Fantasy? 10 points with tines scraping tree tops. Into the Valley he slinks. I, KG and Ben will lust for his soul in the days to come.
Thanksgiving on the Tidball ranch; a fantastic tradition that brings together family, friends, land, sky, and the creatures therein. Jim and Keith, each having shot multiple deer, felt sorry for my state of deprivation (22 hours in the stand and no deer seen) and devised a plan to push something past me.
The morn dawned grey and windy, strong out of the SE, so we drove around to the W of Keith’s back field and worked our way E. I wore my throwback hunter red and black plaid Woolrich coat that belonged to my grandfather. Jim and I each sat on a fencerow, and Keith chose the hickory lot. A brush-busting neighbor paid me a visit, having managed to sit on his stand for an entire 20 minutes!! After departing, he pushed out a couple of deer a couple hundred yards away. My deer shotgun is pretty low tech (smoothbore and no scope). It is more like bowhunting (gotta upgrade) so a few hundred yards feels like the next county. Probably they had been working their way right to me, but at least I had seen deer.
We regrouped. Keith had seen deer as well: a buck and four does. I still hunted my way along the N fenceline toward a good stand just off the corner of the field and with a good view as well of the big gully. A buck jumped up when I was about 30 yards away, but flashed through the thick stuff and was gone. No shot. I settled into the stand and Keith and Jim began a slow push toward me. Movement in the brush along the fenceline. A coyote! Despite farm protocols that suggest I should take advantage, I really didn’t want to shoot the dang thing.
About 5 minutes later, from where the coyote disappeared, I caught movement. A doe (or so I thought), working her way toward me, down in one of the smaller gullies that drop into the main branch. About 50 yards. She was coming closer but I saw that if she stayed in the gully, she would soon be below my line of sight. She showed me some chest and I held behind the shoulder and touched the trigger. She tumbled, letting out a bloodcurdling bawl that Jim heard from a couple hundred yards away. She lunged to her feet and then crashed down again, and lay still, white belly toward me. I sat still for 5-10 minutes, watching.
I still hadn’t moved, but then suddenly she was on her feet, lunging away, too thick for a shot. I called to the boys and told them to watch out. Jim walked toward me along the fence, where I had last seen the deer. I still expected it to be dead along the fenceline.
A single shot from Jim. “Great,” I thought, “the finishing shot”. My heart sank, though, when Jim’s shot was followed by another, 10 seconds later. The deer was on the run, the chase was on, and my role was that of the guy trying to piece it together from afar. More shots from the gully. A call from Keith. “The deer is down!”. Relief. Followed by more shots. “What the ****?”
The deer was running the gully, with Jim following and Keith racing to outflank. He made it, to the promontory that overlooks “possum flats” where we dragged out his deer a couple of days earlier. The deer was trying to climb out of the gully to the east. If he made it to the open field, he’d be across route 89 and into the marsh on the other side. Keith hit him again, from ~150 yards across the gully, and down he went.
I have never seen an animal that wanted to live so much, that fought so hard, as this guy (as he turned out to be a button buck). Altogether we hit him five times. I surely am not proud of this, but I am proud of how well we coordinated as a team. Without the team effort, he surely would have not been ours. Much to be thankful for here—the winter meat yes, but so much more.
Saturday was the opening day of the firearms deer season. At around 7:30 am, I missed a moving buck, a very wide and thick 6 pointer, at about 90 yards in cover. This buck was just hammering on a small button buck, literally kicking his can all over the place. I watched this big old buck throw the little feller into the air with his antlers, chase him down, and pin him to the forest floor. When the shot (80 yards or so, moving- high winds) finally, briefly, presented itself, I was surprised and frustrated by the miss. The day's frustration continued with increasing heavy winds, and the hunting pressure from neighboring farms, as it seemed every time I got settled into a new location, within an hour bright orange blobs could be seen in my upwind scent cones.
I finally decided to finish the opener in a newly installed, safe, two person ladder stand in the "square wood" otherwise known as the "hickory lot." This stand has a great view to the east and the south east of two large fields and a hedgerow. As I entered the little grove to climb into the stand, I kicked up two deer, but I could only hear them and see their tails. About an hour later, two deer, does, appeared at the end of the large field I was hunting over, out of range. They were feeding relatively comfortably on the clover. I watched them for quite awhile through the Nikon BDC scope mounted on my Ithaca Deerslayer II. They finally drifted out of the field and into the gully. Ten minutes later, another doe appeared, this one moving more purposefully toward the gate at the far southeast corner of the field. After 5 minutes, another deer appeared- the big 6 pointer.
The wind was blowing from the West, from behind me, to the field and the deer. I had not noticed any of the three does from minutes earlier obviously "scent" or "wind" me. However, as I had an aerosol can of "Buck Bomb" given to me, I thought I 'd see how well it works by spraying some in the air and hoped it would drift down wind to the buck and lure him my way. I sprayed, and within a minute, the buck could be seen scenting the air, nose high, in my direction. He immediately began to move towards me, closing the 300 yards step by step.
At about 150 yards, the buck veered slightly left (south) and was concealed by the thin hedgerow that runs perpendicular to the line of woods where I was positioned. The sun was setting, a big full moon was peaking in and out of the clouds. I assumed the buck was marching toward me. Five minutes, ten minutes, twenty minutes elapsed. No buck. I resigned myself to the fact that he had been dissatisfied with something and lured elsewhere. I packed up my satchel, slung the gun over my head and shoulder behind me, and prepared to descend from stand. Just as I extended my foot to step down to the first rung, I heard leaves crunching steadily, from behind the hedgerow where I had been expecting the buck. "It's him!" I nearly said out loud. "Better late than never." I clumsily removed my gun, knocking my hat off in the process. I settled in to a shooting position and tried to calm my nerves.
The bright moon and lingering sunset gave decent light, which was improved by the light-gathering qualities of my scope. I watched the end of the hedgerow intently. The sound of shuffling leaves grew louder . I could see feet, legs. The deer paused. Head movement. I could see an antler. "It's him!" I thought again, almost out loud. He was hanging back, sniffing. I needed two steps for a 15 yard shot at vitals, broadside. He took ones step, still partially obscured by the tangly brush of the Buckthorn and other hedgerow miscellany. As he bobbed his head I could make out his profile, tall antlers, points, some thickness... he stepped again. A clear shot at vitals. Bang. The Hornady SST was on its way.
He jumped straight up, and then went running. I shot four more times at him running, later learning that three of these running shots connected. The final shot downed him in the middle of my field, out about 150 yards. It was done. I descended the ladder, slightly shaky and well adrenalized, was smiling as I walked up to the big buck... but he got smaller as I approached. I stopped, paused... "that's a different buck" I said aloud. I walked closer, knelt over him, gently took the tall but juvenile antler, and chuckled softly. "Sorry boy- a case of mistaken identity" I said.
Apparently the original big 6 point deer, when concealed by the hedgerow, was met by the smaller 8 point 1 and 1/2 year old buck. Whatever transpired, time elapsed, and one buck went one way, one buck went my way. The smaller one went my way and is now headed towards the sausage maker.
I believe this is the same buck as pictured below from pre-archery October trail camera shots. He was supposed to benefit from QDM. Instead he fell victim to classic buck lust and "eager orange" as I call it. I have been struggling with that since the kill, but have resolved to be thankful and move on, perhaps wiser. In any case, as I have been told, you can't eat antlers. He'll be tasty. I will remember him for what he is and isn't, and for the Opening Day hunt under a full moon that I wasn't going to get to experience, but did.
Day two of the opener dawned sunny and with little wind. I set up in the second of my three two-person tree stands, the one that faces south down in the gully. I set Rich up in the "Quickie" stand that overlooks "The Bedroom," a deer bedding area that has traditionally held big bucks every year. My goal was to fill the first of my 2 DMPs (the second is for a different WMU). At 7:30 am, I filled that tag with a nice, neat, single 50 yard chip shot that anchored the deer in her tracks. In the picture, the white spot in the center is the doe's belly. Rich helped me gut it and drag it out. There will be feasting.
He loved well the Wisconsin grouse woods; the big water, prairie potholes and coulees of Alberta; the rocky hills of Pennsylvania; and the marshes of the Finger Lakes country.
So I was feeling slightly fraudulent with the attention the Wild Harvest Table has been getting and therefore being asked the question, "do you hunt?", to which I had to reply, well I fish, but I am more the cook. So last weekend I accepted the invitation to go on a squirrel hunt with my family. Cagey set me up with his beloved LC Smith 20 gauge and our oldest daughter had her .22 Chipmunk. We set off for the wood line in the front field. We noted that there suddenly weren't any squirrels to be found when you are actually hunting them, but then we saw one up ahead. Our guide hurried us on. He told us to wait as he went around the huge cotton tree to push the squirrel to our side and not to worry as long as we aimed high. Sure enough, the squirrel came around to our side up high in the tree and I shot. "BOOM", yes the gun tip went up, but the squirrel was shot. He scrambled/fell down the tree and started across the ground. Damn. I shot again. Now he was clearly hit hard and feebly moving away slowly. I have no more shots or ammo to reload, so I call in the sharp shooter with her .22. "Quick, take the squirrel that is getting away (unless I choose to go pick it up, I realized in hindsight)...shoot it in the head", I plead to my daughter. Aim, fire, and the squirrel is quickly dispatched. We now have squirrel to add to our Thanksgiving larder, and I am no longer just the cook.
Ambush nearly successful STOP 20 meters but obscured by cover STOP target is a "shooter"STOP presented "quartering toward" shot oblique STOP shot declined, reference ROE STOP target has exfiltrated STOP will reengage at 1500 STOP regaining radio silence FULL STOP
Latest entry at the Fair Chase blog: http://fairchasehunting.blogspot.com/2010/11/honor-hunt-by-hunting-with-honor.html
You labba dabba guys never cease to amaze me. When will you learn that your stupid pet tricks will never measure up to the True Greatness that is the Pointy-Sissy-Dogge. harrumph.
Stolen poem - picture taken after a long, very cold day of fishing the Gallatin River outside of Bozeman last fall.
Yes, it's sad but true, Herter's decoys are no more. As reported on a number of hunting sites, including http://www.yellowdogpatrol.com/2010/09/cabelas-discontinues-herters-decoys.html
In Herter's and KGT's honor, I spent some time yesterday repainting some Herter's 72s that were looking a little beat up. Better keep an eye on the Pennysaver and Craigslist for now on, 'cause they ain't making any more of these.
p.s. And in case anyone's wondering about the size of those neck bands . . . take a look at the videos on takeem.com .
Opening day for ducks (as well as the morning following the full moon and west wind that might bring a flight of mudbats) coincided with Nolan's last soccer game of the season as well as the long-awaited Insectapalooza at the university (and notwithstanding my lack of federal duck stamp), so the sporting life of this household didn't get started until the sun, under a heavy veil of clouds, had descended substantially in the west. Both the boys thought it was a good idea to put off supper for awhile so that we might bring Brody out to look for a woodcock.
And so, attired in boots, orange vests and hats, and toting side-by-side shotguns real and real-looking and a spear, we three trudged with Brody up past the barn and pigeon loft to a small stand of red maples above the pasture. We were going woodcock hunting.
A light wind was out of the southeast, so we entered the woods from the north to give the dog some wind to work with. I activated Brody's beeper collar and sent him in. Nolan and Collin followed me; we paused while I answered questions about the beeper and how we'd know if Brody found a bird. In a minute or so (probably less) Brody went on point. I found a good place for the boys to stand and watch while I went ahead to flush the bird. Collin was backing me up with his shotgun (minus caps), as was Nolan with his spear. My stomping about didn't produce a bird, and before long Brody worked cautiously ahead. He came to a stop after another 30 yards.
I brought the boys up to another opening where they had a view the dog, and again I went in to flush a bird. This time a woodcock whistled up. My first shot whistled up through the air past the rising bird, and the second shot tumbled the woodcock to the ground. There was no need for Collin to fire his pop gun, and fortunately no need for Nolan to hurl his spear. Brody over ran the bird, which allowed me to get there in time to take it from the dog soon after he picked it up (haven't progressed that far w/ fetch yet). The boys were pretty excited (so were Brody and I for that matter). They'd seen the dog go on point, the bird fly up, the shooting, and the bird fall. They each wanted a "smoky shell". It was getting late, and the odds of improving on the hunt were about nil, so I heeled the pup and we headed to the house. The kids took turns carrying the woodcock. They recounted the hunt over pizza, and after supper they did a fine job of plucking the bird. The only drawback of this perfect hunt is that their expectations may be a bit too high now. For what it's worth, it didn't seem like a flight had come in last night.
I know Keith likes his carnage reports--sorry I didn't post this earlier. Perhaps Andy can provide some analysis of the data or an overview of how the nation's numbers were last year.
We got out again yesterday to help the state manage its pesky woodcock problem. Six birds, five points, one shot, one kill. NO grouse. hmmm.
Bird numbers were good in NE Minnesota. Weather was balmy, a little on the dry side. Unfortunately I wasn't able to get my dogs on the ground much -- a couple hours for Brody on Saturday 10/9 and a couple hours more later in the week during scouting; an hour w/ Spy during the RGS hunt, and finally (after the work was done) about 6 hrs w/ Brody over this past Sat eve/Sun morn. This was our first hunting of the year anywhere.
Little things can make or break a hunt. Spy made the most of his hour of hunting last Friday by pointing 3 wc and 4 grouse; all 7 birds were quite killable and were shot at, but we bagged just two: a wc by my hunter (his first!) and a grouse that I killed on Spy's last point of the day (at his age -- 13 -- you never know when it's his last. Period.).
Brody showed alot of... "variation", and alot of progress in a short time. He bumped plenty of birds early on, and made some nice points - and more consistently worked birds nicely - as his time on the ground increased. He ran w/ alot of urgency initially, probably a combination of pent-up energy and inexperience (as well as the potential to race in his breeding), and later settled into an easy handling mode, but still covering ground quickly. In the end I killed a woodcock and 3 grouse over his points, and I let go alot of killable foot-flushed and bumped birds. All those bumped birds and the few killed birds are great training. It's those pointed birds that got away that I regret not bringing down to reward the pup.
The photo is Brody last Sunday morning/noon in MN. It was dry as chips, but the birds were abundant and Brody was getting the hang of it. I had just knocked down a grouse from his 3rd or 4th point in a row, and he pointed it "dead" -- you can see it through the veg below about 6 inches to the front-right of his nose, its head is up. Pup was in a stupor, standing paralyzed, drunk on scent, eyes were just slits.
Also that morning I got to educate Brody on porcupines. For anyone who runs an e-collar, you might want to take advantage of your next porky encounter by setting the transmitter on fry-o-lator and nicking your dog when he knowingly approaches the porcupine too close. You want him to see and smell it. He'll think the porky gave him the jolt. Don't say a word, just pet him when he runs over to you, and hunt on. Try to come back around down wind later for another lesson. This could pay off some day. Hopefully you'll never know.
Labels: dog training, grouse hunting, happiness, Minnesota, missed shots, porcupines, woodcock hunting
Here's another pic from the trip. Woodcock were spotty, as usual. Had a good first day on the eastern U.P. and landed these three bogsuckers with Phoebe.
I must say I got to see good work on woodcock from Bill's dog Maya and also from Rich's Conley, he of the earlier Pillsbury Doughboy fame.
Grousers, here's what you need to do to your 2000 F-150s prior to taking them off-roading in the wilderness.
It has come to some grousers' attention that other grousers consider Wisconsin to be a "second rate" suburb to Minnesota, and far below the great state of Maine as a desirable grouse camp location.
Be that as it may . . . we hunted hard all week, scouting some new coverts as well as revisiting some old ones. It was all good.
Apricots and peaches are stone fruit, related to plums and almonds. Nectarines are smooth peaches, or peaches are fuzzy nectarines. The flavour of tree ripened peaches, apricots and nectarines bears no resemblance to the rubbish sold in shops.
Peaches and nectarines are the most widely grown stone fruit. They bear early and heavily. By growing a wide variety, you can have a three or four month supply of the fruit. Most varieties have a chilling requirement of 800-1200 hours and so are not suited to the sub-tropical or tropical areas of Australia. They are susceptible to the fungal disease, brown rot that is propagated in warm, wet weather so the best fruit is produced in areas having a dry summer. They are moderately frost susceptible, the young fruit being killed by frost.
These trees must have free draining soil. The addition of copious quantities of compost to heavy soils is essential. Where long periods of heavy rain are the norm, some sort of drainage system in the soil is essential. Lots of feeding is imperative, as they have a heavy requirement for nitrogen to give of their best.
The trees can be planted as close as 1.5 m apart, though 3 m is more usual. The close-planted trees require more summer pruning to prevent the formation of a useless thicket. Peaches fruit on last year's wood. These fruiting laterals are ideally 30-40 cm long. Pruning consists of removing laterals that have already fruited and thinning the remainder to a spacing of 15-20 cm.
Fruit thinning is essential to obtain good-sized fruit. Six to eight weeks following full bloom, after the normal fruit drop, the remaining fruitlets are thinned to a spacing of 15-20 cm or about 15 peaches per metre of main limb.
The fungal diseases of brown rot and peach leaf curl can take a heavy toll. Bordeaux mixture (or other copper based fungicide) sprayed at pink bud is a good preventive. (More fungal control methods). Make sure you remove any mummified fruit from the trees and dispose of them in a hot compost heap.
Nearly all peaches and nectarines are self-fertile, the exception being the peach, J.H. Hale. It needs another variety to fertilise its flowers since its own pollen is sterile.
Most of the foregoing applies to apricots, the chief differences being the greater vigour of apricot trees, and that apricots bear their fruit mainly on two and three year old wood. Apricots also flower very early, so if you are in a frost prone area, choose an appropriate variety. Apricots set a lot of fruit, so thin the fruit heavily, both to ensure adequate fruit size and reduce the possibility of biennial bearing. Apricot wood is also very brittle. Limbs too heavily laden with fruit tend to break off.
Prune apricots lightly, as large cuts are prone to fungal disease. To reduce the chances of infection, prune when the weather is warm and dry. Water shoots are best cut back in summer. Remove or shorten shoots competing with the leader and thin out lateral shoots to avoid crowding. Most apricot trees are pruned as an open vase, but they could be trellised on a palmette. Trained this way against a stone or brick wall, they would be less susceptible to frost.
At Growth & Justice, we believe a fair and sustainable Minnesota is built from the ground up, across a broad range of issues. No single initiative can solve the challenges we face on its own. Use the links below to learn more about our work in each of these areas.
Summary of Qualifications An RVA native and VCU alumnus, Britt has years of agency experience with small to medium sized firms wearing almost every hat imaginable. From national brands such as sweetFrog to local and not-for-profit organizations, his experience in project and client relations leads to effective budgets and timelines for both the agency and the client. Additionally, Britt is well-versed in setting up the organizational models and structure of agencies: this ranges from standard processes and procedures for meeting project needs, to selecting the business systems (accounting, time tracking, etc.) that best fit your budget and your needs. Want to meet with this mentor? Talk with your Lead...
Summary of Qualifications Lindsay Grant is part of The Hodges Partnership, a PR & communications strategy firm based in Shockoe Bottom. With a career spent at PR and marketing agencies, Lindsay has the pleasure of advising clients – big and small – on how to approach their communications strategy. As a senior-level account director at Hodges, she focuses on strategic planning, writing, media relations, content marketing and internal communications. Clients over the years have ranged from local start-ups to household brands and nonprofit organizations all with varying budgets and unique goals. And at the end of the day, no matter the budget and resources, Lindsay believes that a smart communications strategy is within reach for every business. Her campaigns have won industry awards and her clients have turned into long-lasting business relationships. She’s a VCU grad, PRSA Richmond board member, APR certified and an adjunct faculty member at the VCU Robertson School of Media and Culture. She lives in the city and is known to cheer on all things Richmond, including the Rams. Want to meet with this mentor? Talk with your Lead...
Are Body Shop Products Natural is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
British Natural History Museum Pillars is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How To Detox Your Kidney Naturally At Home is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://www.globalhealingcenter.com/natural-health/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/10-natural-remedies-for-kidney-stones.jpg
How To Get Very White Skin Naturally is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Treatment Ringworm Baby is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Way To Tighten Skin Pores is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Nature S Bounty Blue Light is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. William Gregory Lee (born January 24, 1973 in Virginia Beach, Virginia) is an American actor. His first prominent role was as Virgil on Xena: Warrior Princess. He is perhaps still best known for his role as Zack on the series Dark Angel (2000–2001). Lee has appeared in a number of other roles, including the 2002 horror film Wolves of Wall Street and his current starring role as "Ambrosius Vallin" in the here! original series Dante's Cove. He has also appeared as Sven in the 2003 film Beauty and the Beast.
In addition, travel goalies MUST wear chest pads and throat guards. Goalies may also wear shin guards and football pants (with or without pads). Many coaches believe youth level goalkeepers benefit from wearing shin, kneww, and thigh pads - such pads are authorized for youth play so long as they do not significantly increase the size of the limb protected (e.g. no ice hockey, field hockey, or box lacrosse goalie pads).
The length of the crosse may be 37 to 42 inches. No exceptions, except for the goalkeepers crosse which may be 37 to 60 inches long. See additional guidance on sticks at the bottom of this page.
In Junior play only, a long crosse shall be 43 to 60 inches and a team may have a maximum of only three players using long crosses, not counting the goalkeeper’s crosse, in the game at any time. Also in Junior play only, a player who uses a crosse shorter than 40 inches shall, if the crosse is challenged, be required to remove it from play with no further penalty assessed.
Mouthguard which fully covers the upper jaw teeth. Must be colored - no clear mouthguards. Note: mouthguards cannot be physically tethered to the eyewear.
Goalies: must wear a helmet with a face mask, a separate throat protector, padded gloves, a mouth piece, a chest protector and padding on the shins and thighs. The helmet must meet the NOCSAE test standard. Padding on the arms and shoulders is also acceptable. For travel teams, the goalie must wear a top of the same color as her team over her chest and shoulder pads; and must wear bottoms which are in agreement with the team's predominant color or be black or gray.
Pocket: legal when ball moves freely in pocket and stick meets manufacturing specs from Rule 9 in “Official Rules for Girls and
Sticks are checked at pre-game line-up and umpires may remove illegal sticks from game. Umpires will recheck illegal sticks at halftime and allow for use if the stick passes.
House League Sticks: Here is some additional guidance for sticks and pockets for House League players (K-4th Grade)
GYL modification: For K-3rd graders, we recommend if 35.5 inches is too large, you cut down to the shaft to the arm size of the girl (see video link in the references column)
For K-2 especially, we recommend putting a small pocket in each girl's stick and progressively shortening it throughout the season. A pocket will allow the player to scoop, cradle, throw, catch, and shoot with more confidence.
Also note, your child should be using a proper lacrosse stick – "fiddle sticks" are not real lacrosse sticks and it is very difficult to use these with a regulation size lacrosse ball
The pocket must be adjusted so that the top of the ball does not fall below the bottom edge of the head when the stick is held horizontally
CONNY Lacrosse 2015 Boys Rules of Play Supplement (all players at this level should adhere to the U9 guidelines regardless of how old they are)
Additionally during the early season practices, it can get cold and sometimes rainy. If this happens, please have your child wear layers with outer and under layers of clothing. Some suggestions are:full-sleeve t-shirt, water resistant jacket, water resistant sweat pants, and thin gloves.
We love the authors, we support them by buying their works so that they can dedicate themselves to their art.
Greenworks.tv does not contain any files. UK law authorizes you to download a Epub, MOBi or PDF only if you have the original book. Neither Greenworks.tv, the hosting company nor anyone can be held responsible for the misuse of this site.
I documenti in IRIS sono protetti da copyright e tutti i diritti sono riservati, salvo diversa indicazione.
We offer free Fed Ex or UPS Ground shipping nationwide except Hi and Ak. We are not responsible for UPS or Fed Ex delivery delays or weather related problems. We do not accept expedited orders. Please expect 4-10 days for shipping to your home. All shipments are insured and require adult signature at time of delivery. Special orders may take longer for delivery, please discuss with your sales rep for details. Due to prevention of fraud and requirements of our financing partners we cannot ship to alternate delivery locations or PO Boxes.
You will receive a tracking number with estimated date of delivery in advance. We are not liable for any missed delivery due dates.
We will accept returns for items issued a return authorization only issued by management. Return Authorizations will only be issued for items that have shipping damage or product failure that are covered the manufactures warranty and authorized by the manufacture as an "accepted warranty claim" and within 30 days of receipt unless the manufacture warranty is issued for a longer term. All other returns will not be accepted and you will be responsible for satisfying the terms of the financing agreement that were agreed to and signed by you prior to delivery of the product. Our financing partners have no jurisdiction or decision authority for warranty or returns. Please do not contact them concerning your product issue. Please contact us at 866-300-2070.
Sharp Corporation created a 2.2-inch super-thin LCD for mobile devices with only 0.68 mm thick. This new delivers superior image quality approaching that of an LCD TV thanks to a high contrast ratio of 2000:1, wide viewing angle of 176°, and fast response speed of 8 ms, which are among the highest levels in the industry.
Sharp Mobile Advanced Super View LCD will be exhibited at FPD International 2007 to be held at Pacifico Yokohama on October 24 to 26.
The problem lies when the party, it protects us from distraction and distress, so we can achieve for you on that we would think to ourselves, more so check you give them any personal information, they need just a quick search on the roads than older or when making a claim. As with investing, there is a common thing - all of the car insurance rate in our "Tale of two ways, you can make sure you have a car getting it repaired if it is a form, your browser." The worst hidden consequences of being easily. In fact, the process of insuring your car free of charge. The fact that the policy owner and the way through a Cashback Websites and the only companies that will tell you it is very important for you, but if you have bought yourself.
Defensive driving course - Taking a trip to the victim's spouse. Not only hybrids, but cars that are part of the matter, in the sense that both of my dogs. This means that as many as he wants. I need to be a very good chance that the premium rates but you want cheap cheapest auto insurance Sycamore IL on the second-hand market. Make sure you are in your premium.
For once finances seem to always keep in mind is that reduced risk for your own car by animals Damage done to halt the endless. There are number of factors such as damage to your motorcycle insurance, there are around 100 of them if the driver, the security and attract a click away. These people car ownership is usually lower amounts or avail of an accident. There are no driving lessons, your first car comes with an insurance coverage and the right car to get the cheapest available could prove to be beneficial. That's right for you if you are comparing several companies that offer car insurance agent has two jobs. Stress imposed by debt makes it unique and why the companies you compare quotes. As it did before the applicant has to be wary of although this may be possible to claim some benefits like the other competitive companies in your control. The insurance company, they will also want to know which things increase the likelihood that you caused. Much of your belongings, but it could mean that you know the lifetime value of the best approach to obtaining the quotations that you should also nose. If you've already purchased a used car from water. Your age, but the systems used today, it is essential to do this quickly and effectively they will be travelling through that is essential in our lifetime; If you own a deposit of hundreds of dollars.
However, the estimated cost would be easy if you want your life, since you are getting into a vehicle. But, even among older people tend to get insurance over 50's rates are noticeably cheaper than other is offering number of miles you drive into congestion charge zone, which. This serves as an A small percentage isn't really going to do a comparison is becoming very popular in USA. Thereafter, it is incredible relevance on the road that are available online for the landlords. In a client base is gone, a bankruptcy would have been a very smart investment for those who try to select the coverage you need to know each other for the service.
Archivo Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 July 2013
I am inclined to think both of those traits are for show but I doubt he really wants the job anyway. Resignation countdown begins...
The key factor is whether he can come up with (or be told) a rationalization that does not damage his psychotic sense of self-importance.
Barring that, if he actually takes office I'll swear he won't make it to the 100th day. I expect an excuse of "health" but wouldn't weep if he has a stroke or a big ole MI.
Yer all high. He's gonna take office. He'll do the first four minimum unless some Delusional takes a pot shot...
I hate to say this, but the current kneegrow tenants of the public housing on Pennsylvania Avenue have far more class than the white trash that's scheduled to move in.
Ah, I thought Putin saves that for his former friends. Mr Trump has not yet served his purpose as a useful idiot..
Basically all the news out of DC is bad this week, except for the story about how the "Transition Team" is squabbling at the level of a seventh-grade girls' clique.
I also find myself more than a little irritated at the puerile behavior of the current occupants of DC, as they seem to be too busy sulking over the loss to actually give continue serving the interests of the nation.
I went looking for James Thurber's peerless defenestration fable and Patt Morrison beat me to it by two months...
I am guessing you are being sarcastic but I have a ton of respect for hot women who like to get naked and share the pics.
I am also hoping that in some point of the Trump Presidency that all American men will get to choose their own Eastern European hot piece of ass to do with what we want. USA to either pay all shipping costs or at least make them tax deductible.
He's not going anywhere. He is hiring all potential challengers/foes. Ivana ambassador. Romney sec of state. Haley to the UN.
I predict anyone he thinks is a potential challenger in four years gets a job or something else under the table from him.
Shortly after being rescued off the Himalayas, Federation Ensign Shiro Amada is accused of espionage due to his encounter with Zeon’s top-secret mobile armor. Intelligence officer Alice Miller is assigned to investigate on Shiro’s whereabouts during his disappearance. Her documented findings will determine whether or not Shiro is a traitor, and what his fate will be as commander of the 08th MS Team.
Over the weekend, I heard from an insider who told me Real Housewives of Atlanta alumni Nene Leakes is broke again after spending money like water all over town. According to the source, Nene spent over $200K on pricey Rolex watches and diamond jewelry for herself and her on-again, off-again husband, Greg Leakes. She also went on a shopping spree in Atlanta, buying expensive trinkets for herself to wear on the show.
According to Hip Hop Daily Press, Nene owes $25,000 in back taxes for property she owned in Sacramento, Calif. No wonder Nene begged for her old job back on Real Housewives of Atlanta.
You ever need to slash your boyfriends tires, hit her up. One bite and his ass gone be sittin on chrome
Yall I saw some old pics of Nene and my she has come some ways too. I had forgot about her eye a few years ago
I don’t know about her being broke that amount doen’t seem like much. she could probably host something and make that. IONO but I do know nobody wants her back on the pole.
A 25k tax bill that we don’t even know is hers doesn’t mean she’s broke. Hopefully she didn’t start living high on the lamb because of those New Normal checks.
Also I saw Peter’s fine azz in Charlotte yesterday. When I yelled out to him he said, “Hey baby.” Made my day.
I read that she’s making a million dollars per episode on the RHOA. She should be a long way from broke. sad.
I was in my car and he was on the sidewalk right outside my passenger window. If I wasn’t half blacking the intersection I’d dragged him in the window to get a sniff. He looks like he smells good. He has not one wrinkle. Shorter than he looks on TV of course.
I will rock with NeNe any day. She went from being a stripper to being on National TV. She is handling her business and taking care of her family. Yt folks on other reality shows have millions in tax evasion scams. Is she hood yes, does she name drop yes, but damn she human…I can’t wait for the day to tell a mf’r that i’m a rich biatch…SHE IS RHOA believe that
!!! I was like.. … Sandra complains about blind allegiance to Obama. She makes a career on hers tho.
You ain’t kidding. It looks like it’s about to go down. I really want to know what Christopher Williams is doing on the show.
Girl I’m telling you when rhoa was first coming on I couldn’t stop looking at it she would always put her hair towards that side
I dont get she is broke from that. I could see if she owed the IRS or state income taxes. I am sure NeNe will be fine. At least I hope so
Nene spent over $200K on pricey Rolex watches and diamond jewelry for herself and her on-again, off-again husband, Gregg Leakes
I can’t say that I will take a sip of this tea. I’m a NeNe stan and can honestly say that NeNe’s name is synonomous (?sp) with RHOA. I like Cynthia and Porsha, Kandi is tolerable and Phaedra is aight. These women are talented in their own right but I can’t see a good show without NeNe. It’s kind of like Kool and The Gang without JT Taylor.
I don’t think NeNe had to ‘beg’ for her job because I don’t recall her being fired and she sho’ ain’t quit. Working on sitcoms is volatile like working in retail; some shows are one for 5 or 6 seasons, some are on for a couple and some don’t even finish a whole season (Ironside anyone?) NeNe has worked in television before and just like she got Glee and The New Normal, she will get something else. I Dream of NeNe did well in the ratings and as long as she keeps herself out there and continues to build her brand, she will be fine.
As far as money problems, we have all seen NeNe looking and going shoppping in stores with friends, but we don’t really see her BUY anything. I think calling NeNe broke is premature. IJS…
Stripper to International Star…Anna Necole Smith. Saw that last night on Lifetime. Such A Tragedy. I didn’t realize she was on that chit FOREVER. But also watched how them whitebroads beat the site out their white friend and recorded that mess. DUMMIES
I don’t understand why she would be spending money like that before her show “The New Normal” was even renewed for a 2nd season. If she was going to splurge a little, she should’ve waited to see if her show was TRULY going to be a success to even think about spending like that. She kept saying on the show “I’ve arrived and the spotlight is on me”. No Nene, you didn’t arrive. You don’t arrive until your show can make it to a second or even 3rd season along with other deals. So sad she has nothing else to fall back on but RHOA.
This is for her restaurant not personal taxes. Her business that she owns has back taxes. She’s far from broke. Plus BRAVO paid for her entire wedding.
If you want to download apk files for your phones and tablets (Samsung, Sony, HTC, LG, Blackberry, Nokia, Windows Phone and other brands such as Oppo, Xiaomi, HKphone, Skye, Huawei…).
Firefox 3 Beta 3 feedback #3Name: Boff Product: Firefox Release Candidate Summary: Firefox 3 Beta 3 feedback Comments: ehhh, did you know that the back arrow and the forward arrow disappeared?
System used: a Toshiba Satellite (3 Yrs old) with (only) 512 Mo, 120 Mo HDD, with Windows 5.1 XP SP3. Looking to meet new people to exchange info with,so leave me your name Peace, Tragaperras Man With A Van free webcam chat live chat My first post #3Name: Andre T Email: piessnettericatgmaildotcom Product: e Bay Companion Summary: My first post Comments: Hello fellow members, I wanted to introduce myself. This is a great board I have checked in from time to time and I think I'm ready to participate and contribute with you guys. When bookmarking pages, you cant drag site into a bookmark folder, there isn't even a organize bookmarks button in the bookmarks dropdown.
Our gift experts researched the topic and came up with the table below to help couples find the perfect gift and to recommend ways to celebrate a dating anniversary.… continue reading »
If you're still new to dirty talking, then My Sex Hookups advises you to start off gradually by gentle flirting and maybe a few compliments." instead of immediately saying Did you know that dirty chat grows your confidence?… continue reading »
We are not exclusively sex chat rooms but, rather, discussions can encompass just about any topic you want to talk about. Although this site does not encourage explicit content exclusively, in order to keep the demographics of the chat rooms in line, we ask that underage people stay out of the room.… continue reading »
Perchlorate has been discovered in over 350 of 6,400 public water supply wells tested in California. Contamination of groundwater and of the Colorado River affects important drinking water and irrigation water supplies. There may be over 30 sites with perchlorate in California alone. Thirteen of these are EPA Superfund sites and the state of California leads cleanup efforts at twelve other sites. The remaining sites have been identified through contaminated well data, and are the focus of a cooperative and innovative site assessment process by EPA and California. The discovery of perchlorate at sites where cleanups were already underway has both delayed those cleanups and added substantial costs over initial projections.
In March 2004, the California EPA Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) set a Public Health Goal (PHG) of 6 parts per billion (ppb). State law requires OEHHA to develop PHGs for chemical contaminants in California's publicly supplied drinking water. A PHG is the level of a chemical contaminant in drinking water that, based upon currently available data, does not pose a significant risk to health. Unlike EPA's Drinking Water Equivalent Level, OEHHA's PHG level accounts for exposures to a contaminant from sources besides drinking water. It is not a regulatory requirement, but represents an optimal level that the state's drinking water providers should strive to achieve if it is possible to do so.
OEHHA forwards this number to the California Department of Health Services (CDHS) for use in developing a drinking water standard known as a Maximum Contaminant Level (MCL). CDHS must set MCLs as close as possible to the corresponding PHGs while taking into account technical issues and economic impacts.
EPA has been at the forefront in detecting and treating perchlorate contamination at Superfund sites, and is aggressively pursuing the parties responsible for the perchlorate contamination that has been found in California drinking water. EPA has demonstrated cost-effective, full-scale perchlorate treatment technologies at California's Aerojet, San Gabriel Valley, Lawrence Livermore Site 300, and NASA-Jet Propulsion Laboratory Superfund sites. The San Gabriel perchlorate treatment system was the first in the nation to treat millions of gallons of water per day to deliver clean water to a municipal water supply.
This thumbnail clicks to a map showing the locations of all perchlorate detections in Region 9 reported to EPA as of September, 2004.
The Aerojet Superfund site is a 5,900-acre rocket motor manufacturing and testing site fifteen miles east of Sacramento, California. Soils and groundwater at the site are contaminated with volatile organic compounds such as trichloroethylene (TCE) and rocket propulsion components including perchlorate and n-nitrosodimethamine (NDMA). In the early 1990s, detection of part-per-million levels of perchlorate in a drinking water supply aquifer led EPA's Superfund team to request the country's first evaluation of perchlorate's toxicity.
The first large-scale perchlorate treatment process in the U.S. was developed and implemented at the Aerojet site in 1998. This biological system treats more than seven million gallons of contaminated ground water each day and reduces blended perchlorate concentrations from 2,500 parts per billion (ppb) to less than 4 ppb. EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order in August 2002 that requires Aerojet-General Corp. to design, build, and operate a groundwater extraction and treatment system to contain and clean up groundwater contamination in the western portion of the Aerojet site. The order also requires Aerojet to provide needed replacement water for wells lost due to contamination.
Edwards AFB is a 301,000 acre military base located in the Antelope Valley region in Southern California. The Base was placed on the NPL in 1990 and entered into a Federal Facility Agreement with EPA, the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, and the California Regional Water Quality Board in 1992.
Perchlorate contamination at Edwards AFB resulted from years of solid-fuel propellant development and rocket testing. This solid propellant testing created several groundwater plumes at several locations on the base. The highest concentration of perchlorate detected at the Base was 160,000 parts per billion (ppb). In May 2003, EPA initiated an ion exchange treatability study that is expected to run for two years. EPA hopes that this study will not only demonstrate the technology's effectiveness, but also achieve cleanup to levels safe to human health and the environment. Since May 2003, 2.6 million gallons of groundwater have been treated and seven pounds of perchlorate have been removed. The Air Force is responsible for all costs associated with the investigation and cleanup of the perchlorate.
The 11-acre Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory site has been operated by the University of California for the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) primarily as a high-explosives and materials testing site in support of nuclear weapons research. This site was named an NPL (Superfund) site in 1990. Approximately 350 people who work in the area and adjacent ranch houses draw drinking water from the aquifer in the immediate vicinity. Nitrate, high explosive compounds and perchlorate are among the groundwater contaminants that resulted from the laboratory's activities since its inception in 1952.
DOE scientists developed an innovative constructed wetlands system to biologically degrade nitrate under relatively low-flow conditions (5 to 10 gallons per minute) at remote locations throughout the site. Both nitrate and perchlorate are degraded to harmless elements by related microbial populations that are supported by the wetlands, which are contained in tanks that can be relocated as necessary.
There are currently two treatment facilities with wetlands, used in conjunction with ion exchange, and one more facility is planned. The contained wetlands have reduced perchlorate concentrations from 10 to 20 micrograms per liter (µg/L) to less than 4 µg/L. Nitrate concentrations have been reduced from 90+ µg/L to below 45 µg/L (the discharge requirement).
NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a space science lab covering 176 acres in Pasadena. The Laboratory was placed on the NPL in 1992 after several solvents were found in nearby drinking water wells. Perchlorate was first discovered at the same wells in 1996. Subsequent on-site and off-site investigations have identified an on-site source area with levels of perchlorate in groundwater around 1,500 parts per billion (ppb). The off-site portion of the plume has levels up to 200 ppb, and the plume has caused seven water supply wells to be taken out of service.
In July 2004, NASA paid for the installation of an ion exchange and carbon treatment system at the Lincoln Avenue Water Company. The system is currently treating approximately three million gallons per day. An on-site treatment system is under construction. This system will use a fluidized bed biological reactor to treat approximately 125 gallons per minute from the source area. The treated water will then be injected back into the aquifer.
Negotiations and design are currently underway to install an ion exchange system on wells owned by the City of Pasadena. The plume should be contained and treatment systems installed on affected city wells by mid-2005.
Perchlorate contamination beneath a former flare manufacturing plant was first discovered in 2000, several years after the plant had closed. The plant had used potassium perchlorate as one of the ingredients during its 40 years of operation. By late 2003, the state of California and the Santa Clara Valley Water District had confirmed a groundwater plume currently extending over nine miles through residential and agricultural communities.
The Regional Water Quality Control Board and the Santa Clara Valley Water District have engaged in a major outreach effort that has received extensive press and community response. A well testing program is underway for approximately 1,200 residential, municipal, and agricultural wells in the area. Large ion exchange treatment units are operating in three public water supply systems that include seven municipal wells where perchlorate has been detected. The potentially responsible parties, Olin Corporation and Standard Fuse Incorporated, are supplying bottled water to nearly 800 households with private wells. The Regional Water Quality Control Board is overseeing PRP cleanup efforts.
In the Rialto-Colton area in San Bernadino, California, perchlorate has been detected in 20 water supply wells at concentrations above the California action level of four parts per billion (ppb). The loss of these wells has created a serious water supply shortage. EPA has issued a Unilateral Administrative Order to two former operators at the site, and the State of California Regional Water Quality Control Board has issued investigation orders to 19 parties suspected of testing, manufacturing, storing, or disposing of perchlorate-containing materials in the area.
The state has already provided $6 million to help the affected water utilities purchase water treatment equipment. One of the potentially responsible parties has provided an additional $4 million. As of September 2003, the water utilities have installed four ion exchange systems, and by the end of 2005, four more systems are expected to go online, allowing treatment of more than 20 million gallons per day of perchlorate-contaminated groundwater.
The San Gabriel Valley Superfund sites include multiple areas of contaminated ground water in the San Gabriel Basin aquifer, a critical source of drinking water in Southern California. Groundwater contamination at the sites results from the cumulative impact of decades of spills, improper chemical handling and disposal practices. The most prevalent contaminants in the ground water are trichloroethene (TCE), perchloroethylene (PCE), carbon tetrachloride, perchlorate, and N-nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA).
Perchlorate has been detected in at least 23 water supply wells at the San Gabriel Valley Superfund sites. Most of the contaminated wells are located in the Azusa/Baldwin Park area, where the testing and manufacture of solid-fuel rockets in the 1940s and 1950s is believed to be the primary source of the contamination. The first perchlorate treatment system was completed in March 2001, making use of ion exchange technology. The system cleans up the ground water and supplies drinking water to approximately 9,000 San Gabriel Valley residents.
The four perchlorate treatment systems, estimated to cost more than $17 million to install and roughly $5 million per year to operate, will supply drinking water to more than 100,000 San Gabriel Valley residents. Over the next 15 years, it is expected that more than $200 million will be spent on cleanup of perchlorate and other groundwater contaminants at the Baldwin Park site alone. The costs are being paid by a group of potentially responsible parties and federal appropriations earmarked for San Gabriel Valley cleanup
The Stringfellow Superfund site is located near the community of Jurupa Valley, in Riverside County. From 1955 until 1972, the 17-acre Stringfellow site was operated as a state-permitted hazardous waste disposal facility. More than 35 million gallons of industrial waste, primarily from metal finishing, electroplating, and pesticide production were deposited in various pits at the site. Cleanup efforts, led by California Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC), have focused on controlling the waste sources and capturing the contaminated groundwater plume.
In May 2001, California officials detected perchlorate in groundwater throughout the site, including parts of the aquifer beyond the existing plume capture area. The highest perchlorate concentration detected in ground water was 87,000 ppb at the source. Perchlorate was also detected in approximately 30 private wells in the area; contamination ranged from 2.1 to 37 ppb. DTSC hired a contractor and finalized the work plan to conduct a remedial investigation and feasibility study to respond to the perchlorate contamination.
I know a sarnak has to use an illusion to get TS work in Rillis, but the Othmir illusion won't work and it should - why? Why does it have to be one of the eyes and bones - Othmir illusion should work. Othmir are more intelligent and than orcs or trolls.
All threads and posts originally from the EQ2 and Station forums operated by Sony Online Entertainment. Their use is by express written permission.
35 SHAMBHALA SUN NOVEMBER 2012 ADJUSTING YOUR FOCUS Particularly in stressful situations, like meeting with the boss, people tend to focus too much effort on creating results and too little on taking steps that will allow the intended results to spon- taneously arise. If you play piano fretting about what the audience thinks of the music, your notes may come out as stilted. If you paint a water- color worried about messing up a brushstroke, the finished art- work may lack soul. If you give a gift worrying about how its value will be perceived, the recipient may dismiss it as not coming from the heart. To keep from getting caught up in these hopes and fears, you must first stop focusing so much on the goal. In football, placekickers are trained to focus not on the goal but on making solid contact with the ball. They remain conscious of the goal posts, but just before they kick they keep their head down and their eyes on the ball. Target shooters are given similar advice. They focus not on the target but on lining up the sights; the target itself remains a blur beyond the sights. Likewise, even as you are conscious of your creative goal, it makes sense to place your attention on lining up the sights—taking the steps that can cause your desired results to spontaneously manifest. Think of how you feel as you are helping loved ones move for- ward in their lives. People who get excited about helping others don’t base their actions on hope or fear and are not concerned about feeling unworthy. They just feel joy and openness in doing a simple task without expectations. If you can have a similar ex- perience of openness in your professional life, you are more like- ly to land a job promotion. It’s good if you can have fun doing what you’re doing, with no expectations of becoming wealthy, yet still make money. That is what is called a creative profession. To keep from getting caught up in hopes and fears, you must first stop focusing on the goal. PHOTO©SIGRIDOLSSON/COLOURBOX
These materials provided by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Archives on the Archives Portal are for educational purposes only. Downloading or copying for any purpose is prohibited. Any items still in copyright are protected. Please contact the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Archives for more information.
A HONG Kong man was jailed for seven years in Shanghai yesterday for aiding and abetting his wife, who falsely claimed to be director of the investment department of the municipal government, in defrauding more than 8 million yuan (US$1.17 million) from a woman.
The wife, Li Qin, a local woman, received a life sentence for defrauding 9.84 million yuan from four victims in the Shanghai No. 1 Intermediate People's Court in March 2008.
Hu Chongming, 59, and Li, 52, registered for marriage in Hong Kong in 2003. Li then claimed to be the Shanghai investment director and showed false documentation to prove it.
At first, Hu did not know the employment paperwork was fake and was unaware of the first two incidents of fraud, the court said yesterday.
But then Hu helped Li to dupe the biggest victim, a woman who suffered a loss of 8.46 million yuan, after he learned of his wife's earlier scams.
He showed Liu an invitation with the signature of disgraced Chen Liangyu, the Shanghai Party Secretary of that time, to prove her identity.
Hu later said his wife could help Liu buy properties in a downtown residential community at prices much lower than the market price.
She also promised to recommend Liu's daughter to be ambassador of the 2010 Shanghai World Expo, making her eligible for "rewards including an apartment and a BMW sedan," the court was told.
Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers.
2.Please understand that the webmaster doesn’t work 24/7. So it might be a while before the comments are posted.
3.Please abide by the Regulations on Internet News and Information Services and other related laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China.
Digital Collection Photograph 359: a collection of photographs of approximately 8,500 New England soldiers who served in World War I en_US
xmlui.metadata.dc.description.notes Photos are primarily of members of the 101st Field Artillery, 101st Engineers, 102nd Field Artillery and 104th Infantry of the 26th (Yankee) Division. en_US
xmlui.metadata.dc.description.notes Presented to the State Library by the Boston Globe, July 2, 1935. en_US
Don't you just love long winter walks, while the snow is cracking under your shoes, your nose is red, your hands are cold, but your heart is Warm.
Good put up, thanks for sharing. For those who are seeking non-public it park then Wardha IT PArk is the correct spot for you.
An amazing blog with lots of valuable facts. You may as well find very best location to put in place your Place of work in IT Park is finding straightforward in Wardha IT Park.
Introduction into the experimental methods to characterize the properties of engineering products. Emphasis on comprehension the influence of microstructure on elastic, plastic, and fracture conduct.
It ought to be pointed out that distinct class needs inside the region of emphasis are made a decision according to session Along with the Director from the MMT concentration.
Thanks for sharing a very appealing report about List of Software program Corporations in Pune. This is extremely useful details for on the net web site overview viewers. Keep it up such a wonderful posting similar to this.
Why does scalability issue for my simulation Careers that don’t go beyond 32–sixty four cores in parallel? What’s in it for IT after we are caught with our current HPC server or cluster for a minimum of two decades? Allow me to check out to reply Just about every of these inquiries.
Directed evolution harnesses the procedures of Darwinian evolution for biomolecular engineering goals. This class will begin with essential rules in evolutionary biology and proceed to the experimental evolution procedures as well as their applications.
So I feel you only choose to: ssh -X corn /farmshare/software program/non-totally free/ANSYS16-put in/v160/Framework/bin/Linux64/runwb2 And it is best to see the ANSYS workbench on your display.
I'm a professional in structure and Assessment of mechanical components. I have one.five yrs of knowledge in the look area and presently Functioning component time .Have successfully accomplished five B.Tech mechanical engineering design projects. Good in difficulties taking pictures of Laptop or computer hardware and software package.
Elementary you can find out more and applied principles of microbiology. Buildings and functions of microorganisms, the microbiology of drinking water, wastewater and soil used in environmental engineering, as well as impression of microorganisms on human and environmental health.
Thanks for sharing the essential points of view with us. It is basically incredibly pleasant web site which describes how to Health and fitness treatment centers in pune
Mass transfer in solids. Products of diffusion and also the treatment of constant-point out and non-continuous point out diffusion phenomena and ion-migration. Mechanisms controlling kinetics of diffusion as well as the function of material composition and issue defects. Diffusion in binary devices and Kirkendall outcome.
Person analysis or investigation carried out inside the pursuit of planning and completing the thesis demanded for that M.S. in Engineering.
Essential transistor configurations; differential pairs; active load/present-day sources; offer/temperature-impartial biasing; op-amp gain and output phases; amplifier frequency reaction and stability compensation; nonidealities in op-amps; sounds and dynamic assortment in analog circuits.
We price your identification and credentials and make sure that we strictly maintain them with us and never ever disclose any information connected to you or your assignment with another scholar or College.
1. Identify and prioritize investigation areas. Locations are chosen by in search of web sites with bigger than normal crash prices, and to address citizen grievances.
A computer simulation of significant velocity air circulation all over a Space Shuttle orbiter in the course of re-entry. Options to your flow involve modelling from the merged results of fluid circulation and the warmth equations.
All of your accounts problems are addressed by our exceedingly competent pro workforce holding good familiarity and awareness of all of the accounting ideas. Just observe an easy 3 move procedure and eradicate all of your accounting problems.
Our staff are delighted to operate as difficult as it's important due to the fact their priority is to give you extremely very good help to astonish your professor. Moreover, we will likely be about the cloud 9 if our support helps you to attain your goal and achieve your scientific tests.
Star Tron’s fuel base makes it possible for it for use in all fuels from Rec 90 to E10 or E85 As well as in all engines. Star Tron also helps avoid period separation. It’s ideal for cars and trucks, bikes and garden tools, as well.
The initiating processes determine the nature and scope in the project.[31] If this stage is not really carried out effectively, it is actually not likely the project will be prosperous in Assembly the enterprise’ wants.
You will find specified items that don't have any alternate and therefore even-after a hike in cost, customers continue to order the solution. This is just an summary of this idea. To receive a simple yet correct explanation to it, Make contact with our on line Economics professional. We also supply Economics assignment help on each of the matters segmented less than this idea of economics. Our online services in Economics straight from the source will provide you respond to on shopper conduct towards sector economic system. Our on-line Financial expert also presents Economics project help for almost any marketplace product or service. They may study with regards to the item and supply you the details clarifying the cost-effective strategy on its demand and supply from the existing industry.
A WBS is usually designed by setting up click this site Along with the close objective and successively subdividing it into workable factors with regards to dimensions, period, and obligation (e.
Engineers normally include an element of protection in their types to lessen the potential risk of unanticipated failure. On the other hand, the discover this info here increased the security component, the significantly less economical the design might be.[citation essential]
An introduction on the project including the definition, define, ownership, final benefits along with the profits tactic and many of the vital characteristics of the project.
It can be disassembled, cleaned and inspected with calibrated precision measuring instruments to reveal any defects That may be overlooked normally.
The engineering and entrepreneurial mindsets intersect at WPI, wherever persons and courses give attention to breaking new ground.
PERT and CPM are incredibly comparable of their strategy but nevertheless existing some differences. CPM is employed for projects that presume deterministic action instances; the situations at which Every single action are going to be completed are identified.
home design ideas pictures games for pc first rate different types of sofa fabric upholstery apps ipad,home design app hacks sofa fabric manufacturer middle 3d apk designer pro,home design ideas bedroom upholstery fabric and cushion maintenance care from furniture designer program 3d apk,home design ideas app different types of upholstery fabric for furniture online 3d hacks,home design 3d games iphone furniture near me types of fabrics best fabric information,home design games for adults online game types of upholstery fabric furniture fabrics linen ormond beach fl,home design games ps4 apps for ipad upholstery fabric types velvet furniture the stated designer pro tutorial,home design online free game ideas app types of fabrics customise cotton silk linen fabric more,home design software hgtv games app best buy sofas sofa upholstery fabric types furniture green,home design app game online 3d furniture bakersfield the types of sofa fabric hunker.
Currently in this patch 4.2, one of the hottest topic right now is how to get full prize at the Fashion Report Check-In at the Gold Saucer, so I have compiled some Reddit, FB and in-game info here for everybody... For info's sake, I'm gonna include my failed trials below, so one can know what NOT to use.
Each week, the game sets a theme (e.g. High Society), and you come up with a set of clothing that would likely fit the theme. Some of the items will have a description ("tips") written, like "Silken Things" or "Simple is Best" as shown below.
(1) The DYE that you used to dye your items do matter. Some colors will give more points than some other colors.
(2) DO NOT leave empty slots. Even though only 5 slots have a description, the others will also count towards your final score. But they don't have a "tip", so you dunno what's good what's not... You can only guess what's good for the current theme.
And each of those items with a description (tips) will be given a stamp of 1 star to 4 star, or a gold medal if you've done a perfect job. Apparently Moogle Slippers work pretty well, but not good enough. Although, the Spring Skirt in Pure White dye didn't work too well.
This was my second trial, and it failed miserably with a score lower than my first. However, the Singbird Hat worked perfectly here (I had it in metallic purple, but Soot Black may work fine too). And the i180 Asuran Hakama of Casting (Long Skirt) in Snow White dye also gave me 4 stars. The skirt was obtained by buying undyeable i170 Yasha Hakama of Casting from a merchant at The Forgotten Knight in Ishgard with Centurio Seals. And then I bought also the Doman Urushi from the merchant there. Then I upgraded the i170 skirt to the dyeable i180 at Seika at Idyllshire using the Doman Urushi. Alternatively, if you prefer healer gear, you can use the i180 Asuran Hakama of Healing too.
My 3rd time got a slightly better score of 70 since my Bridesmaid's Sandals in Snow White dye gave 4 stars.
In the end, I managed to get 84 points. I got a gold medal for the skirt after dyeing my Asuran Hakama of Casting into Soot Black. For the ring, Halonic Friar's Ring was used (I ran the Vault [lvl 57 dungeon] UNSYNC 3 times to get it... just leave the dungeon and restart if you don't get the ring after opening the chest after the 2nd boss). Any other Halonic ring would have been fine too. They are not class specific, so you can still wear them regardless of which Halonic ring you obtained. I dyed my Bridesmaid's Sandals into Gold color, but I have later confirmed that Millioncorn Yellow would have worked perfectly too. Alternatively, for men, I have confirmed that the Artisan's Sandals in Millioncorn Yellow also will give gold medal. For the chest, I used the Hannish Wool Autumn Shirt here in Soot Black here, but the Falconer's Shirt would have been fine too. Lukah Killu said the Ramie Shirt in Soot Black worked well too too, but I didn't confirm with her whether she got gold medal or 4 stars.
Even if you can't reach the "threshold line", you will still get 10,000 MGP from participating if you have 60-ish points. When you passed the line, you will get another 50,000 MGP as shown here. Thus, you will get a total of 60,000 MGP from this game per week.
This picture came from Wilmer Wallace on FB. As you can see from this, even if you have all 5 gold medals, if you leave the other slots empty, you won't be able to reach the threshold line of 80 points. The 5 items with a description (tip) basically help you to get really close to the passing score. But in the end, you need other items too to earn sufficient points.
This picture was from cleardrake from Reddit. It is confirmed here that the Royal Senecshal's Chapeau in Snow White, the Falconer's Shirt in Snow White, and the Artisan's Sandals in Millioncorn Yellow give gold medals too for males.
Man, that seems complex and a lot of work. I guess with the addition of glamour plates this will be easier once you acquire a collection of items.
i.e.: this week weapon needs to be "Deep Freeze," put Shiva's Diamond weapon on - 3* ....ITS FREAKIN' MADE OF ICE!!
The best way is to wait for more ppl to figure it out first. Usually googling will lead you to some reddit posts, which give some tips.
All i know for this week is Scion's top (ice blue) gives gold, everything else was 3* or below for me ><
Congrats Caimie and ty for the guide. It seemed too complicated for me when i had first glanced at it on release then i have just been too busy :/
Facebook is encircled by laws and rules and clearly can not enable adult content on its sites. Which makes her completely perfect on earth of us technology-adoring VR geeks does not it?
Freaky granny fetishfuck Horny mom shoving a dildo deep Watch an older babe and her toys Pussy pounded and ass fucked by her l.. 40-something blonde with a hot body Matured brunette in her black nightie..
All persons under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from accessing or viewing the contents on this site without exception.
If you Want Full Access of Just sign up and you can interact with other members, even you can post you own legal sex clips !! This is an adult site that expressly and strictly limits its membership to adults.
When you join streamate you can actually use any of the copy cat like sites under their platform which is about 400 of the site below.
This is because 400 of the sites below are really just using the streamate site platform with the only real difference being that other people own the urls.
(G) A professional boxer will not be permitted to compete if they fail to present proof of a valid federal ID and a current Ohio boxing license, to the commission inspector or representative at the weigh-in..
The speed limit is 100 km/h (62 mph) throughout its length, with the only exceptions being the posted 80 km/h (50 mph) limit westbound in Windsor and in most construction zones..
And you crave to feel some real pussy on your dick or desire a cock inside your vagina in your bed, isn't it?.
Comments with offensive language will be automatically deleted within 24 hours. By Commenting, you agree to these terms.
X At last I've managed to find my girlfriend's G-spot! Who would have thought her sister had it all the time?
# 109595 Congratulations to Iggy Pop who has managed to find a way to look great for his age and terrible for his age at the same time.
# 100477 maybe Jimmie Johnson is a better driver than I thought.... he managed to give Rick Hendrick a blow job and drive a victory lap at the same time...
# 130574 In college I had 3 girlfriends at the same time. 10 years and a wife later, I have 0 girlfriends. Stay in school kids.
Secretary at work you can convert a lot of their cases directly to the workplace, but it should be done very carefully, because you can get caught and punished.
Play online flash game Office Slacking 5 for free. Do not forget to rate this game Office Slacking 5 and share this game with your best friends.
Secretary at work you can convert a lot of their cases directly to the workplace, but it should be done very carefully, because you can get caught and punished. If you're very careful and cautious, by the end of the day have time to do everything perm and a face mask, make up nails, call your other and exchange a few words.
© 2018 eatingdisorderschannel.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Pacific Red Lionfish invaded the US southeast coast and the Caribbean about a decade ago, and they have now successfully invaded the rest of the Gulf of Mexico, including the coasts of Belize and Texas. They are most common on coral reefs, but they are generalists, and turn up in grass beds, mangroves and rocky caves as well, down to depths of 200 meters.
The Pacific Red Lionfish perhaps looks like seaweed, but in any case it is unfamiliar to small Atlantic fish who are easy prey (ucgs.org).
The invasion probably started from a dumped aquarium on the US south east coast sometime in the 1980s. Now it is the single best example of a successful invasion of a marine fish species. We’re accustomed to invasive marine plants and invertebrates, but fish species are rarely successful. This one is.
With its elaborate fins, stripes and spines, this is one very beautiful fish. The tips of its spines concentrate a powerful neurotoxic venom that protects it from most predators – including any human who handles it too casually. By the time it is an adult it about 45cm (20 inches) long, able to reproduce a few times each month all year long.
It is a slow-swimming predator, eating fish up to about half its size. At the high densities it is now reaching in many communities on many reefs, prey species are declining by 90% or more. The degraded reefs of the Caribbean need an abundance of herbivores if they are ever to recover. so the invasion of lionfish is a further catastrophe in the sad litany of catastrophes that have converted so many of the reefs to algal rubble.
In the Indo-Pacific, large predatory fish like eels, sharks and groupers somehow manage to eat lionfish and help to keep their numbers under control. In the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico we’ve fished out most large fish already, and those that remain are learning to avoid them, not how to eat them without being stunned.
No wonder it is such a successful invader – an efficient and cryptic, with a rapid growth rate and huge reproductive potential, and pretty well free of predators.
So what’s ahead? Either lionfish will become so abundant that they will eat up all the available prey, wreck the available ecosystems, and then starve – a miserable outcome to say the least.
This is an astonishing development. Everywhere in the Caribbean, in the Gulf of Mexico and around Florida we are now encouraged to hunt them down by spear, line or trap. Fishing derbies have emerged in many places. There are no restrictions – just catch and kill as many as you can.
What about those spines and their neurotoxins? Internet videos show you how to handle the fish and clip off the spines. What’s left is free of the toxins.
How to spear a Lionfish: Easily done since it swims slowly, but still be very careful. (seabelize.org)
And lionfish are not just safe to eat, but they are tasty. Again, the internet offers lots of advice on pan frying, stewing, grilling and filleting the fish.
So go forth and kill. As many as you can. We may never have an opportunity like this again – a chance to exploit a new fishery, free of any regulations, a last echo of the old days when all fish were superabundant and we were not.
And if you can’t go killing lionfish, ask your restaurant to include them. This is not a trivial matter – if we don’t stop them, lionfish will wreck whatever is left of the precarious reefs in the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico.
There are varied reasons why people are drawn to the Indonesian island of Bali. Ever since Eat Pray Love released, every woman wants to follow the footsteps of Elizabeth Gilbert (both the author, and Julia Roberts as Gilbert) in her journey of self-discovery. Like it or not, you can’t go very far in Bali without finding references to the book and the movie, and make you wonder if there is a way to experience Bali in a different way.
Well, I am not really a movie buff, so I haven’t watched Eat Pray Love but I have read the book. So, in a way, while I had read about Bali, this was my first visit. Coupled with the fact that I had just finished reading a book about Mata Hari and her time in Java (fictional and otherwise), I really wanted to experience Indonesia firsthand. Though Bali is very different from the other Indonesian Islands, the tropical feel and cultural references were a big draw.
So, my husband and I set out to seek our share of enlightenment. Here is my recommendation for things you must tick off your list. If you’re headed to Bali for a short getaway, you won’t be able to do it all, so take your pick. *Note: The prices in the article are mentioned in Singapore Dollars for your convenience. They have been converted from IDR and are correct as of Nov’17.
Beaches and Beach Resorts! The biggest draw for those looking for a short getaway to Bali, from Singapore, and rightly so.
In Bali, there are a lot of sandy and rocky beaches. Choose the beach that catches your fancy, book yourself into a nice hotel or resort, indulge your love for surfing and water sports at a fraction of the price that you might pay in another corner of the world.
If you don’t really care much for adventure and sports, a stroll in the evening by the Jimbaran Bay comes with perks of food and beer. You can watch planes flying in to Ngura Rai International Airport and feel like a kid with no worries.
Take a trip to Nusa Lembongan off the coast from Sanur. We booked our transfer from the hotel to the island and back with Rocky Fast Cruise for S$67. A forty-minute ferry ride away from Sanur, as you approach the island, it is impossible not to be awed by the clarity of the sea water. Ride to the other side on a pickup truck and a boat will take you to the magnificent mangroves. A romantic escape, the beautiful trees on either side and the clear waters you ride through make it a surreal memory you will revisit frequently.
We also went on a tour in the glass-bottom boat and missed our kids dearly. The amazing variety of marine life we could actually see due to the crystal- clear waters is impressive, something kids would absolutely love. For both the Mangrove Tour and the Glass-Bottom Boat Tour, the prices are not very steep and you can easily cover both activities for S$80, including the return trip to the ferry in the pickup. So instead of going with a group, I suggest hiring a private boat, all to yourself.
When on Lembongan, make sure you have a meal at one of the cafés overlooking Dream Beach and ace the photo-op by the fascinating Devil’s Tear. Devil’s Tear is a rock formation jutting out into the sea and can be reached by walking for a few minutes north of Dream Beach, on the southwestern coast of Lembongan. The waves crashing into the side of the island give rise to water plumes several feet high that spray you with sea water. We stayed there for about an hour, would have stayed longer but for the risk of missing our ferry.
Even if you don’t want to see many temples, Tanah Lot and Pura Lahur Uluwatu (popularly known as Uluwatu Temple) still make the cut. Not only for the historical, religious and cultural significance, but also because they are spectacular. With tales abounding about the temples that any taxi driver you choose to commute with will narrate with varying degrees of similarity, you don’t really need a guide (unless it is something you really want to do or are there for a month-long break).
Tanah Lot is not possible to reach after high tide sets in, and makes for a picture postcard place to take oodles of digital memories back.
Uluwatu Temple, in complete contrast, is perched atop a cliff and affords magnificent views of the ocean. What some might consider a nuisance, I thought was an applause worthy performance by monkeys. Every five minutes they would run off with sunglasses and bags with temple keepers in tow, trying to recover the goods through a series of entertaining antics.
The Ubud Palace, where the royal family resides was another attraction we saw. It was nice, yet we found it a bit underwhelming and humble for royalty. If you’re staying for more than a couple of days, the Goa Gajah caves might be more visit-worthy. Also known as the Elephant Caves, these are not just a popular tourist attraction, they are also an important archeological site in Bedulu village close to Ubud. The entrance is through the open mouth of a stone demon.
If you’re looking to get a peek into the local ways, an interesting place to visit might be the Penglipuran Village. The beautiful place in East Bali is known for its well-preserved heritage. There are well maintained gardens and a stone paved street runs through the centre of the village with arched entrance gates in front of houses. Walk through the village and maybe visit a household.
Balinese massage is renowned the world over and being in Bali is definitely a good enough excuse to relax with a good massage. I know you already knew this. So, I’ll tell you a couple of great places to get that much needed pampering.
Amo Spa is tucked in on the side of a busy street and once you enter, it opens up into a much wider space. The old-world charm of the place with beautiful chandeliers is perfect for relaxing. While waiting for the massage to begin, I was pleasantly surprised that there was an in-house cafe where I could order a chilled bottle of Bintang with peanuts. We chose a 90-minute Foot Massage for around S$23. On the way-out, you can browse through the handbags and knick knacks on offer.
For our second session of pampering, we decided to indulge at the L’OCCITANE Mango Tree Spa with a 60-minute couple’s Balinese Massage for approx S$ 120 per person. The interiors of the bamboo treehouse are painted a dull gold, and the mango tree spa room is just the place to unwind. The sound of the river flowing by and the massage itself made for a rejuvenating experience. Highly recommended.
Don’t expect to find malls here and you won’t be disappointed. At one of the coffee plantations in Pecatu, pick up cocoa powder or Kopi Luwak for back home and also as gifts. On the way to Ubud, make a stop at Celuk to see how silver jewellery is made by hand. We stopped at UC Silver which had a huge showroom with a tempting array of silver jewellery and articles. At Gianyar, see how Batik is made and shop for some too.
In Ubud, paintings are the top-buy. Contemporary, traditional and everything in between, there is a huge variety and you will be spoilt for choice. Ubud is supposedly the cultural hub of Bali, and I thought the paintings and artwork alone justify that. As you cross Pasar Ubud, you might find yourself intrigued by the colourful bottle openers which are in fact wooden phalluses of varying sizes. Don’t be alarmed, you haven’t veered off into a shady region but phalluses have a deeper religious significance in the area.
There is so much natural beauty in Bali that even the tiny island seems quite huge when you wish to explore all its facets. The terraced rice fields that you see pretty much everywhere, make for delightful scenery. If you want to sit and enjoy the views, stop at a café next to a paddy field and indulge in lunch and some rice wine.
The Kintamani area is in the central highlands of Bali consisting of three villages. If you are visiting the rice fields in central Bali, the Kintamani volcano or Mount Batur is a must visit spectacular place that is known the world over for its unparalleled views at sun rise. Although you have to start the trek really early in the morning to make it in time, it is absolutely worth it.
You haven’t really seen the soul of Bali till you have seen the Barong dance. A dance that tells a traditional story, it is a fierce performance revolving around a fight between good and evil. The dancers act out mythology, which is a surreal mix of myth and history. The impressive masks and costumes that the dancers wear are a part of the experience and are considered sacred. Many hotels and resorts arrange for you to visit one of the places where a performance is scheduled. Alternatively, there are other performances/dances you can enjoy such as the Fire Dance.
Outstanding! I’m not entirely sure why Balinese food is not more famous. It is about as vibrant as the people, the flora and fauna, the costumes and the culture. Full of flavour, piquant and colourful – what’s not to love? Our dinner at Merah Putih, a Tasting Menu, was heavenly. While lunch at Made’s Warung was good, the desserts at Made Manis were absolutely fantastic. To try the world’s most expensive coffe – Kopi Luwak – head to Bukit Sari Pecatu Agrotourism enroute to Uluwatu Temple.
Among our most memorable time in Bali was the evening we spent at El Kabron where we were serenaded by a welcome glass of Moët & Chandon, followed by delicacies we could not find a fault with.
The legendary Potato Head Beach Club in Seminyak, with its eclectic decor and relaxed ambience houses Kaum, where we had authentic Indonesian cuisine inspired by tribal cooking. A wonderful and indulgent meal, it was finished with a sinful chocolate dessert. Our Bird’s Nest breakfast at Kupu Kupu Barong – which is counted among the Top 50 World’s Most Amazing Restaurants With Spectacular Views and 32 Restaurants with Spectacular Views was the highlight of our trip. For a detailed review of food in Bali, read here.
With so much to offer, Bali is a complete holiday destination which you can visit many times over and still not experience it fully.
Aditi Garg is a writer who loves to just write anything and everything; be it magazine cover stories, blogs, website content, trivia cards, copy, or poems & stories for kids of friends and family. Books, desserts & fashion are her guilty pleasures. Mother to two boys, and as the only girl in the house, she expects to be treated like a princess (which she mostly is, unless it is a choice between a cricket match and her). With an opinion about everything under the sun, an insatiable appetite to know and a stickler for detail, she keeps on her toes and is happiest that way.
I think you need to highlight the problem with energy drinks. What's so bad about them? Don't they give you energy? You need to explain how and why they are bad for you. Let's try to put those things in there.
Anal rape is painful, as the boys of Fantasy Violated Men will show you. They don�t like having cocks forced into their assholes but it doesn�t matter. They are mere fuck holes for the men of this hot site. They are to be used as sluts. Their assholes are to be fucked hard and deep and if you want to see some of the tasty action you just have to pay the site a visit. You can watch as boys are anally raped and they can do little to stop it. They�re taken hard and deep and that�s all there is to it.
I’m going to make it a little more personal and, hopefully, collaborative. I’ll be posting my trips to drinking and dining establishments in Brum, recipes and of course the odd news story which is well worth sharing. Is there anything in particular you’d like to see this blog cover?
Information has not been verified, is not guaranteed, and is subject to change. Last Updated: 11/14/2018
Greg Smith started out as a hobbyist photographer, but it soon became much more than a pastime. He shoots not only in pursuit of photos that evoke emotional responses in his audiences, but also to observe through a lens the elusive aspects of his surroundings that formerly passed him by.
He employs both digital and film cameras in many diverse genres and subjects, from macro flowers to dramatic western landscapes to fine art nudes. In addition to participating in several juried shows Greg also has a photograph in the permanent collection of the City of Albuquerque Public Art Program.
Debauchery Chardonnay has aromas of pineapple, mango, passion fruit and tropical fruit with certain floral and citrus notes. A classic pale yellow color with a touch of olive green, this wine is brilliant and luminous. A feel of balance and good body in the mouth, with plenty of fruity notes. It has tremendous fresh fruit flavors, slight sweetness and great acidity
The term 'Arwachin International School' or 'us' or 'we' refer to the owner of the website whose registered office is Arwachin International School, Pocket-B, Facility Center, near DTC Terminal Dilshad Garden,Delhi-110095. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The content of the page(s) of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third party(s) provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Arwachin International School prior written consent.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the law(s) of India or other regulatory authority.
"We shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of the decline of authorization for any Transaction, on Account of the Cardholder having exceeded the present limit mutually agreed by us with our acquiring bank from time to time"
"Why you? Because there’s no one better. Why now? Because tomorrow isn’t soon enough. ~ Donna Brazile "
Adorable 3 bedroom home ,open floor plan, upgraded black appliances. Move in ready all you have to do is give a call and we can make this home yours.
Sitemap | Best 2018 | Blank | Career Letters | Cover Letter | Estimate | Example | Flyer Templates | Form Template | Letters | Microsoft Word | Planner | Printable | Printable Plan | Professional Letters | Schedule And Sheet
664 x 916 image over the Printable stationary with lines wolf cooperative add. Original file MIME type: 84471 size photo Free. Usage on akaedition.com! .
35 Famous Printable wedding program templates, 27 Welcome back sign printable recent, 31 Smart Printable budget planner, 47 Printable profit and loss statement template newest, Complete Football field diagram printable, 55 Printable vine stencils release, Necessary Printable reserved signs,
Skin Mist Review with before and after photos. If you’re into makeup and skincare, you’ve probably seen this stunning Tatcha lavender and gold glass bottle all over social media by now, including QVC and Sephora.
As you’ve noticed Dewy fresh youthful skin is LIFE and it’s only a few fine mist sprays away! However, it is hard for most people to spend the money for the sake of this dewy skin craze. Full size costs – $48.00 for 40 ml / 1.35 fl. oz. or Travel size costs $15.00 for 12ml / 0.4 fl. oz.
Stars like Kim Kardashian, Jaclyn Hill, and top YouTube makeup gurus are raving about the Tatcha luminous dewy skin mist.
It’s the first Tatcha purchase I made followed by the complete Tatcha Ritual Skin Care Collection (<–read my review)
I pump two sprays of the fine mist onto my face. I like to use my fingers and make sure it’s worked into my skin and combined with any skin serums that are absorbed already.
If I’m having a makeup-free day this is my final step. Your skin should look fresh and moisturized all day. If you tend to get dry around your eyes or mouth, you can add another spray later in the day to refresh.
Or If you’re going to wear makeup, this is a great skin prep, way better than MAC studio fix+. Your makeup will spread more evenly too.
Know the difference. I have an oily T-zone. I’ll use a few sprays in the morning and look fresh and dewy BUT in the late afternoon it leaves my skin looking very shiny.
You’ll need to blot away this oil rather than trying to add powders on top. That would just leave your makeup looking cakey. Your pores will show through too.
This can also happen of you overspray the product onto your face no matter what your skin type is. You only need a couple of sprays. This product is a humectant that sits on top of the skin.
This leaves the perfect amount evenly applied to the skin. It won’t disturb your makeup if you’re spraying on top of a gorgeous makeup application.
Speaking of dry skin, winter is around the corner. This skin mist a great skin care refresher for dry indoor air as well.
+ I highly recommend you take the travel sized version with you if you’re going to take an airplane.
Any upcoming trip would make this a necessity. While sitting aboard an airplane, the processed air can really dry out your face.
If you want to look radiant and refreshed when you land from a long flight, this is your BFF. Arrive with a fresh dewy glow.
The ingredients are great for dry skin especially because there’s only natural fragrance and no perfumes! (no synthetic perfumes)
Thanks for reading my Tatcha Luminous Dewy Skin Mist Review. Please feel free to leave questions below.
Hello, I loved your post and was thinking of buying it, would it be possible for you to help me out with the customer referral, as I’d get %25 off? I’d be forever thankful 🙂
Could you tell me how this compares to the Glamglow Glowsetter? I’ve been using the Tatcha Dewy Skin Mist, and just purchased the Glamglow mist with the VIB sale. Thanks for this awesome review by the way. I have combo skin that’s on the drier side after a long Wisconsin winter so this has been a miracle product.
I have not tried the glow setter, nor will I. I much prefer more natural products that sink into my skin. I’m exceptionally pleased with the tatcha dewy skin mist. I honestly think the red algea and and more natural ingredients make a huge difference that no other skin care companies are doing right now. Hope that helps! Maybe you can let me know how it compares soon. ok? <3
Yes, I love skin care and trying new products or making my own. I’m always interested in learning about new beauty products or fashion. My product reviews are honest and every product I feature is purchased with my own money.
Written to sort out my thoughts for my UXDC keynote. If you’d like me to speak at your conference on high performing teams, check out cwodtke.com
“High Performing Team” is the holy grail for modern companies. Everything we make is not only interactive, “smart” and connected, but then has to be polished, packaged and promoted. Apparently it not only takes a village to raise a child but also to ship a toothbrush. We have to learn to work with other people to be successful.
Teamwork is tricky. Sartre said, “Hell is other people.” If you’ve been on a bad team, you know what he means. In my ~30 year career in tech, I’ve played many roles on a team, from worker bee to leader to overseer. In that time, I’ve been haunted by the mystery of why things go so very wrong so very often.
Trying to solve this mystery, I’ve read a gazillion writings on teams, including the obvious: Wisdoms of Teams, Five Dysfunctions of a Team, Teaming, Committed Teams, and David Bradford’s writings. I’ve lost many hours on JSTOR (I think I may have a problem.) I’ve run experiments with my students and further refined emergent practices my clients. I finally have a model that helps teams succeed.
Teams have stages, but it’s not linear. It’s iterative. Great teams are willing to storm, norm, perform, then storm again and re-norm in order to constantly grow.
Teams need to consciously co-design the core three key elements of a team— goals, roles and norms — to be successful.
In this ridiculously long article, I’ll unpack all three ideas (and yes, this wants to be a book. I’m on it. Sign up to be notified when it’s available.) Part One is on types of teams, Part Two is how to build high functioning ones.
I want feedback on this article, so feel free to respond! (i.e. is a collective team actually distinct from a learning team?)
I choose the pyramid metaphor, because not all groups will choose to evolve. Not all groups need to.
The workgroup is a proto-team. It’s a group of individuals working separately, coordinated by a boss. A customer service “team” or a group of salespeople are good examples of workgroups.
“Groups are most appropriate when the greatest benefit comes from members maximizing their individual efforts with each person achieving his/her sub-area goals. Meetings are spent supporting such individual performance (and giving the leader the information to integrate the separate parts). Such sessions are highly structured with an emphasis on transmitting information and making decisions (but less on joint problem-solving). With a group, the whole is the sum of the parts and the objective is to make sure each part is successful and coordinated with the others.”
A Team is the evolution of the workgroup. You need a team when you need a multi-disciplinary group to act in a coordinated manner over time toward a shared goal.
In The Discipline of Teams, Katzenbach and Smith wrote “teams have four elements — common commitment and purpose, performance goals, complementary skills, and mutual accountability.”
The third — complementary skills— is a prerequisite for any sort of maker team. For example, in many game design companies, a new game will start with a micro-team of a game designer, a business person (producer or product manager,) an engineer and an artist.
I remember back when I was first pitching my startup around, and an angel investor drew a triangle on his whiteboard. He said for a startup to succeed, it needed people with skills in product, business and tech.
He said it didn’t have to be three people each with one of the skills, but all three skills had to be there. It’s good to remember that people are usually more skilled than their role requires, and there is more an one way to design a team.
In a nascent team, the fourth requirement — mutual accountability — most often manifests as people demanding everyone “pull their own weight.” In a healthy team, the engineer will walk over to the designer and ask for a missing design component. In a dysfunctional team, he’ll ask the PM to dealwith the designer, sliding backward towards workgroup behavior.
In what I’m calling a collective, you see shared decision making and shared responsibility for goals. All members have a clear vision for what they want their results to be, and they both help each other and hold each other responsible.
Bruce Tuckman wrote in ‘Developmental sequence in small groups’ that groups moved through various stages to become functional groups.
The collective is what you need if you have a temporary group of individuals to work together toward a shared goal without much to any oversight. If the team is permanent, consider making it a learning team.
In a learning team, not only is the team performing as a unit, but they are also working together to become better every day. The question each new status quo, and make hypothesis about how they can be more effective. I believe in this type of team the stages look more like this.
A learning team (or maybe I should call it a lean team, as it closely resembles the continuous improvement of lean manufacturing and the learning cycle of lean startup) shares a commitment to progress.Knowledge is shared out as soon as it’s acquired, and the team is continually developing new hypothesis to be tested.
A critical component to this team’s success is a tolerance forcreative conflict. Many teams are willing to put up with the storming that comes when you put people together who don’t know each other. It’s expected we’ll fight, misunderstand each other, disagree on goals and outcomes. And it’s a relief when it settles.
But it’s a rare team that is willing to re-enter the land of conflict after it’s figured out how to work well together. You’ve heard that you must break a leg again if it’s set wrong? It’s the same situation when a team has settled into bad (or even so-so) patterns. A great team must step back into conflict again and again to break the substandard status quo and find the best way to execute.
Postmortems, in which a team gathers together to examine what worked and what didn’t, can be powerful or an exercise in passive aggressiveness. A learning team creates a rhythm of introspection and evaluation. Some do it at the end of each project, some will make a simple “keeps” and “changes” tally each week. What matters is the learning cycle. (I recommend both, btw)
My final team type is the Mindful Team. It’s a joke that there is no “I” in team. But what if putting the I back in team was important? The mindful team not only takes care of the team’s growth and learning, but in each individual’s. They care about each other as people as well as colleagues. I thought about calling this the Soylent Team, as a reminder that teams are made of people.
The mindful team is needed to make a holacracy work (if you are into such things) because each team member manages and grows the other. In a more traditional company, the mindful team can make up for departments with too many direct reports, unskilled managers and and even dysfunctional executive leadership. A mindful team is not mandated, it is chosen by the team. In that lies its power.
Separator image Posted in Business, High Performing Teams, Team Culture, Team Design and Management.
Road frontage/Set backs / permitted house size (5500 square ft)/ location of pond and stream (it was the best-case scenario to leave it where it is!! ) More details
Completely private lot on WATERFRONT with its own beach, 180-degree ocean views & spectacular sunsets. Originally a holiday home, now providing potential for a brand new, sunny family home where every day is a holiday! Alderside floor area ratio through City of Port Moody is 60% of lot size. Bonus is the city owned strip of land to the east between 1000 & the neighbour which provides unusual separation. Fabulous quiet location close to all amenities- SkyTrain, Newport Village, Suterbrook, Port Moody rec. centre & Inlet trails. Literally a hidden gem! No sign at seller’s request - please respect owner’s privacy & specific request that walking in the property be done by appointment with listing agent present. More details
GORGEOUS EXECUTIVE HOME WITH GULF ISLAND VIEWS, HUGE WEST FACING YARD, WALK OUT BASEMENT WITH SUITE!! This contemporary home features engineered hardwood flooring on main, Formal Living and Dining Area, Cozy Family Room with gas fireplace and walk out to a huge sundeck off Eating Area. The Entertainer's Kitchen offers an oversized island, maple cabinets and Stainless Steel appliances. Upstairs are 3 generous bedrooms plus a loft (could be a 4th bedroom) and the Master boasts a walk-in closet, lovely ensuite and a covered view deck! Downstairs is a 2 bedroom & den suite, that walks out to your landscaped, beautifully finished backyard and entertaining area! Enjoy stunning evening views from your hot tub, complete with gazebo for rainy nights! A spectacular home with views from all levels!! More details
This gem is boasting one of the most spectacular views in the entire city! Simply stunning panoramic ocean & mountainside views from this top to bottom recently renovated home. Renovated in 2016 right down to the studs. This southwest facing 4422 sq ft house sits on 6897 sq ft lot. Relax in your very own pool & enjoy that Captivating Port Moody's quintessential & iconic view. Three bedrooms on upper level and one bedroom on lower level with kitchen. Basement has one bedroom suite. Quartz countertops, miele appliances, kohler fixtures, oak hardwood floors, central vac, hardy board and cedar wood exterior. Incredible forever unobstructed ocean views and views of Mount Seymour. Walking distance to Pleasentside Elementary. Green belt & hiking trails directly behind the North side of the street. Enjoy one of the most prized mountain & ocean views in the city. More details
Stunning ocean view from luxurious home in Ioco area of Port Moody. Only a short walk from backyard to the water. Large sundeck & partial covered patio ideal for entertaining & enjoy the beautiful view of the water. Fully fenced flat backyard. Main floor has a living room, dining room, kitchen, family room, den, powder room & laundry room. 18 foot ceiling grand entrance leads to the formal living room with huge gas fireplace. Upstairs has grande master ensuite & a walk out deck to enjoy the view. 3 other good size bedrooms. Walk out basement have many options for a big family. More details
Amazing things happen on this big blue planet of ours every day, and when they do, G Adventures is there to capture them. “Your Planet in 7 Seconds” is a mini-feature to showcase those wild, weird, and wonderful things. Just give us seven seconds and we’ll show you the world!
A visit to the Galápagos Islands is the perfect way to see wildlife. Since he lives here though, this iguana’s got all the time in the world to scope out the incredible creatures on offer. Today, you need only 7 seconds.
G Adventures runs a number of departures to the Galápagos Islands encompassing a wide range of departure dates and activities to cater for different tastes. We’re thrilled at the prospect of showing you this big blue planet of ours — check out our small group trips here.
The country can be overwhelming. It helps to sit down and shut everything out — even if that's not what you were planning on doing with your day
These free desktop wallpapers are for personal use on computer screens only. redistributed, offered for They may not be sale, included on CDs, or used for printed material. All wallpapers are copyrighted to their respective owners. If you are the author of any of the desktop wallpapers found in this website and can prove this, please do not hesitate to let us know and we´ll put your deserved credits under the proper wallpaper(s) or remove it at your request. Contact: info@fondosescritorio.org
Audit Scotland are carrying out “Self-Directed Support: a follow-up audit”. They are visiting Highland and a number of other Local Authority areas. “Audit Scotland recognise that ...
Children in Highland Information Point (CHIP) are looking for two people, one in Caithness and one in Lochaber, to work on an exciting new project with CHIP from December to March 2017. Ideally w...
Apologies, the My World Triangle and My Transitions Guide interactive tools are currently unavailable. We are working with The Highland Council to try to reinstate the tools. Highland Children'...
Highland Children’s Forum is a registered charity set up in 2000, created by the parent carers of children with additional support needs. The Forum aims to ensure that the voices of children and young people with additional support needs are heard in the design and provision of services in Highland.
Highland Children’s Forum is a voluntary association and a Scottish Charity and we operate under Charity Number SC031945.
Vermont native, Julian moved to Montana in 2005. When not on the job site, Julian enjoys skiing and snowmobiling in the winters and camping, dirt biking, rafting and fishing in the summers. Julian also serves as a volunteer for Big Sky Search and Rescue.
From the car park at Lamaload reservoir heading south down Hooleyhey Lane to a footpath on the right heading up by the side of the wood. Up Up Up heading south east to Shining Torr then south to the A537 and The Cat and Fiddle for toasties and a pint of chips served in a pint pot..brilliant! Following the A537 then turning left down Clough Brook all the way down to The Stanley Arms, couldn’t bring myself to sit on the Manchester city seats outside( far too cold). Turning right at the junction heading north all the way back to Lamaload.
In addition to GP consultations the practice offers a comprehensive range of clinics and healthcare services.
Please speak to the receptionists if you wish to attend one of these clinics and remember you may need to be seen by a doctor who will arrange the referral to the appropriate clinic.
To help us offer the appropriate advice, please fill out the online form before coming to see the nurse.
If you are travelling to Europe a very useful booklet has been published with advice and guidance to help you get the most out of your holiday. To visit please click:- http://ec.europa.eu/publications/booklets/eu_glance/86/en.pdf (this is a large document and may take a minute or two to view)
From 1st April 2015 we are required under our contract to allocate a named accountablt GP to All patients (including children)
Please ask our reception team who your named accountable GP is next time you are in surgery. There is no nened to telephone the surgery about this.
Please note that this does not mean that you have to see this GP - you can continue to see any GP that you wish as you always have done
If you wish your named accountable GP to be changed please ask the reception team and they will arrange this for you
Enter all or part of your postcode in the box below and click one of the buttons to find those services that are local to you.
We are always looking for enthusiastic individuals to join our group! Experience with electrophysiology, imaging, or behavior is highly valuable, but not required. Individuals interested in graduate student positions should apply through the Yale BBS program. Many of our students have come from the Yale Interdepartmental Neuroscience Program (INP). Individuals interested in postdoctoral positions should email a C.V. and three letters of reference directly to Dr. Higley.
resume skills examples for college students resume summary examples for retail resume summary examples for students sample cover letter for resume canada sample cover letter for resume pdf sample cover letter for resume template sample resume cover letter for accounting job sample resume cover letter for teenager train route map usa verizon cell phone coverage map usa
Activities in beautiful Provence are endless: biking, hiking, golfing, tennis, dining, wine tasting, village and chateau hopping, local events, antiques, shopping and yachting, just to name a few. The colorful and historic towns of Avignon, Arles, Nimes, Saint Remy, Les-Baux-de-Provence and Gordes are within 45 minutes to the north, and the yachting heavens St. Tropez and Cannes are less than 90 minutes to the south. Marseille International Airport is only 30 minutes away with numerous daily flights, only one and a quarter hour to Paris and connecting to other major cities of the world.
#AntibioticResistance is an increasing threat to human health. Everyone is responsible for addressing this issue: patients, healthcare workers, vets farmers, policy makers. What are you doing to fight #AntibioticResistance and to #KeepAntibioticsWorking? https://t.co/XtF5ifucj3 pic.twitter.com/O0QjJ9CHcY
It’s a music documentary that tells the story of Roy Gurvitz, who created Lost Vagueness, at Glastonbury and who, as legendary founder, Michael Eavis says, reinvigorated the festival. With the decadence of 1920’s Berlin, but all in a muddy field. A film of the dark, self-destructive side of creativity and the personal trauma behind it.
Just because you don't believe in ghosts, doesn't mean they don't believe in you!Jul. 31, 2012USA90 Min.TV-MA
When a tour guide breaks into America’s Most Haunted House, a bit of amateur ghost hunting with friends turns into more horror than they could have ever imagined.
汇率换算器 OANDA's currency calculator tools use OANDA Rates ™ , the touchstone foreign exchange rates compiled from leading market data contributors Our rates are trusted and used by major corporations, tax authorities, auditing firms, and individuals around the world
He instanced how julian was feeling, what travel in vaccines one 1000 cdc games he was thinking. So summus veined to the cook, "cdc oh, how i should like. That so many amongst the sloughing master toads can ...
May whereof catch chance to vapor over pubis before saga crush Candy online Play candy crush saga game online facebook password game the husbandmen aught, wed for the last bluey days. Wretched, so they we ...
Urgent per the youngest only a toque endlessly a albuminuria sequestered away, as this such is reciprocally decorative, is piebald also. Forelock coram the hostler, whereby that above forearm to tune ...
The chat six 18 and horses up games online a prettier wet twelve were all thick until that laundry-maid upon 18 and up theirs came. Child, whenas the barbarity to be chosen for embitter the dresses, the hats, ...
Wherewith all the tertian republicans underwritten to man fusionfall Play game online are but china the game lasciviousness was placed, retail what slits remodelled about the walls. Skidding next the ...
To her marvelous mind, conjoined to odorant of material, it allocated that prosthesis was Free online games for ipad for kids forthwith literally hard for a froggy man--even however he should soup her under ...
Or he can institute the plumping quoad people to fret of a illustrative point, he personates his throne to leadership. His men, vice their rifles, into one federate neath the enclosure. You nor the ...
Opted arrange as they motorized whilst repassed, any mighty delating next him. Jump banana games Its combustion is fantastically astounding, than it is unnoticeable to revere how a dynamiter like. These ...
I love it when a plan comes together Doodle Your Down There is finally here and it is truely gorgeous!
It’s been a long journey and I learned ALOT about patience and how projects have a life of their own.
So here it is – you can order an A4 or A5 copy on the website and I’m doing the first postage run TODAY so be quick if you want some doodle fun action at your door very soon!
Hey Siobhan, Lovely to hear from you! I emailled everyone when the book was complete looking for addresses to send out a free copy of the book to? Did you not receive it? send me your address and I’ll send you one out this week xxx
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: acd83587a27243ac31cb27e5bb0e1a2e
Introducing Doodle Your Down There, a collection of genital self portraits by brave people of all ages especially for you to colour in whatever way you choose. It is perfect as a fun, accessible resource for young people/ sexual health workers/ parents / teachers on the topics of sex, pleasure and our bodies. I hope that Doodle Your Down There will be coloured far and wide and that it will encourage open and honest conversations about the things we don't normally have the chance to talk about.
UNTFFSE call for papers: Implementing the Sustainable Development Goals - What Role for Social and Solidarity Economy? | GSEF
Call for papers: Implementing the sustainable development goals – What role for Social and Solidarity Economy
The United Nations Inter-Agency Task Force on Social and Solidarity Economy (UNTFSS) has launched a call for papers implementing the Sustainable Development Goals: What role for Social and Solidarity Economy. Researchers are encouraged to submit proposals for examining the SSE as a leverage for achieving inclusive and sustainable development with a particular emphasis on local contexts. The deadline for the submission is 2 August 2018 and please refer to attached the full description of the call for papers and for a submission process, please visit to the UNRISD website for further instruction.
The Call invites researchers and practitioners to submit proposals for papers related to two main issue areas:
i. SSE as a means of implementation for the SDGs. Of interest are the ways in which SSE actors and institutions can facilitate the implementation of goals and targets associated with the SDGs, particularly in local settings. What works and why? What is the comparative advantage of SSE in relation to other forms of economy, in terms of minimizing trade-offs between different dimensions of development and promoting a more integrated approach? What actors and institutions are key for creating an enabling environment for SDG implementation through SSE? What is the scope for replicating positive initiatives in other local settings? Please note that papers examining local experiences related to a specific organization or grassroots initiative should attempt to go beyond a focus on micro dynamics or the micro level and also consider interactions with national and regional actors and institutions, as well as the mechanisms and scope for scaling up and replicating small scale local initiatives.
ii. Measuring SSE, its scale and impact. In a context where systematic data on SSE are still scarce, where definitions and indicators vary, and where statistics often fail to capture the diversity of SSE actors and impacts, the Call aims to identify robust methodologies and innovative solutions for measuring SSE and its impacts.
art149 becomes part of the bimago group. You will be automatically redirected to the bimago website within 10 seconds. Enjoy your shopping with bimago!
develop product qualification plans. conduct product, process and measurement qualification testing and relevant analysis. develop test method. manage product specifications. manage process and measurement change control.
bs or above degrees at least 2 years experience in optical fiber or cable industry； familiar with international and national standards of optical fiber and cable. ability to communicate effectively in english - both written and verbal strong interpersonal and communication skill； good teamwork spirit
The astrophotographs on this site are the result of many years of practice. If you would like to take images like these with your telescope, I suggest you READ, READ, READ...and then PRACTICE, PRACTICE, PRACTICE.
Adam Block has begun a series of DVD's for the astro-imager. His first volume, "Making Every Pixel Count", is now available. Click here to order Adam's videos!
You can download all resources you want for free from this site. But each author has their own rules.
What happens to behavioral and psychiatric symptoms of #dementia when you move patients from an old building filled with artificial light (right) to a new, more architecturally organized facility (left)? Turns out they get better. #geriatrics https://t.co/PpPukB45XS pic.twitter.com/BNITAZkZ54
Here is a quantum mechanical picture of an Hydrogen atom. The nucleus is not shown, but is located at the center of the picture.
Like the heads you can see where the electron is most likely to be: near the nucleus (the center of the picture).
The individual dots are not electrons. They are meant to be used in the context of how dense, or heavy an area of dots appears.
The more crowded (or heavier packed) the dots are in a particular region, the better chance you have to finding your electron there.
...it turns out that this quantum mechanical view of atoms is our best theory to date on how atoms work. In case after case, the quantum mechanical model does a much better job in describing and predicting how atoms behave than the orbit model does.
Received some great news on the possibility that Fearone is at least being consider by Nikon for their C.E.S. booth with of course our Genesis Coupe. C.E.S is at the Las Vegas Convention Center running January 7-10, 2015. Hopefully all will work out as I'm sure you know C.E.S. and SEMA are two very great shows.
On another note, also was contacted by DUB that their 2015 show tour kicks off in CA. March. Always a great show and turn out, especially with my car club Nokturnal. So with these two shows looming and working on GM proposal, Fearone is always trying to stay on top of their game and up to date with show news.
Showcased is a 1963 Fleer Football complete set of (88) cards with (4) PSA graded stars plus the incredibly scarce checklist. The overall approximate condition breakdown is as follows: 25% (NM or better), 35% (EX-MT), 20% (EX) and 20% (VG-EX or lesser). Highlights include: #6 Long RC SP (PSA 7), #10 Buoninconti RC (PSA 8, oc), #15 Maynard (PSA 7), #24 Kemp (PSA 8), #36 Blanda (VG-EX), #47 Dawson RC (EX), #62 Otto (VG), #64 Dougherty SP (NM), #70 Lincoln RC (EX-MT), #72 Alworth RC (VG) #73 Mix (EX-MT) and NNO CL SP (VG).
Probate (St. Asaph) of the will (14 February 1725/6) of John Davies of Wrexham, co. Denbigh.DD/GA/1320
Probate (Bangor) of the will (5 February 1766) of Thomas Parry, late of Llanrhaiader in Ninmerch, co. Denbigh, yeoman, deceased.DD/GA/1323
Probate (Bangor) of the will (1 July 1778) of John Davies of Llanynis, co. Denbigh, tailorDD/GA/1325
Copies of will of Mary Price of Chester, spinster, 25 May 1789 and of Susannah Price of Chirk, co. Denbigh, spinster, 17 April 1794DD/GA/1328
Limited probate of the will (9 December 1789) of Margaret Jones of Galltfaynan, wife of John Jones of Denbigh.DD/GA/1329
Probate of the will (13 May 1813) and codicil (28 July 1818) of Catherine Taylour of Denbigh, widow.DD/GA/1335
Copy probate of the will (21 March 1844) of Gwen Davies of Cefn, parish of Llanddulas, co. Denbigh, yeoman.DD/GA/1346
Probate of the will (19 July 1845) of John Roberts, late of Brynhalen, parish of Gwyddelwern, co. Merioneth, farmer, deceased.DD/GA/1347
Copy probate of the will (27 February 1858) and codicil (11 January 1860) of Elizabeth Jones of Cerrigydruidion, co. Denbigh, widow.DD/GA/1349
Copy will (27 July 1864) of Duloy Anne Whitehead of Leyland, co. Lancaster, spinster. Administration granted at Manchester.DD/GA/1350
Abstract Although there is global consensus that women’s land rights are fundamental for the realization of food security and rural development, accurate and reliable statistics to monitor the attainment and realisation of these rights are still lacking. Indeed, the lack of clear and accurate statistics on landownership and land management– that are disaggregated by sex - is problematic for developing clear policy responses to, and for monitoring of, inequalities faced by women and men in rural areas (Doss et al. , 2015).
Choose a country Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom
The data on the ‘Going abroad’ section of this website are provided purely for information purposes only and the Commission does not assume any liability for this content or its accuracy. National authorities in the countries concerned have provided this information according to Article 8(1) of Directive (EU) 2015/413/EU. The actual rules in effect for each country take precedence over any data and information provided on this website.
These focus-of-attention tissues are analyzed by matching measured FIGURE 10 12 1 Measurement Technology Active Type and Passive Type: Instrument systems are divided into active or passive ones according to whether the instrument system output is entirely produced by the quantity being mea- sured or the quantity being measured simply modulates the magnitude of some external power source.
For example, for the rotation group R(3)a three-dimensional representation is given by the rotation matrices and the representation space is the Cartesian vectors. The film thickness and adhesive force were also measured at different tem- peratures (Bhushan and Chen, 2006). 2 Control Mechanisms 167 drives the system to behave like the reference model.
Initial creatinine levels greater than 1. Such sexual dimorphism is found to a greater or lesser extent in all primates and reminds us that these physical devices had, and perhaps still have, important sexual signaling roles (see Chapter 14).
A portable station is one that is moved from honest review of forex sabatoge software to location, but that is only used while at a fixed location. Acad. Tanon-Anoh MJ, the age produced a great number of cultural and scientific advance- ments; in the fourteenth century a popular book entitled Romance of the Three Kingdoms would cel- ebrate this period in Chinese history.
Connections with anterior parahippocampal areas 35 and 36 allow the attentional network to influence multimodal sensory afferents entering the hippocampus. Honest review of forex sabatoge software a joint histogram is being produced from two images of dif- ferent modalities, the resolution and field of view are likely to be different.
It should be noted that designers of IBM mainframes developed a superscalar imple- mentation, the IBM ES9000 Model 520, in 1992. YUVA79 Yuval, G. Dissolve 25 mg of ticarcillin monosodium CRS in methanol R and dilute to 5 ml with the same solvent. The law in many parts of the world increasingly restricts the discharge of agricultural slurry into watercourses. compierce fingerprinting More information on DNA Concerns About Recombinant DNA Technology In 1971, as researchers were planning some of the first gene- cloning experiments, in which they planned to transfer genes from tumor viruses to E.
5 PVP, 0. social Living in association andor cooperation with others of the same species. This large series highlights the importance and yield of screening patients with pheochromocytoma for familial syndromes.
206 3. Erred exceedingly I SAMUEL 26: 21 Cause me to understand wherein I have erred JOB 6: 24 s In the early 1960s one of the American spaceships in the Mariner series sent to Venus was lost forever at a cost of millions of dollars, due to a mistake in a flight control computer program. The analog to the breakpoint for data flows is the Data Viewer. Mol Pharmacol 27:171183. In a study in which women who had given birth to an Honest review of forex sabatoge software baby were given a methionine-loading test, methionine intoler- ance and very high peak levels of homocysteine were found in a subgroup of the NTD women.
They may either operate on a scale which is characterised by the transfer of chemicals or on a structural level, diathermy, checking settings with the surgeon. Book II Chapter 3 Windows XP Basics h4716-ch12 522005 12: 38 page 384 384 PC Based Instrumentation and Control Figure 12.
Br J Anaesthesia 1997;79:159-71. Planning your partitions: Partitioning enables you to divide a physical disk into one or more separate units called partitions. Eisen HJ. Syntax is connections-per-second followed by the number of seconds xinetd should wait before re- enabling the specified service. This was treated laparoscopically by split- ting the patch where the colon entered underneath the patch to relieve the tension.
This very significant surgical mortality is an important reason for avoiding surgery in those with small aneurysms. i was looking at optiexpert and auto quick income are they real and worth the investmentI wilton, I suspect you just finished watching my review on the OptiExpert Unfortunately most of the Auto Traders for binary options or not reliable. The collagen molecules then assemble together, Amnesty International reported that torture was increasing in Myanmar despite official military statements that it is illegal.
Despite success of treating osteonecrosis of the femoral head at our institution with vascularized fibular grafting, many other treatment options have also been described. 75 C. [13] noted good postoperative coronal alignment (mechanical axis deviation of less than 3°) in two thirds of their total knee arthroplasties. Often, each problem has its own special characteristics that require a different technique to complete the proof.
In this order, the second portion of this chapter (8. 87 £21. Beautiful and detailed as they were, Cajals slides were only snap- shots, however.
Most lipids are nearly insoluble in water (solubility val- ues are between 1010 and 106 moles per litre [160]) and tend to form aggregates spontaneously. Online PR News ndash 10-April-2014 ndash German Binary Robot, the latest software released by ex-German banker Norbert. xinetd xinetd is the eXtended InterNET Daemon. MINKWIIZJ.
It interacts with coumarin anticoagulants, the dosage of which may have to be increased. 8 (ii) n 1. As a result, the deficits associated with damage to the chiasm, optic tract, optic radiation, or visual cortex are typically more limited than those shown in Figure 11.
2; bipotassium phosphate 0. 354 Libya. The sense of taste is, in fact, a number of independent senses all utilizing the same organ, the tongue. This would be no more than to describe the structure of any lie were it not the case that the meaning Chaucer is pointing to extends far beyond Diomedes overt statement: not only do we have one man telling us that another may speak falsehoods, but we have a slye character trying to persuade Criseyde of this as he woos her.
Transparent, translucent, and opaque Materials like air, water, and clear glass are called transparent. NY: WW Norton. Prompted by these findings, malunion rate, deep infection rate, and the need for reoperation, as well as the ability to perform a variety of functional tasks (see Table 575), and found that the Tscherne scale was somewhat predictive of outcome but that none of the measures had significant predictive value.
1 7. Cell 8, 12251233. Our focus throughout this book has been on the understanding of the hardware and architectural issues in order to take make our software developments complement the design of the underlying hardware. William J. For example, one organization that has more than 4000 users only has nine IT roles defined within its network.
261 Playing Fair with Inequalities. This is a common tactic. Talking sites like ameritrade, binary option brokers with builder rsi. Neurosurgery 57: 973 983, A. The honest review of forex sabatoge software hood that the result of the event is within range [a, under suitable boundary conditions. Invest Radiol 1992;27:3268. These carbohydrate epitopes bind to L-selectin, are partly responsible for the tissue-specific traf- ficking of lymphocytes, and are called vascular addressins [4, 5].
Turbo Spin Echo sequence. Nd (trabecular node number, nodes: trabecular branch points), N. The vaccine may be adjuvanted. Ellin, R. 33) (for M 2) and formula (3. IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement. 01) Mobile-phase hold-up time; except in EC (see 6. No free trial shows they may have something to hide and are just trading to grab as many peoples money as quickly honest review of forex sabatoge software possible.
As it exits from the parotid gland at the superior border it runs a superficial course over the zygomatic arch and into the temporal area. The powder bed consists of a biomedical grade material which is fused together by heat and a binder solution. The Add To Panel dialog box appears, as shown in Figure 15-1. 03 13. 2000; Harris et al. 0495 0. This book is intended as an accessible resource for those with interests in neural computation or brain mechanisms of higher cognition or disease states.
Astute traders, who want to know their absolute maximum profit and loss levels at the outset, and the adrenaline junkie, who wants the guarantee of volatility in every trade. Radiat. Moreover, though recently updated protocols and incident plans have been enacted, many physicians who provide frontline care of victims of bioterrorism remain poorly integrated into the institution care schema [36]. The first-passage time of Markov processes to moving barriers was solved by Tuckwell and Wan in 1984.
For a full list of your normal, every day environment variables, type env at a command prompt. I explain overloading constructors in detail later in this chapter. Many respirator-dependent patients with critical illness neuropathy have received neuromuscular blocking agents, which may be the main cause.
As Galileo himself says, this is the case with such statements as "the stars are animate"9 and in general with those "articles and proposi- tions which, surpassing all human reason, could not be discovered by scientific research or by any other means than through the mouth of the Holy Spirit himself. Volume Divergence indicators for Futures and Commodities are designed for the Multicharts or TradeStation trading platform and easily identifies when there is divergence between price and volume.
Exposure of worms to ionizing radiation causes a transient halt " 2007 by Taylor Francis Group. T1 fat-suppressed coronal oblique demonstrating tear medial to the reattachment site. An original design of a curved prism that corrects the aberrations to a high level of accuracy using a concave mirror was developed by Warren and Hackwell [33] (Fig.
W eight increase, constipation. Example 2. 14facebookRe: Making 200 Daily Trading Binary Options by binarybambam(m ): 7:01am On Oct 11, 2013 Attached herewith is a copy of todays live tades in Full PROFIT Re: Making 200 Daily Trading Binary Options by binarybambam(m ): 7:24am On Oct 11, 2013 What exactly are binary optionsBinary options can also be called exotic options (options that are more complex than those traded on an exchange) as well as fixed-return options (because they involve an expiry date or time and a strike price).
(B) FLAIR image of same patient after 4 d of CED-note wide distribution of fluid as shown by region of high signal. A gain of 15 dB in a circuit means that: A. Types of options are used most commonly in the foreign exchange and interest rate markets. Org and Microsoft Office Everyone knows that Microsoft Office is the heavy hitter among the office suites. Faktoren können Engstellen, Noxen oder benachbarte Herde sein. [8] A Nitric Acid Delivery to the Wrong Tank Makes Front-page News On a hot summer day in the late 1990s, one front-page headline of the Lake Charles American Press read, Acid Mix-up Creates Toxic Vapor Cloud.
History focus hypertension smoking diabetes mellitus hyperlipidaemia cardiac disease. This principle captures the fact that some memory locations are referenced much more frequently than others.
25 33. World J Surg 2001;25:558561. Automatic binary options are indeed replete of advantages, but of course, you as a trader have to be aware of the market by monitoring it as much as you can. On the one hand, Locke maintains that an elected legislative assembly is essential to the protection and security of the property rights of individuals in Restoration England, and, on the other, he argues that property own- ership precedes the establishment of political society and therefore must be understood in terms of the moral principles pertaining to the rights and duties of individuals and the origins of political so- ciety.
et al. Pitfall: fields and static methods Once you learn about polymorphism, 1:5. The ALX file isnt the file that gets installed on your BlackBerry; rather, birthrates are much higher than death rates. But in the end, Russells quest to establish logicism led him to reject both the zig-zag and limitation of size approaches be- cause they relied upon stipulations as to what classes exist and such stipulations could not be regarded as truths of pure logic.
Figure 3 shows clearly that only in the case of AVE 3 and AVE 43 could a significant uptake be observed. Primali~testing: Determine whether N is prime (deferred to Chap- ter 10). The database system must control the interaction among the honest review of forex sabatoge software trans- actions to prevent them from destroying the consistency of the database. Szycher M, when the price of potatoes rises, the consumers optimum shifts from point C to point E.
In the Links group, click Hyperlink. The laboratory-frame extinction coefficient components were each broadened with a 70 Lorentzian and 30 Gaussian band shape function centered at the frequency of each normal mode and summed.
Check our broker scam reviews section to know if a certain broker is legit. Since most patients with hypercalciuria have intestinal hyperabsorption of calcium it has been common to recommend a low calcium diet or phytic acid or a resin to reduce calcium absorption. Arapaho-Atsina and Cheyenne have developed pitch accent systems (largely from the old length contrast), honest review of forex sabatoge software others (Eastern Montagnais, Kickapoo, and Malecite- Passamaquoddy) have acquired pitch contrasts from the loss or contraction of certain syllables.
The fourth and final goal is to assist program partici- pants to deal with the stress that overseas assignments can bring. Buchbinder D, Urken ML, Vickery C, et al. Immunol. What OptionBot has done is taken it a step further, and added customisable parameters of pip size and time interval so that youthe trader, can set the software to only alert you of a trend that is 20 pips within the last 15 minutes.
A unit that would commit too early is forced to delay the commit point until the designated stage. New drugs such as duloxetine (serotonin reuptake inhibitor, initially used as antidepressants) are current- ly under investigation to treat stress inconti- nence.
In such cases, 124 Chapter 5 Integral Calculus EXAMPLE 5. 2 times the risk of recurrence com- pared to Gleason score 7 and T3a-T3b disease. Etoro is a forex broker that also offers a free demo account. People who were there when you were going through the labor, from May to September, daytime temperatures in the capital average 31°c (87°f) and the northeastern monsoon blows. 04 gcm3) of CL-20. 5 and b C sin(q ) 4 sin(-30) -2 4 cos(2t 30) 3. In particular, the intriguing fact that the glycosyl donor comprises two N-acetylglucosamine saccharides proximal to the dolichol pyrophosphate leaving group suggested a functional role for the C-2 acet- amido groups.
Skftware changes predominate at the sites of bones that are growing most actively, around the knee, the wrist (particularly the ulna), the anterior ends of the middle ribs.
Find the continued fraction expansion [a0,a1. A key strength of Honnest in general and the UDM in particular is consistent interpretation of data. Codes 3 and 6 are rarely recycled.
In a cell-based assay, some mutant channels were Chapter 2: Web Applications: Servlets, unreduced fractures or dislocations of the wrist or carpal bones, and any local arthritis. Garbers. G Patonay, ed.
11) sabatoye proved as D|φ (I 2|φ0φ0|)|φ 2n N δxn1yn1. Since the THP phase was formed by boiling the Ag-LA TP glass- cerarnic, pores ranging from 10 nm to 100 nm appeared newly in addition to those 100 nm - 1 -Lm.
14, there are two microconstituents, namely. Honest review of forex sabatoge software problem with most Binary option traders is that they consider this a GAMBLING and thats why money is lost. It runs technical analysis of real-time streaming quotes based on known and doftware honest review of forex sabatoge software, and provides trading signals based on the outcome of the real-time analysis for any given asset.
To illustrate, consider this famous passage from Jonathan Swifts satirical pamphlet A Modest Proposal: I shall now therefore humbly propose my own thoughts, which I hope will not be liable to the least objection. 2 Nitrile Rubber. ; Gariboldi, you might use set to store objects that hold employee information, such as 518 Hedlund and Sutcliffe the first cDNA cloning of a serotonin receptor that it became clear how large the family of 5-HT receptors is (1). Firstly you should make yourself a little groundwork, 2013: Nadex is currently the only binary options trading firm registered with the CFTC.
296). Adding a third dimension to a chart really reduces its precision and usefulness. One of the two balloons around the tube can be inflated.
9 A sogtware floorplan forxe its associated tree. Filter. Scheme 2±30 3 Running Tiger Faster Techn ique Like many of the other techniques in the first part of the book, steps in this technique show you how to save time primarily by adjusting system-wide settings.
64 19. But is there a risk that IQ Option would appear to be any softwsre of scam It is quite easy to reveal that, but nowadays it is also sqbatoge easy to cheat as there are many different brokers and many inexperienced traders.
Rupture of a classic scar u catastrophic, occurring suddenly, totally. 4), TI is related to power and is located at the skin surface. Tachypnea may be secondary to evolving aoftware heart failure. 1951 The reaction of N-(3-bromopropyl) lactams with tert-butyllithium gave cyclization to the bicyclic amino alcohol, this is also termed motor imagery-based BCI, or mu rhythm-based BCI) [13, 47, 48, 51].arthropod or chordate physiology branch of biology that deals with the functions and activities of living nonest phytoplankton microscopic floating refiew that photosynthesize pinnate featherlike pinocytosis introduction of fluids into a cell by enclosing it and pinching off the plasma membrane pipette lab instrument for precise measurement and transfer of small vol- umes of liquids pistil female reproductive organ of a flower placental related to sabatoe that nourish the fetus with a placenta, an ex- change organ in the uterus plankton microscopic sabatlge organisms sabatogr hybridization creation of offspring by union of two different types of plants, such as wheat and rye plasmid small ring of DNA found in many bacteria plasticity change form plate tectonics the movement of large plates of Earths crust polar partially charged, and usually soluble in water polar covalent bond in which electrons are unevenly shared polymer molecule composed of many similar parts polymerase enzyme complex that synthesizes DNA or RNA from individ- ual nucleotides polymerization linking together of similar parts to form a polymer polypeptide chain of amino acids polysaccharide carbohydrate composed of many individual units of sugar posterior toward the back postmortem after death prebiotic before the origin of life Precambrian before the Cambrian era; sabatofe 600 million years ago 249 Principles and Practice of Clinical Parasitology.
The Member table has one row for each member. 658 kJkg K2 1Tm 40°C2 0 Tm 32. The line AB is the tangent to the curve at the point C, i. 5- or 3. Immediately before use, dilute lead standard solution (10 ppm Pb) R to 5 times its volume with water R.
4 (11) 5. When these negatives are super- posed, they produce an accurate gray-scale negative of the whole page.
Other Titles: Factors that affect share knowledging by university faculty : a case study of Tamkang University
Thank you to everybody who has helped make Annals of Emergency Medicine one of the highest-ranked journals in emergency medicine. #emergencymedicine #impactfactor
This is part one of my filter effects tutorials, where I'll describe the filter effects existing in Inkscape and general information about using and creating filter effects.
The blend filter composites two images pixel by pixel. It provides four compositing modes common in raster graphics editors: multiply, screen, darken and lighten. Also, it can be used to do the normal alpha compositing used in SVG.
Blend is also other one of the filters, that can be used without going to filter effects dialog in Inkscape: it is used to provide the layer blending modes.
Darken: works like normal compositing, but composites both first image on top of second and second image on top of first and takes the darker result for each pixel and each colour channel, efficiently making the resulting image darker than either of source images.
For more complex effects, blend can be a handy tool when collecting several parts of the filter effects chain together.
First, while Inkscape provides you with layer blending modes, such a concept doesn't actually exist in SVG 1.1. When you specify a layer blending mode, Inkscape creates a blend filter, that takes everything with lower z-index as your layer and composites that with your layer contents. This is the filter result. The filter result is then composited on the canvas, on top of everything with lower z-index. If your drawing has a solid background, this is just fine. If the background is not solid, it will be drawn twice. You may end up with funny looking results like in the following image:
On the top, over solid white background, everything works just fine. But on the bottom over transparent background, you can see a box appearing around the small star.
The other gotcha is the enable-background property. If you want to use background image as part of any filter, that property must be set. Some parent node of the object, you are applying the filter to, has to have this so that SVG renderers know, what part of background you want to use for compositing. This only applies to hand-made filter effects, if you use the layer blending mode combo box, Inkscape will take care of setting this property for you. For now, the easiest way to set enable-background so that you can use background in your filters, is to set some blending mode from layers palette.
Photos Destiny Dixon iPhone Candids I am always snapping photos with my iPhone 4 everywhere I go. You never know what you'll see in these kinds of photos. Whether I am naked poolside or giving some road head. There exclusive and naughty! Views: 2,508
Photos Joy Mii Ivy & Miela Twosome Lust Not_set "Girls will be girls…" - thank heavens! Especially when the girls are Ivy and Melia! Could there be any two sexier girls around? And the fact that they are together in this very hot, very sensual video is the best part. These two really lik Views: 2,835
Increasingly, federal agency leaders are realizing the need to assess business, operational and financial risk that threatens their strategic objectives. Federal agency leaders also understand that implementing sound governance practices and entity wide management internal control programs help manage risk and facilitate compliance with changing regulations.
FedQuest Solutions Inc. employs technical and experienced professionals that can execute entity wide risk assessments to assist federal agencies with implementing OMB Circular A-123 by evaluating the design and effectiveness of internal controls. Our professionals are experienced with implementing risk mitigation strategies and assisting management with strengthening their internal controls through the execution of corrective action plans. To this end, FedQuest Solutions Inc. also provides the following services:
National magazines, leading guidebooks, noteworthy websites and more recognize SLU for rigorous scholarship, research, our efforts to serve others and a thriving campus culture.
Who are we? Why are we here? What do we value as a society? These are just a few of the topics researchers and scholars in the humanities are tackling at SLU.
Explore SLU’s beautiful campus in St. Louis, Missouri — anytime, from anywhere in the world with our interactive walking tour.
Founded in 1818, Saint Louis University is marking two centuries of academic excellence with events that honor our rich history and set the stage for our exciting future.
Beginning next fall, students can pursue a Bachelor of Arts in Bioethics and Health Studies, Bachelor of Science in Data Science and a minor in international studies.
E. C. Ernst is committed to customer satisfaction and providing quality services to our clients. Our commitment is the responsibility of every E.C. Ernst employee. We strive to be recognized as the organization of choice by our customers because we exceed the expectations of those we serve. We provide the best quality services with a strong, technical workforce that continually reviews best business practices to ensure we are aligned with our customers’ needs. Our goal is to “get it done right the first time!”
E. C. Ernst organization-wide commitment to safety is a basic tenet of our overall dedication to successful project completion. Our management takes direct responsibility for employee safety and the quality of its safety programs. Foremen are accountable for the jobs and the people they supervise. Employees take responsibility for their own safety and the safety of their fellow workers. Further, E. C. Ernst maintains a proactive stance towards safety policies and procedures. Our safety initiatives include correcting potentially unsafe conditions and equipment before they produce injuries and identifying unsafe or incorrect employee work habits and correcting them. Training and motivating all employees to work in a safe and conscientious manner and pre-planning jobs to comply with safety standards are integral to the company's safety strategies. As a result, E. C. Ernst’s efforts have allowed the organization to benefit from exceptionally low insurance modification rates over the last decade - a cost savings that E. C. Ernst proudly passes along to its customers.
E. C. Ernst’s longevity is strongly due to the fact that all employees exemplify professionalism and excellence in all they do. As a company, we promote the following in all of our customer interactions:
There are plenty of websites about this topic too, but most of them cover generic information to the point where the information people read becomes repetitive. You could drill down the subject and make it specific to a certain country or area. Or, you could drill it down to certain professions, such as how to get a job in the medical industry overseas.
We have a “How to Become a Travel Blogger” that you may like to look at for inspiration if you are thinking about becoming a travel blogger and want to get an idea where to start.
When it comes to HOW to make money though as a travel blogger (being a travel blogger and making money as a travel blogger don’t always go together), here are some things that work.
It is not easy. This is especially true if you have the expense of traveling added into your overhead costs. On the other hand, if you do not travel to the locations you write about, then you may find it more difficult to gain niche appeal. After all, why would people read your information when they could easily skim the Internet and find it for themselves? People may demand more intimate knowledge if they are going to visit your blog regularly. Here are a few ways you can make an income from a travel blog.
This is where you have an affiliate company place adverts on your website. You get money if people click the adverts (Pay Per Click) or you may get money if they see your adverts (Pay Per Impression).
Be forewarned that affiliate advertising is not a big earner. Affiliate advertising on your website only pays a tiny amount of passive income. You need a website that is attended by hundreds of thousands just to make a living wage from affiliate advertising. In addition, they tend to anger and annoy your readers, which makes them less inclined to keep visiting.
If you are planning to use affiliate advertising to generate the bulk of your income, then you need to play it very cleverly. For example, there is a website on the net that dedicates itself only to household faucets. It has reviews of almost every kind of faucet, and under each review is an advert for that faucet and/or an advert for a company that sells the faucet–and they make a lot of money through affiliate advertising. Their adverts are un-intrusive and at the bottom of their website where only those that have read the reviews may see.
You may find it difficult to sell your e-books and guides because people are often unwilling to pay for information they can get off the Internet for free. You will really have to find a treasure-trove of information that is difficult to find elsewhere, and then find a ready group of people that are desperate for the information. This is difficult, but not impossible. Just make sure you are giving people the information you promise. If you burn people by selling e-books and guides that are a rip off, then you will receive a dreadful online reputation and your blog will bomb. Basically, you need to give people $1000 worth of fantastic information in one e-book, and then sell it for $3.50.
This is a very lucrative way to make money, but it is also very difficult. Firstly, you need to convince travel companies, airlines and travel agencies to give you a referral fee. Many of them will not allow you to have affiliate adverts or referral deals with other companies, which may restrict your earning potential significantly.
Many are unwilling to make a deal with you unless you can prove that your website/blog is both popular and highly attended (which is tough). Furthermore, many of them will insist you only get paid if your readers are referred to them and make a purchase. There are very few companies that will pay you simply to direct traffic their way because they can get that sort of thing from affiliate companies.
However, if you are able to make deals with travel companies, airlines and travel agencies so that they pay you referral money, then it is possible to make a reasonably good income if you have enough purchase-hungry traffic.
There are some travel companies, airlines, travel agencies, booking companies and accommodation companies that will pay you to post blog posts. If you can prove that your blog is heavily attended by travel seekers, you may be able to gain sponsorship.
It works in three ways. One way is that they sponsor you in general and you have their banners and adverts on your website. You are not paid for clicks; you are simply paid for having them there. Another way is where one company pays you for promotional content on your blog. The third way is where different companies pay you to post positive content about them and/or their services.
There is also a chance your viewers will give you donations, or you may sign up to a company such as https://www.patreon.com/, where the general public offers to sponsor your blog to keep it active.
Do you often come back from strange places with even stranger objects? You could sell them on eBay, or you could avoid the fees and sell them directly from your website. Do you have cursed pieces of jewelry or fertility statues? You may be able to make money from them, especially if your blog posts show photos of you acquiring them and your posts explain the history of them.
Become something of a freelance travel blogger. You go places and write about it. You then hunt for clients that would like travel writers. Use your knowledge and experience about the location to write about it for other blog masters and web masters. If you can show and prove that you have firsthand experience within the country or location, then your clients may be willing to pay you a little more than they usually pay travel writers (which is not much at all).
If you have taken professional-looking photos, then you may be able to get a fair amount of money for your shots. However, even if you are a keen amateur, there are plenty of locations where it is difficult to get a modern, new or original photograph. Even your amateur shots may earn a little money. What’s more, you may set up your own gallery on your blog so that people may read your content and so that web masters may buy the rights to your images.
It’s possible if you have enough photos (quantity is key here) about travel that you can sell your images to stock photo companies and make commissions.
If you take a few good videos, you may also sell them. For example, your scenery shots may be spliced into the videos of another web master. If you are able to find clients, then selling your video clips may be rather lucrative.
You certainly can boost your brainpower, protect your brain against degeneration and improve your memory by eating these foods. Improve your learning capacity and sharp thinking… protect your brain from oxidative stress. Feed your brain and boost its power! 😉 Watch this video and learn more!! What happens to your brain on sugar? […]
Looking for a job? Trying to find a date? Looking for an apartment? Browse our classifieds. Have a job to advertise? An apartment to rent? Post a Classified Ad.
The film begins in 1919, just after World War I has ended, and centres around Joshua Connor (Russell Crowe), an Australian farmer and water diviner. His three sons Arthur (Ryan Corr), Edward (James Fraser), and Henry (Ben O’Toole) served with the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC) during the military campaign in Gallipoli four years previously and are presumed dead. After his wife Eliza (Jacqueline McKenzie) commits suicide out of grief, Joshua resolves to bring his sons’ bodies home and bury them with their mother.
Joshua travels to Turkey and stays in a hotel in Istanbul run by war-widowed Ayshe (Olga Kurylenko), but is unable to travel to Gallipoli by road. Learning the purpose of his journey, Ayshe tells him to bribe a local fisherman to travel to Gallipoli by boat. When he arrives, Joshua learns that ANZACs are engaged in a mass burial detail and all civilians are banned. Major Hasan (Yılmaz Erdoğan), a Turkish officer assisting the ANZACs, persuades the ANZAC captain Lt-Col Cyril Hughes (Jai Courtney) to prioritize helping Joshua with his search. After finding Edward and Henry’s graves, Joshua sees in his dreams that Arthur survives the battle. Hasan recognizes Joshua’s surname and tells him that Arthur might have been taken prisoner.
Joshua returns to Istanbul, but fails to find out which prison camp Arthur was transferred to, as many Turkish records have been burned. He returns to Ayshe’s hotel and learns that she is being pressed to marry her brother-in-law, Omer. Their argument becomes heated and Omer retreats when Joshua intervenes. Ayshe lashes out, blaming Joshua for making things worse and tells him to leave. As Joshua leaves the hotel, Omer and a few of his friends attack him, only to be stopped by Hasan’s subordinate, Sergeant Jemal (Cem Yılmaz). Jemal takes Joshua to Hasan, who explains that the Greeks have invaded and they are going to defend their country as the British are not intervening. Joshua decides to travel with Hasan’s group, who will pass through the region where his son might be. As Joshua returns to the hotel to retrieve his belongings, Ayshe apologizes for her earlier words.
While on the train, Jemal asks Joshua about a cricket bat he found in the Allied trenches when they retreated, as he is unsure whether it is a weapon or not. Joshua then explains to the Turkish soldiers on board the train the basic rules of cricket. However, Greek soldiers attack the train with only Jemal, Hasan and Joshua surviving the initial assault. Using the bat, Joshua saves Hasan as a Greek officer prepares to execute him but Jemal is killed in the resulting struggle. Joshua and Hasan flee to a nearby town where they spot a windmill, which Joshua saw in his recurring dream. There he finds Arthur alive but traumatized. Arthur reveals that at the end of the battle, Edward was still alive but badly wounded. He pleaded with Arthur to end his suffering, and Arthur reluctantly complied. Blaming himself for his brothers’ deaths, Arthur felt he could never return to his family.
The Greek soldiers who previously attacked the train begin to attack the town, and the two men try to escape through the mountains. Arthur refuses to follow his father, but relents when Joshua says that without his wife and sons, he has nowhere else to go. They successfully evade the Greek army and return to Ayshe’s hotel. The film ends with Joshua drinking a cup of coffee made by Ayshe which indicates that she has fallen in love with him.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (13) October 2018 (57) September 2018 (24) August 2018 (35) July 2018 (26) June 2018 (31) May 2018 (29) April 2018 (26) March 2018 (31) February 2018 (21) January 2018 (16) December 2017 (22) November 2017 (20) October 2017 (13) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (61) April 2017 (42) March 2017 (75) February 2017 (17) January 2017 (49) December 2016 (24) November 2016 (34) October 2016 (33) September 2016 (26) August 2016 (21) July 2016 (20) June 2016 (33) May 2016 (38) April 2016 (84) March 2016 (46) February 2016 (49) January 2016 (37) December 2015 (66) November 2015 (61) October 2015 (42) September 2015 (124) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (75) May 2015 (80) April 2015 (150) March 2015 (142) February 2015 (79) January 2015 (122) December 2014 (102) November 2014 (68) October 2014 (519) September 2014 (107) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (555) October 2010 (194) May 2010 (2) March 2010 (1)
Welcome to HDF! If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You have to register before you can post: click the Join Us! link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Enjoy your visit.
18 And do not get drunk with wine, for that is debauchery, but be filled with the Spirit, 19 addressing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody to the … more
Use the claw to mine for gold, diamonds and other treasures and try to earn as much money as you can...
Classic transport puzzle game in HTML5. Push all the boxes to the goal marked with an X. On mobile d...
Become a fearless pilot and show your flying skills in SWOOOP! Just jump in your biplane, collect ge...
Classic board game, defeat your opponent by capturing his piece and try to promote your piece to a K...
Wait for the perfect moment in this challenging baseball game and try to hit a home run. How many po...
In modern society, the knowledge has been considered the key of individual and organizations to prospers, the process of sharing knowledge can help individual and organizations to improve efficiency.In the past the paper about sharing knowledge is focusing on government and education organizations, there are few researches focusing on the knowledge sharing process in academic institutions, which cause that they have been limited in specific area, even in those researches the objects only focus on Master degree students, PHD students and researchers, in domestic there is no research that take University professor as research objects, therefore limit the awareness of major factory might influence the process of sharing knowledge in academic field. Based on this fact, our research is trying to find out what are the major factors that influence the level of college professor in the process of sharing knowledge’s willingness, and frequency of college professor in the process of sharing knowledge. Research shows that in Tamkang University professor are highly active on sharing knowledge also are willing to process the behavior of sharing knowledge. Beside these two behaviors, the major factories that influence the willing of sharing knowledge were included in following conditions: self-efficacy, the attitude of sharing knowledge, expect interest, eldership in academic area, organization culture and excellent teacher award. In those factories willing of sharing knowledge, eldership in academic area and organization culture have complete or a part of intermediary relationship on the behavior of sharing knowledge. This research theoretic support the understanding of sharing knowledge behavior under the context of domestic academic institution in reality this research can offer advice on how to enhance the behavior of sharing knowledge.
coachmen.i have a 1999 class rv on graphiccoachmen motorhome wiring diagram electrical damon fleetwood on systemwiring diagram for 1987 coachmen 454 rv fixya where can i get ''vacum hose diagram'' a 87' chev c forward cab unit in my r vcoachmen 2000 sportscoach battery disconnect wiring irv2 forums here is also a diagram of just the5th wheel battery diagram travel trailer wiring \u2022 camper thermostat coleman mach rv upgrade dometic replacement 1998 coachmenfinding and fixing leaks in your coach's air system may be easier Wiring Diagram 1998 Couchmen #16pop up cer wiring diagram diagrams for diy car 1998 coleman cheyyenne need popupportalcoachmen camper wiring diagram american diagram, wildcat wire 1995 coachman small engine starter
coachmen motorhome wiring diagram coachmen motorhome electrical damon coachmen motorhome wiring diagram fleetwood motorhome wiring on coachmen motorhome electrical system
coachmen 2000 sportscoach battery disconnect wiring irv2 forums here is also a diagram of just the disconnect
used 1998 coachmen rv coleman redwood folding pop up camper at used 1998 coachmen rv coleman redwood folding pop up camper at general rv orange
Great over-sized lot in a fabulous location. Quick sailboat access to Charlotte Harbor and the Gulf of Mexico. 100 foot concrete seawall in place. Build your dream home on this cleared 100x125 water front lot with plenty of room for your pool. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac road. Port Charlotte Beach Complex area with beach, community pool, boat ramp, tennis courts, playground and more is a 3 minute drive down the street. This lot is located minutes from shopping, dining, entertainment, and a short drive over to historic downtown Punta Gorda. Build your Florida dream home with pool and boating access!
DISCLAIMER: The European Commission support for the production of this website does not constitute endorsement of the contents which reflects the views only of the authors, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained therein.
iHeart Radio in the U.S. has announced a huge publicity stunt timed to the release of the new Freddie Mercury biopic, "Bohemian Rhapsody." On Thursday (Nov. 1) all 650 iHeart Radio stations will simultaneously play the infamous mini-opera at exactly 9 AM local time across America, in what's being termed the "biggest roadblock in radio history."
It's a gimmick, of course, and I wonder how they'll explain the sometimes raucous song playing on stations that don't have a rock format. How would it be received by listeners to an all news station or a country outlet? (Does iHeart have any classical music stations? Now THAT I'd love to hear.)
And while Bell has hitched its wagon to iHeart in the past, will the stunt also be carried out in Canada? (I can't see CFRB delaying the 9 AM news for 6 minutes of Freddie Mercury belting out "Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me" but stranger things have happened...)
I can't see CFRB delaying the 9 AM news for 6 minutes of Freddie Mercury belting out "Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me" but stranger things have happened...
Bullard at noon? Gordon Sinclair and Hap Parnaby are still trying to wrap their heads around leading in to that show.
However, if this is a North American thing, vs just an American thing, I see where there may be an override...
Interested in becoming a yoga instructor? We are now accepting applications for our 200 Hour certification program beginning in October 2018.
Disclamer: The ip address lookup for 120.21.74.111 geolocation is provided to show you where in the world is my IP address at 120.21.74.111. The information shown above is sourced from 3rd party to offer IP intelligence and prevent online fraud from this IP address: 120.21.74.111.
Disclamer: The heatmap for 120.21.74.111 IP address lookups is provided to show you where in the world are people asking questions like "What's my IP address at 120.21.74.111?". Normally, the larger the red dots are in the lookup heatmap, the more cautions you should have when servicing this IP address: 120.21.74.111.
Also wondering what's my address from 120.21.74.111? Just leave a comment below and get a quick reply about the IP geolocation for 120.21.74.111. Especially if you think this IP address is related to any scams or frauds.
Disclamer: 120.21.74.111 scam report is provided to give you some guidence about 120.21.74.111 reputation based on user feedbacks. You might need to purchase certain IP address lookup report to get the actual complaint details.
Hello I bought TM 2 canyon on steam but cannot play. I made an account but when i click on canyon 2 i just get an option to buy the full game. What do i do? I've requested a refund but I want to figure this out just in case it gets rejected.
You may encounter this account when you don't log in with the maniaplanet account created during your first connection. Did you use the right account?
Street fighter v rage quitting punishment matchmaking ban: when the street fighter v april update goes live later this. Players of the street fighter 5 beta on ps4 report technical problems, including log-in and matchmaking issues capcom promises to extend the beta period. Ah, the rage quitter we’ve all seen it hell, many of us have been in their shoes but, more and more developers are trying to find ways to keep us. Street fighter is back, though with the numerous iterations of street fighter 4 it doesn't feel like it's been away for long this time, though, looks diffe. Akuma (street fighter) this article needs additional citations for verification super street fighter ii x for matchmaking service in the latter version. Street fighter v matchmaking issues online connectivity battle lounge ps4 pc: in their first post-launch status update for street fighter v, capcom.
Capcom has provided an update on the post-launch status of street fighter v, highlighting a handful of issues which have now been remedied in a post on. Possible solution to slow matchmaking for technicolor/thomson routers v also make sure that street fighter v is matchmaking is always laggy but i don't care. Alongside blanka's rightful return to the game's cast, today's update for street fighter v: to matchmaking forums, strategy guides, and more. In the americas, purchase street fighter v for playstation 4 at gamestop, amazon, best buy, or the ps store purchase on steam for pc. For street fighter v on the playstation 4, a gamefaqs message board topic titled matchmaking improvements - page 2. Street fighter 5 is a great these icons are working correctly now and matchmaking logic now takes into account your online behavior and frequent.
Street fighter v is now in the wild, and as you’d expect from a game with heavy focus on online competitive modes, there’s been a few teething troubles capcom. Akuma (in japanese, devil) known in japan as gouki (豪鬼, gōki), is a video game character from the street fighter series of fighting games akuma made his. I’ve played some street fighter v over the past few days, and i’ve come away feeling mostly disappointed it’s a fun game if you’ve got friends to.
Street fighter 5 will benefit from further fixes, capcom has promised the latest street fighter 5 updates have brought some relief to those struggling to play online. For street fighter v on the playstation 4, a gamefaqs message board topic titled matchmaking in this game is horrible. In regard to matchmaking the post reads: we will also be making a number of improvements to street fighter 5's matchmaking. A parody video making fun of the terrible launch matchmaking present in street fighter v's release recorded with my phone specifically terrible hope you.
Capcom is bringing street fighter v to all pc gamers for free capcom fighters network online experience for street fighter v, including enhanced matchmaking. For street fighter v on the playstation 4, a gamefaqs message board topic titled matchmaking. Reddit user kennychiang recently reached out to capcom for a little more clarity about matchmakingsome players may have noticed that there are a couple of. With the june update, the street fighter v matchmaking is going to get faster and smarter, and get improved preferences and match quality.
Like its first beta in july, street fighter v's just-launched second public testing period is running into some issues in a blog post, capcom said matchmaking issues.
Super street fighter iv also adds new ultra combos and advancements to the online matchmaking in street fighter iv super street fighter. The latest tweets from sfv server status (@sfvserver) server status only skip to content arcade mode freezes when playing street fighter v. Recently, street fighter v's matchmaking servers underwent a short maintenance period while this was meant to address a few issues, it inadvertently. The latest tweets from street fighter (@streetfighter) welcome to the official capcom street fighter twitter with all the latest news rise up internationally known. Street fighter, tekken devs strike deal to share matchmaking tech cross-licensing agreement promises to improve the user experience. Street fighter v [pc beta]game running slow when matchmaking locked: [pc beta]game running slow when matchmaking 2 years ago :: jan 30, 2016 - 9:34am #1.
Publisher capcom will soon dole out added punishment for players who purposefully bail out during online matches of street fighter v.
Get a beautiful, free copy of 1984 by George Orwell here at Planet eBook. and then fetched up with a bump against the Newspeak word DOUBLETHINK. Jun 16, 2013 George Orwell's dystopian masterpiece, Nineteen Eighty-Four is perhaps the most pervasively influential book of the twentieth century, making. Джордж Оруэлл. 1984----- © Copyright George Orwell © Copyright Translation Виктор.
Jun 10, 2015 “1984” reveals the Orwell's grim vision of the future. The new political system is called Ingsoc or English Socialism and is PDF Download. 0100021.txt Language: English Date first posted: August 2001 Date most recently updated: November 2008 Project Gutenberg of Australia eBooks are created. George Orwell (25 June 1903 – 21 January 1950), whose original name was Eric Arthur Blair, was an English author and journalist. His work is marked by keen. EPUB (with images) //www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/158.epub.images?session_id=8775d7ab2620b7b5650c14be58297e599140871f 361 kB EPUB (no images) //www.gutenberg.org/ebooks. Cкачать книги fb2 бесплатно можно абсолютно для любой модели планшета или электронной книги.
Ideal LNB for use with Multi feed Arms because of it's "Bullet" shaped Feedhorn, and narrow profile ideal when you need satellites which are 3 degrees apart conventional LNB's need to be physically occupying the same space
The Alps LNB is made in Europe to the highest technical standard - Alps don't make loss claims because they acknowledge that most claims of their competitors are exaggerated - what they will say is that tested against the best LNB's on the market you can expect similar performance from the Alps LNB in terms of any losses being barely measurable
A good LNB can't compensate for a Bad dish or poor quality cable make sure that close attention is paid to the other elements of your system - HISAT have stock of the best Dishes These are Gibertini and the best 100% Copper core and screened Cable
The LNB is finished in a light grey durable plastic meaning it will not attract heat like some LNB which have a dark colour
If you're in Vancouver, check out the city's biggest indie craft fair, featuring local artists and designers, as well as some delicious treats from our friends at Bake Sale!
Got Craft takes place this Sunday, May 8 at the Royal Canadian Legion on Commercial Drive. The first 45 people in the door get a free swag bag filled to the brim with goodies from all of the vendors!! Doors open at 10am, so get there bright and early!! Plus, it's Mother's Day, so it's a great place to grab some gifts!
If you work from home, you already know how many distractions there can be. My nemesis/distraction happens to be the laundry. The bigger the project, the taller my clean washing pile. Whether you’re a serial cleaner, organiser or Internet surfer, you’re not alone. It takes discipline to focus and complete tasks when you work from…
The breathtaking images below, is other parts of Light Bulb Color Chart written piece which is arranged within General Chart, light bulb colour temperature chart, light bulb types chart color, philips light bulb color chart and published at October 30th, 2018 11:10:27 AM by dornboxbikes.
Thanks to Asia Friendfinder, I’ve found my true love and look forward to a life time of happiness." Wendy T."I was looking for someone I can build a meaningful relationship and I was so tired of the bar and lounge scene because I think single people are there for the wrong reasons.
I’ve heard about many successful relationships starting from online dating and wish I would’ve joined Asia Friendfinder earlier.
These are people who want to skip pass the "struggle" in life and find someone who has already made it.
They enjoy the company of the rich and powerful and have little difficulty fitting into this unique type of lifestyle.
Sugar Babies Dating is just another way to look at how relationships are formed on this remarkable website.
Because they are well off, they are looking for that special someone who fits their lifestyle and their needs.
This is a person they can dote on and take on exotic vacations while living comfortably in their home.
Read Lovestruck’s selection of date ideas if you are about to meet someone interesting, say for a first date, but don’t know what to do or where to go? If speed dating or blind dates aren't for you, online dating in London and our apps make meeting singles so easy!
Here is our collection of fabulous, fun and unusual date ideas for London: Frankly, we all want to fall in love. We're busy, we work long hours, we have to commute into town and we have demanding social lives (ok, so we just like hanging out with our friends a lot). That’s where we come in – is a multi award-winning online dating site (website, i Phone and Android apps) that lets you date other London singles that live, work or simply are nearby.
Our experts tested every major online dating site, ranking each below based on size, usability, success rate, and more. Browse profiles on any of the best dating sites 100% free: Dating is a free online resource that offers valuable content and comparison services to users.
You must agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement in order to become or remain an authorized user of the Service.
At speed dating events for singles you get to connect with about 10 to 20 interesting single people at great city upmarket bars and restaurants.
BLASTINGNEWS.COM Court declares raid and seizure at the Church unlawful, and grants no appeal. In a significant decision, today the Church won a major victory when the Central District Court of Buda declared that the raid on the Church by the National Bureau of Investigation (NNI) was unlawful. As a result, the National Bureau of[…]
Arabic Basque Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Irish Italian Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Maltese Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Scottish Gaelic Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Uzbek
Since the restoration of independence in 1991, Latvia has been pursuing full economic and political integration into European and world structures.
Latvia has the largest otter population in Europe, and there is a much greater chance of seeing the rare black stork in Latvia’s forests than in any other European country.
European Veterans Championship 2018 ended in Belarus. The winner of the championship is Ivan Kostionow from Russia with 12 points. Evgeni Gurkov from Russia got also 12 points and silver medal and Jakov Shaus became third with 11 points. All …
On September 16-22 in Vilnius, Lithuania the 2017 European Team Championships were held. The winner on main tournament is Russia, followed by Belarus and Lithuania I. On women’s tournament the top 3 teams: Belarus, followed by Ukraine and Latvia. Full …
Archiv Select Month September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) January 2014 (2) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (2) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (3) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (4) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (5) November 2011 (8) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (5) August 2011 (5) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (4) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (4) December 2009 (1) October 2009 (13)
The workshop is a follow-up of earlier well-attended discussions on privacy protection and freedom of expression in relation to social networks at IGFs conducted by UNESCO since 2008. UNESCO will use the event as an opportunity to present the findings of a global research study aimed at mapping the issues in the current regulatory landscape with regard to Internet privacy, and to provide an overview of legal protection, self-regulatory guidelines, challenges, and case studies relating to the topic. This research was inspired by previous IGF debates on the issue and aims to inform and benefit all IGF stakeholders by giving a global picture of current trends related to privacy and freedom of expression. By providing up-to-date and accurate information on emerging issues which require immediate attention in developed and developing countries, the research will provide policymakers in specific countries with an accessible source that they can use to build upon, relating to the issues and regulations that already exist in other nations. It will also allow comparison of a number of regulatory approaches around the world. The research paper also gives information about reference materials that policymakers can use to further investigate each of the subjects that are highlighted. Given the increasing debate on privacy issues at global level, this Research Launch Workshop seeks to attract global policy makers, industry leaders, civil society, legal experts and other stakeholders, bringing them together to engage in dialogue and exchange views on feasible approaches and policy recommendations that are conducive to privacy protection without compromising freedom of expression. UNESCO, as enshrined within its Constitution, promotes the free flow of ideas by word and image, and has accordingly committed itself to enabling a free, open and accessible Internet space as part of promoting comprehensive freedom of expression both online and offline. On this basis, UNESCO has fully engaged in providing normative and technical assistance through research in this area to Member States and other stakeholders on mainstreaming the principle of FOE in Internet policy making, including in privacy protection. UNESCO will continue to provide a platform for exchange of good practices and international collaboration on privacy protection through a multi-stakeholder approach within the global Internet governance process.
Director, Division of Freedom of Expression and Media Development, Communication and Information Sector, UNESCO
9:05 Presentation of the report by Mr Andrew Puddephatt, Director of Global Partners & Associates, and Ben Wagner, Researcher at the European University Institute in Florence and Associate of Global Partners & Associates
This document library contains a historical record of information related to the Ventura River watershed, including newspaper articles, policy statements, minutes and other data. The issues facing the Ventura River watershed have deep historical roots. Moreover, the issues often re-present themselves in the face of development and competing interests.
The documents in this library are organized by category. Also found here, the Friends Archive contains documents dating back several decades. The Friends Archive is an ongoing effort to scan and make available online documents that have been stored away in paper format. The library’s documents are also tagged with keywords to aid search results.
We send an occasional newsletter with directly relevant information. We keep your email address absolutely private. You can one-click unsubscribe at any time
I love strategy MMO games like Evony but after getting tired of the latest lack of Evony updates I went looking for other games on this niche. After trying numerous video games I’ve put collectively this assortment of nice MMO strategy games for fans of this straightforward however enjoyable genre.
PrimaryGames is the fun place to learn and play! Play cool games , math video games, reading games, woman video games, puzzles, sports activities games, print coloring pages, read online storybooks, and hang out with associates while enjoying one of the many digital worlds discovered on PrimaryGames. Play your favourite Virtual Worlds right right here on PrimaryGames. We have popular games like Fantage , ourWorld , and Moshi Monsters in our virtual worlds section. All games are free to play and new content material is added every week. We work exhausting to bring you finest gaming content on the web! Each sport is reviewed to make sure that is is protected for all ages. With over 1,000 flash game titles and growing we now have the most important collection of cool games online. Whether you like Adventure or Racing , Classic Arcade or Action , Strategy Puzzles or Dress Up video games, we’ve got one thing for you!
In these military video games, when your planet or country was attacked by aliens, zombies and different enemies, that you must dispatch your army to defend these dangerous guys using guns, bombs and different lethal weapons. When you need to broaden your territory, you additionally need your army to complete this job. kill the enemy bravely, press forward with indomitable will, whenever you want them, they’ll struggle for you. Being a leader will not be as easy as you thought, it need so many effort and expertise. So in case you are not proficient enough, don’t attempt simply or you will lose your conflict and your armies’ life.
You know, this is actually only a checklist of RTS games. Anno is a really non-C&C sport, as is StarCraft, to a lesser diploma. Supreme Commander is more grand scale, in contrast to C&C which is more micro-intensive. Act of War is maybe probably the most C&C like of these. Games like Earth 21xx will not be even talked about (admittedly, 2150 is kind of old and 2160 is form of low high quality). Anyway, that’s not to say any of those are bad video games or ones C&C players wouldn’t get pleasure from. It’s simply that the one similarity is that the changes are in the same genre (although, Anno is arguably not), in fact video games of the same genre are similar.
AoE has been one of the most commercially successful franchises inside the strategy genre and is usually considered to be top-of-the-line within the genre, with energetic communities still obtainable for every title despite the age of the games. Age of Empires is also credited for influencing many games within the style, and for developing it into its current state via its gameplay innovation. Six completely different army sounds are included with the flashcards. Exciting sounds may be heard once you faucet the photographs. Deepak Mehra, the army attaché of the Embassy of India in Russia, told RBTH in 2016 that International Army Games would stimulate additional growth of bilateral military and protection cooperation between Russia and India. The sport affords deep gameplay with is filled with motion and is available free of charge online which does improve the accessibility of the sport.
One of these is actually (...) , these types of polo t-shirts are often precious using a lot of and tend to be wellPolos Pas Cher recognized in relation to bed-linen. The girl started out your ex performing profession in 1952 and also right after appearing within Sixteen videos started to be world-famous due to her function inside debatable video And also The almighty Produced Female.
Basically (...) , When He created him http://www.mujerescafeguatemala.com ,a big traffic,aid in the them making use of their Soundclick's internal features and best regarding all are There are 1.a lot of people assume that simply adopting an all in one gluten free of charge list plan not only can they eliminate carbs as if that's the case The fact of the matter may be the gluten free of charge and carb free of charge 're two ach and ev
Has your life been dull and lacking luster? Enjoy a Christian blog on the creative power available in Christ. This Reformation series is impacting the body of Christ bringing restored passion and renewed strength. All of creation groans awaiting the manifestation of the sons of God. http://krinkleuggs4185.webs.com It is time for the world to experience the creativity of Christ flowing through you.
Conveyor belt cleaning system is a powerful cleaning system that cleans, sanitized and dries conveyor belts even during production, cleaning organically without any chemicals. It is an industrial solution system that offers a portable deep steam cleaning and sanitizing system for conveyor belts to become microorganism free without the use of any contaminating chemicals. It is completely green technology, 100% organic.
dignified and inclusive beauty, equipment modernization, all breathless, (...) , after all, I really like cooperation and Scott.
will allow me to continue to explore it more little-known truth. refinement of the content and the ability of the students' learning, http://www.linkslondon2013.co.uk/ , the classroom is not only a place to learn knowledge, kettle? hook?? ╄? but of those who Newspapers selling point, March 5, really is not cute, http://www.salebridesm
forcing them to learn more about modify their unsubstantiated marketing claims as well as Horizon DHA milk products Dean Foods also faces an all in one consumer class-action lawsuit alleging false and misleading public realtions concerning Horizon milk products leaving DHA http://www.mujerescafeguatemala.com .changing your attempts for more information regarding contact his office, Late.Legend a number of us found an all in one dark son, Express, One signs oversight that working lady and the ladies generall
The beautiful crystals have added the magical finishing touch to countless bridal gowns, (...) . Just get some for yourself, (...) . tiffanys performed the Girls Aloud song 'Love Machine' on the UK version of the show. In addition to the designer names in the marketplace, ladies different celebrities which are currently linked to producing sunglasses Britney Spears, Laure
When the fog of overwhelming stress clouds our thoughts there’s a danger we could soon be drifting into non-productivity land. Here are three quick and easy ways to sail through the day with a clear and focused head.
Tackling #AntibioticResistance is vital. World Antibiotic Awareness Week is next month (12th-18th Nov). Here's a round-up of @cochranecollab reviews assessing the effectiveness & safety of #antibiotics for various health issues: https://t.co/UcJcPEc72v pic.twitter.com/lsfzDxxzdh
Mercedes-Benz will present a new edition of its prosperous C-Class at the Geneva Motor Demonstrate. The new edition of the C-Course will be offered equally as a common manufacturing design and as a racing model which is specially designed for the German Touring Automobile Masters or DTM.Mercedes Benz CLS http://sizeugg4185.webs.com Brabus RocketIn connection with its Vision C 220 BLUETEC, Mercedes-Benz will also unveil its environmentally appropriate BLUETEC technologies in mixture with a 4-cylinder engi
SONAM KAPOOR looked her most effective when she appeared for the very first look with the film Mausam's trailer. The two-minute trailer in the film was released at PVR Cinemas in Juhu, (...) , Mumbai, on Monday, July 11. The actress, who was looking breathtaking in her one-shouldered Grey Emanuel Ungaro gown, and was accompanied with her co-star Shahid Kapoor.
Today, BoF exclusively brings you Savigny Partners’ blow-by-blow analysis of the rapidly shifting luxury fashion business model which is undergoing transformation due to underlying shifts in consumer values, technology and globalisation
LONDON, United Kingdom Luxury fashion is a very exciting business which can generate substantial returns if you get the formula right. Not only is there the ability to charge up to ten times the cost of manufacturing a garment and the potential to build a global b
Produced by more than just-use-Abrupt fights of all naughtiness that will help with regard to more secure pet make their way, Our own dog Lulu creates a good number of articles. Your partner amusement, Frisky lifestyle surely hues my own, unbiassed. It is difficult to be nutty this kind of get, Even if it has deleted shoes and boots, Alligator-Destined products additionally countless canine beds.
'clock, http://www.afenligne.fr , the reporter saw in the 4th East move homes Lane, which is a pharmacy sign hanging above the "of Yi Kang big drugstore cite shop, http://www.gclient.de/customize.php . Pharmacies rolling gates below, (...) , as had been prized open a big mouth, the police through there and out of the crime scene, (...) . Pharmacies is approximately 30 square meters, the pulverized glass door rolling gates, st
It demonstrated a multi functional damaged for more information regarding learn and going to be the willingness for more information on fight constantly and then for an education. This is that because going to be the ability for additional details on total some top virtually about business the game of golf and even just multimedia greens or at best any kind to do with program offered at a multi function university this particular means that all your family 're able for more information about learn http
No one is ignorant from the fact that the problem of junk is seen in households. It is necessary to remove the junk from your home at the earliest possible as it brings negative energy in the house. Now, before you can get the junk removed it is essential to know what options are available for getting rid of the junk from your home.
I AM REALLY IMPRESSED WITH INSIGHT GLOBAL!! Thank you for the suggestions! This is an excellent email. Not once in my career has a staffing firm took the time to invest in a potential employee and prepare them for an interview. I'M genuinely impressed with how Insight Global, INC goes about their organization, and I look forward to possibly working with you within the near future.I GOT HIRED ON PRIOR TO I HAD A FORMAL INTERVIEW!!! I got hired on prior to I had a formal interview, and as it turned out t
Authentic Louis vuitton bag to shed pounds can be the case challenging resulting back and forth from number concerning as an aside available in the number. Owners regarding a multi functional realistic Louis vuitton bag very often are ach and every attracted to learn more about them greatly assist intricate design along so that you have their value. Resulting back and forth from bear in mind dog owners, http://www.louisvuittonbuyjap
Freight is technically the term used to describe the cargo for shipment. Air freight, on the other hand, is the cargo that is being shipped via air. This may be done using typical passenger airplane aboard the cargo area or through specialized cargo planes dedicated for this special industry.
It is primarily divided into three categories: a) household goods, b) express deliveries, c) parcel shipment, and d) freight shipments.
If you are currently in the market for new car tyres, it is very important that you know what tyre size it is that you need. After all, you wouldn't go shopping for some http://ugg5220.webs.com new clothes without first knowing what size you needed. You'd probably end up purchasing clothes in the wrong size, which would either not fit, or fall off. Basically, it's the same with tyres - although the consequences are slightly more dangerous.
@WoncaWorld Awards' Ceremony. Up standing global #familymedicine around the world with @DoctoraVCasado as 5 Star Doctor. A honour to work with her in @WONCA_QSafety and @semfyc_int and @sanoysalvoblog to improve #Quality and #ptsafety in #Primaryhealthcare. pic.twitter.com/4LLuvbBmdV
@WONCA_QSafety @semfyc_int @sanoysalvoblog. Open ceremony of @WoncaWorld Council. @AmandaCHowe &@GarthManning1 conducting the meeting with Spanish translation available for all the meeting. Empowering Family Doctors from Spanish speaking countries. pic.twitter.com/BkzLg2Wc2o
This class forms part of the Open Section for Vegetables and Fruit, and is covered by Show Regulations printed in the schedule.
Bucket size – maximum diameter 12” (approx 30cms), volume not to exceed 3 gallons (approx 13.5 litres). Remember this will be heavy, and you will have to bring it to the Show Field. The potatoes must not be grown in a greenhouse or poly-tunnel.
The potato crop will be judged on weight. In the event of a tie, the crop will be judged on quality, according to RHS rules.
The tops of the potatoes should be cut to approx. 4”. Do not dig up your crop yourself. This will be done during judging. The bucket will be emptied, the crop weighed, soil placed back in the bucket and the potatoes piled on top.
Comments: All I can say that this black currant is a heaven scent. I wish I purchased a larger size. It's perfect for me. Not too soft or too strong.
Comments: I love this scent. It's juicy without being sweet. Every person that has smelled it also loves it. It did well in CP with no discoloration / acceleration. I see this becoming a customer favorite and staple in my collection.
"WOW! I cannot believe your selection! I wish I started shopping here a long time ago! :) Love the site, love the product availability."
Natural Sourcing, LLC will appear as the business name on your credit card statements and also through the PayPal system.
Natural Sourcing, LLC (and its From Nature With Love trademark) is a B2B wholesale supplier that serves experienced, professional beauty and personal care product manufacturers, soapmakers and aspiring artisans. The contents of our Web site, blog, social media and print materials have not been evaluated by the FDA. The information that we supply is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or illness. Although we strive to be as accurate as possible, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information that is provided. It is up to our customers to adequately research the appropriate applications, usage rates and safety information for each ingredient/product purchased, including any governmental regulations in place for proper usage, labeling and sale. We do not perform testing on animals nor do we purchase natural ingredients from companies that test on animals.
Kanban is evolutionary change for your business. It’s about not trying to change anything….initially. It’s about making your existing process visible and limiting your work in progress (WIP). Some people refer to Kanban as a framework, a method, a system for managing work. We chose Kanban because of the strong functional silos in this particular organization where we didn’t feel an Agile or Scrum approach would work.
We started by Kanbanizing functional teams and overall process. Over time, we killed our functional Kanban boards and moved to project boards. Was it evolutionary? Maybe, one thought we had after-the-fact was that it could have actually reenforced the functional silos simply because people saw “requirements – > development -> test” columns on the board. Hindsight is 20/20, we have no way of knowing if ripping the bandaid off with Scrum would have been better.
I payed the extra shipping fee you asked me about 6 months ago but still no book? Will you ever send any book to your poor Swede fan?
Sorry Sweden! I totally ran out of funds after the last wave of shipments. I'm doing a gig now that'll raise the $. You're on the top of the list. I should be able to ship yours out in about a week. ;)
Great, I'll be sitting here looking at my mailbox. You know I never downloaded the PDF of the book because I didn't want to ruin the experience of the physical book. ...Hm I kinda regret that now. Do you think I can get the chance to download again after I get the book?
Just wanted to say that I got the book and stuff this weekend and it made me fall in love with your comic again. Wonderful. I must say that it is one of the best comics I have read.
So, having established that skill systems are not inherently evil, nor inherently anti-Old School, and that they, at some level of granularity, are necessary for D&D, if not all RPGs, we move now to the objection to thieves that we've been leading up to for a while: thief classes necessitate skill systems.
We've already established, however, that skill systems are in D&D from the beginning, even before thieves show up in (I think, from what I've read) Greyhawk. So we're going to have to modify this objection some. I think that this objection has more to do with thieves necessitating, or at least encouraging, skill systems that do what I described in this post, that is, that the existence of thief classes necessitates the existence of a skill system that encourages players to solve problems with abstract dice throwing and not concrete creativity.
The question, then, becomes how we can create a skill system that encourages concrete creativity and not abstract dice throwing. I think there are at least two ways to do this.
One is to go the route of Rob Conley in the Majestic Wilderlands: abstract, general skills. He creates a skill system with a bit more granularity than mere attribute checks; that is, each attribute is divided up into a few broad skills, each of which may receive bonuses based on class or some other factor. For example, Dexterity is divided into Climbing, Legerdemain (manual dexterity- pickpocketing, sleight-of-hand, disarming traps), and Stealth. (I assume that any Dexterity-based actions that don't fall under these broad categories would just get straight attribute checks.) These abstract skills encourage concrete descriptions in the same way that just using skill checks does: the skills are so abstract that the player isn't exactly sure how the ref will adjudicate what he wants to do, so he describes his actions concretely and lets the ref figure out what dice to roll against what number. This is all well and good, but it's not to my personal taste right now; I'm enjoying how well attribute checks work for me in this way at the moment and don't really see the need to split them up like this in my own game.
The other way of designing a skill system that encourages concrete description is to use skills that are for concrete, exact tasks, but to ensure that these tasks are tasks that can't (or won't) be described easily at the table.
For example, a skill system like this might include a "Lockpick" skill because (unless you want to add a mini-game or have a lock at the table or are familiar enough with picking locks that you can easily have a conversation about picking an imaginary lock) that's not something that can easily be modeled at the table: it's not the focus of the game and, like combat, it's much easier to abstract the details away and move on to further exploration.
By contrast, this kind of skill system would probably not include a "Find Traps" or "Disable Traps" skill. These are things that are easily described in concrete ways by your average player: "Grom prods the floor all around with his 10 foot pole," "Bill shines his bullseye lantern around the ceiling, looking for anything unusual," "Robert looks the chest over carefully and scrapes off the grime you mentioned from around the lock to check for any holes for poison needles," "Grom cuts the tripwire and carefully ties it to a stake he's hammered into the ground but out of the way," "Bill sets the end of his rope on fire and catches it on the rope of the pendulum trap to catch that rope on fire and destroy the trap," "Robert takes some large wooden splinters and stuffs them into the poison needle hole he's found," etc., etc.
This is the way I want to go with the Scoundrel: Each Scoundrel will have a collection of abilities and skills that the player has chosen from many options. This will allow for both the ability to shape Scoundrels to each player or ref's concept (a ref can disallow certain abilities or skills to fit his vision for the campaign or for the Scoundrel), and the fact that the archetype I'm going for here is one that picks up, opportunistically, whatever skills and abilities he can as he goes along; by the very nature of the Scoundrel, there is no defined path to stay on by discipline and will power because Scoundrels are opportunistic and almost always undisciplined. Abilities will, like with all classes, be exclusive to the Scoundrel, while skills will, by definition, be available to all classes; in fact, I would argue that each character, regardless of class, should start with a base chance of success in each skill. Just as fighters have better chances of hitting opponents in fighting but everyone has some chance, though, Scoundrels will be allowed to progress is skills more quickly than other classes if they so choose.
The main work, then, of creating the Scoundrel will be figuring out the mechanics of the skill system and figuring out what abilities and skills should be available. I've got some help on both of these tasks from around the OSR blogosphere that will prove invaluable as I go about doing this. Next time, we'll see if we can hammer out a good skill system mechanic.
When we encountered a trap or a puzzle, we had to work them out for ourselves; we couldn't just "make a Spot check at DC 15" to find what we needed. The longer I am involved in old school gaming, the more convinced I am that that is the crux of the difference between older games and newer ones…[R]olling dice should never be a substitute for individual cleverness and creative thinking. -James Malezewski
OD&D is not and never has been about who is most powerful; it is about teamwork and having fun by overcoming obstacles together. -David Bowman
The point isn't to make role-playing some sort of masochistic experience where it's all suffering and death and pain and failure. The point is, if all these things are real and present dangers, then success means more. -James Edward Raggi IV
OSR cliche: "We don't explore characters, we explore dungeons". Not exactly. I think the idea is more: what thing do you use as rocket fuel until the campaign gets into orbit and goes where it wants to go? I use a dungeon to get there. Freak monsters and puzzle traps are the selling point--but once the campaign gets into orbit it goes where it goes. Different gamers may all end up in the same kind of campaigns but they were sold on getting into that rocket ship for the same reason. -Zak Smith
Referees/DMs/Labyrinth Lords (or whatever you want to call them) are indeed the final arbiter of the rules and have the final word on what happens inside their world; however, each and every one of us who run an RPG have made the choice to cede that control to our players by the very nature of playing the game. If we wanted total control, we would write short stories, novellas and novels, not play RPGs. The dice are the mechanism by which we cede that control – they are the means by which player choices are validated every time they choose to do something dangerous. -FrDave
Enforcing the written rules is a small part of being a good DM. In my experience the players will respect that you want to keep the game moving as long as they are convinced that you are not an adversarial DM. I can smile while giving my players all sorts of bad news. And they don't blink when I run roughshod over their notions of how D&D works. How can I get away with this? Because they trust that I'm there to have a good time with them, not against them. Show that you will call things down the middle, but will give them every chance when you're in a grey area. Let them use and abuse the tricks on their character sheets and the crazy plans they come up with. Then when you kill them they'll understand that it wasn't anything personal. -Jeff Rients
Today's post is about Magic-Users who attended and graduated from an Academy of Magic. Like yesterday, I'm going to try to save description that isn't related to the mechanical until later; hopefully this will result in a shorter post than yesterday.
A Graduate of one of the Academies of Magic leaves his Alma Mater with a Book of First Level Spells in hand. This book contains all the first level spells that are known to the faculty at the Academy. When sufficient funds are raised, the Magic-User is allowed to buy the Book of Second Level Spells, the Book of Third Level Spells, and so forth; similar to modern university textbooks, these texts are over-priced. They are also basically huge scrolls, so the Magic-User must copy them over into his own spell book in order to be able to memorize them. (The Academies and which spells they have in their spell books are generated using this method.)
Sadly, the Academies of Magic are not solely dedicated to the understanding and use of magic; byzantine politics distract professors and students find it difficult to compete with each other for enough attention and training to fully grasp the principles of magic in a deep, exhaustive way. Because of this relatively more shallow understanding of magic, compared to apprentices of independent Magic-Users, graduates from Academies of Magic might not be able to master a spell upon first casting Read Magic upon it. Each time a graduate tries to learn a new spell, the player must roll at or below the graduate's Intelligence score or the graduate will not be able to master the spell; the graduate may not attempt to learn the spell again until a new level is gained, at which point another Intelligence check is allowed to determine whether the graduate's increased skill, knowledge and understanding have made the spell accessible to the graduate. Note that the graduate will normally roll on every spell in a Book of N Level Spells after buying it. Possession of these texts do not automatically constitute being able to use every spell within; in fact, it's unlikely.
Alumni of an Academy of Magic may pay (100 gp/hour or fraction thereof) to have "office hours" with a professor, who, so far as mechanics are concerned, may be treated as a sage but isn't limited to only serving that function; politics, role-playing, advice-giving and so forth are encouraged. If PCs bring a question or problem, along with new information of some sort, to a professor who specializes in a field related to the question or problem, there is a 1/6 chance that the professor will do the research for free out of gratitude and to encourage the PCs to bring further new information to him.
Each academy specializes in certain types of spells and magic and so graduates from each academy are able to cast certain spells more effectively than others. These will be detailed in future posts about the specific academies.
Each Academy of Magic has an extensive library which is open to all alumni free of cost. Graduates may freely research here, but they must still expend resources as normal when researching spells, since material components are used when figuring out spells. The precise value, and the mechanical benefits, of each academy vary and will be detailed in the future.
Graduates of an Academy of Magic are used to approaching magic in a workmanlike, methodical way that matches better with conducting rituals than the more thorough approach of independent Magic-Users. Still, their less complete understanding of magic keeps them from truly excelling with rituals; like independent Magic-Users, graduates of an Academy of Magic may cast rituals of one third their caster level (with the same component and time costs as well).
Interested in how the Spectrum & BBC Micro home computers helped to revolutionise the home computer industry in the UK? If so you should watch...
Have you ever played puzzle UNO? It’s a special card game. Do you know the rules of the UNO game? The player’s goal is to...
Word Chef Cookies is a puzzle game in which you can learn lots of words and increase your vocabulary. There are words on a white...
The glass is very sad because it is empty. All you have to do is draw a line, fill the glass with liquid, and make...
A WordPress.com account. Don’t have an account? All you need is an email address and password — register here!
Permission from the site owner. Once you've created an account, log in and revisit this screen to request an invite.
﻿Savona - Inveruno - Serie D Girone A 2018 - 2019 - Live Diretta Tabellino Streaming 10/11/2018 - I AM CALCIO ALESSANDRIA
Shop the top Black Friday deals online at eBay, from popular Black Friday deals to one-of-a-kind items in electronics,. luggage, small kitchen appliances,.Consultancy Salmon has forecast that Black Friday 2015 will become the UK.
New York Post. Share. Save 40 percent on all prefall and fall items this Black Friday, with deals continuing.Check out this list of the best Black Friday deals on technology products.
Try snagging some online deals with our Amazon Black Friday Headphones Deals 2016 list.By clicking Continue, I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Statement.
Save on a variety of gift ideas for everyone on your shopping list.Shop: Brown Bag Clothing Promotion: Black Friday Daily Deals Start Date: Today Typical Discount: 50% Sale Link: Visit Sale.Shop Target for luggage sets you will love at great low prices. categories deals. search reset go. Hybrid ABS Luggage Set in Black.
For more than 50 years, The North Face has made activewear and outdoor sports gear that exceeds your expectations.Get access to great Black Friday coupons, huge sales, and exclusive offers only on Staples.com.
Your choice of materials and design also lend themselves to professional contexts (think leather instead of polyester).
Below are our hand picked choices of the very best deals, from Black Friday deals that are still.Celine Outlet Online Store -70%OFF- Celine Belts Handbags Bags Black Friday - Cyber Monday deals sale 2017.Enjoy The most recent Celine Sale With Authentic Top.
If you travel frequently, a luggage set with bags in different shapes and sizes offers maximum versatility.The Best Black Friday Deals of 2016. 60% off Samsonite luggage,. Shop our wide selection of Sales and Closeouts at Luggage Pros. Sales and Closeouts. Black (2590) Blue (809) Brown.
Find great Black Friday 2017 deals at your favorite Black Friday stores. Black Friday luggage and travel gear deals. 9 of the best selling travel accessories on Amazon Uk I am always on Amazon looking for travel accessories.About Groupon Jobs Blog Press Investor Relations Management Team In Your Community.
If you like to travel quickly, however, rolling luggage ensures that nothing you bring with you will slow you down.
Click to see the best priced travel and luggage deals that will be available during Black Friday and Thanksgiving 2017, both in retail stores and online.
Well in this review we will see is Instant PayDay Network Legit or. all you need to do is refer people to join the programs Express and Double my cash freebies.
Track This is My Cash Freebies Express,. it out and give my opinion on whether it seems legit or not, just shoot me an email, my.The idea is to create an account with Express MyCash Freebies and Double My Cash Freebies. If you have ever heard of Express My Cash Freebies then you know what to expect.
The Netatmo Weather Station contains a unique set of sensors to monitor your living environment's temperature, barometric pressure, humidity, carbon dioxide concentration, noise pollution, and more. The Netatmo App (iOS and Android) displays your Station’s indoor and outdoor measurements into clear and comprehensive dashboards, graphs and notifications.
Shipment deadlines 100% Satisfaction Warranty Free postage The lowest prices Safe Online orders Online customer support
Welcome to Trisha Stromsodt, Certified Public Accountant! Located in the city of Grand Forks, North Dakota, we serve our community with competence and dedication. Our firm specializes in individual and business income tax preparation, farm and small business consulting, personal and estate tax planning, and bookkeeping and payroll services. If you are looking to set up QuickBooks, we have a QuickBooks Certified Pro Advisor at Trisha Stromsodt, CPA. Our firm can help you set up QuickBooks, as well as provide training and support. Trisha Stromsodt, CPA is a professional accounting firm providing a broad spectrum of financial services.
Our firm provides professional accounting services with your interests and needs in mind. Investing in Grand Forks, North Dakota, Trisha Stromsodt CPA was built with the intention of serving the community. Established in 2002, we have roots in the area and have, since then, expanded and diversified to better serve you. Broadening our abilities and expertise have strengthened our ties to the community. We invite you to visit our website and contact us with your questions and inquiries.
Modern Periodic Law of element may be defined as the Physical and chemical properties of the elements are periodic functions of their atomic numbers. It means, when the elements are arranged in the order of their increasing atomic numbers, it is observed that the elements of similar properties recur at regular intervals or periodically. As a result of this, the elements fall in certain groups and lead to an arrangement called the modern periodic table of elements. It must be noted that elements are arranged in the periodic table in order of atomic numbers because atomic number is the most fundamental property of an element. The systematic arrangement of elements in modern periodic table according their atomic number helps in justification of isotopes of elements at one place.
In chemistry periodicity of elements means the recurrence of similar properties of the elements after certain regular intervals when they are arranged in the order of increasing atomic numbers.
The cause of periodicity of the properties of elements is the repetition of similar electronic configuration of their atoms in the outermost energy shell (or valence shell) after certain regular intervals. To explain the cause of periodicity of elements we are taking two examples.
The chemical properties of all alkali metals resemble each other. This is due to the fact that chemical properties of elements depend primarily on the arrangement of electrons in the outermost shell (valence shell). The electronic configuration of the atoms of alkali metal group shows that all the alkali metals have one electron in their outermost s-orbital. So, their electronic configuration may be represented as (noble gas) ns1.
Similarly, all the members of the halogen family have 7 electrons in the valence shell i.e. two electrons in the s-orbital and five electrons in the p-orbital of the valence shell. The general electronic configuration of halogens may be expressed as ns2 np5. Thus, all the halogens have similar chemical properties due to same outer-shell electronic configuration.
The modern periodic table was constructed by the Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleyev in 1869. The modern periodic table consists of horizontal rows called periods and vertical columns called groups. These are discussed below:
A period may be defined as horizontal row in the periodic table. In terms of electronic structure of the atom, a period constitutes a series of elements whose atoms have the same number of electron shells i.e. principal quantum number (n). Each successive period in the periodic table is associated with the filling of the next higher principal energy level (n = 1, n = 2, n = 3, etc.) There are seven periods and each period starts with a different principal quantum number.
Reading across a period from left to right, the number of electrons in the outer shell or subshell of the element increases.
The first period corresponding to n = 1 is unique because it contains only two elements. First energy shell (K) has only one orbital (i.e. 1s) which can accommodate only two electrons. This means that there can be only two elements. Hydrogen (1s1) and Helium (1s2).
The second period contains 8 elements because for n = 2, there are four orbitals (one 2s and three 2p) in second energy shell (L). In all, these four orbitals have a capacity of eight electrons and, therefore, second period has eight elements in it. It starts with lithium (Z = 3) in which one electron enters the 2s-orbital. The period ends with neon (Z = 10) in which the second shell is complete (2s2 2p6).
There are eighteen elements in fourth period from potassium (Z = 19) to krypton (Z = 36). In this period, we come across elements which involve the filling of 3d orbitals. These are known as transition series of elements. This starts from scandium (Z = 21) which has electronic configuration 3d1 4s2 and ends at zinc (Z = 30) with 3d orbitals completely filled having electronic configuration 3d10 4s2.
The fifth period like the fourth period also consists of 18 elements. It begins with rubidium (Z = 37) with filling of 5s-orbital and ends at xenon (Z = 54) with the filling up of the 5p-orbitals. This period also contains 10 elements of 4d transition series starting at yttrium (Z = 39).
The sixth period contain 32 elements (Z = 55 to 86). In addition to 10 elements of 5d transition series, this period contains 14 elements which involve filling up of 4f orbitals beginning from Cerium (Z = 58) to Lutetium (Z = 71). The series of elements are called inner transition series or lanthanoid series.
The Seventh period is similar to the sixth period. Though expected to have 32 elements, this period is incomplete and contains only 29 elements at present. This period is expected to end at the element with atomic number 118, which would belong to the noble gas family. This period also contains 14 elements which involve the filling of 5f orbitals starting from actinium (Z = 89). This is also called 5f-inner transition series or actinoid series.
The first three periods containing 2, 8 and 8 elements respectively are called short periods, the next three periods containing 18,18 and 32 elements respectively are called long periods.
A group may be defined as vertical column in the periodic table. In terms of electronic structure of the atom, a group constitutes a series of elements whose atoms have the same outermost electronic configurations. There are 18 groups in the long form of the periodic table. According to the new recommendations of international Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), the groups are numbered from 1 to 18.
Each group contains elements that tend to react chemically in similar ways, because they all have atoms in which the arrangement of electrons around the nucleus is similar. Some groups in the periodic table are given special names e.g.
The first two groups on the extreme left and last six groups on the extreme right involve the filling of s- and p- orbitals, respectively, These groups represent the main groups of the periodic table and are numbered as 1, 2, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18. The elements present in these groups are known as normal elements or representative elements.
The ten groups lie in between first two and last six groups i.e. between group 2 and group 13. These are numbered from 3 to 12. The elements present in these groups are called transition elements. The name is derived from the fact that they represent transition (change) in character from reactive metals (elements of groups 1 and 2) on one side to the non-metals (elements of group 13 to 18) on the other side.
There are two more rows at the bottom of the periodic table. These rows consist of fourteen elements after lanthanum (Z = 57) and fourteen elements which follow actinium (Z = 89). These are placed separately in the periodic table to save space and avoid undue sidewise expansion of the periodic table. The elements in the first row, starting from cerium are called lanthanoids (or lanthanides) and the elements present in the second row starting from thorium are called actinoids (or actinides). These lanthanoids and actinoids together are called inner transition elements or rare earth metals and these are built up by filling of f-orbitals.
All the existing elements in the modern periodic table is divided into four main segments or blocks. A block consists of groups of elements having similar electronic configurations and properties. These are called s block, p block, d block and f-block.
The elements in which the last electron enters the s-orbital of their outermost energy level are called s-block elements. It consists of elements of group 1 of modern periodic table and group 2 of modern periodic table having the ground state electronic configurations of outermost shell as ns1 and ns2 respectively (where n stands for outermost energy shell). The elements of first group on modern periodic table corresponding to ns1 configuration are called alkali metals while the elements of group 2 on modern periodic table corresponding to ns2 configuration are called alkaline earth metals. Thus the general electronic configuration of s-block elements may be expressed as : ns1 - 2
They are very reactive and readily form univalent ions (alkali metals) or bivalent ions (alkaline earth metals) by losing one or two valence electrons respectively.
The elements in which the last electron enters the p-orbital of their outermost energy level are called p block elements. The elements of groups 13 to 18 involving addition of one (ns2 np1), two (ns2 np2), three (ns2 np3), four (ns2 np4), five (ns2 np5), and six (ns2 np6) electrons respectively in p-orbitals are called p block elements. s-orbitals are already filled in their atoms. The general electronic configuration for the atoms of p block elements may be written as : ns2 np1-6
The elements of s-and p-block are collectively called representative elements. The elements of last group (18) having ns2 np6 configuration are called noble gases. All the orbitals in the valence shell of the noble gases are completely filled and they have no tendency to lose or gain electrons. Therefore, the noble gases exhibit very low reactivity. Preceding the noble gas family are two chemically important groups of non-metals. These are halogens (group 17) and chalcogens (group 16). These two groups of elements can readily accept one and two electrons respectively to attain noble gas configurations and form univalent and divalent negative ions.
The elements in which the last electron enters the d-orbitals of their last but one (called penultimate energy level) constitute d-block elements. This block consists of the elements lying between s and p blocks starting from fourth period and onwards. They constitute groups 3 to 12 in the periodic table. In these elements the outermost shell contains one or two electrons in their s-orbital (ns) but the last electron enters the last but one d-subshell i.e., (n-1)d. The general electronic configuration for the atoms of d-block elements may be written as (n-1) d1-10 ns0-2
These elements are also called transition elements because transition elements form a bridge between the chemically active metals of s-block elements and non-metals elements of p block. Therefore, they represent transition (change) in behaviour and take their familiar name "transition elements".
The d-block comprises three complete rows of ten elements and one incomplete row. These rows are called first, second and third transition series which involve the filling of 3d, 4d and 5d –orbitals respectively. These series are also called transition series.
Most of the transition elements such as Mn, Ni, Co, Cr, V, Pt and their compounds are used as catalysts.
The elements in which the last electron enters the f-orbitals of their atoms are called f-block elements. These consist of two series of elements placed at the bottom of the periodic table.
Lanthanoids or Lanthanides or rare earth metals: The first series follows lanthanum, La (Z= 57) and the elements present in this series from cerium to lutetium (58Ce – 71Lu) are called lanthaniods or lanthanides. These are also called rare earth elements.
Actinoids or Actinides: The second series follows actinium, Ac (Z = 89) and the elements present in this series from thorium to lawrencium (90Th - 103Lr) are called actionoids or actinides. These are of radioactive elements.
The general electronic configuration of f-block elements may be written as: (n-2) f1-14 (n-1) d0-2 ns2 The elements included in these two series are called inner transition elements, because they form transition series within the transition elements of d-block.
The 14-year-old Glenn is the 2014 U.S. national junior ladies champion. In addition, she won a silver medal at the 2012 U.S. nationals at the novice level.
“I’m very excited to have my official web page hosted by Figure Skaters Online,” Glenn said. “I can’t wait to see my name up there next to all the ladies that I have looked up to for so long. Thank you, Ms. Backman, for doing such a great job on the site design. As I start my first senior season, please check back often to see updates on the season’s progress.”
Glenn is coached by Ann Brumbaugh and Ben Shroats and represents the Stars Figure Skating Club of Texas. Brumbaugh also choreographs her programs.
Glenn debuted on the Junior Grand Prix (JGP) circuit this season winning a bronze at the JGP in the Czech Republic, her lone event. She has been named to the World Junior Championships team and will compete at the event in Sofia, Bulgaria from March 10-16.
Since the 1998-99 season, Figure Skaters Online (FSO) has proudly provided official websites for more than 70 nationally ranked skaters. The athletes participate in three disciplines of figure skating—ladies, men’s and pairs—at various competitive levels.
FSO invites any interested volunteer web designers and webmasters to join the team. For more information on becoming a part of FSO, please e-mail Gina Capellazzi.
Baume And Mercier Watches Tags : The Elegant baume and mercier watches for Cozy The Incredible unique womens watches with regard to Property. The Most Stylish along with Gorgeous dillards womens watches intended for Found Property.
The Incredible unique womens watches with regard to PropertyThe Incredible unique womens watches with regard to Property
The Most Stylish along with Gorgeous dillards womens watches intended for Found PropertyThe Most Stylish along with Gorgeous dillards womens watches intended for Found Property
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, October 12th, 2017 04:15:46 AM. 1760 X 2040 Womens Watches Dillards regarding Dillards Womens Watches
The Most Awesome in addition to Gorgeous michael kors female watches regarding Present ResidenceThe Most Awesome in addition to Gorgeous michael kors female watches regarding Present Residence
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, October 12th, 2017 08:09:13 AM. 1280 X 720 5 Best Fitness Trackers As Of November 2016 Youtube intended for Top Fitness Watches
Elegant as well as Interesting cheap automatic watches with regard to AspirationElegant as well as Interesting cheap automatic watches with regard to Aspiration
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, October 12th, 2017 10:27:52 AM. 1920 X 1280 2017 Wholesale Op Sell Aaa Watches Mans Automatic Watch Sapphire with regard to Cheap Automatic Watches
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, October 12th, 2017 12:23:21 PM. 1024 X 1024 Closer Rakuten Global Market With Hamilton American Classic for american made mens watches for House
By barokah. Watches. Published at Thursday, October 12th, 2017 16:14:55 PM. 1280 X 720 Hot Top Best Selling Fashion Dz09 Smart Watches Wristband Android with regard to Top Smart Watches
Bell And Ross Watches Denver Tags : bell and ross watches for House The Most Incredible ck watches for women regarding Aspiration. The Awesome in addition to Beautiful invicta reserve watches for men regarding Comfy.
By barokah. Watches. Published at Sunday, September 03rd, 2017 06:15:01 AM. 1600 X 1600 Br S Novarosa Full Diamonds Watch Bell Ross The Jewellery Editor throughout Bell And Ross Watches
The Most Incredible ck watches for women regarding AspirationThe Most Incredible ck watches for women regarding Aspiration
By barokah. Watches. Published at Sunday, August 06th, 2017 04:24:13 AM. 1200 X 1200 Shoppinghousepk Buy Ck Calvin Klein White Golden Chain Women throughout Ck Watches For Women
The Awesome in addition to Beautiful invicta reserve watches for men regarding ComfyThe Awesome in addition to Beautiful invicta reserve watches for men regarding Comfy
By barokah. Watches. Published at Sunday, August 06th, 2017 10:08:20 AM. 1000 X 1000 Invicta Reserve Mens 50mm Grand Diver Swiss Made Watch Titanium throughout The Awesome in addition to Beautiful invicta reserve watches for men regarding Comfy
The Most Brilliant relic men's kyle leather automatic skeleton watch with regard to DreamThe Most Brilliant relic men's kyle leather automatic skeleton watch with regard to Dream
By barokah. Watches. Published at Sunday, August 06th, 2017 14:30:38 PM. 1191 X 1488 2013 06 28193728 with regard to Relic Men's Kyle Leather Automatic Skeleton Watch
How many times have you been held up in traffic on a busy time rush hour on a State Highway, on a suburban bus route, main or trunk road, or near a school during opening or closing times? And later you realised the “avoidable jam” was created, and made worse by Auckland Council rubbish trucks. They seem to have a habit of collecting rubbish on busy roads during rush-hour. This appears to be an everyday happening now.
As a bus driver who starts quite early with school runs, I almost encounter this on a regular basis. And this has been confirmed by fellow bus-drivers as well. But the last chain of incidents took me to the edges of my tolerance. It was just before 7 am on a Friday morning, when we all were rushing to work. Lo and behold!, on State Highway 16 between Soljans Cafe and Brigham Creek Road roundabout (near Kumeu) in West Auckland, a Council truck was collecting rubbish from the busy road, holding traffic.
Traffic is forced to dodge rubbish collection trucks at busy school times in or around school zones. Such collection near schools need to be done only between lull in traffic. This gives them six hours, so why they need to create undue congestion at and around 8 am? Auckland Council surely needs proper planning and co-ordination.
Then an hour later, just around 8am on a busy Albany Highway just past the junction of Upper Harbour Drive in North Shore, I met another similar truck holding traffic while collecting rubbish. Then I proceeded up Sunset Road, (Unsworth Heights) in North Shore, which is also a trunk route for morning commuters, feeding into many schools. The same scenario, another hold up.
And this is not confined to mornings. I have also seen them on busy Taharoto Road and Northcote Road in Takapuna, Auckland in afternoon as well. I also encountered them during peak school time around 8am on Belmont Drive and Nile Road, which is just a stones throw away from three large schools in the area in Takapuna – Westlake Boys, Westlake Girls and Carmel College. School buses and school traffic have to dodge and squeeze through these nuisance on narrow roads.
This is Nile Road in Foresthill, Northshore. It is a stones throw away from four schools: Westlake Boys, Westlake Girls, Carmel College and Foresthill School. Yet on a Wedneday morning at 8.34 am, when buses and cars are busy in this area on this narrow road, Auckland Council Rubbish truck (right) was collecting rubbish. Note a school bus was forced to pass on the wrong side of the road at the traffic island, creating hazard.
The “golden mile” in Takapuna has following seven schools: St Joseph Catholic School, Rosmini College, Takapuna Normal Intermediate, Carmel College, Westlake Girls, Westlake Boys and Foresthill School. Some 2km stretch of road linking Foresthill Road, Wairau Road, Taharoto Road and Fred Thomas Drive, among them have these seven schools, adding to thousands of vehicular traffic during school opening and closing times. The last thing we need is uncoordinated and poorly planned-rubbish collection during busy times in and around these schools. I as a regular bus driver around these schools have encountered these trucks causing unnecessary traffic jams in morning and afternoons on a regular basis. This is what has prompted me to raise this issue.
Similar is the story around other areas of Auckland. Many have encountered these, but have not bothered to raise it as they see raising any issue with Auckland Council like whipping a dead horse. My site Auckland Council WATCH will take all concerns to the Council, and will send these articles links to ALL Auckland Councillors. I hope, as Chairpersons of various committees, they can pull up non-performing Managers to coordinate and plan their activities in respective portfolios in such a way that pose little disruptions to the City.
Why do rubbish colection trucks have to crowd up busy areas and around schools in mornings and afternoons? Why are parents and buses forced to squeeze between these hazards and cause hazard to other road users? Do you need to be a rocket scientist to plan rubbish collection schedule?
Auckland City is huge, with large residential and commercial areas. Therefore, Auckland Council needs to get its act together and identify and create critical areas 500m to 1km near schools, on Highways, bus routes and busy school or city traffic routes. They need to create a no-go zone for rubbish collection or any other Council activities between 6 -9am and 3-6pm, which disrupts traffic. They have six hours in a day when they can attend to such busy traffic areas, between 9 am and 3 pm.
- Create red zones near schools, on bus routes, on highways, busy trunk routes and roads feeding to schools. Rubbish in these areas should ONLY BE COLLECTED BETWEEN 9-3pm.
- They should create Green Zone in secluded parts of the respective collection zones, not contributing to any traffic chaos. They can service these areas in rush hour of 6-9am and 3-6pm.
- They should create orange zones in areas bordering the two, and apply discretion to fill their schedules.
You do not need a rocket scientist to plan activities in such a way as to have a win-win situation, without disrupting traffic. And Auckland Council has many highly paid officials to do this.
[About the Author; Thakur Ranjit Singh does what most qualified ethnic migrants do when they are not accepted in their qualified job market – drive. Thakur has Masters in Communication (MCS) with honours from AUT. He tried to join Auckland Council in its Media and Communications team. However, he was seen unsuitable to colour a White media and communications departmentf from an ethnic journalist who studied on Pacific Island Media Association (PIMA) Scholarship to add colour to a relatively "White" NZ media scene. He is a part-time bus driver, and knows Auckland extensively. Seeing the barriers to a White Media, he runs his blog, FIJI PUNDIT and is active on social media. Other observations of Auckland Council are to come later.]
Fijian Holdings Ltd Scandal : How Fijian Provinces were betrayed and looted by their trusted sons Thakur Ranjit Singh, (Initially pub...
Fiji's Failed Military Mutiny: The day Frank Bainimarama was supposed to die - a dark history of modern Fiji
Thakur Ranjit Singh Many will remember the 6pm news on 19 May, 2000, when George Speight and his goons had already kidnapped Fiji parli...
Thakur Ranjit Singh Rajendra Prasad’s second book on Fiji’s untold history was launched by Indian High Commissioner, His Excellency S...
By Guest Writer, Dr. Subhash Appana Dr Subhash Appana, Guest Writer of this article (See his details at bottom of this article) ...
Fiji Girmitiyas: Ordinary people did extraordinary things in extraordinary circumstances. Professor Brij V. Lal [Transcript and tra...
Why Indo-Fijians did not join Fiji army during the wars: What Girmitiya descendants need to know Thakur Ranjit Singh, Auckland, New ...
Thakur Ranjit Singh Radio Tarana – a radio station which saw its genesis at 5pm on 15th June 1996 has achieved momentous status in its 2...
Rajendra Prasad and Thakur Ranjit Singh [Fiji Girmit Foundation NZ, for educational purpose] History of a community is what ...
We are accepting applications for the FIL Launchpad Fall 2018 Cohort until October 26 at midnight. Apply using this link. Join our mailing list for more information.
FIL Launchpad is an intensive 12 week program for highly committed creative or social entrepreneurs who are ready to take their ideas and businesses to the next level. Our customized program provides selected entrepreneurs with vital information through weekly presentations, peer-to-peer learning, mentorship, access to a variety of subject matter experts and a community of entrepreneurs. Participants will gain competency in idea validation, market research, pricing, sales, marketing, branding, finances, developing and delivering a compelling story and pitch.
FIL Launchpad is for early-stage, high-impact and high-potential creative or social entrepreneurs. We encourage applications from women, immigrants, veterans, and other underrepresented groups. The ideal startup is comprised of a team, with each member bringing a unique set of skills that will help the enterprise succeed. However, exceptional solo entrepreneurs committed to putting it all on the line are also encouraged to apply. FIL Launchpad is particularly poised to support startups in creative industries and social enterprises but we welcome applicants with innovative ideas of all kinds to apply.
Selected finalists must commit to attending all of the weekly class sessions and workshops, meeting with their mentors, completing assigned work, which will require significant dedicated additional time working on their business on a weekly basis, and to being supportive of others in their cohort.
There is no application fee. If selected, the fee for participating in Launchpad is $150, which is a fraction of the cost and value of the program.
What I didn't know about the concert last night in Grenoble is that I'd play in a bastille on a mountaintop overlooking the city, and would ascend to the venue in a petit dangling egg. Lately France is delivering the goods.
Tonight I'll also play in an ancient fortress-like compound overlooking a city, this time Barcelona. Can Mas Deu was built in the fourteenth century, later used as a leper sanatorium, then ignored for many years as a ruin, it is now a squatted eco-community. It sits in a mountain greenbelt that defines the eastern edge of Barcelona, a ten minute walk and a world apart from towering blocks of apartments. Much to say about Can Mas Deu... it's community gardens, workshops, beer brewery, bakery, living nearly off the grid but right next to a metro station of a city of millions. This night celebrates their 7th anniversary. Seven years ago the police tried to evict them but failed. Their resistance tactic was to bolt chairs the hight exterior walls, climb out the windows, and sit in the chairs. Because the landscape doesn't permit the entrance of "cherry-picker" equipment that the police usually use for things like this, it was impossible to remove or arrest them. Tonight I'll deejay a bit, from 4am until 5am, that's about the time the sun rises out of the sea and bathes the terrace in angular orange light. I deejayed at their first anniversary at this same hour ago, and still remember. Metro Canyelles. If you come up tonight don't be scared by the herds of wild boars en route, at night they dumpster-dive the garbage from the apartment blocks.
We hit Hokkaido 2 weeks ago without the children. It was awesome, especially just driving the Levorg STI everywhere.
Hope you hit up some killer onsen up there YW! This is the photo from our favourite one from Fukuoka in March
Ah, I had a good time at the one in the hotel in Jozankei. We had one in our room too, that was also fun.
On another note, it's dangerous for me to be so near awesome Malaysian durians in HK. I've eaten 3 in the last 2 days, or rather, 5 in the last week.
Have to go back to Seoul next week for a meeting on Wednesday morning and I've got Tuesday night completely free if anyone is about and feels like dinner or drinks (I know fairly unlikely but it's always nice to be surprised)
Also looks like about an 80% chance that I might base myself out of Tokyo for 7 months or so once I get back from europe. It's likely that I'll need to be in Seoul regularly and our japanese offices are a bit of a mess and need some sorting out so it kinda makes sense to just move to Tokyo rather than flying up from Aus.
Prague. Yes, it does get the bucks party crowd but you can avoid them it it has gone to thr top of my list of ‘cities that are awesome to go drinking in’. And, if I may say so myself, this is a subject I’m a considered expert in.
Looks like I'm...ugh...going back to Tel Aviv again. Ended up parting ways with the rest of my coworkers and taking Air Canada over - shorter layovers in Toronto than the other flight options, and it's a 787-900 vs. the 777's that United likes to fly.
Hoping I made the right call, 'cause United sucks a whole lot, and having a 12 hour layover at SFO sounded soul-crushing. Happy to see at least that the 787 is in a 3-3-3 configuration rather than a 3-4-3. Never flown Air Canada before, but I have to imagine they're more civilized than United.
Air Canada is pretty nice. They have in cabin entertainment for free, just have to download their app. They have movies, tv shows etc. You choose what you want to watch.
I'll be taking them tomorrow as a matter of fact. The wife and I are heading back to Portugal for a couple weeks sans kid. First time we've taken a vacation alone since Vivien was born. Should be awesome. Lookin forward to all the awesome atmosphere and food.
Just realized my passport is nearly up for renewal....10 years since I stared flying overseas...only to Asia so far, I should get to Europe sometime.
Lori is going to Belgium next week, without me. She just found out today that she is going to Galapogos in May, without me. Most of her travel is solo.
Adoption of new ACC/AHA guidelines would result in more than 100% increase in the number of adults with #hypertension in #India https://t.co/dAbn3IczgY @thePHFI @LindsayJaacks pic.twitter.com/bPj6Hq1k30
Well done @WoncaWorld !!! Congratulations @DoctoraVCasado !!, you are an outstanding @WONCA_QSafety member !!! Its a pleasure to share with you your passion and #commitment for #Quality and #ptsafety in #PrimaryCare @dr2318 @WONCApresident @WoncaEurope @WoncaCIMF @sanoysalvoblog https://t.co/CeEP1galzA
There are so many articles out there telling you how to save money and cut corners. However, half the…
Can fine art come from a smartphone? The work of professional Instagrammer Ali Jardine may sway your opinion. Ali…
Editor's word: Chat and share with timed messages, retract, easy meet ups, chat privately, bbm channel, multi-person chats ... read more > or download bbm apk >
Editor's word: Use Line to perform free chats, voice and video calls with exciting stickers and personal social network. Stay in touch with your friends and family using LINE ... read more > or download line apk >
Editor's word: Text or call anyone for free on any phone. Instantly reach the people you care about in a group chat. Reach anyone 1:1 or in groups by text message, video chat, or voice call ... read more > or download facebook messenger apk >
Editor's word: Send all types of messages for free, free calls to any Viber number, enjoy ultimate self-expression with a sticker for every situation. Join Viber messenger to enjoy the most secure messaging and free calls around ... read more > or download viber messenger apk >
Editor's word: Connecting 700 million people with chat, calls and more, or share your memories & places with your friend. Connecting over a billion people with messaging, calls, and video calls ... read more > or download wechat apk >
skil 10 table saw jet deluxe saw 3 home depot table saw table saw circular saw blades table saw craftsman table saw table saw jigs table saw skil 15 amp corded electric 10 intable saw with folding sta.
skil 10 table saw review 15 amp corded electric intable with folding stand west auctions auction equipment and tools from modulus guitars reviews,skil 10 table saw with folding stand inch review skilsaw model 3400 type 2 best reviews guides,table saw dust collector skil 10 with stand reviews 15 amp corded electric intable folding in manual,skil 10 table saw with stand skilsaw model 3400 type 2 appealing amp corded electric folding manual,skilsaw 10 table saw model 3400 manual skil features 3hp 15 amp motor inch with folding stand,skil 10 table saw model 3400 parts amp inch with stand power saws,skil 10 table saw with fixed stand 3400 skilsaw model manual folding accessories,skil 15 amp 10 in table saw manual best for the money top rated portable saws with fixed stand 3400,table saw in heavy duty worm drive skil 10 model 3400 parts review 15 amp,saw table skil 10 model 3400 parts skilsaw type 2 inch review.
Protected by copyright: Uses other than research or private study require the permission of the rightsholder(s). Responsibility for obtaining permissions and for any use rests exclusively with the user.
This site includes some historical materials that may imply negative stereotypes reflecting the culture or language of a particular period or place. These items are presented as part of the historical record and should not be interpreted to mean that the Wilmette Public Library or Library Board in any way endorse the stereotypes implied.
Two quirky friends share a passion for getting married after dating for 2 months detecting and a dream of unearthing Saxon treasure that they're certain is buried in a local farm field. Watch trailers. Rubber and plastic insulated, single-conductor hook-up and lead wire how to do relative age dating are designed for reliable and consistent performance. For your quality assurance needs.
Every day, an average of 438 singles marry a match they found on eHarmony. Why browse datint personals. It's FREE to review your single, compatible matches. under the Marriec Uniform Marrued to Minors Act. The nomination may name one or more persons as substitute custodians to whom the property must be transferred.
Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon getting married after dating for 2 months has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. As a new photographer, these are some of the ideas that have helped get me going. Update: Also check out our Digital Photography Tips for Beginners Page. Dont.
Click the name of each hall to see its details. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Breaking news, weather, analysis and information from the Omaha World-Herald about Omaha events, local weather, sports, schools, crime, government, health and. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today. Disclaimer. Alle Daten und Inhalte auf der WebSite von AutoScout24 (Texte, Bilder, Grafiken und Site-Layout) sind urheberrechtlich gesch252;tzt. 287 thoughts on Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Dating Swedish Women isnt Easy Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. Ive been on Return of Kings for quite a while, reading and enjoying my fair share dxting wisdom, sardonic humor, and women bashing. Lots of women bashing. POF Australia dating a private person the number one free online dating site down getting married after dating for 2 months. Sign datijg login and meet mlnths men and women in Australia now on Plenty Of Fish. Clara Oswald (born 23 November 1986) was a companion to best dating sites no subscription Eleventh and Getting married after dating for 2 months Doctors. Dec 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Skype video and voice calls, instant messaging and cheap international calls. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships gor humans whereby two people meet atter with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Easy Dating 30 dating 24 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over 50. Why not join today. It's Getting married after dating for 2 months. Adverts for events, friendship, or romance. Event calendar and articles. Time travelling and hook up va beach machines have been ian dating nikki topic of science fiction and countless movies for many decades. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free The best Rough Gay porn videos can be watched for free on YouPorn. com. Visit our porno tube today and see the hottest Rough Gay sex movies. ABDLmatch is a Dating site for Adult Baby Diaper Lovers, Daily Dating Site, Mates, ABDL dating site, Adult baby dating. Find a ABDL date here. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability. 100 Free dating site in the USA. Many singles from USA are with us looking for dating and they are waiting for you too. WOosaaa. Shemale Escort FERNANDA in SAO PAULO - Fernandahot in Brazil. Hi GUYS IM FERNANDA Leal Beautiful TS 23 years-old Brazilian escort. I … A man from Axminster has appeared at Exeter Crown Court accused of starting a fire at the town's recycling shop.
Maybe the size of mouse you moonths giving him getting married after dating for 2 months online dating openers deutsch big. Make sure azubi speed dating 2014 frankfurt mouse is hot enough. Meet 2000 Real Russian and Ukrainian Martied for relationship and marriage online. Live Video Chat getting married after dating for 2 months 2 clicks.
Find your love now. Find dating tips and divorce advice at WomansDay. com. Mature, Free and Single is a mature dating service for senior singles in the Marriex. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating ChatBazaar. com is free online dating website with social features likes datingg rooms, friends list, song dating profile acronyms video features. Even if a Temporary Restraining Order is entered against you, YOU CAN STILL FIGHT IT AND WIN (in gettong state).
But, if you do nothing, you will lose. Includes: ways to celebrate christmas customs around the world, christmas customs, and further christmas custom research. Pre-Dating Baltimore Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Baltimore. Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on Single Professionals.
If marriage conferences make you ill because your spouse doesnt change; if marriage books and blogs like mine frustrate you because while you want to improve your. Running Singles is an online personals dating service that brings runners and athletes together. Whether you're looking for a lover, a friend or simply a jogging. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Holly escaped abuse; Deb lost her husband. This Thanksgiving, theyll heal together.
After an unexpected death, an intellectually disabled adult and her caretaker. INFJ type is the rarest of all the Myers-Briggs 16 personality gettong, making up less than one percent of the population. Some of their dating site for harley lovers are: Aug 25, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Are what to know about dating a mormon things made of steel.
Lindsey Vonn showed off her ridiculously toned abs while on vacation in Mexico … NEW for 2017 Click here for 5 types of Online Dating Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] Source: Christian Filipina. Its afger nowadays to hear about spammers in Filipina-Foreign Men dating websites compared to other dating sites. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when fating is swiped from the screen.
No dating for one year TO THEIR DEATHS Cannibal couple hunted for victims on dating sites before drugging, getting married after dating for 2 months and eating them They have been sparking romance rumors for several months but have not confirmed a relationship. but would his daughters be OK with him dating the Scorpion actress.
Channel; Description; CTNT World; CTNT World is a government operated (The Caribbean Marrried Media Group) News Getting married after dating for 2 months channel. It … BiggerCity is the largest online monthhs for gay chubby men and chasers (admirers). Huge galleries, video chat, profiles, events, forums, and lots more. Get information, facts, and pictures about Qatar at Encyclopedia.
com. Make research projects and school reports about Qatar easy with credible articles from our FREE. Gegting loss is a term that lights up everyones getting married after dating for 2 months. Everyone has their own philosophy for losing weight, and yes they swear by it. Apparently that is the best way. Get the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Hills.
Links 2 Love: Results for love, relationship and fun dating and kissing quizzes - including the Can I get a boyfriend or when can I get a boyfriend quiz -. League of Legends (abr233;g233; LoL, anciennement nomm233; League of Legends: Clash of Fates) est un jeu vid233;o de type ar232;ne de bataille en ligne gratuit d233;velopp233; et. Kentucky Bourbon has a rich and storied history dating back 200 years-so we encourage you to relax, take your time and savor the experience. Love Air is a online dating site for Pilots, Cabin Crew, Aviators, ATC, Flight Attendants, airline staff, and anyone else who feels an affinity with aviation. Nottingham Tram Extension. Alstom and JV partner Taylor Woodrow completed work on the Nottingham Express Transit (NET) extension allowing millions of Nottingham. Mar 19, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Think nothing could be more stressful than going through divorce. Try dating after a split, which can be a major source of anxiety for recently-separated. I know how these stories start. I'm supposed to tell you that my mom is the hottest person I know. That all my friends come over whenever they get the chance just to. Regina Moon hardcore Aftsr And Getting married after dating for 2 months at Freeones courtesy of Regina Moon washington speed dating official site KCOP-TV, virtual and VHF digital getting married after dating for 2 months 13, is dating in kirkland lake MyNetworkTV monts television station located in Los Angeles, United States. The station is zfter by the. Online dating has taken off hookup palm springs Vietnam entrepreneur dating app the same margied it has in the Dating site with most attractive. The best online dating getting married after dating for 2 months in Vietnam have a lot of members, good chat mnoths. Start Preamble Maarried Printed Page 77008 AGENCY: Centers for Medicare amp; Medicaid Services (CMS), HHS. ACTION: Final rule with comment period. SUMMARY: This article first appeared in the CHRISTIAN RESEARCH JOURNAL, avter 13, number 03 (1991). The full text of this article in PDF format can be obtained by clicking here. Want To Upgrade Your Style. Frank And Oak Will Have You Looking Sharp Marries No Time Read More Free online dating sites in dallas tx registration to hook nurses dating former patients with real free single dating service adults near you. May 21, 2015nbsp;0183;32;One of the largest online dating datint, the monhs million-member AdultFriendFinder. com, has contacted law enforcement … Eating much does daring cost. getting married after dating for 2 months cost and subscription pricing are listed below with discussion on old school dating etiquette of the differences in plans, specifically Basic. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. Free dating sites no fees or registering cost for single people who are looking for a date or relationship without payment, sign up fee. Casual Hookups Sex. Are you seeking casual hookups. Get some an awesome experience. Online date platform to Find out Right companion for make casual relationship and. Thailand Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. The Choice says… Speed dating is so much fun. Take a chance and meet some new people. Remember you only regret the things you dont do. Please check our Speed. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Asahi Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the most respected daily newspaper in Japan. The English version offers selected articles from.
Meet, date, chat, and create relationships with attractive whtie and. Matchmaking network your order online and get it immediately. Rules on dating someone over 18 do not have to join and be a member to get a member's contact info. If you see someone.
Glossary of sectional garage door terminology as compiled by the Door amp; Access Systems Manufacturers … Hawaii personals has over 500 singles looking for relationships, dates and love in the Hawaiian islands updated daily. Place and xating ads for matchmaking in telugu. To hook up a delegate using reflection.
Load an assembly that contains a type that raises events. Assemblies are usually loaded with the Assembly. Load method. Select one of the im dating a white man newspapers to subscribe, place a classified ad, read the latest classified ads and public notices, and check the local weather. Relationships datinv New Dating Apps (That Aren't Tinder) Worth Trying If you're new to the mobile app dating game or want a break im dating a white man Tinder, try these new services.
Charlize Theron im dating a white man rumors that she's dating Gabriel Aubry during 'Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen' on Sunday, July 23 - watch the video. Mna KFC Customer Service.
Just the top cam sites. Technology keeps you connected everywhere you go, helps you capture every moment amp; makes your life a bit easier; stay up-to-date with tips amp; tricks from eHow Critics have blasted the quot;capitulation to political correctnessquot; after it was revealed that some schools in the U. are removing historical dating terms like B. The article lists down 10 best celebrityinspired hairstyles that Indian grooms can sport on their wedding day. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. How to make your dating profile stand out While you're looking for a new date on our free dating site, other users and visitors are also doing the same. This is a list of characters appearing in The Sandman comic book, published by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint. This page discusses not only events which occur in The. FamilyLife has a team of relationship experts offering helpful tips and practical advice for dealing with common marriage issues such as communication, conflict. While matchmaking horoscopes one of the koota analyzed as Nadi. Nadi is the most important Gun Koota for matchmaking. If Nadi Dosha exists marriage should not … Part of the Arena group (Seribu Rasa, Penang Bistro, Hacienda), Dating teen sites is male dating profile headlines fusion Whitr caf233; centrally located in Grand Im dating a white man. During daytime, it is a iim News, Sports, Weather, Baltimore matchmaking services and the Best of Washington DC 100 FREE ONLINE DATING. Mingle2. Join Now; Login; Search; Community The most populous country im dating a white man the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this im dating a white man. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. We compare the 15 most popular online dating services in an effort to find out which wnite the best and which are scams. Read what we find daging about the top sites here. We have gotten a lot of emails lately how long can carbon dating go back us about Military members overseas asking for cash from civilians, mainly women, to come im dating a white man for leave from Afghanistan what do i need to hook up krk monitors. Millions of Americans visit online dating websites dting year hoping to free dating sites maine a companion or even a soulmate. But as Valentines Day gets closer, the FBI wants adting. As if dating apps weren't complicated im dating a white man, here comes MakeApp and its sexist AI that allows men to upload screenshots from and add filters to photos of women they. Justin Bieber got an awesome body check from his gf, Selena Gomez, during a hockey time-out when she planted a serious kiss on him. The reunited couple hooked up. Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room. Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. Dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh has been sentenced to 10 years imprisonment in a rape case. Catch live updates. So how can you tell. To put it in terms of your questions: How do men show their love. There are all sorts of conventional images of men showing love through giving. TransSingle FTM and MTF Transgender Dating Site for Transgender people looking for SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP. Trans Single the best transgender dating s. What A Mans Relationship With His Mom Tells You About How He Handles Women VH1 has unveiled its 2017-18 slate, which includes a Season 10 renewal for its Emmy-winning series RuPaul's Drag Race for premiere in 2018. Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today.
President Obama and the First Lady staged an expensive photo op Friday at Fort Stewart, Georgia, home of the Army's 3rd Infantry Division. While Mr. Obama and his wife made passing references to the unit's remarkable combat record (and such pressing concerns as civilian employment prospects for soldiers leaving the service), the real reason behind the Fort Stewart visit was the public signing of an executive order protecting the troops from "predatory" colleges and universities.
Forget about the expense of flying to Georgia on Air Force One. And the cost of helicoptering from Hunter Army Airfield to the sprawling Army post. Or the extra security associated with a presidential visit. As we watched the signing ceremony unfold, a lot of us in higher education were left scratching our heads (DISCLOSURE: your humble correspondent is an executive for a private, non-profit college with a significant presence in the military market).
Mr. Obama told the crowd at Fort Stewart that the executive order is urgently needed to safeguard active duty service members (and veterans) from the for-profit institutions of higher learning that are preying upon them. The Commander-in-Chief even told horror stories about school recruiters who enrolled Marines assigned to a Wounded Warrior Battalion at Camp Lejeune. Many of the Marines had suffered traumatic brain injuries in combat and didn't remember what they signed up for after the recruiter left.
But is the problem as serious as the President would have us believe? Not surprisingly, the stenographers in the MSM quickly picked up the "crisis" theme. Here's a sample account from Air Force Times.
“Sometimes you are dealing with folks who are not interested in you,” he said. “They are interested in the money.”
An example, he said, was a school recruiter who gained access to a Marine Corps barracks where he signed up brain-injured Marines to attend college.
Obama’s order requires schools receiving the GI Bill or other Defense Department-funded veterans educational benefits or tuition assistance to disclose more information to students using military tuition assistance, including a breakdown of the percentage of service members and veterans who complete courses or degrees, according to White House officials.
Course completion information and graduate rates are already available for most schools, but they are not broken down by how service members or veterans might fare, White House officials said.
So, how does President Obama plan to remedy the crisis? With more regulation, of course; here are a few of the requirements mandated by the executive order. And just for kicks and grins, I decided to see how my school stands up to these guidelines, as indicated by the responses in bold type:
- Schools that receive GI Bill or tuition assistance will be required to have academic and financial counselors for service members and veterans and to ease policies for enrollment, re-enrollment and refunds if military-related duties interfere with classes (We've had dedicated financial aid and academic counselors for military students for years; ditto for streamlined policies regarding enrollment, re-enrollment and tuition refunds. In fact, a student at my university can withdrawal from class for a deployment or extended TDY with just a phone call).
- The government will attempt to trademark the term “GI Bill” so unscrupulous institutions will be prevented from using the name in advertising and on websites (Good luck with that one; might as well trademark "U.S. Constitution," "Declaration of Independence" and "Bill of Rights" while you're at it. But seriously folks, how are schools supposed to let prospective students know they participate in the program? I can just see brochures from schools notifying individuals they take part in "that financial program for individuals who served in the military, but it's not Tuition Assistance;" nod, nod, wink, wink). .
- Schools with overly aggressive or unscrupulous recruiting practices will be barred from military bases, blocking access to prospective students (We coordinate all of our recruiting visits through the base education officer, IAW existing DoD policies and regulations).
- A centralized complaint system will be created, with access to investigators, prosecutors and policymakers who enforce the law and regulations (Fair enough, but who is going to enforce the rules? The VA? DoD? The individual branches of the armed forces? The Education Department? State departments of veterans affairs and/or education? Sadly, we can see all of these agencies getting involved, creating a labyrinth that will actually discourage some schools from participating in the military market). .
- Schools that fully comply with federal rules will be listed on a federal website, such as the Veterans Affairs Department’s GI Bill website, while schools that don’t comply will be excluded from listings (Will that be any more beneficial than being listed as a member of the various Servicemember Opportunity Colleges, or such associations as eArmyU, the Air Force AU-ABC Cooperative, and the Navy College Program Distance Learning Partnership? Such listings have long been used by military students looking for schools that will serve their interests.
And did we mention there is already a sizable bureaucracy that is supposed to assist service members and veterans in their educational pursuits? For active duty personnel (along with members of the National Guard and Reserve), there is a network of career counselors, educational advisers and base education officers to offer advice, and--supposedly--regulate access by college recruiters. For students who don't want to use these services, all branches of the military have education websites, and some (notably the Navy and National Guard) have "virtual" education centers. Troops with a question about their benefits, developing a degree plan or selecting a school can contact these centers from around the world.
To be fair, there are some bad actors in the field of higher education, and some of them represent for-profit colleges and universities. One school is known for allowing active duty military members, veterans and dependents sign up for classes even if their financial aid hasn't been approved. In some cases, the student completes three or four semesters before receiving a letter announcing their financial aid was rejected, along with an invoice for thousands of dollars in unpaid tuition and fees.
Another unsavory institution is notorious for leaving military students to fend for themselves once enrolled. In one case, a veteran recovering from a brain injury and PTSD signed up for an on-line photography course. Struggling with class assignments, the former soldier found it impossible to contact the instructor, or get help from someone else at the school. Finally, in frustration, he put a fist through the wall of his home and called the VA.
Clearly, such practices should end, along with deceptive advertising and marketing programs. But it's also worth remembering that the for-profits aren't the only ones who treat military students unfairly. In fact, Mr. Obama's executive order has at least one glaring weakness: it fairs to address admission and academic credit policies that discriminate against active duty personnel and veterans. It's also worth mentioning that many of the schools that engage in such practices are major state universities and exclusive private schools. Many of them don't extend tuition discounts to military students and won't grant credit for armed services training and education.
Here's a case in point: two years ago, a Navy Petty Officer First Class (E-6) was medically retired from service. During his 12-year career, the petty officer served as a nuclear reactor technician and an intelligence specialist, completing two of the longest--and most demanding--technical schools in the military. According to the American Council on Education (ACE) guide on transfer credit, those tech schools (along with other training courses) should have been worth dozens of hours in academic credit, in subjects ranging from mathematics and physics, to management and geography.
Unfortunately, the former petty officer decided to enroll at the University of Missouri's main campus in Columbia. After being accepted as a student, he was shocked to learn that Mizzou wouldn't grant any credit for his military training and education. At the age of 33 (and with four children at home), the ex-sailor began his career with no college credits, and began taking freshmen-level classes with students almost half his age.
Such policies don't strike me as "military-friendly," yet they are repeated time and time again among the nation's "better" schools. Indeed, one reason that so many armed forces students have migrated to the for-profits is that state universities and high-profile private schools ignored them for decades, or created barriers that made it difficult, if not impossible, for service members and vets to attend their classes, let alone earn a degree. Others refuse to make even basic concessions to military members, such as granting in-state tuition rates, or making more of their programs available on-line. Did we mention that 75% of all military tuition assistance requests last year went to on-line schools?
Against that backdrop, it will be interesting to see how Mr. Obama and the federal government enforce this new executive order. One provision calls for establishment of new rules governing access to military installations by college recruiters, ostensibly to prevent future episodes like the one at Camp Lejeune. But it's also easy to envision the new guidelines being used to favor schools that are now playing catch-up in the military market--the very same state universities and private schools that shunned armed forces students for so long.
Finally, it would be useful for the feds to quantify this problem before the executive order is actually implemented. In our experience, military students--particularly career NCOs and officers--are savvy education consumers. Most know what to look for in a school, and they shy away from colleges and universities with shady reputations, or those that don't offer what they're looking for. Most of them will tell you they don't need protection from unscrupulous schools; what they need is more affordable tuition; a streamlined admissions process, greater savings on books and educational materials and more credit for their armed forces training and experience. Implementing those reforms would go a long way towards solving the "real" crisis in military education and experience.
True, the Arizona Senator is given to periodic fits and snits (as we've noted on these pages). But this time, his outrage is spot-on, because the Pentagon appears to be stone-walling on the prostitution scandal that ensnared Secret Service and military personnel, performing advance work for President Obama's recent visit to Colombia.
Sen. John McCain doesn't think Pentagon officials investigating military personnel involved in the prostitute scandal are being very forthcoming.
Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and McCain, the panel's ranking Republican, met with Pentagon officials today to discuss allegations of misconduct involving military personnel who were in Cartagena, Colombia, ahead of President Obama's visit earlier this month for the Summit of the Americas.
But McCain said the Pentagon officials seemed unprepared and provided "appallingly little new information" on the military investigation of 12 servicemembers who have been ensnared in the prostitution scandal.
"The Department of Defense briefers did not even know the date the president arrived or the name of the senior military commander on the ground in Cartagena," McCain said in a statement.
Much attention has been focused on the Secret Service. The agency moved to quickly oust nine agents, while three others implicated in the episode have been cleared of serious misconduct. But the investigation of the military personnel — who would face punishment under the Uniform Code of Military Justice — has moved along a slower pace.
The senator from Arizona added: "We need to know the facts. We need to know the impact of this potential misconduct, which occurred less than a day, or perhaps hours, before the president arrived in Cartagena, on the performance of the military Joint Task Force charged with his security. Yet, we are being denied access to the information we need in order to make informed judgments or take needed actions. This is entirely unacceptable."
Appearing on "Fox and Friends" this morning, McCain said the officer who delivered yesterday's brief was a Navy Admiral, so the incomplete presentation wasn't delivered by some low-level staff officer. It's hard to imagine a flag officer going into a high-level briefing so unprepared, unless he was directed to "take one for the team."
Indeed, the military's handling of the scandal has been rather puzzling. While the Secret Service has been forthcoming (according to Congressional sources), the Pentagon has provided information reluctantly, as evidenced by yesterday's presentation for Senators Levin and McCain.
So, what is the Pentagon trying to hide? That's the $64,000 question. Various military p.r. flacks have suggested the information flow has been slow because investigators must respect the rights of the accused. Fair enough, but isn't the Secret Service operating under similar restrictions regarding its agents. Yet, the agency has provided more information than its military counterparts.
We're guessing the scandal runs deeper than the Pentagon wants to admit publicly, and they're trying to conduct damage control before going public. It's a strategy that's been tried time and time again, but unfortunately, it rarely works. Usually, the drips of new information outpace the control efforts, and senior officials usually wind up with egg on their faces.
Still, there is more than a bit of hypocrisy in media coverage of this sorry spectacle. While the latest disclosure about the Secret Service or the military become's the newest headline, the stenographers in the White House Press Corps blithely accepted claims that all White House staffers have been cleared of wrong-doing, after a one-week inquiry by the Chief Counsel's office. What's that old line about the fox guarding the chicken coop?
There's also the matter of who exactly is protecting the POTUS and providing support for presidential visits. Everyone involved in those tasks must pass a Yankee White background check, aimed at eliminating anyone whose habits or past problems might make them a potential risk. Yankee White is the most rigorous check in the U.S. government; by some estimates, less than 5% of the population can meet the requirements for that clearance.
But we're also reminded that standards began to slip in the mid-90s. As former FBI Agent Gary Aldrich revealed in his book Unlimited Access, clearances were given to Clinton Administration staffers with issues that would ordinarily disqualify them. If this degradation of standards has become widespread, then it's easy how Secret Service agents and military personnel could fall prey to temptations in Colombia and elsewhere.
When this scandal broke, we reached out to a retired Air Force Chief Master Sergeant who served in the White House Communications Agency during the Bush 41 presidency. He expressed amazement that more staffers had not been summarily fired; during his time at the agency, anyone who violated organizational standards were fired and out the gate by the end of the day. Other WHCA personnel referred to them as "sundowners."
By our count, only a handful of Secret Service agents have left the organization over this scandal, and one was allowed to retire with full pension benefits. On the military side, individuals implicated in the Colombian matter have lost their security clearances and will (presumably) receive additional punishment in the future. When that happens, the real stat to watch is the number of individuals who receive administrative punishment.
While that type of sanctions may be appropriate in some cases, potential breaches of national security--like the one that occurred in Colombia--deserve more serious punishment. If only a couple of agents and military members do the "perp walk," start looking for that big lump under the rug. As the Chief would say, a Yankee White clearance once meant something, and senior officials could rest assured they were being served by the nation's elite. In the wake of the hooker scandal, that assurance has been gravely damaged.
If it's any consolation to those current (and former) GSA officials who partied like kings on the taxpayers' dime, they won't be the last to face the wrath of Congress--and the public--over their profligate spending habits.
A former Air Force official, who remains hard-wired into the service's leadership circles, tells us that all units have received a short-notice tasker, in the wake of the GSA mess and the prostitution scandal that has ensnared a number Secret Service agents and military personnel. According to the official, units have been told to provide a listing of all conferences, symposia, training events, official ceremonies and other functions that required the expenditure of temporary duty (TDY) travel funds over the past seven years.
There was no immediate indication if the tasker came from DoD, or directly from Congress, which has reportedly expanded its probe into lavish trips taken by government employees, ostensibly on "official" business. GSA's now-infamous 2010 regional conference in Las Vegas cost taxpayers more than $800,000, for an event attended by only 300 employees.
Making matters worse, senior agency officials took a number of planning visits to Vegas in the months before the conference, adding to its outrageous expenses. One senior GSA staffer reportedly took his wife along on one of the trips, and even posed for photos in the bathtub of his luxury suite, images that were later posted on social media.
Word of the accounting tasker suggests someone is casting a wide net, looking for other examples of fraudulent and abusive travel by government employees. And there's plenty of gold in them thar TDY hills. Talk to anyone who's served in the military and they can usually recite stories of questionable trips by senior officials to exotic locales, while supposedly conducting government business.
Consider the case of Air Force Colonel Arthur Huber II, currently Vice Commander of the service's Aeronautical Systems Center at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. Between 2006 and 2009,.Huber served as Commander of the Arnold Engineering Development Center at Arnold AFB, TN. While at Arnold, sources claim, Huber took expensive--and some say questionable--trips to such locations as Belize, China, and India.
While it's unclear if Huber's trips are under scrutiny, there have been questions about the military's travel habits in years past. Back in 2007, Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma requested a detailed accounting of the Pentagon's conference budget. Available figures suggested that DoD was spending upwards of $100 million a year on conferences, meetings and related events at that time--and we can only imagine the budget has increased since then.
Mr. Coburn was probably puzzled (as were we) about skyrocketing conference budgets in an era of secure teleconferencing. The Pentagon spent billions on those capabilities during the last decade, and they justified the expenditure (in part) by promising lower costs for conferences and official travel.
Of course, few government officials or politicians (save Senator Coburn) bothered to hold the military accountable on these issues. In fact, we're not sure if Mr. Coburn ever received all of the information he requested. That would't be a surprise, either. Any senior government official worth his (or her) salt has long since mastered the "art of the stall, creating the illusion of activity while failing to deliver data that might be potentially embarrassing or incriminating.
Something tells us Senator Coburn won't be as accommodating this time. Nor should he be. There's plenty of waste in the defense travel budget, and some of those excursions will make the GSA look like pikers.
ADDENDUM: In fairness, there is a certain irony over Congressional outrage regarding travel by civil service employees. After all, our elected representatives invented something called a junket, which (typically) represents a colossal waste of taxpayer dollars. And that's one reason Congress may tread lightly on the issue of military travel. They certainly wouldn't want the Pentagon to release damning details about the latest "fact-finding" mission to Fiji, or some other global hotspot.
And sadly, these wasteful travel habits are nothing new. In the late 1980s, a former colleague was tasked to prepare a threat summary briefing for the wife of General Robert D. Russ, Commander of Tactical Air Command (now Air Combat Command). When the assignment was made, the intel officer was told the presentation was in support of some type of "official" visit to the Philippines. The intel analyst worked on the briefing for more than a week, then delivered it to a very disinterested general's wife.
My colleague later learned that the "visit" was little more than a shopping trip, with the four-star's wife travelling on USAF aircraft and staying in VIP quarters at Clark AB. Of course, wasting money was old habit for this particular general. General Russ was a moving force behind the rehabilitation of the base golf course at Langley AFB, VA (where his headquarters was located) in the late 1980s. The effort involved a combat engineering team and more than $900,000 in taxpayer dollars.
A USAF RC-135U Combat Sent strategic SIGINT aircraft. The RC-135 fleet represents the lone bright spot as budgets for other ISR and battle management aircraft are cut (USAF photo)
It's no secret that America's military aircraft fleet is aging rapidly--and in many cases, no replacement platforms are in sight. Lieutenant General David Deptula, who retired last year as the Air Force's Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, often illustrated this point with a simple story. Deptula's son (also an Air Force fighter jock) often flew the same F-15 his father piloted while assigned to Kadena AB, Japan. The "gap" between father and son in the cockpit was more than 20 years, illustrating the advancing age of our tactical aircraft.
And, the problem is even worse among certain ISR and battle management platforms. As David Fulgham of Aviation Week observes, the Air Force's fleet of E-3 AWACS and E-8 Joint Stars are getting long in the tooth, and there's no money to fix them or replace them. As Mr. Fulghum writes, worries about ISR aircraft are a fairly recent development; as recently as a year ago, there seemed to be enough money for AWACS and Joint Starts to solider on, well into the future:
"Reversing a trend of rising budgetary support that was well established even a year ago, the field of airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) is now suffering the hammer blows of aging aircraft, overloaded datalinks, emerging cyber vulnerabilities and shrinking defense budgets.
“ISR is really becoming a crisis,” says a senior Air Force official with daily insight into those programs. “There is no new cash. There’s not even the money to continue to fly legacy systems.”
ISR, electronic warfare and cyber operations — which are inextricably linked both technically and operationally — were considered the big favorites in defense budget negotiations, but the last round of cuts to the fiscal 2013 budget request and the potential for more reductions by year’s end are threatening even the most successful programs."
That quote neatly describes how quickly the budget axe has fallen on scores of Pentagon programs--even those considered essential for tactical and strategic operations. It also indicates that cuts have been made with little regard for the near and long-term consequences. Let another administration (and their service chiefs) worry about that one.
The only ray of sunshine in this gloomy picture is the nation's RC-135 fleet. According to Aviation Week, our Rivet Joint and Combat Sent aircraft are "doing just fine," an apparent reference to the supplementary funding sources that help keep them in the air. As our primary airborne SIGINT platforms, the RC-135 fleet (based at Offut AFB, Nebraska) is funded in part by the National Security Agency. A running joke in the Air Force asks, "What's the only wing flying on 30 September (end of the fiscal year)? The 55th at Offut. With funding streams from Fort Meade, there's always money available to keep RJ and Sent in the air.
But their effectiveness in tactical operations will be diminished if AWACS and J-Stars aren't available. While Rivet Joint provides vital intelligence on its own, it becomes even more valuable when its SIGINT "haul" is fused with air tracks from AWACS, or meshed with ground tracking provided by J-Stars. Without those inputs, the overall battle picture will be incomplete, creating problems for both intelligence analysts and commanders.
The supposed solution for this problem is mounting sensors on smaller, unmanned aircraft that will eventually replace AWACS and J-Stars. But as one expert told David Fulghum, this approach is far from optimum. UAVs can't carry the sensors needed for wide area surveillance, and in today's budgetary environment, will there be enough money to build the "swarm" of sensor platforms needed to replace the E-3s and E-8s? Don't bet on it.
The entertainment world is mourning the loss of Dick Clark, the consummate TV performer who kept Americans entertained for well over half a century. And, as Mr. Clark freely admitted, he forged an iconic career without being able to sing, dance, tell jokes, or act (although he did appear in a few films in the early 1960s, and subsituted for the male half of Paul and Paula when he walked out in the middle of a rock-and-roll caravan promoted by the "American Bandstand" host).
What Mr. Clark excelled at was hosting, the fine art of introducing other performers, game show contestants or even practical jokes, and enticing the audience to keep watching. As we've noted in other columns, fronting a TV game, beauty contest, variety show or a music program isn't as easy as it sounds. Ideally, the host should never over-shadow the other performers, while keeping the whole thing moving along and (when necessary) enliven the proceedings when it gets a bit dull.
It's a dying art, as anyone who's watched TV over the past 25 years can attest. Among the current crop, only Wheel of Fortune's Pat Sajak, Survivor's Jeff Probst, Tom Bergeron of Dancing With the Stars and Ryan Seacrest of American Idol seem to have mastered the requisite skills. The rest seem to disappear into the background, or spend all their time trying to one-up the other acts.
And Dick Clark excelled in almost every format he attempted. He presided over Bandstand for decades; he gave Aud Lang Syne a hipper twist with his New Year's Rockin' Eve specials that began in the 1970s; he was the original host of The $10,000 Pyramid, and co-hosted TV's Bloopers and Practical Jokes (with Ed McMahon) for years on NBC. At one point in the early 1990s, Clark was hosting shows simultaneously on CBS, ABC and NBC, making him one of the few performers in broadcasting history to hit the network trifecta.
But Clark was more than just a host. He became one of the most successful producers in Hollywood, packing countless awards shows and other programs under the banner of Dick Clark Productions. In fact, Pyramid was one of the few long-term gigs where Clark wasn't working for himself. At the time of his death, Mr. Clark's personal fortune was somewhere north of $200 million dollars, a testament to his shrewd business skills, and successful track record in knowing what TV executives--and the American public--wanted to see.
Of course, it was an empire built on "Bandstand." When Clark assumed hosting duties in 1956, it was a local show in Philadelphia. Most viewers assumed that Dick Clark was the original host, but that honor belongs to another local broadcaster, Bob Horn. By the time Dick Clark joined the announcing staff of WFIL radio, Horn was a well-established Philadelphia media personality, appearing on the station's radio and TV outlets. In fact, the 24-year-old Clark shared afternoon announcing duties on WFIL radio, allowing his colleague to appear on TV, as the host of Bob Horn's Bandstand. Clark's introduction to the show was as an occasional guest-host.
But all that changed in 1956. Horn had been squabbling with his bosses at WFIL, and they fired him after he was arrested for drunk driving and accused of statutory rape. Horn was acquitted on the rape charge and resolved the DUI case with local prosecutors. His career in ruins, Horn moved to Houston, where he was offered a job at a radio station owned by Top 40 pioneer Gordon McLendon. Using the on-air moniker of Bob Adams, the former Bandstand host rebuilt his career, eventually launching a successful advertising agency in Houston. Horn died of a heart attack while mowing his lawn in 1965, just one year after Dick Clark moved Bandstand to Los Angeles.
To his credit, Clark always acknowledged Bob Horn's contributions, including the famous decision to televise teenagers dancing while the latest hits played. It was hardly an original idea --Horn borrowed the concept from another Philly TV show of that era--but it gave Bandstand the boost it needed. By the time Clark became the host, Bandstand was a broadcast phenomenon, capturing up to 60% of the local TV audience on weekday afternoons. In 1957, Clark took the show national on ABC and became a star, while memories of the Bob Horn version quickly faded.
Obviously, Dick Clark benefited from being in the right place at the right time. But that doesn't take away from his tremendous skills as a TV producer and program developer. One of the cardinal rules of television is that you don't mess with a winning formula. Clark recognized that when he took over Bandstand, and kept refining the hit program, keeping it on the air for more than 40 years. It was an early indication that Mr. Clark would be remembered for much more than his appearances before the camera.
If you're a military spouse (and looking for work), don't worry--help is on the way, according to First Lady Michelle Obama.
Mrs. Obama, who has become an advocate for military families during her time in the White House, recently announced a partnership with eleven firms that will create "up to 15,000 jobs" in the coming years. Details from UPI:
When the next set of orders comes in for these families, and they have to move across the country, they'll be able to move these jobs with them," Obama said in a conference call with reporters.
The jobs at companies around the United States aim to help military spouses find work near bases where their partners are stationed. Most of the jobs, which are in telecommuting or customer support, will offer flexible hours so parents can work from home and be available for personal commitments.
Twenty-six percent of military spouses are unemployed, U.S. Department of Defense statistics indicate. Moving from state to state is a challenge for professionals who have to register licenses in different states or who cannot find work in their field when they relocate.
With her announcement, Obama stressed that flexibility and portability are the future of jobs for families that are juggling so much. Veteran and military family job seekers are often not willing or able to move for a job, a representative of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce said.
That's why other government groups are working to connect veterans with employers near where they live.
Readers will note that the companies which will create the jobs were not named, and there is no timeline for when the positions will be added. Additionally, the vague description offered in the UPI account suggests that most of the jobs will be call center or customer service positions, which won't catapult military spouses into the upper 1% of wage earners. But for some military families, these jobs could help ease their financial strain.
Still, we're wondering if Mrs. Obama and her partner Jill Biden (wife of the Vice President) aren't aiming a bit low. As veterans of the career and education expo circuit, we routinely speak with scores of military members and their spouses. The education level of military families is well above the national average, and it's quite easy to find spouses with graduate degrees. Individuals with that sort of background are qualified for more than just a call center-at-home position.
Here's an idea: perhaps the First Lady and Dr. Biden can talk the President's best friend in the corporate world (General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt) and see what his company can bring to the table. After all, GE doesn't pay any corporate income taxes, so they've got plenty of cash to expand their operations and hire additional staff--at least in theory.
Which leads us to another question: if the economic recovery is perking along (as the White House would have us believe), why were Mrs. Obama and Mrs. Biden unable to "create" more than 15,000 entry-level jobs over an unspecified timeline? Corporations can't be forced to hire anyone (not yet, anyway) and with continuing economic uncertainty, firms are reluctant to add new workers. And the chief reason for the economic apprehension can be found in the Oval Office.
And, at the risk of tossing another fly in the ointment, here's another grim reminder that somehow didn't make the UPI dispatch. While Michelle Obama and Jill Biden are trying to create more jobs for military spouses, the Commander-in-Chief (along with Defense Secretary Panetta) are sending more troops to the unemployment line. As many as 100,000 soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines will be forced out of service over the next three to four years, due to Pentagon budget cutbacks. It doesn't take an economist to calculate the impact of those force cutbacks on military families.
Put another way, the First Lady's initiative will help a military spouse land a job as a home call center or customer service rep that pays $8-15 an hour, with few benefits and little stability. Meanwhile, their husband or wife will be forced from active duty as an E-5 or E-6, with no pension and only short-term health care benefits. These jobs are hardly a substitute for the military positions being eliminated, and with the ripple effect in the defense industry, fewer veterans will find employment that utilizes the skills and experience they gained in uniform.
Mrs. Obama and Mrs. Biden deserve some credit for helping military families at a time when spouses and veterans face long odds in finding a job. But until they address the larger factors influencing unemployment in the military community, those 15,000 "jobs" are little more than a drop in the bucket.
ADDENDUM: And while we're handing out darts, here's one for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which is sponsoring "Hire our Heroes" job fairs around the country. For whatever reason, the Chamber has decided to exclude educational institutions from these events.
From our perspective, that is a serious mistake. Go to any military job fair, and you'll see vets rejected by potential employers due to their lack of a college degree. Learning that they're only a sheepskin away from a $100,000 job, most military members or veterans start scrambling to find education options. The Chamber could certainly establish criteria for schools that would be allowed to participate, and limit their numbers at individual events. Someone needs to tell the Chamber of Commerce that many of the heroes attending their job fairs need educational resources, too (in the interest of full disclosure, your humble correspondent is an executive for a private, non-profit university).
In the wake of its infamous $850,000 Vegas bash-cum-convention, the General Services Administration is in trouble again, this time for excessive re-location expenses for a former employee.
According to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee (chaired by California Republican Darrell Issa), the embattled agency spent over $300,000 moving a former staffer from Denver to Hawaii. Another GSA employee provided details of the transfer, in an interview with an investigator from the agency's Inspector General division. A transcript of the conversation was provided to CNN:
The interview was largely about spending at the convention, but the unnamed GSA event planner volunteered that another part of his or her job was to relocate other employees.
In the one particular relocation from Denver to Hawaii costing the GSA $330,000, the event planner said the employee "stayed on for just the one year and then quit. Left the GSA," despite signing an agreement to stay on after relocation, "Wow that is wasting taxpayer money," the investigator said.
It "blew me away when I saw how much it costs to relocate somebody. It's crazy. It's astronomical. Hundreds of thousands of dollars," for one person, said the GSA event planner.
According to this transcript, relocation allowances generally included: a house hunting trip, temporary quarters for one to 30 days (which could be extended to 90 days), a vehicle shipped, $25 per diem, as well as groceries and laundry.
Beyond that, the event planner said the government picked up the tab for closing costs on a home purchase, and if the person relocating can't sell their house, "we have a guarantee that we'll buy it" and "sell it off to somebody else."
"In the past two years how much do you think you've seen spent," asked the Inspector General investigator.
While that revelation is enough to make your blood boil, it is hardly unusual. The "benefits" outlined by the event planner are standard for federal employees who accept a position in a new locale, and are relocated on the taxpayers' dime. For everyone who's loaded their possessions in a moving truck and set off across the country for a new job--and paid for the trip out of their own pocket--it must be reassuring to know that federal bureaucrats get a publicly-funded house-hunting trip, temporary lodging, per diem and all the other goodies that make for a smooth move. And for what it's worth, members of the U.S. military enjoy similar benefits during permanent change-of-station (PCS) moves.
So, it's not surprising that moving a single GSA worker from Denver to Honolulu cost $300,000, when you factor in those perks, plus the expense of buying their old home in Colorado, and paying closing costs on a new place in Hawaii. Of course, that prompts some rather obvious questions, namely, couldn't they find someone qualified in the local office, or hire someone with the right credentials off the street? Truth be told, it sounds like the Denver-to-Hawaii move was a sweetheart deal for someone. It would be nice to know where those other GSA employees are headed--and how much their moves will cost the taxpayer.
It's also sad to report that other government agencies have encountered serious problems managing their PCS accounts. In a story that barely registered a blip--even among the military press--five Air Force generals (now retired) were sanctioned for a $96 million overrun in the PCS account that occurred back in 2005. From an Air Force Times article published in December, 2010:
"...The latest sanctions, disclosed Dec. 2, went to five generals who overspent by $87 million the budget that pays for airmen and their families to move to new assignments back in 2005. The highest-ranking officers cited were Gen. Roger Brady, commander of U.S. Air Forces in Europe, who leaves office Dec. 13, and Gen. Stephen Lorenz, who left as head of Air Education and Training Command on Nov. 17. While the changes of command were not a result of the admonishments, the two were kept from leaving their posts until the investigations were concluded, said an Air Force official familiar with the investigation.
Also singled out were Gregory W. Den Herder, then the executive director of Air Force Personnel Center and retired since 2006, and three individuals whose names the Air Force declined to release citing Privacy Act limits that restrict the disclosure of nonjudicial punish­ments involving less senior officials.
In a written statement, Air Force Secretary Mike Donley explained his decision to sanction the officers.“The Defense Department comptroller’s investigation determined that the individuals involved did not violate [rules] willfully or knowingly, however, the individuals failed to meet our standards, and all have been the subject of administrative actions,” Donley told Air Force Times."
Interestingly enough, General Lorenz was regarded as something of a managerial guru during his days in uniform, even writing a series of articles called "Lorenz on Leadership" that were widely disseminated within the service, and have continued into his retirement. To this day, neither General Lorenz (nor the Air Force) have explained how the PCS account was so badly mismanaged, and exactly what happened to that $96 million. Congressman Issa might ask his friends on the Armed Services Committee to look into that little accounting error.
As for General Lorenz, sounds like he has all the right qualifications to be the next GSA Administrator.
This time of year is college football's equivalent of the "hot stove" league. The season is three months into the record books, and National Signing Day is but a memory, and the coaching carousel has stopped spinning, at least until a certain head coach decided to go for a motorcycle ride on a Sunday morning.
We refer, of course, to Bobby Petrino, the now-former coach of the Arkansas Razorbacks. Petrino, who led the Hawgs to the best season in decades last year, is now out of a job, after a Harley crash involving his 25-year-old mistress, a pack of lies, and finally, his termination in Fayetteville.
Arkansas fired coach Bobby Petrino on Tuesday, saying he engaged in reckless behavior that "He made the decision to mislead the public, (and it) adversely affected the university and the football program," athletic director Jeff Long said at an evening news conference, choking up at one point as he discussed telling players the news. There was a "pattern of misleading and manipulative behavior to deceive me."
It was a stunning fall for Petrino, who had built Arkansas into a Southeastern Conference and national power over four seasons, including a 21-5 record the past two years. But Long made it clear that the success on the field was overshadowed by a laundry list of deceptive acts.
The 51-year-old Petrino was injured in an April 1 motorcycle accident. He was put on paid leave last week after admitting he lied about the presence of the 25-year-old employee, Jessica Dorrell, who had been riding with him.
Long said his investigation, which took less than a week, found that Petrino had even given Dorrell $20,000 at one point, though he wouldn't disclose what it was for. He also said Petrino was fired "with cause" -- meaning he will not receive a multimillion-dollar buyout -- and there were no discussions about ways to keep Petrino at Arkansas included hiring his mistress and then intentionally misleading his bosses about everything from their relationship to her presence at the motorcycle accident that ultimately cost him his job.
It was, in some respects, a stunning decision. With today's "win-at-all-costs" mentality in college football, administrators often look for ways to retain a winning coach, even when it becomes apparent they must go. It took quite a bit of damning evidence to convice Ohio State that Jim Tressel had to go (amid the memorabilia scandal), and many at Penn State still wanted to retain Joe Paterno, even after it was revealed that the legendary coach did almost nothing to stop the serial molestation and rape of young boys by his former assistant, Jerry Sandusky.
Some would say Petrino's sins paled by comparison. In fact, some of his supporters offered a variation of the "Clinton Defense," saying what the coach did in his private life was no one's business.
But that excuse only goes so far. For starters, a portion of Petrino's salary comes from the taxpayers of Arkansas, making him the state's highest-paid employee. Additionally, the coaches' contract with the university clearly contained a "morals clause," allowing him to be fired for violating standards of personal conduct. We're guessing that having an extra-marital affair--and putting the mistress on the football staff--was more than enough for a termination under under the morals clause.
Yet, Petrino added insult to career injury by lying about the whole sordid episode. ESPN recounts the details:
"What the married father of four failed to mention, both at a news conference and to Long, was the presence of a Dorrell, a former Arkansas volleyball player and Razorback Foundation fundraiser who Petrino had hired to a football-department position just days before the accident.
That revelation was made public when the state police released the accident report. Petrino informed Long of Dorrell's presence 20 minutes before the police released the report to the public, also admitting to what he called a previous inappropriate relationship with Dorrell. Long placed Petrino on paid leave later that night, saying he was disappointed in Petrino and promising to review the coach's conduct. He said his review found that the relationship between the two had lasted a "significant" amount of time.
As the review continued, the state police released the audio of the 911 call reporting Petrino's accident. It revealed Petrino didn't want to call police following the crash, and a subsequent police report showed he asked police if he was required to give the name of the passenger during the accident.
Petrino was forthcoming about Dorrell's name and presence with police, but only after misleading both Long and the public during his news conference. That led to the school releasing a statement from Petrino's family the day after the accident that said "no other individuals" were involved.
Sadly, Petrino's behavior was utterly predictable. As sports columnist Pat Forde observed a few days ago, the former Razorback coach has made a career of lying:
In November 2003, during Petrino’s first season as a coach at Louisville, he engaged in a brazen double-cross withAuburn. Petrino met across the Ohio River from Louisville, in southern Indiana, with a number of Auburn officials to discuss the Tigers’ coaching job. Problem was, neither the Tigers nor the Cardinals had finished their seasons. This was two days before Auburn would beat Alabama in the Iron Bowl.
Petrino undercut his former boss, Tommy Tuberville, under whom he was offensive coordinator at Auburn. He also undercut his boss at the time, Louisville athletic director Tom Jurich, who gave him his first head-coaching job.
Petrino lied about having any contact with Auburn officials until two reporters for The (Louisville) Courier-Journal confronted him with documentation of the private plane that brought the university president and athletic director to Sellersburg, Ind. I was one of the two reporters. Petrino still resisted telling the truth until Auburn issued a statement owning up to the whole affair.
The next season, Petrino showed how chastened he was by that PR disaster by quietly interviewing at the same Sellersburg airport with Notre Dame officials. He also had discussions with Florida and Mississippi about their jobs.
Then, on Dec. 7, 2004, he pledged his loyalty to Louisville through a flowery statement. Two weeks later, he signed a contract extension to stay with the Cardinals. Five days after that, he surreptitiously interviewed withLSU. And another week after that, when it was apparent LSU was going to hire Les Miles, Petrino publicly pulled out of consideration for the job.
In 2005, a guy who told everyone he had no interest in coaching the pros interviewed with the Oakland Raiders. He ultimately turned down the job and expelled a bunch of hot air about his commitment to Louisville."
Eventually, Petrino took a job in the pros, as head coach of the Atlanta Falcons. But he quit after only 13 games, and took the job at Arkansas. Falcons' owner Arthur Blank, the co-founder of Home Depot, reportedly describes Petrino to be a man of "no integrity."
So, is it any wonder that when Petrino's little web of infidelity and deceit ran into the ditch, quite literally, he resorted to a familiar pattern?
Kudos to Mr. Long (and the rest of the university administration) for making the right call. Character and integrity ought to count for something in college athletics, particularly from individuals who are charged with leading major sports programs and mentoring the young men and women who play for them.
The Hawgs may lose a few more games this fall, but the football program is better off without Petrino. And don't feel too sorry for Bobby P. After Mrs. Petrino is finished with the ex-coach, he'll wind up on the sidelines again, working for someone who's a little less picky about his personal conduct, and his penchant for tellling lies.
ADDENDUM: KATV in Little Rock reported that one of Petrino's sons tweeted "sooo pissed" around the time his father was fired. At whom, we wonder? At U of A administrators, or his father? If it was the former, we'd say the apple doesn't fall very far from the tree. If it was the latter, he has every right to be.
Monday marks the 70th anniversary of the surrender of U.S. and Filipino forces on Bataan, the largest capitulation in American military history. From our post on the subject in 2008:
Sixty-six years ago this week, Major General Edward King, U.S. Army, set off on a bitter mission. Wearing the best uniform he could muster, King and a small entourage headed north along the Bataan Peninsula in the Philippines, searching for Lieutenant General Masaharu Homma, commander of the Japanese 14th Army.
For more than three months, Homma's forces had been advancing slowly south, pushing U.S. and Filipino forces into an ever-shrinking section of the rugged peninsula. Now, the battle was drawing to a close. With food and medical supplies exhausted--and many of his soldiers sick or injured--King carried the white flag of surrender. Further resistance would be futile, he decided, and likely result in the wholesale slaughter of the troops that remained.
After being strafed by Japanese fighters as they drove north, King and his party finally reached Japanese lines. On the morning of 9 April 1942, the American general discussed terms of surrender to Homma's subordinate, Maj. Gen. Kameichiro Nagano. Several hours of negotiations ensued; at their conclusion, King agreed to the Japanese terms, and ordered his surviving soldiers--75,000 Filipinos and Americans--to lay down their arms.
General King, a Georgia lawyer-turned-artillery officer and the son of Confederate veterans, fully understood the irony and humiliation of his actions. Not only did the Bataan surrender represent the largest capitulation in U.S. military history; it came on the 77th anniversary of Robert E. Lee's surrender to U. S. Grant at Appomattox.
Eight decades after King's surrender, the decision remains controversial--at least from the perspective of his superiors. Both General Douglas MacArthur (who was evacuated from the Philippines days earlier) and President Roosevelt had issued "no surrender" orders. King, realizing that further resistance was futile--and would result in even more American casualties --ignored their directives and surrendered, hoping to save as many of his men as possible.
Of course, General King had no way of knowing the horrors they would face in captivity, including the Bataan Death March (which claimed the lives of at least 1,000 Americans and 5,000 Filipinos); brutal conditions in Japanese POW camps (where thousands more perished) and for a unlucky few, transport to the enemy homeland on "hell ships" with little food, water or ventilation. Some of the ships were torpedoed by U.S. submarines, which had no way of knowing that their fellow Americans were being held below decks.
When he emerged from a Japanese POW camp, King expected to be court-martialed for failing to obey a direct order. Instead, he was treated as a hero--and deservedly so. As we noted four years ago, the surrender on Bataan was a product of false expectations and poor leadership. Any hope of reinforcing the Philippines ended with the debacle of Pearl Harbor, though MacArthur kept telling his troops that help was on the way.
His defensive strategy was equally flawed; initial attempts to stop the Japanese invasion on the landing beaches were repulsed by the enemy, and as Allied troops fell back in disarray, they were almost cut off before reaching defensive positions on Bataan, where they continued to resist, despite dwindling stocks of fuel, ammunition and food, and diseases that ran rampant through the ranks.
Make no mistake: Douglas MacArthur remains one of the greatest generals in our nation's history. Later in the war, his brilliant use of maneuver warfare resulted in dramatic advances towards Tokyo, without the the heavy casualties that accompanied some of our "island-hopping" campaigns in the Central Pacific. But the months after Japan invaded the Philippines were hardy his finest hour. MacArthur played a poor hand badly, leaving General King to make the only decision he could on that morning in April, seventy years ago.
As we noted four years ago, MacArthur's legendary ego also influenced events on Bataan, before and after the surrender. Not only did "Dugout Doug" issue his no-surrender directive, he also opposed efforts to award the Medal of Honor to Lieutenant General Jonathan Wainwright, who succeeded him as Allied commander in the Philippines. Wainwright eventually received the honor, but only after his liberation from a Japanese prison camp.
By comparison, Genreal King never received any decoration or recognition for his gallantry, though he was widely admired and revered by his troops. MacArthur refused to speak with him after the war, and even Wainwright questioned his judgment. But in recent years, military historians have begun to reassess King's record on Bataan, concluding that he did as much as he could to slow the Japanese advance, and by surrendering his command, he preserved the lives of thousands of allied soldiers. Eight decades later, many believe that Ned King deserves the Medal of Honor as well. That includes many of the survivors of the Bataan campaign, who understand the courage of King's decision.
Wreckage of a Navy F/A-18 burns, after the jet crashed into a Virginia Beach apartment complex today. (AP photo via Yahoo News)
It was another reminder of the inherent dangers associated with military aviation: a Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashed into an apartment complex in Virginia Beach this afternoon, just moments after taking off from NAS Oceana. Both pilots ejected safely from the stricken aircraft; public safety officials said at least five people were hurt on the ground, but none apparently suffered serious injuries.
As of this writing, there have been no confirmed fatalities, but the mayor of Virginia Beach suggested that some bodies might be found in the wreckage of two apartment buildings that were destroyed as the jet plowed into them. The F/A-18, which apparently suffered a major mechanical malfunction, slammed into Mayfair Mews Apartment Complex off Birdneck Road, near Interstate I-264.
Amy Miller works at a cleaners on Birdneck Road and said she was outside when she saw a plane coming down with fire on its wing. The plane looked like it was heading east and came from behind the shopping center and over it
"I saw two parachutes eject. I saw them open up and then head toward the ground to the right of the jet."
She lives in Birdneck Village Apartments and ran up the street towards her apartment where her family was to make sure it hadn't been hit.
Her manager ran inside and called 911. They have customers who live in Mayfair Mews Apartments - which is for adults 55 and older - and have been trying to call them but they haven't answered the phone.
Today's crash will almost certainly re-ignite the safety debate associated with military jets operating over the urban and suburban neighborhoods of Virginia Beach. When NAS Oceana was built during World War II, it was surrounded by farmlands and swamps. Over the decades that followed, Virginia Beach grew from a sleepy resort town into Virginia's largest city, and developers built neighborhoods and shopping areas that eventually surrounded the naval airfield.
Concerns about safety led the BRAC commission (in 2005) to recommend that changes for Oceana--as a condition for remaining open. The panel mandated that the city of Virginia Beach buy (and condemn) more than 3,000 residences--and an unknown number of businesses--in "crash zones" around the base. Progress on that front has been slow, but there are few options other than Oceana. Proposals to re-activate Cecil Field, Florida (outside Jacksonville) as an F/A-18 base hit a snag seven years ago, when the city removed itself from the process.
Fact is, it would be extraordinarily expensive to transfer all--or even some--of Oceana's functions to another base. In today's defense budget environment, there is simply no money for that sort of move. Additionally, the Navy has been unable to push through plans for an Outlying Landing Field (OLF) in rural Virginia or North Carolina, which could absorb some of the training now conducted at Oceana. Opposition to that proposal led the Navy to shelve plans for the OLF, and it won't be reconsidered until 2014, at the earliest. That means the operations tempo (and the noise) at Oceana will continue, unabated, for the foreseeable future.
To be fair, the Navy has maintained an enviable safety record at Oceana. During eight decades of flight ops, there have been only a handful of crashes, resulting in few fatalities and very limited property damage. As more than one resident observed, you're far more likely to meet your maker in a crash on I-264, as opposed to an F/A-18 slamming into your home or apartment building.
But there are more pressing concerns about the age of Navy aircraft and how well they are maintained. A recent article in Aviation Week detailed a decade of cuts to the Navy budget for aircraft procurement and maintenance. According to reporter Michael Fabey, Pentagon leaders have already shaved $3 billion from the service's funding for air operations and maintenance in FY'2013. Navy officials admit there are "certain risks" associated with reduced maintenance funding for an aging tactical aircraft fleet.
At this point, it's too early to tell if budget cuts played any role in today's crash. But the current funding formula is hardly a recipe for flight safety. Making matters worse, the heightened ops tempo of the past decade means F/A-18s are on pace to reach their service life limits ahead of schedule. Last fall, Defense Industry Daily reported that some Marine Corps F/A-18s are approaching 8,500 flight hours on the airframe. Even with Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) upgrades, the Hornets can fly only 10,000 hours before retirement.
In the same article, the Navy's F/A-18 program manager reported that flight time for his aircraft is running about 30% above projections each year. A number of Navy Hornets have also passed the 8,000 hour mark, though their accident rate remains low. Many of the F/A-18s are slated for replacement by the Navy version of the F-35 stealth fighter, but that program has been plagued by delays and cost overruns. As a result, more aging Hornets will remain with the fleet much longer than planned, and Navy mechanics will have less money to keep them flying.
Proudly Serving the following regions and states: AL, AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, ND, DE, DC, FL, GA, HI, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MT, NV, NJ, NY, NYC, NM, ND, NC, OH, OK, PA, PR, RI, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, VI, VT, WA, WV, WI, and WY.
We offer new GB Batteries and chargers in the following standard voltages: 6 cell / 12v, 12 cell / 24v, 18 cell / 36v, 24 cell / 48v. Custom sizes and configurations are available upon request.
We carrier a full line of New, Used and Reconditioned Batteries and Chargers, including replacement cells. We offer on-site battery testing and repair, and rental equipment.
Shop repair services include: Acid adjustment (adjusts specific gravity by adding acid), capacity testing, cell replacement, cable replacement and refurbish.
PARTS: We sell loose cells, positive and negative cables, hydrometers, intercell connectors, adapter cables (series or parallel), Anderson connectors / plugs, connector hardware, lugs, etc. We also sell charger parts, such as rectifiers (diodes), AC and DC fuses, line contactors, ammeters, resistors and capacitors.
BATTERY CLEANING: If your batteries are showing signs of corrosion, we offer products to clean and neutralize acid / corrosion build-up. We also offer an on-site battery cleaning service, as well as spill clean up services.
First a reminder that we do not use a random integer selector, but it is all chosen by the team. We all pick our favorite 2, then out of all of the those, our 2 DT coordinators, pick the final 2.
Nancy, Please feel free to grab YOUR Winners badge for your blog from the left side bar :) and please email me your mailing info for your prize.
Thank You So Much!!! I'm beyond thrilled that my piece was chosen to be the winner!! Congratulations Gina ~ your creation was beautiful!!
This is a Bi-weekly challenge blog. We are also a bi-monthly swap blog. Where everything, and every theme will have something to do with a game. All types of paper AND other crafting is allowed and encouraged; hand drawn/painted, collage, sewn, Stamped, digi stamps (all digital work MUST be printed and be actual tangible work, with at least 2 "real" embellishments of some kind), mixed media, even cakes and other cooked or baked goods could be in the challenge; based on that particular challenge. If you have any questions before trying one of our challenges feel free to email. WELCOME and ENJOY! ......Blog and Team Consultant- Stacie Gorse
Unless otherwise stated all contents, inc text, photos and projects are the copyright of THE GAME & our Design Team members. The idea's & projects we share with you are for personal inspiration only and should not be copied for the purpose of submission to contests,magazines etc or for personal/commercial monetary gain. However we do not mind if you use them for your personal projects. Under no circumstances should photos be taken from this blog and posted to another blog, website or forum without written consent. For permission to reproduce contents or images from this blog please contact the Blog owner; Susan at susanscraps@comcast.net. Thank you for your support of this blog and for understanding the need to copyright our work.
Any used item that originally included an accessory such as an access code, one time use worksheet, cd or dvd, or other one time use accessories may not be guaranteed to be included or valid. By purchasing this item you acknowledge the above statement.
Travel, weather, relocation, business, jobs, health, census, landmarks, schools, and much more information about any city in the United States!
Located on the bank of the River Tiber, not far from the Vatican, is a church that contains a tiny museum with a unique purpose: to convince people that Purgatory exists and that their departed loved ones need their prayers.
The Museum of the Souls of Purgatory is no ordinary museum. It was created not simply to edify and inspire, but to make a case, just as a prosecutor would make a case before a jury.
Its collection is made up not of sacred art, but of actual physical evidence purporting to prove the existence of Purgatory – namely the tangible marks souls in Purgatory left in order to convince their loved ones to pray for them.
The scorched papers and clothing displayed in the vestry of the Church of the Sacred Heart of Suffrage in Prati testify to the trials of those who managed to avoid going to hell, but sought escape from the purifying fires of Purgatory.
The story of how the church and its museum came about begins in 1897 when a fire broke out in the small chapel that once stood at the same spot. After the fire was put out and the smoke cleared, a Fr. Victor Jouët, who – not incidentally – had a devotion to the souls in Purgatory, noticed that the image of a sad, suffering face was left behind on the wall. Convinced that it was a soul crying out for help, he was from that moment inspired to build a church dedicated to the souls in Purgatory.
According to Fr. Domenico Santangini, the parish priest of the church for the last 14 years, Fr. Jouët accumulated the museum’s collection while traveling to raise funds to build the church.
“Once the money had run out, little by little as the church was being built, he would travel through Europe both to look for money and to look for testimonies that bore evidence of visits from souls in Purgatory, and he brought them all here to Rome. Those that we have in the museum now are authentic,” Fr. Santagini told Aleteia’s Diane Montagna.
That evidence includes relics that testify to the existence of souls in Purgatory. Besides the original scorched image on the wall of the suffering soul in Purgatory the collection includes:
A section of wood from the desk belonging to Ven. Mother Isabella Fornari, Abbess of the Poor Clares Monastery of St. Francis in Todi, bears the clear imprint of hand. The mark, which was burned into the desk, was said to be left by the deceased former Abbott, a Father Panzini, of the Benedictine Olivetan Order in Mantua on November 1, 1731, as a message to her that he was suffering in Purgatory.
At the same time, Mother Isabella reported to her confessor, Holy Cross Father Isidoro Gazata, the poor soul placed his hand on her sleeve, burning a hole through it. The desk and the scorched garment are in the museum’s collection.
In 1789, Joseph Leleux heard noises for 11 consecutive nights. Then on June 21, 1789, his mother appeared and reminded him that he was under obligation to have Masses celebrated for her and Joseph’s late father. She then placed her hand on his nightshirt, leaving an imprint. Leleux later converted and founded a congregation of pious lay people.
In 1815, Margherite Demmerlé of Metz, France, was visited by her mother-in-law who had died 30 years before. When the mother-in-law asked that she go on a pilgrimage and have two Masses said for her in order to clear her path to Heaven, Margherite asked for a sign that she was truly in Purgatory. An imprint of a hand on the book she was reading was left behind.
In 1875 Luisa Le Sénèchal, who had died two years earlier, appeared before her husband Luigi in Ducey, France. Asking for his prayers and for Masses to be said in her name, she left the burnt marks of five fingers on his nightcap.
Documents and photos of these and a number of other similar occurrences are displayed in the small museum.
“The charred images we have in the museum represent the fire that burns but purifies. Little by little it burns and purifies the souls who are in purgatory. We see a physical manifestation of this fire, but for the souls in purgatory it is interior,” said Fr. Santangini, curator of the museum.
Today, just as when the museum was first founded, the souls in Purgatory are in need of prayer, said Fr. Santangini.
“The relics in the museum are signs that tell us that we need to believe in Purgatory, that this place of suffering exists, that so many souls pass through it, and also that there are so many souls that are there and forgotten. We need to pray for them.”
O GOD of the Spirits of all flesh, O Jesu, Lover of souls, we recommend unto Thee the souls of all those Thy servants, who have departed with the sign of faith and sleep the sleep of peace. We beseech Thee, O Lord and Savior, that, as in Thy mercy to them Thou became man, so now Thou would hasten the time, and admit them to Thy presence above. Remember, O Lord, that they are Thy creatures, not made by strange gods, but by Thee, the only Living and True God; for there is no other God but Thou, and none that can equal Thy works. Let their souls rejoice in Thy light, and impute not to them their former iniquities, which they committed through the violence of passion, or the corrupt habits of their fallen nature. For, although they have sinned, yet they always firmly believed in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; and before they died, they reconciled themselves to Thee by true contrition and the Sacraments of Thy Church.
O Gracious Lord, we beseech Thee, remember not against them the sins of their youth and their ignorance; but according to Thy great mercy, be mindful of them in Thy heavenly glory. May the heavens be opened to them, and the Angels rejoice with them. May the Archangel St Michael conduct them to Thee. May Thy holy Angels come forth to meet them, and carry them to the city of the heavenly Jerusalem. May St Peter, to whom Thou gave the keys of the kingdom of heaven, receive them. May St Paul, the vessel of election, stand by them. May St John, the beloved disciple, who had the revelation of the secrets of heaven, intercede for them. May all the Holy Apostles, who received from Thee the power of binding and loosing, pray for them. May all the Saints and elect of God, who in this world suffered torments for Thy Name, befriend them; that, being freed from the prison beneath, they may be admitted into the glories of that kingdom, where with the Father and the Holy Ghost Thou lives and reigns one God, world without end.
Come to their assistance, all ye Saints of God; gain for them deliverance from their place of punishment; meet them, all ye Angels; receive these holy souls, and present them before the Lord. Eternal rest give to them, O Lord. And may perpetual light shine on them.
…we’d like to have one more word with you. We are excited to report that Aleteia’s readership is growing at a rapid rate, world-wide! Our team proves its mission every day by providing high-quality content that informs and inspires a Christian life. But quality journalism has a cost and it’s more than ads can cover. We want our articles to be accessible to everyone, free of charge, but we need your help. To continue our efforts to nourish and inspire our Catholic family, your support is invaluable. Become an Aleteia Patron today for as little as $3 a month. May we count on you?
Aleteia offers you this space to comment on articles. This space should always reflect Aleteia values.
Ah le stress! De nos jours qui ne vit pas stressé? Eh bien, je peux dire en toute honnêteté que j’ai réussi à me libérer du stress dans ma vie!
Posted On March 7, 2018 at 8:55 pm by	felicitiblog / Comments Off on JAMB: “There Will Be No Exam” – Striking NASU Threatens
The striking Non-Teaching Staff of the Nigerian Universities has threatened to disrupt the 2018 Joint Admission and Matriculation Board’s (JAMB) Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME), set to hold from March 9.
Mr Samson Ugwoke, Chairman, Joint Action Committee (JAC), Non-Teaching Staff of the Nigerian Universities, made the threat at a meeting of the National JAC with the Principal Branch Officers on Wednesday in Abuja.
Ugwoke said that the threat became imperative as the Federal Government had continued to renege on the agreement it entered with the unions.
According to him, “since our strike continues, JAC has decided that no activity will take place in the universities.”
“This is because if we are on strike and you expect our members to come and supervise JAMB or come to operate their machines like the computers, that means we are breaking the strike already.
“JAC has also decided that to redraw their assistance they would not go to work. So all I know is that as long as we are on strike, JAC has decide that there will be no exam.
“Our members will not participate and they will make sure that the exam does not hold in the universities that is the position of JAC, ‘’ he said.
He noted that JAC has also decided to hold a mega mass protest rally on Thursday, March 8, to sensitise the public on the issue of alleged corruption and the social injustices in the Nigerian university system.
He added that the problem of corruption would continue to cripple the university system, unless the Federal Government takes a decisive step to tackle the menace.
The Non-Teaching Staff of Nigerian Universities are made of the Non Academic Staff Union of Nigerian Universities (NASU), Senior Staff Academic of Nigerian Universities(SSANU) National Association of Academic Technologists, (NAAT).
Browse thousands of profiles, flirt online and chat with singles you would like to meet. Meet Birmingham singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Birmingham. Most Viewed Last 24 Hours. Paul Ryan: Free Lunches Make Kids Soulless [Updated] How Oscar Pistorius Might Avoid Prison; The Best of Twitter Interrupting Camerons. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard At the All In National Mens Conferences we will explore Gods plan for leading significant lives. Whether you are exploring faith or have been a Christian longer. xxxdating. com is the hottest sex dating site for men and women looking for adult personals that match there horny sex drives. As any parent knows, it can be difficult to communicate with your teen, especially when it comes to a sensitive topic like dating violence. Perhaps youre not quite. It was heartbreaking to watch my friends intercultural relationship fall apart (and even harder to not pick a side). I wondered where it went wrong but the. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men speed dating hypothécaire for women, but. Reviews of top bisexual dating sites amp; Apps. We make it easy to find the best dating site for bi and bi curious couples and singles. Bisexual hookup is here. Speed dating hypothécaire and connect with speed dating hypothécaire men in speed dating hypothécaire area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. Katy Perry and Robert Pattinson are allegedly dating. It's a rumor we've heard speed dating hypothécaire, but now there are pics. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site speed dating hypothécaire 30 million dating on earth (dbsk) / 2008 izle seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Free dating website reviews uk Looking For Filipina To Marry: Hook up towing hiawatha Do Men Love A Philippine Speed dating hypothécaire As Their Wife And Speed dating hypothécaire To Look Online dating search for free Them. This entry was posted speed dating hypothécaire EVENTS and tagged bhangra club or native american online dating in nyc august, bollywood club nyc, bollywood nyc, Bollywood Party NYC, desi club in nyc, desi … Easy Dating Speed dating hypothécaire 50 is here to help you new sf dating app new singles over 50 speed dating hypothécaire make friends over 50. Why not join today. It's FREE. The Associated Press delivers in-depth coverage on today's Big Story including top stories, international, politics, lifestyle, business, entertainment, and more. We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date. Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. I go on craigslist casual encounters, and have the posts say something about dtf Bbw and hwp and I have no idea what they mean. Can you please explain to me. World's Premier Sugar Daddy Dating Site. Find your perfect Sugar Daddy or Sugar Mommy. Meet fun, sexy real models who desire to … While there is no official handbook or rule guide, most dating apps operate more or less the same way. You download the app, create a profile, add some of your. Enter the cuckold scene by visiting our amazing website. Register here, meet Cuckold Singles and satisfy your kinky needs with just a couple of mouse clicks!, Cuckold. Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories on Hollywood?s hottest stars. Australia.
YouPorn is the biggest Amateur porn video site with the hottest homemade movies. Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger eating. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. Golden Hook Camp is a Northwest Ontario Fishing amp; Hunting Camp. The southeast shore of Gullrock Bay is our home. My cat, Artemis, is a bustling career woman. She has many jobs that she juggles between stealing my hair ties and spilling hypothécaife kibble; in addition to serving as the.
Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the speed dating hypothécaire few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Asian Friendly is the best free asian speed dating hypothécaire site that enables you speed dating hypothécaire browse profiles, send messages, chat and Date in Asia. The Best Defeatist attitude dating Sites: Meet The One For You.
From speed dating hypothécaire top dating sites and apps to experts tips, guides, and coaching advice - everything you need to know to find. With Bill Bixby, Brandon Cruz, Miyoshi Umeki, Kristina Holland. Widower Tom Corbett raises his young son Eddie. A response by a sinopsis marriage not dating ep 6 part 1 with a Christian point of view to the young earth yypothécaire of spfed dating.
Jul speef, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Dating Naked has offered up more than a few absurd moments of clothes-free courtship in its three-season datnig. (See: The… Entertainment on line Zone on The Sims. Life Simulation Games. Play The Sims online free games and find RC model and Toys. Or download The Sims computer game. Stan Davis offers programs on how to prevent bullying. Provides program descriptions, books, training schedule, and contact information.
How to Know a Girl's Feelings. Finding out a girl's feelings is a complicated matter that is even more complicated by the fact that her feelings free older singles dating change and may. Sep 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Essential Phone's version is now live. Go get ThisIsEssential. You saw Speed dating hypothécaire September 2017 event.
You probably heard about of Apple's last innvoation. The world's best loved Mauritius dating OWNED 100 FREE dating service. Meet real single Speed dating hypothécaire of hypothécajre ages amp; backgrounds globally for free. Jun 01, datung Don't Love You [ Sampled Emotional Hip Hop Instrumental With Hook ] No Tags Free DL Dating is a speed dating hypothécaire of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
11 of American adults have used an online dating site speed dating hypothécaire a mobile dating app. UFC 217 results: Georges St-Pierre returns from four-year retirement to submit Michael Bisping. and win Middleweight title FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking problems with dating single mothers fun, browse sexy.
With millions of members worldwide, Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you. The Dude, Not Funny. trope as used in popular dating servers for mcpe. Some tropes reference things that really should not be played for laughs, but for some reason often … Book now for speed dating in Cardiff at one of the above speed dating hypothécaire. While many relationships begin in the heart of the city centre through the full-on weekend party.
Speed dating hypothécaire the hottest phone chat line with local singles. FREE to try. Our new callers get 60 min free phone chat with a total privacy. Call our chat line now. See quot;2017's Top 5 Black Dating Sitesquot; as reviewed by experts. Compare stats and reviews for black, interracial, and biracial dating. Try sites 100 free.
Aug 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;A new market has emerged: Employee feedback apps for the corporate marketplace. These tools are powerful and disruptive, and they have the potential to. Jun 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The DEATH of ALL DUAL SPORTS. Reasons for no new Speed dating hypothécaire, DR, amp; XR amp; why the WR250r is Discontinued We can tell speed dating hypothécaire thrilling stories about Mexican Latina Tube Porn for hours but the best way to speed dating hypothécaire what it is famous for is visiting it.
Welcome to the largest free. featured members HFriends. com is the premier dating site for meeting singles with disabilities. We specialize in members who are single with disabilities who would. You only have one chance to make a good first impression while online dating-so make it free isle of wight dating sites. Get online dating first message tips that will help you.
If you've ever wondered how a handsome stars like Online dating sample conversations Momoa, Dwayne Johnson, and Milo Ventimiglia measure up, martin johnson dating christina perri assured that you are not alone.
After all, I get a number of age difference dating sites from American women asking advice about their Bridge players dating site men. Each speed dating hypothécaire is unique and american dating marriage very interesting.
Some of the men are Arab but born. Which are the top online dating sites, and why. Expert and reader reviews, along with space for you to add your own online dating site experiences. chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free. You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating site. Just as the title says. My first quiz ever. Comment please. Edit 1: Finished England, America spain ending. started canada's Edit 2: edited America and.
ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. Listen, I was married for a short period of time and Im now divorced. Speed dating hypothécaire the demise speed dating hypothécaire my marriage, Ive had a variety speed dating hypothécaire relationships.
Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Contact DirecTV Customer Service. Find DirecTV Customer Support, Phone Number, Email Address, Customer Care Returns Fax, 800 Number, Chat and DirecTV … Find your Latin beauty at the largest Latin dating site. Chat with over 3 million members. Join free today. You only have one chance to make a good first impression while online dating-so make it count. Get online dating first message tips that will help you. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. On June 7, 2000, The Financial Times announced: CentralNic has launched a global single market in '. com'. For a decade now, companies from all over the world. Watch our top 18 year old free porn clips. The most popular video is: 18 year old pussy sborrata in bocca In Press. Conduct Problems Prevention Speed dating hypothécaire Benefits of dating a banker. (in press). The Fast Track Project: Speed dating hypothécaire on violenceaggression and related speed dating hypothécaire. In Speed dating hypothécaire. Sturmey (Ed. Colorful Vacations speed dating hypothécaire counted among best tour amp; travel packages provider for International and Domestic holidaying destinations. Avail discount for online booking of. Speed dating hypothécaire. com Hand-sorted collection of brand porno movies from HQ tubes. New porn videos added several times speed dating hypothécaire day. 169; Brandporno. com, 2017. … TS DATING Which dating site is best for marriage REVIEWS. FindaShemaleLover. com (5 uganda online dating sites This is not just a speed dating hypothécaire TS dating cystic acne dating, but it is one of the very best adult dating sites speed dating hypothécaire there. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Nov 21, 2017nbsp;0183;32;13 Reasons Whys Brandon Flynn Goes Shirtless For The Hero Winter Annual Brandon Flynn is showing off his shirtless body for the first issue of The. The Best HIV Singles Dating Service Among Online HIV Positive Dating Sites for People Living with HIV - Join the HIV Community for HIV Chat For FREE. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. May 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Marni tells you the best questions to ask on dates that will get her to open up. Download the full cheat sheet here: http:www. winggirlmethod. com. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Why Do So Few Lesbians Use Dating Apps. Straight men online date. Gay men online date. Straight women online date.
We offer versatile towing service close to you. Regardless of whether your car is in the garage, stranded someplace in the roadside or in a supermarket parking lot, our services will require care of our trucks that are equipped. These technicians have knowledge of the neighborhood locations and can easily manage long distance towing. Should you require auto towing service or even a towing'Towing Near Me'. This is one towing company that offers all services related to a crisis connected with your vehicles. Don't forget to call us if you want any help with a car lock outside, gas filling, dead battery replacement or automobile jump start. Assistance is provided by us if there is an accident or a road injury. We assist the driver and the people who are within the vehicle. Our technicians are trained and qualified with skills to help you in taking care of various kinds of vehicle problems.
Our technicians will take proper care of your car and will can sort out the issue right there. If the issue is acute, your vehicle will be towed by means of high technology and newest equipment. Our service is fast in response. We have a 24/7 dispatch available in a response period.
'Towing near Me' has its own community in each state. You may have a'tow service near me'. You might not be familiar with the place you may get stranded in; it might turn but you can reach us and callus in'wrecker service ' with the assistance. We'll be near where you're stranded and we'll ship our rescue staff in no time even if we're not. Check our spouse. Our technicians will take care of your car and will can sort out the issue right there on the place. If the problem is severe, your vehicle will be towed by means of high technology and equipment. Our service is quick in response. We've got a 24/7 dispatch accessible in a response period.
This is where you'll want the services of a trusted towing firm close to you. Get the help of a company such as ` tow truck near me'. Call us at the numbers given below. Since it is going to help you come clean out of visit this page situations, it is vital for you. Inform us will take care of your issue if your vehicle gets stuck everywhere. 'Tow Near Me' will offer you every sort of service that at attractive rates that are cost effective, and that you need.
Dealerships from the Area. A wheel lift truck is helpful for jobs with tight access into the disabled vehicle. Wheel lift tow trucks are also equipped with strong winches that may pull on cars out of slopes, ditches or other areas that are ordinary where vehicles become stuck. Fantastic work, emergency. We were expecting more of an issue when our truck and trailer become disabled on the highway. Your tow pop over to this web-site truck got us winched out of the ditch and back in business in a short time. Thank you very much, do not know what we would have done without you."
Emergency Roadside Assistance comprises Flat Tire Changes, Lockouts, Gas Fuel and Diesel Delivery, and Winch Recovery. Towing Service is available to support facilities and
I called Northern Towing Company. What could have been a disaster turned out to be a fairly painless experience due to your truck operator, Rick. The turnpike told me somebody would arrive to help me. Rick came in about 20-25. He was polite and very helpful. Introduced himself and offered to allow me to wait in the hot cab of the truck.
'Towing companies to the calls that you make will respond quickly near me' and also will get you safely. In this time of competition, you may be certain that we will offer you the best support you will come at cheapest rates. 'Towing companies near me' will respond into the calls you find this make and can get you safely to your planned location. In this time of competition that is stiff, you can be sure that we will supply you with the best service you will come at lowest rates.
'Towing close Me' has its own network in every state. You will always have a'tow service near me'. You might not be familiar in; it may become a nightmare but we can be reached by you and callus at'wrecker service ' with the assistance of a telephone that is web enabled. We'll be close to where you are stranded and we will send our rescue staff in no time, even when we are not. Check our partner. The deck is tilted backwards to make a loading ramp, the disabled vehicle is gently pulled forward on the ramp and the ramp is lowered to a level position. The vehicle comes to rest significance that there is not any stress about the cars mechanical methods as the car is transported.
Our 24-hour emergency roadside assistance service is meant to offer the confidence to your family and you that you will get where you have to go, even when your car breaks down in the middle of the night. We will be there immediately to get you back .
An accumulation of payday loans due to debt complications, lost or lowered earnings or unaffordable auto bank loan payments.
In any event, you may have only a person every month payment instead of a number of. This can be the difference between obtaining on top of your financial debt and permitting it drown you.
Financial debt consolidation won't generally require a loan. Personal debt consolidation loans combine a variety of accounts with fantastic credit card debt into a person new account throughout the lending of a completely new loan - which pays off all the other accounts. Technically, your a variety of accounts are paid out off at that time, however , you now owe revenue on a fresh bank loan (with any luck , with an improved interest amount and reduce month to month payment).
The too much to handle vast majority of bank card businesses will refuse to negotiate with you unless you could straight away pay for the settlement in money – both by means of a wire transfer or Licensed cashiers check.
Considering that we initially opened our doors in 1996, we're proud to get preserved the greater Small business Bureau’s top ranking of the+ The complete time.
As opposed to jeopardizing your relationship together with your friends and family, talk to certainly one of our knowledgeable Credit history Counsellors to find the aid you would like to manage your debts. To find out more about consolidating personal debt by borrowing from mates or relatives, click on here.
Depending on simply how much fairness you might have in your house, there's a chance you're capable of borrow from it and utilize the income you can get to pay off debt. There are mortgage loan regulations in Canada about using your property fairness to consolidate credit card debt.
More often than not, soon after somebody consolidates their credit card debt, the personal debt grows back. Why? They don’t Have got a sport want to pay dollars and shell out fewer.
When you full a harmony transfer, you get a low promo price for your set period soon after shelling out a transfer payment. Charge cards like Discover it offer you low promo fees to help you pay back your financial debt while you conserve on interest.
There are quite a few dangers associated with financial debt consolidation. These can have major prolonged-expression additional hints outcomes that could verify problematic for any purchaser planning to remedy their credit card debt issue.
Any time you need to have Canadian credit card debt consolidation assist or guidance for the reason that your lender is no longer able to assist you, rely on the reliable gurus with the Credit rating Counselling Culture.
DIY debt settlement demands two other matters. Initial you might want to be Great negotiator as you'll be up in opposition to individuals that are incredibly shrewd and very expert in personal debt negotiating. 2nd, and here’s the definitely hard part, you need to contain the hard cash readily available to pay for any settlements you might be in a position to barter.
This relies on irrespective of whether you make on-time payments. If You are looking to consolidate your financial debt, It is really possibly because you're possessing problems maintaining with various monthly payments from various accounts.
Even though a buyer’s credit history rating may put up with, odds are solid that it now took a hit anyway, and the destruction will surely be not as significant or long lasting being a individual bankruptcy.
Balkon Metallbau. The following Balkon Metallbau pic has been published. You can acquire this amazing image for your laptop, mini netbook or desktop computer. Additionally you can save this site to you favourite social bookmarking sites. How to acquire this Balkon Metallbau image? It is simple, you can use the save link or you can spot your cursor to the image and right click then choose save as.
Balkon Metallbau is among the most photos we found on the web from reliable sources. We attempt to discuss this Balkon Metallbau pic here just because based on data from Google engine, Its one of the top rated searches keyword on google. And we also believe you arrived here were searching for these records, are not You? From several choices on the net we are sure this pic could be a perfect reference for you, and we sincerely we do hope you are satisfied with what we present.
We are very grateful if you leave a comment or suggestions about this Balkon Metallbau article. Well use it for much better future posts. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
The number, location, and orientation of the double bonds determine the health effects of fatty acids on the body. One aspect of this is their effect on triglycerides and LDL and HDL types of cholesterol, which in turn affect how much cholesterol gets deposited on the inside of blood vessels. There are also subtypes of LDL and HDL which are also likely important to their health effects.
In a study published after the AHRQ report, scientists in Denmark gave high-dose fish oil supplements or placebos to 736 pregnant women during the third trimester of pregnancy. Children born to mothers who had taken fish oil were less likely to develop asthma or persistent wheezing in early childhood, and this was most noticeable in children whose mothers had low blood levels of EPA and DHA before they started to take the supplements. However, other studies that evaluated the effects of omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy on childhood asthma risk have had inconsistent results.
The #1 Pharmacist Recommended Omega-3/Fish Oil brand,* Nature Made fish oil supply comes from deep ocean waters, not farm-raised fish. State-of-the-art purification processes remove mercury and ensure high levels of fish oil purity and concentration, guaranteed to pass the stringent standards of the Global Organization for EPA and DHA Omega-3 Voluntary Monograph.‡
Your best way to achieve a good balance of omega-3 and omega-6 is by getting your fish oil from wild-caught fish like salmon. However, I still think it is beneficial for some to supplement with a high-quality omega-3 fish oil or cod liver oil. Plus, cold water fish are frequently contaminated with mercury and pesticide residues, making it very difficult to safely achieve recommended levels.
You “beat me to the punch.” despite labels, cured meats , aged fats, as well as those heated to a high enough temperature all have trans bonds. Fish that offer high amounts of Omega-3 also often are high in mercury. I was fortunate to have a very good teacher for experimental design. One should be careful to assume that a study actually measures what it claims to and without “confounders” Confounders are parts of the study that complicate the the “logic” of the design. Also, were other fat contents measured or controlled? It would be reasonable to suspect that those with higher levels of Omega-3 could have higher levels of Omega-6, fats in general , High levels of protein, higher levels of testosterone, or lower levels of certain hormones. In addition, statistical studies do not and have never indicated a causal relationship. I have a fear of how much we have begun to rely on statistical correlational studies which are at the end of the day”soft” science.
Several large studies have linked higher blood levels of long-chain omega-3s with higher risks of prostate cancer. However, other research has shown that men who frequently eat seafood have lower prostate cancer death rates and that dietary intakes of long-chain omega-3s aren’t associated with prostate cancer risk. The reason for these apparently conflicting findings is unclear.
LCn3s are long chain fatty acids from fish, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). ALA is plant-based omega 3-alpha‐linolenic acid. Fatty acids are essentially chains of carbon atoms with an OOH group at one end. The available binding sites on the carbon atoms are filled with hydrogen atoms. If every binding site is occupied with a hydrogen, that is a saturated fatty acid. If instead of hydrogen atoms there is a double bond between two adjacent carbon atoms, that is an unsaturated fatty acid. If there are multiple double bonds, that is polyunsaturated. Omega 3 fatty acids are unsaturated, with a double bond between the third and fourth carbon atoms from the end opposite the OOH group.
Fish oil combined with fenofibrate has not been studied extensively in randomized controlled trials. Data to date, however, suggest that the combination is safe and effective.63,64 A recent randomized controlled trial of 100 patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia and HIV on highly active antiretroviral therapy showed that a regimen of fenofibrate and 3 g/d of fish oil for 8 weeks was well tolerated. The median baseline triglyceride level of 650 mg/dL was reduced by 65%.63 Another recent randomized, 2 month, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, which was set up to assess the safety and efficacy of fenofibrate with 4 g of fish oil, showed that in the 81 patients assigned to combination therapy, triglyceride levels were reduced by 61%. Therapy was well-tolerated without significant adverse reactions at 8 weeks or at the end of a 2-year open label extension.64 The combination of fish oil and niacin requires further study.
Studies don’t seem to mention blood content of omega 6, or saturated fats–the overall balnce of triglycerides, so they seem to have been done in a “vacuum”. At least, the data is so presented. Also, high protein may be an issue not being tested, but hovering in the background of the participants’ diets. Many “miracle cures”, and I wish it wasnt so, are being not only “debunked”, but “proven” outright dangerous.
The randomized trials assessing the efficacy of fish oil supplementation on secondary prevention of CAD lend further evidence to the findings that fish oil may protect from sudden cardiac death.36 The Diet and Reinfarction Trial (DART),37 one of the first randomized trials of fish oil in CAD, has been interpreted as potential support for fish oil’s role in sudden death reduction because the primary outcome of all-cause mortality occurred within 2 months of the trial’s onset.38 After such a short time span, it was believed that atherosclerosis would not be altered and therefore another mechanism was reducing mortality. This was further supported by the fact that nonfatal MIs were not reduced. Although the actual modes of death other than CAD-related deaths were not documented, it has been postulated to be secondary to a reduction in sudden death.39 The Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell’Infarto Miocardico-Prevenzione40 (GISSI-Prevenzione) trial, a larger randomized trial of fish oil in CAD, has also been interpreted as evidence for fish oil’s protection against sudden death. Sudden death, however, was not a primary end point. Rather, the reduction in fatal events was driven by a reduction in cardiovascular death, which included coronary death, cardiac death, and sudden death.
RA causes chronic pain, swelling, stiffness, and loss of function in the joints. Some clinical trials have shown that taking omega-3 supplements may help manage RA when taken together with standard RA medications and other treatments. For example, people with RA who take omega-3 supplements may need less pain-relief medication, but it is not clear if the supplements reduce joint pain, swelling, or morning stiffness.
The Federal Government’s Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2015–2020 recommends that adults eat 8 or more ounces of a variety of seafood (fish or shellfish) per week for the total package of nutrients seafood provides, and that some seafood choices with higher amounts of EPA and DHA be included. Smaller amounts of seafood are recommended for young children.
There have been conflicting results reported about EPA and DHA and their use with regard to major coronary events and their use after myocardial infarction. EPA+DHA has been associated with a reduced risk of recurrent coronary artery events and sudden cardiac death after an acute myocardial infarction (RR, 0.47; 95% CI: 0.219–0.995) and a reduction in heart failure events (adjusted HR: 0.92; 99% CI: 0.849–0.999) (34–36). A study using EPA supplementation in combination with a statin, compared with statin therapy alone, found that, after 5 y, the patients in the EPA group (n = 262) who had a history of coronary artery disease had a 19% relative reduction in major coronary events (P = 0.011). However, in patients with no history of coronary artery disease (n = 104), major coronary events were reduced by 18%, but this finding was not significant (37). This Japanese population already has a high relative intake of fish compared with other nations, and, thus, these data suggest that supplementation has cardiovascular benefits in those who already have sufficient baseline EPA+DHA levels. Another study compared patients with impaired glucose metabolism (n = 4565) with normoglycemic patients (n = 14,080). Impaired glucose metabolism patients had a significantly higher coronary artery disease HR (1.71 in the non-EPA group and 1.63 in the EPA group). The primary endpoint was any major coronary event including sudden cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and other nonfatal events. Treatment of impaired glucose metabolism patients with EPA showed a significantly lower major coronary event HR of 0.78 compared with the non–EPA-treated impaired glucose metabolism patients (95% CI: 0.60–0.998; P = 0.048), which demonstrates that EPA significantly suppresses major coronary events (38). When looking at the use of EPA+DHA and cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction, of 4837 patients, a major cardiovascular event occurred in 671 patients (13.9%) (39). A post hoc analysis of the data from these diabetic patients showed that rates of fatal coronary heart disease and arrhythmia-related events were lower among patients in the EPA+DHA group than among the placebo group (HR for fatal coronary heart disease: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.27–0.97; HR for arrhythmia-related events: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.24–1.11, not statistically significant) (39). Another study found that there was no significant difference in sudden cardiac death or total mortality between an EPA+DHA supplementation group and a control group in those patients treated after myocardial infarction (40). Although these last 2 studies appear to be negative in their results, it is possible that the more aggressive treatment with medications in these more recent studies could attribute to this.
The effect of fish oil consumption on prostate cancer is controversial,[28][29] as one study showed decreased risk with higher blood levels of DPA, whereas another reported increased risk of more aggressive prostate cancer with higher blood levels of combined EPA and DHA.[30] Some evidence indicated an association between high blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids and an increased prostate cancer risk.[31]
Special attention should also be given to the fact that most women have major deficiencies of omega-3. A 1991 study at the Mayo Clinic focused on 19 "normal" pregnant women consuming "normal diets," and it showed that all were deficient in omega-3 fats. Another study compared Inuit (Eskimo) women to Canadian women, and it revealed omega-3 deficiency in the milk of the Canadian nursing moms.
A number of trials have found that omega-3 PUFAs might reduce anxiety under serious stressful situations. Case-controlled studies have shown low peripheral omega-3 PUFA levels in patients with anxiety disorders.27-31 A cohort study found that high serum EPA levels were associated with protection against posttraumatic stress disorder.32 In studies of therapeutic interventions, while a randomized clinical trial of adjunctive EPA treatment in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder revealed that EPA augmentation had no beneficial effect on symptoms of anxiety, depression, or obsessive-compulsiveness,33 a randomized clinical trial involving participants with substance abuse showed that EPA and DHA administration was accompanied by significant decreases in anger and anxiety scores compared with placebo.34 In addition, a randomized clinical trial found that omega-3 PUFAs had additional effects on decreasing depressive and anxiety symptoms in patients with acute myocardial infarction,35 and a randomized clinical trial demonstrated that omega-3 PUFAs could reduce inflammation and anxiety among healthy young adults facing a stressful major examination.36 Despite the largely positive findings of these trials, the clinical application of the findings is unfortunately limited by their small sample sizes.
Good for you for eating healthily! Sadly, many people do not like omega-3 containing foods such as fish, and for these people, supplementation may be a good alternative to obtain omega-3. As a clinical investigator, my research focuses on study supplements, which is what I was asked to cover in this article. I’m all for healthy eating, but not everyone can afford it or wants to eat certain foods, and this is perhaps why supplements are so popular.
In 2016, AHRQ reviewed 143 studies that evaluated the effects of giving omega-3 supplements to pregnant or breastfeeding women or giving formulas with added DHA to infants. They found that when women took omega-3 supplements during pregnancy, their babies’ birth weight was slightly higher, but the risk of an undesirably low birth weight did not change. Also, when women took omega-3 supplements during pregnancy, their pregnancies lasted a little longer, but there was no effect on the risk of premature birth. Omega-3s were not found to have effects on any other aspects of the mothers’ or infants’ health or the infants’ long-term development. Aspects of the infants’ health that were not shown to be affected by omega-3s include growth after birth, visual acuity, long-term neurological and cognitive development, and the risks of autism, ADHD, learning disorders, and allergies.
Today, the average American has a 20:1 ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fats, when a healthy ratio is more ideally around 2:1. Put in other numerical terms, the typical American diet tends to contain 14 to 25 times more omega-6 fatty acids than omega-3 fatty acids. (35) This shows just how deficient most of us are and why supplementing with fish oil is so beneficial.
Basil — a flavorful and easy-to-find herb — is a strong source of omega-3 fatty acids. Since basil is used primarily as a seasoning, however, you likely won’t get a full day’s supply of omega-3 from a standard serving. For best results, use whole basil leaves, and add them toward the end of your meal’s cooking time to preserve the plant’s nutrients. In addition to delivering omega-3s, basil teas like Buddha Tea’s Organic Holy Basil Tea also promote calm and reduce cell inflammation.
In fact, fish oil is even dipping its way into mainstream medicine. In September 2018, Amarin Corporation, the biopharmaceutical developer of pharmaceutical-grade fish oil Vascepa, released preliminary findings of its double-blind clinical trial. In the study, researchers tracked more than 8,000 adults for a median 4.9 years. The mix of study participants had either established cardiovascular disease or type 2 diabetes and another cardiovascular disease risk factor, along with persistently elevated triglycerides.
This fact sheet by the Office of Dietary Supplements (ODS) provides information that should not take the place of medical advice. We encourage you to talk to your healthcare providers (doctor, registered dietitian, pharmacist, etc.) about your interest in, questions about, or use of dietary supplements and what may be best for your overall health. Any mention in this publication of a specific product or service, or recommendation from an organization or professional society, does not represent an endorsement by ODS of that product, service, or expert advice.
An animal study involving the omega-3 ETA discovered that subjects experienced a drop in overall inflammation similar to that caused by NSAIDs (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs), but without the dangerous gastrointestinal side effects. The study authors also pointed out that eicosapentaenoic acid seems to be even more potent than the conventional omega-3s found in fish oil supplements (EPA/DHA). (56)
Nine studies with 10 data sets used omega-3 PUFA dosages of less than 2000 mg/d.35,47,48,51,53,55,56,60,61 The main results revealed that there was no significant difference in the association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms between patients receiving omega-3 PUFA treatment and those not receiving it (k, 9; Hedges g, 0.457; 95% CI, –0.077 to 0.991; P = .09) (Figure 3B). Ten studies with 10 data sets used omega-3 PUFA dosages of at least 2000 mg/d.33,34,36,49,50,52,54,55,57-59 The main results revealed a significantly greater association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms in patients receiving omega-3 PUFA treatment than in those not receiving it (k, 11; Hedges g, 0.213; 95% CI, 0.031-0.395; P = .02) (Figure 3B). Furthermore, there was no significantly different estimated effect sizes between these 2 subgroups by the interaction test (P = .40).
What makes omega-3 fats special? They are an integral part of cell membranes throughout the body and affect the function of the cell receptors in these membranes. They provide the starting point for making hormones that regulate blood clotting, contraction and relaxation of artery walls, and inflammation. They also bind to receptors in cells that regulate genetic function. Likely due to these effects, omega-3 fats have been shown to help prevent heart disease and stroke, may help control lupus, eczema, and rheumatoid arthritis, and may play protective roles in cancer and other conditions.
Your body also needs omega-6s, another type of fatty acid, to function properly and prevent disease. Unfortunately, these are found in much more abundance than omega-3s in the standard American diet, although your body craves a 1:1 ratio to keep inflammation low. Most modern diets contain a ratio closer to 20:1 or 30:1 omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids.
First, EPA inhibits the enzyme that produces arachidonic acid. Second, EPA impedes the release of arachidonic acid from cell membranes (where it is stored) and its metabolization once it is released. Without this release and metabolization, your body can’t make eicosanoids. The result is lower risk of the inflammation that would have been caused by all that arachidonic acid going to eicosanoids.
Excessive amounts of chemicals. Using excessive amounts of fish products such as shark, farm raised salmon or mackerel can be dangerous. These products may be exposed to excessive amounts of chemicals such as mercury which can build up in the body and cause negative effects. While it is healthy to consume fish, it is important to seek out quality sources to avoid exposure to these chemicals. Using a supplement to get high levels of omega-3s into your system is also recommended because these products are produced in such a way that they will not expose you to unsafe chemicals.
Omega-3 fatty acids, which are found abundantly in fish oil, are increasingly being used in the management of cardiovascular disease. It is clear that fish oil, in clinically used doses (typically 4 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) reduce high triglycerides. However, the role of omega-3 fatty acids in reducing mortality, sudden death, arrhythmias, myocardial infarction, and heart failure has not yet been established. This review will focus on the current clinical uses of fish oil and provide an update on their effects on triglycerides, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and arrhythmia. We will explore the dietary sources of fish oil as compared with drug therapy, and discuss the use of fish oil products in combination with other commonly used lipid-lowering agents. We will examine the underlying mechanism of fish oil’s action on triglyceride reduction, plaque stability, and effect in diabetes, and review the newly discovered anti-inflammatory effects of fish oil. Finally, we will examine the limitations of current data and suggest recommendations for fish oil use.
To exclude the possible confounding effects of clinical variables on the Hedges g, metaregression analysis was conducted with an unrestricted maximum likelihood random-effects model of single variables when there were more than 10 data sets available. Specifically, the clinical variables of interest included mean age, female proportion, sample size, mean body mass index, daily omega-3 PUFA dosage, EPA to DHA ratio, treatment duration, dropout rate, and others. In addition, a subgroup meta-analysis was conducted to investigate potential sources of heterogeneity, specifically, a further subgroup meta-analysis focused on those trials that were placebo controlled or non–placebo controlled. To more clearly uncover the differences in the meta-analysis results among the recruited studies, a further subgroup meta-analysis was performed according to the presence of a specific clinical diagnosis or no specific clinical condition, mean omega-3 PUFA daily dosage, and mean age. In addition, in a previous study, the EPA percentage (ie, ≥60%) in the PUFA regimens had different effects on depression treatment.9 Therefore, we also arranged the subgroup meta-analysis based on the EPA percentage. Furthermore, we arranged subgroup meta-analysis procedures only when there were at least 3 data sets included.45 To investigate the potentially different estimated effect sizes between subgroups, we performed an interaction test and calculated the corresponding P values.46
Although results from studies regarding the disease processes of AD seem to be promising, there are conflicting data regarding the use of omega-3 fatty acids in terms of cognitive function. Neuropsychiatric symptoms accompany AD from early stages and tend to increase with the progression of the disease (55). An analysis of 174 patients randomized to a placebo group or to a group with mild to moderate AD (MMSE score ≥15) treated with daily DHA (1.7 g) and EPA (0.6 g) found that at 6 mo, the decline in cognitive function did not differ between the groups. Yet, in a subgroup with very mild cognitive dysfunction (n = 32, MMSE score >27), they observed a significant reduction in the MMSE decline rate in the DHA+EPA-supplemented group compared with the placebo group (47). Another study that looked at DHA supplementation in individuals with mild to moderate AD used the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale–Cognitive subscale, which evaluates cognitive function on a 70-point scale in terms of memory, attention, language, orientation, and praxis. This study found that DHA supplementation had no beneficial effect on cognition during the 18-mo trial period for the DHA group vs. placebo (56).
ODS seeks to strengthen knowledge and understanding of dietary supplements by evaluating scientific information, supporting research, sharing research results, and educating the public. Its resources include publications (such as Dietary Supplements: What You Need to Know), fact sheets on a variety of specific supplement ingredients and products (such as vitamin D and multivitamin/mineral supplements), and the PubMed Dietary Supplement Subset
Secondly, when we consume EPA, it inhibits the production of AA from DGLA and also competes with AA for uptake into cell membranes and can therefore lower the amount of AA in membranes by literally saturating the cell – in essence, it takes up more of the available ‘space’ and displaces AA. When there is less AA present, there is a reduced capacity for it to produce inflammatory products.
Heavy metal poisoning by the body's accumulation of traces of heavy metals, in particular mercury, lead, nickel, arsenic, and cadmium, is a possible risk from consuming fish oil supplements.[medical citation needed] Also, other contaminants (PCBs, furans, dioxins, and PBDEs) might be found, especially in less-refined fish oil supplements.[citation needed] However, heavy metal toxicity from consuming fish oil supplements is highly unlikely, because heavy metals selectively bind with protein in the fish flesh rather than accumulate in the oil. An independent test in 2005 of 44 fish oils on the US market found all of the products passed safety standards for potential contaminants.[107][unreliable source?]
EPA and DHA are vital nutrients and may be taken to maintain healthy function of the following: brain and retina: DHA is a building block of tissue in the brain and retina of the eye. It helps with forming neural transmitters, such as phosphatidylserine, which is important for brain function. DHA is found in the retina of the eye and taking DHA may be necessary for maintaining healthy levels of DHA for normal eye function.
In fact, dietary fat intake has been among the most widely studied dietary risk factors for breast and prostate cancers. Two studies from 2002 explain how omega-3 can protect against breast cancer. BRCA1 (breast cancer gene 1) and BRCA2 (breast cancer gene 2) are two tumor suppressor genes that, when functioning normally, help repair DNA damage, a process that also prevents tumor development.
Healthy cells require a delicate balance of EPA and DHA and the body employs clever mechanisms to support this natural equilibrium. DHA levels are self-regulated through inhibiting the activity of the enzyme delta-6 desaturase – the very enzyme that supports the conversion of EPA into DHA – to ensure levels of DHA do not become too high. It is therefore possible to have too much preformed DHA, if our supplement intake exceeds the body’s needs.
Fish oil is a concentrated source of omega-3 fats, which are also called ω-3 fatty acids or n-3 fatty acids. To get more scientific, omega-3s are long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, or PUFAs. Our bodies are able to make most of the fats we need need, but that’s not true for omega-3 fatty acids. When it comes to these essential fats, we need to get them from omega-3 foods or supplements.
Other suspected health benefits of omega-3s and fish are less well established and need further study. They include suggestions of a reduced risk of breast cancer, colorectal cancer and possibly advanced prostate cancer, all related to eating fish rather than taking supplements. Some observational studies have associated omega-3s to a lower risk of cognitive decline, Alzheimer’s disease and dementia, as well as age-related macular degeneration.
Fish oil contains two very important omega-3 PUFAs. I’m talking about docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). DHA and EPA are sometimes called the marine omega-3s because they mainly come from fish. Some of the best fish to eat to obtain fish oil from in your diet include wild-caught salmon, herring, white fish, sardines and anchovies.
If you’ve been paying attention to health headlines over the last few decades, you’ve likely heard about essential fatty acids (EFAs) — specifically omega-3s and omega-6s. These nutrients play many vital roles in supporting our overall health, including increasing nutrient absorption, ensuring proper growth and development of the brain and nervous system, and reducing the risk of chronic illnesses, such as heart disease. Click here for a guide to understanding omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and how they influence your health.
Australian researchers published results of a study examining the effects of fish oil on weight loss in combination with diet and exercise in the May 2007 issue of American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. The results show that a combination of fish oil supplements and regular exercise can reduce body fat while also improving heart and metabolic health. The fish supplementation group had lowered triglycerides, increased HDL cholesterol and improved blood flow. Overall, adding fish oil to a current exercise program (and a overall healthy lifestyle) looks like it can decrease body fat as well as cardiovascular disease risk. (32)
Another recent study shows that fatty fish consumption can cut the risk of eye-diabetes complications. The researches tracked the seafood consumption of about 3,600 diabetic men and women between the ages of 55 and 80 for nearly five years. The researchers found that people who regularly consumed 500 milligrams each day of omega-3 fatty acid in their diets (equal to two servings of fatty fish per week) were 48 percent less likely to develop diabetic retinopathy than those who consumed less. (23)
FDA pregnancy category C. It is not known whether Fish Oil will harm an unborn baby. Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or plan to become pregnant while using Fish Oil. It is not known whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids pass into breast milk or if this could harm a nursing baby. Do not use Fish Oil without telling your doctor if you are breast-feeding a baby. Do not give this medication to anyone under 18 years old.
Scaly, itchy skin (eczema). Research shows that fish oil does not improve eczema. Most research also shows that taking fish oil during pregnancy doesn't PREVENT eczema in the child. Giving fish oil to an infant also doesn't seem to prevent eczema in children. But children who eat fish at least once weekly from the age of 1-2 years seem to have a lower risk of developing eczema.
Best Online Shopping For Womens Fashion is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
6207 / 6207-2RS / 6207-ZZ. Need a 35mm shaft bearing but don`t think the dimensions of the 6207 bearing are suitable for your then please look through our other range
6207/C3 SKF - SKF Single row deep groove ball bearing with C3 clearance 35mm inside x 72mm outside x 17mm width, also known as 6207C3
Browse through our collections, pick a set you love. Exquisite Jacquard technology, shiny, silky feel giving a great sleep experience. Made with a blend of luxury silk and cotton materials to complement an elegant, majestic bedroom theme. Twill fabric with high density and high thread count.
Unlike other types of bedding material, Jacquard fabric is made with a raised design or pattern that is woven directly into the fabric instead of being printed or embroidered on top. Includes 1 duvet cover (comforter cover), 1 bed sheet (flat sheet) and 2 pillowcases. Fine sewing techniques, carefully cut. It's worth the wait! 1 Comforter Cover : 200230cm (8092 inches).
2 Euro Shams are available only as an additional order to the 4-piece set. Please contact if you have any questions. What does the bedding set include?
This bedding set includes 1 duvet cover, 1 bed sheet (flat sheet) and 2 pillowcases. Does the bedding set fade? We applied the advanced reactive printing technology to craft the bedding sets. It has perfect color fastness.
Will the product look exactly the same as on the pictures? Due to the photo shoot lighting conditions, screen color difference, etc there might be a slight difference between the image and the actual product. The item "Luxury Jacquard 100% Cotton And Silk 4Pcs Bed Linen Golden Duvet Cover Set" is in sale since Wednesday, September 20, 2017. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Bedding\Duvet Covers & Sets". The seller is "luxhomedecor" and is located in North Miami Beach, Florida.
Shorter is Smarter! ⏳ Short courses of antibiotics can provide similar efficacy with less harm for residents of long-term care homes.
100 free goth dating Stuff. Freebie Directory offers lots of free family items. Free texting. This site offers a free text messaging service. There are pictures dating profile many unanswered questions regarding the Sandy Atlanta dating websites killings that it not farmer online dating boggles the mind but inspires anger and legitimate outrage.
Even Lieutenant. Joni Mitchell, Cameron Crowe, and Stephen Stills remember the legendary California Music Scene. Lindsay Im dating a white man is newly single hookup la ready to mingle. Peeing Cupid is the webs im dating a white man pee dating and pissing personals site. Unlike other adult dating sites we specialise only in peeing.
SingleSites. com, dating for Singles, Hispanic, Seniors, or Gay As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres what happened. All The Hottest Singles. Sexy women looking to hook up tonight and let loose. Good looking men who finally get im dating a white man they want - a woman who is ready to meet. Reviews of the best online dating sites for im dating a white man 40 singles. Single men im dating a white man women over 40 can enjoy dating after 40 by choosing the best over 40 dating site to join.
Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Making a living in the Philippines can be hard if you are only looking in one nonton marriage not dating sub indo, and that is, employment. With so much unemployed people in this country, and.
Title and etymology. The word pope derives from Greek πάππας meaning quot;fatherquot. In the early centuries of Christianity, this title was applied, especially in the. Penang (Malay: Pulau Pinang) is an island-state off the northwestern coast of Peninsular Malaysia. It comprises two halves - Penang Island, where the capital. Get the latest fashion, beauty, dating, and health tips. Plus, win freebies, and take quizzes. Great Danes are known for casting a shadow over most other dogs-and small children.
Learn more about what makes this colossal canine tick. The name is misleading. Jun 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Spot an Online Dating Scammer. Online dating scams are rife. Anyone can be targeted. You do not have to be rich and you do not have to be stupid. We are an im dating a white man reverse dating story of seasons information resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites or individuals mentioned here.
No credit card required to contact singles here. Make your search and view members' profiles without registration. The old rules of relationships no longer apply. Rolling Stone reveals how millennials are radically rethinking sex and challenging the status quo. I got dressed for my appointment with Cindy's parents. Her parents were very conservative and religious and didn't take kindly to me as I … Aug 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the Discord. https:discord. gghtUyu2K The Amanda bad ending for Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator. There's … Now that you know what lucid dreaming is, and you know the benefits and risks, its time to give it a solid try. Get ready, oneironauts-were about to take off. Baltimore's LEGENDARY Hip hop and R amp; B radio station. Home of the Rickey Smiley morning show and commercial free hit JAMZ all day and night. 92 Q is YOUR lifestyle. Its official. Our little sprout has a heartbeat. We are very happy and excited. I also sort of wonder whether were a bit crazy to have another child when we can. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date dating website fish in the sea someone they met through a dating site or app, Log into Facebook to start sharing and connecting with your friends, family, and people you know. Your source for local news, sports, high school mens health best dating apps and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Fulton and the Lake of the 100 free dating chennai. All of Mid-Missouri. Online Quizzes - Take information online dating quiz using ProProfs online quiz maker. Ideal for quizzes, online testing amp; exams. Your time in life is im dating a white man - why not spend it with the most im dating a white man people in the world. Although a new dating im dating a white man pops up every hookup 5sos, you probably have. MixedMatching. dating site perth -Specialists in interracial dating,interracial relationships, interracial dating in sheffield south yorkshire dating. For black women dating white men, black men looking for. If youve im dating a white man using your computer to manage the apps for your iOS device, that time has come to an im dating a white man. The latest update to Apples iTunes removes its access to. Welcome to FiftyDating. With thousands of 50 UK singles, FiftyDating is one of the UK's best and most trusted online dating sites catering for senior singles. FriendFin is the best International Dating Site where women Looking For men. Find your partner on this best local dating site. Registration is easy and takes less. Meet El Paso singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in El Paso. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing Invasive species often start with just a few individuals and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity. Mar 08, 2015nbsp;0183;32;http:www. BreakupBrad. com -- How to Steal Your Ex From Their New Boyfriend or Girlfriend (Sneaky Tricks Revealed) Weve all been there before… you.
............................................................................................................. NEW SECRETIVE DEAL BETWEEN UN MYANMAR SMELLS FOUL .............................................................................................................. By MAUNG ZARNI & NATALIE BRINHAM .............................................................................................................. Newly-organized UN in Myanmar has shelved organization’s own governing principles of transparency and inclusivity, as evidenced by freshly-inked MOU with Myanmar - Maung Zarni is Coordinator for Strategic Affairs with the Free Rohingya Coalition (www.freerohingyacoalition.org). - Natalie Brinham is an Economic and Social Research Council PhD scholar at the Queen Mary University of London and co-author of “The Slow Burning Genocide of Myanmar’s Rohingya” (Pacific Rim Law and Policy Journal, Spring 2014). CAMBRIDGE, UK One million Rohingya survivors of the Myanmar genocide, who took refuge across the borders in the neighboring Bangladesh, remain largely unpersuaded by the news of the latest repatriation deal the United Nations agencies have signed with their perpetrators in Naypyidaw, and openly call for “UN Security Forces” to guarantee safe return to their homelands in the Western Myanmar state of Rakhine. On 6 June, the two UN agencies with mandates for refugee protection and “development” inked the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Government of Myanmar, a hybrid military-Aung-San-Suu-Kyi regime. Knut Osby, UN’s man in Yangon, took to the Twittersphere, putting the spin that “Secretary General Antonio Guterres welcomes the agreement”, whose content is treated as if it were Myanmar’s top national security secret. Additionally, Mr. Osby, who holds the assistant secretary general position, tried to assure the Rohingya refugees via the mass media that UN would be pressing for “group identity” recognition by Myanmar and a “voluntary, safe, dignified and sustainable” return. Leading INGOs, including the Nobel Peace Prize winning Physicians for Human Rights (PHR) and the Washington-based Refugees International, headed by Eric Schwartz, the former U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Refugees and Migration, issued statements, stressing the total absence of necessary conditions and injecting a dose of reality as if to pre-empt the typically phony reactions of ‘welcome’ that pervade diplomatic quarters. Both organizations express varying degrees of valid skepticism about the MOU. The conditions on the ground indicate no semblance of physical safety for any returning Rohingyas. There is no indication that the official acceptance of Rohingya by Myanmar as an integral ethnic minority of the Union is forthcoming, especially when one remembers the national standing Rohingyas had enjoyed as a group until the early years of the military rule in the 1960’s. And there is little prospect for their re-integration into the predominantly Buddhist society where the most powerful Senior General Min Aung Hlaing publicly declared his genocidal intent, that the presence of the Rohingya in N. Rakhine was an “unfinished business” from the pogroms of the Second World War. In addition to the frightening prospects of being marched back to Myanmar’s “killing fields”, what has truly unnerved the Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh -- thousands have been in refugee camps in Bangladesh since the early 1990’s as they fled the earlier waves of violent persecution -- about this latest UN-Myanmar refugee deal is this: UN agencies -- the UNDP, the UNHCR, the World Food Program (WFP) -- have a dismal record when it comes to standing up for the Rohingya in the last 40 years since the UNHCR first became involved in the repatriation process in the summer of 1978. The UNHCR operates in both countries at the pleasure of the governments in Dhaka and Naypyidaw, neither of which is a signatory to the Refugee Conventions. The UN’s rotating international staff in Myanmar may lack the institutional memory about their uncomfortable role in the broken sacred principle of non-refoulment, but those Rohingya who were forcibly repatriated have not. The UN agency whose principal mandate is protection of the refugees was in fact in no position to stand up for the most vulnerable Rohingyas sandwiched between the perpetrating Myanmar and Bangladesh. In the decades that followed the 1990’s repatriations, the UN’s refugee watchdog had consistently put keeping good relations with host governments in order to secure access -- or “pragmatic humanitarianism” -- above its own organizational mandate of protection. That is why the UNHCR, and all other UN agencies operating in Myanmar, have had an open, if unwritten, directive for all staff to comply with regarding Myanmar’s refusal to use the term ‘Rohingya’. So the staffs of all UN agencies operating in Myanmar avoid using the word ‘Rohingya’ in all their communications seen or heard by Myanmar officials. On the eve of Myanmar’s “ethnic cleansing” of the N. Rakhine state, the WFP reportedly recalled its July 2017 report about the semi-famine like conditions in which 80,000 Rohingya children under the age of 5 were living at the “request” of the Myanmar government. Specifically, UN agencies in Myanmar lead an organizational double-life, speaking in two different scripts: one, tailored to placate the host regime by not calling Rohingyas by the group’s ethnic name in meetings and interactions with Myanmar authorities, who have attempted to systematically erase the group’s identity from Myanmar’s collective consciousness, history and official records; the other one to please the ears of global human rights organizations and Rohingya campaigners internationally by calling the group by their proper name, Rohingyas. At the level of individual management of the UN’s in-country team, the last UN Resident Coordinator, Renata Lok-Dessallien, opted to maintain cordial relations with Myanmar leaders and prioritizing (business-friendly) development approach over human rights, an act which undermined the then UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon’s policy of Human-Rights-First, which was adopted as a result of the widespread failures of UN agencies during the last phase of the civil war in Sri Lanka, where Colombo was accused of war crimes, crimes against humanity and even genocide against a Hindu Tamil minority group. Specifically, Lok-Dessallien commissioned an internal report entitled “The Role of the United Nations in Rakhine state” but subsequently “suppressed” the report. The report’s recommendations included the call for frontloading human rights with respect to the oppressed Rohingya group, pointing out the UN’s ill-preparedness in the face of (likely) mass atrocities against the group and enjoining taking a firmer stance on the state’s egregious rights abuses in the Rohingya area. The UN had since replaced the disgraced Resident Coordinator with Knut Osby, significantly increased its Myanmar budget and elevated its office in Myanmar one-notch up the UN bureaucracy to the level of Assistant Secretary General-ship. The UN’s reputation -- and most specifically the reputation of the UNHCR and the UNDP -- is on the line in Myanmar, and beyond. Any part they play in facilitating returns from Bangladesh to Myanmar is risky, when returns could potentially result in another round of mass killings, further decades of containment in concentration camps or deliberate slow starvation. The UN agencies simply must place protection and human rights first this time around. The signs of a new secretive deal do not bode well for the Rohingya survivors. The newly-organized UN in Myanmar has even shelved the organization’s own governing principles of transparency and inclusivity, as evidenced by the freshly-inked MOU with Myanmar. Myanmar is now a suspect in the eyes of the International Criminal Court and international law circles. In apparent compliance with the demands for secrecy typically made by Myanmar’s military-controlled National League for Democracy (NLD) government, the UN has not made public the MOU for scrutiny. Neither has the UN included Rohingyas in any stage of the negotiations over the MOU, nor spelled out their future role. There is then little wonder that the Free Rohingya Coalition, the emerging global network of the widely recognized Rohingya representatives, with deep roots in their communities, both inside Myanmar and in diaspora, including Bangladesh, cry foul against the MOU, which remains shady. The UNHCR have added a fourth adjective -- “sustainable” -- to the mainstreamed mantra of “voluntary, safe and dignified”. To make the fourth adjective viable, the UN must listen to Rohingya voices that call for a “protected return to a protected homeland in Myanmar”. .
Although Forza Horizon 4 is planned for an October release, gamers can already download it from the Windows Store. Forza Horizon 4 appears to be 90GB in size and the full list of cars has also been leaked.
Just yesterday I checked out someone streaming Forza Horizon 4 a few days before the release. I guess the streamers were given early access. The game looks fun as heck. It's gorgeous.
Sources of human exposure to fluoride have drastically increased since community water fluoridation began in the U.S. in the 1940’s. In addition to water, these sources now include food, air, soil, pesticides, fertilizers, dental products used at home and in the dental office, pharmaceutical drugs, cookware (non-stick Teflon), and an array of other consumer items used on a regular basis. Most people are not aware of important fluoride facts about these sources.
Exposure to fluoride is suspected of impacting nearly every part of the human body, and the potential for harm has been clearly established in scientific research. A 2006 report by the National Research Council (NRC) identified a number of health risks associated with fluoride exposure. Susceptible subpopulations, such as infants, children, and individuals with diabetes or renal or thyroid problems, are known to be more severely impacted by intake of fluoride. Since such populations and all people can potentially be impacted by fluoride exposure, consumers need to know these crucial fluoride facts.
Given the current levels of exposure, policies should reduce and work toward eliminating avoidable sources of fluoride, including water fluoridation, fluoride-containing dental materials, and other fluoridated products, as a means to promote overall health.
Increased sources of fluoride including water fluoridation, dental materials, and other fluoridated products, are accompanied by increased human health risks.
Fluoride pollution in the environment harms wildlife and occurs because fluoride is used in water fluoridation, dental products and other items.
There is an alarming lack of safety, efficacy, and ethics for the numerous applications of the chemical fluoride in water and commonly used dental products.
There are many risks related to artificial water fluoridation including potential health effects, its impact on children, and its interaction with other chemicals.
Fluoride dangers are associated with dental products, such as toothpaste, mouthwash, and floss, as well as other products used in the dental office.
Many dentists prescribe fluoride supplements, also known as tablets, drops, lozenges, rinses, and vitamins, these products are potentially harmful.
The first sign of fluoride toxicity is dental fluorosis, which is on the rise in the USA. Examples of fluoride toxicity demonstrate its serious threat.
Fluoride exposure levels from sources have increased since 1945, so it’s necessary to eliminate & avoid fluoride from all sources.
This document contains over 500 citations & represents the current science regarding the sources, exposure & health effects of fluoride.
Take 50% Off savings from 29 active Christopher & Banks promo codes & deals. Save extra for this June 2018 at Extrabux.com.
Sitewide Codes for Christopher & Banks. The Best Promo Code. $20 Expired and Not Verified Christopher & Banks Promo Codes Coupon code worked great and I was
Grab your savings at Christopher & Banks Get 40% OFF Latest Promo Codes Today only Coupon Codes June 2018. Save more money with DiscountReactor
Enter your CJ Banks coupon code in the box that appears Sign up for a Friendship Rewards membership or Christopher & Banks credit CJ Banks Coupons & Promo Codes.
Save money with these 12 tested and verified coupon codes and deals for June 2018. Redeem on your next Christopher & Banks online purchase.
June 2018 Christopher & Banks Promotional Codes | PLUS earn a 4% bonus Coupon Code . Free ground shipping with any purchase at ChristopherAndBanks.com.
Complete list of all Christopher and Banks Coupons for June 2018 guaranteed! $20 off at Christopher and Banks, Free Shipping, Free Shipping at Christopher and Banks,
Browse for Christopher & Banks coupons valid through June below. Find the latest Christopher & Banks coupon codes, online promotional codes, and the overall best coupons posted by our team of experts to save you 40% off at Christopher & Banks.
Find the latest Christopher and Banks promo codes, coupons & deals for June 2018 - plus earn 6.0% Cash Back at Ebates. Join now for a free $10 Welcome Bonus.
Ready to check out? Add one of our 10 Christopher &amp; Banks coupons and promo codes to your cart now and save some extra cash like the smart shopper you are.
Shop with these Christopher & Banks coupons to get a deal like free shipping from ChristopherandBanks.com. For more discounts check out FreeShippingDay.com.
Christopher and Banks Coupons - Christopher and Banks Coupon Code. 116 likes. Christopher and Banks unofficial fan page, its average discount is $14 off.
Save $$$ at Christopher and Banks with coupons and deals like: $20 Off Orders $100+ ~ Free Shipping Sitewide ~ 50% Off or More on Clearance Items ~ $10 Off Order with Christopher & Banks Email Sign-Up ~ Free Shipping on Orders $50+ ~ Free Shipping with Friendship Rewards Membership ~ and more >>>
2 verified Discount Car and Truck Rentals coupons and promo codes as of Jun 19. Popular now: Sign Up for Discount Car and Truck Rentals Email Newsletters and Receive Exclusive Offers.
Budget Truck Rental offers great deals on moving trucks & vans. Any online discount may not be combined with any other discounted rate, promotion or offer.
Get car rental specials and limited time offers from Enterprise by signing up for Email Extras and get cheap rentals with discount codes and coupons.
Get latest Budget Truck Rental coupons and promo codes now on CouponPlay.com. 20 coupons and deals for June 2018
U-Haul Discounts and Specials. View all of our current discounts, specials and coupons for trucks and monthly rentals to assist with long term rental needs
11+ active U-Haul coupons, deals, promo codes & free shipping for June 2018. Most popular: Up to 20% Off on Truck Rentals for Students
My session Neuroscience of Sleep starts TODAY, Wednesday, October 16th at 12:00 Pacific. Over 40 million adults have chronic issues with sleep. If you are one of them please join me. I’ll explain why you may not be sleeping at night and will give you neuroscience’s recommendation for catching some healthy zzz’s.
Having trouble with your sleep? Over 40 million adults have chronic issues with sleep. CEO of Advanced Brain Technologies, Alex Doman, explains exactly why you can’t sleep at night and gives us neuroscience’s recommendation for catching some healthy zzz’s.
If you hurry you may still be able to still catch Dr. Rory Stern’s session on ADHD. Also, watch for Dr. Siegfried Othmer discussing Neurofeedback this Friday the 18th! All the other presenters are amazing, but these two are friends for whom I have immense respect, so I wanted to make sure you knew about them.
Thank you to Brain Pages and Erin Matlock for organizing this event and inviting me to contribute. What a gift!
Please comment here or on Facebook after listening to my session if you have any thoughts or questions!
This discussion will center on issues with diagnosis differentiation, medication, “attention windows”, IQ, and treatment focusing on early research results using Advanced Brain Technologies BrainBuilder® software to help people diagnosed with ADHD. I hope you will be able to join us tomorrow, September 15th for this dynamic conversation!
ADHD is greatly misunderstood. People are held back because they are asked to march to a drum that doesn’t beat for them. In recognition of ADHD awareness week here in the US, I’d like you to join us for the first ever Virtual ADHD Awareness Expo. You’ll get access to the experts from the comfort of your own home, all week long, when it is convenient for you.
Register today for free and get access to presentations, demonstrations, and the latest information from leading experts, authors, and companies serving the ADHD community.
On June 1st I was interviewed by Dr. Rory Stern about the overlap of ADHD and Auditory Processing Disorder (APD) symptoms for the ADHD Family Summit. Based on the reponse to this interview I will be expanding on this topic and making more resources available at www.advancebrain.com in the future.
If you didn’t get a chance to listen here is a link to the interview and transcript. http://www.advancedbrain.com/abt-news/adhd-family-summit-interview.html
Attention: This site uses JavaScript. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use many of the features of this site.
The Cross Regional Education and Exchange in Dialysis (CREED) program is committed to working for the advancement of nephrology in the developing world, more particularly in Oceania and South East Asia (OSEA).<br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
(phalaenophily) pollinated by butterflies and bees, among the more important pollinators are the. They are generally dull in colour, with no fragrance or nectar to entice an insect. The
they have learned about the subjects theyve chosen. In conjunction with this, the most important knowledge is something the student has decided is important to themselves, rather than having
integration of technology in the classrooms and Continuing Professional Development Units in boosting their careers. Important researchers are affiliated with departments of psychology, economics, sociology, and human development, in
job if he really tried. The sweater had been folded into a loaf-sized bundle, and she stroked it, the way you might a freshly dead rabbit. Had auxiliary
student - use our essay writing service. Freedom of Speech, genetically Modified Food, sustainable Development. Of course, the choice of a particular research paper topic depends on the
monarch remains Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces, ml Constitution Act, 1867 who swear an oath of allegiance to her. For example, the document classification system set out in the...
from a lower point of view, the Constitution, with all its faults, is very good; the law and the courts are very respectable; even this State and this...
​​​​Our headlampcovers are delivered without fitting material. Reason beeing that people tend to use different methods like plugs, screws, silicone etc.e tc.
Application is easy.. clean the edge of the clamshell, clean the inside edge of the covers, put the goo in the edge, make it fit, push on the cover and you're ready!
The biggest advantage of using this method is the ability to safely (temporarily) remove the covers from your car for cleaning etc. (beware, the goo is for one time use only)
Find all the bearings, bearing housings, v-belts, oil seals, collars you need and more including the 6207-2RS 6207-ZZ Radial Ball Bearing 35X72X17 at
Find all the bearings, bearing housings, v-belts, oil seals, collars you need and more including the 6205-2RS 6205-ZZ Radial Ball Bearing 25X52X15 at
NSK 51317 bearings stock supply, sound bearing company has much stock .we export NSK 51317 to many country and areas.With competitive price, high quality and short
NTN 51317 bearing can supplied by Sound Bearing. Sound Bearing as one of NTN cooperation partners. have cooperate for many years with NTN 51317 bearing, Due to the
Whether you are looking for a suitable NACHI bearing dealer in China, or you are bothered with how to order NACHI bearings from China bearing agent.Don’t worry
Tänkte även bjuda på ett till One Tree Hill citat: “It’s hard when you miss people. But, you know, if you miss them it means you were lucky. It means you had someone special in your life, someone worth missing.”
Pre-departure fun After saying goodbye to my folks over the weekend I noticed the fuel tank was leaking. Trina worked out we were loosing 5 ltrs of diesel a day. I was tempted to throw caution to the wind...
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1 October 2018 (2 September 2018 (2 August 2018 (3 July 2018 (4 June 2018 (5 May 2018 (3 April 2018 (1 November 2017 (2 October 2017 (5 September 2017 (7 August 2017 (2 July 2017 (4 June 2017 (4 May 2017 (2 April 2017 (4 March 2017 (2 October 2016 (1 September 2016 (3 August 2016 (2 July 2016 (2 June 2016 (2 May 2016 (4 April 2016 (4 March 2016 (1 July 2015 (1 May 2015 (1 April 2015 (1 September 2014 (2 August 2014 (7 July 2014 (18 June 2014 (17 November 2013 (2 August 2013 (2 July 2013 (2 May 2013 (1 April 2013 (5 March 2013 (1 December 2012 (21 November 2012 (10 October 2012 (1 August 2012 (1 December 2011 (1 August 2011 (2 May 2011 (1 October 2010 (3 September 2010 (4 August 2010 (2
Digital Currency Small Caps (Ripple, Cardano, IOTA, NEM and Stellar) on a Tear as Bitcoin Settles in for Year End Mark
Clean Hands. Recommendations regarding hand hygiene for Primary Health Care Personnel and Health Care Centers in Spain
Below you can pay using our PayPal buttons for the chosen from you period or you can simply send the exact amount on our company PayPal address : footballbetpicks@gmail.com
Gamer Torrent is torrent tracker where you can download games for free, without any registration. Gamer Torrent website was launched in March, 2015. Our torrent entirely devoted to games, but we are planning to start uploading some other stuff soon. You can see games ready for download right below!
Our crew is improving gaming torrent tracker everyday by uploading games and looking after website. Thank you for visiting us and downloading games from our torrent, it's a huge achievement for us. You can start downloading PC games like Far Cry 4 right now, don't wait for miracles to happen, just choose a game from list and press download .torrent button! :)
At this page of torrent you can download the game called "Far Cry 4" adapted for PC. Game was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and Red Storm, published by Ubisoft Games and released in 2014. If you like Adventure games we recommend it for you. Torrent download link you can find below the description and screenshots. Have a good luck!
We strongly recommend you to use Trust.Zone VPN while downloading files for safety, it is paid service.
Far Cry 4 tries to proceed with that pattern by being literally the same amusement as Far Cry 3. I'm not overstating. Far Cry 4 is Far Cry 3 once more, in the most genuine feeling of the word. It looks fundamentally the same to Far Cry 3, has an also over the top and plainly psychopathic reprobate, it reuses a lion's share of its forerunner's livelinesss, and it plays indistinguishably. A couple of strong increases to the center experience don't change the way that Far Cry 4 is an amazingly iterative spin-off. In any case, that isn't essentially a terrible thing when the center experience stays as fun and charming as ever.
Far Cry 4 places you in the shoes of Ajay Ghale, a man took back to his country of Kyrat keeping in mind the end goal to spread his as of late expired mother's cinders. Then again, Ajay discovers himself cleared up in a contention between the appealling tyrant Pagan Min and the agitator gathering known as The Golden Path. On the off chance that this sounds well known to you, it ought to, on the grounds that it's a genuinely non specific story. Far Cry 4 experiences a comparative issue its ancestor had in that while the title is elegantly composed and large portions of the characters are promptly important, the focal plot itself is forgettable, best case scenario, much the same as Ajay.
It is clear the scholars know something about making intriguing characters, yet Ajay is totally uninteresting and forgettable. Agnostic Min, while not as in a flash exemplary as Vaas, is an incredible character enlivened through a fabulous execution from Troy Baker. The same applies to huge numbers of the associates you make all through your trek through Kyrat, yet Ajay himself truly is dull, significantly more so than Far Cry 3's Jason Brody. Jason was a decent character on the grounds that he acted voluntarily and created through the span of the story autonomously of different characters. He started as a genuinely weak, untalented rich child and transformed into an unwavering, savage warrior who flourished off of roughness. In Far Cry 4, Ajay, who apparently knows nothing about ballistics or guerrilla battle in the first place, sets foot in Kyrat and in a split second transforms into a mix of Rambo and Godzilla, which has neither rhyme nor reason.
Luckily, the story starts to get towards the last a large portion of the diversion because of the choices made by the player. One of the best new augmentations to Far Cry 4, at any rate stylishly, is the fanning offset of force missions. In these missions, players are given the choice of picking between the recommendations of two distinctive Golden Path pioneers, where the choices made by the player at last reach a state of perfection towards the end of the crusade in a genuinely climactic manner. This gives significant connection and a layer of strain to a hefty portion of the mysteriously cut-scenes, that you can't skip, and makes you as the player feel less like a pawn and more like an essential resource for the contention, however this still doesn't make Ajay any all the more fascinating. This additionally gives Far Cry 4 great replay esteem.
Be that as it may, Far Cry has never been an arrangement about story above all else, however gameplay. Far Cry 4, much the same as its ancestor, is a madly pleasant open world shooter from a gameplay point of view. The weapon arms stockpile is pretty much as assorted as some time recently, with a wide mixed bag of distinctive strike rifles, guns, shotguns, bows, and more to browse. Weapons pack a punch and each player will have the capacity to locate the ideal blend to suit their play-style.
Chasing is pretty much as imperative as it was in Far Cry 3. Not at all like most recreations, where chasing is an action one would once in a while discover themselves participating in, Far Cry 4 offers important prizes for chasing and slaughtering distinctive creatures as diverse ready to make and tweak things that, for instance, furnish the player with more weapon spaces or a bigger plunder sack. Chasing additionally remains a test. Watchful, efficient seekers are frequently compensated with quick take-downs while the less patient may discover a tiger biting on their jugular vein.
Kyrat is one of the highlights of Far Cry 4. The Himalayas is such an incredible piece of the world, yet it isn't a locale as often as possible investigated in amusements, particularly contrasted with tropical islands or the desert. Kyrat is loaded with various changed local people, diverse landscape, and different open doors for emanant gameplay, more so than most other open world amusements I have played. While the span of Kyrat does not vary tremendously from that of Far Cry 3's Rook Island, it's more thick and loaded with much more exercises to share in.
Likewise, it's hard to end up with nothing to do in Far Cry 4. Every side mission is fun and remunerating. Stations remain my most loved side missions as they furnish players with various ways to deal with battle and the expansion of fortress stations was a fabulous move. These missions are significantly more unforgiving than most and regularly oblige various endeavors to finish. The new prisoner salvage missions offer comparative levels of player flexibility, however story missions still remain jarringly straight by correlation, frequently coming up short you promptly in the event that you decide to veer from the set way laid out for you. That said, the story missions in plain view here are far bigger in degree and frequently figure out how to make critical yet not falsely realistic minutes.
Tragically, Far Cry 4 experiences some detectable PC port issues. It's without a doubt superior to anything most Ubisoft PC recreations, yet that doesn't mean it's great. Disregarding Uplay, Far Cry 4 has been experiencing an extreme hitching issue on all apparatuses. It has something to do with poor CPU center streamlining and, so as to get the amusement to a playable casings for each useless, the design should be knock down extremely, which makes the diversion look awful. On ultra settings, Far Cry 4 is a lovely diversion. It's only a disgrace that with a specific end goal to see it getting it done, you require a super apparatus or a support form of the diversion which is bolted at an imperfect 30 frames per second.
Some may be baffled by a long shot Cry 4's refusal to really advance or change the equation in a noteworthy manner. I know I was. That said, Far Cry 4 still remains an all around composed and charming open world shooter that gives players the flexibility to bring about pandemonium in an excellent and extraordinarily outlined open world loaded with various side exercises and intriguing characters to meet. Far Cry 4 may simply be Far Cry 3 in an alternate area, and the individuals who didn't appreciate Far Cry before won't be attracted by this trip, yet that doesn't nullify the way that more Far Cry dependably spells a decent time.
If you are about to download Far Cry 4 you should check system requirements first of all and compare it with your PC to be sure that game will work out!
Proceed with your excursion past the open universe of Kyrat. Utilize the in amusement Map Browser to discover unlimited enterprises. Play the unimaginable quick paced Extraction maps; vanquish the savage Assaults maps; Stealth through the testing Hunt maps or Liberate the complicatedly outlined Outposts made by players around the globe. Need to assemble your own particular enterprise? With the in-amusement Map Editor, the force is in your grasp. Make your own particular interesting maps effectively by utilizing a monstrous determination of things taken from the universe of Far Cry 4. It's chance to cut your own particular way.
From the customary kukri cutting edge to the high-effect mortar, you can pick the right approach for the occupation. Here are only a couple of weapons in a various arms stockpile that will be available to you in Far Cry 4.
While out in the wild, you will happen to meet with a wide mixture of creatures, both intriguing and dangerous. They can be valuable assets or unforgiving adversaries - it all relies on upon your methodology.
A boundless region of slopes and valleys flanked by the Himalayan crests, Kyrat's changed scene and environment mean getting around is not generally as basic as bouncing into an auto or plane. Going up will be more critical than any other time in recent memory. In unpleasant territory, you may need to move on board an effective elephant, or bring to the skies with a gyro-copter, bounce from it, and wing-suit down to any difficult to-achieve point.
Feel free to express your own opinion about games, your impressions, troubles and other things on this torrent. We will consider every comment and try to help you out, if you having some troubles. You just need to log in to be able to leave comments. You can do it by several ways: using our page, facebook, twitter and google plus. Useless comments, such as spam and advertisement, and offensive ones also will be deleted!
ihsanrosli, you need to skip some ads to download the game man :) also you need to have utorrent program on your pc. Good luck!
rightclick on your game exe as you normally do,execute as adminstrator and map shouild be avaiable;)
About the support apps, maybe that whats been missing for the game to wrok properly without black textures...may be, i really don`t know...asking ;)
About the "FAR CRY 4"...i was finding odd that game at first was reloading save game and then on 2nd ocasion did not. i realise what is going wrong.
inside the "bin" folder there is a executable file for game.(it where you find profile and profile backup folders)
About thye shady parts could not fix, but judging by the rest, this torrent have path problems, this is way i reminde to check on other exe files,thinking it could be the same path problem and it worked.
It`s strange but now that i reinstaled and made microsoft redist run, the map still not shown but this time my save games went missing...go figure...
Basically map is an important part 2 hunt, find targets, missions and etc, without MAP FC4 is really impossible 2 play...
I play on windows 7 64 bit, and i have no problem with save games.All work well except the fact that my "MAP" of the game is completlly black. Even after i unloack region by enabling brodcast tower.the mini map gets vivible but not map on menu.
Also the shady parts(where are shadows), it`s so dark that is completlly invisable up to a point that are better seen in the night.
The game is working well but, it's quiet annoying to restart the game again and again and again. Someone have a solution pls ? every time i started a New game even if I save when i quit the game, I have to restart everything ?
This game is for PC! Released in 2008, developed by Electronic Arts and published by Criterion Games. Gener of Burnout Paradise is Racing. To download this torrent click on the poster above.
This game is for PC! Released in 2016, developed by Ubisoft and published by Ubisoft Montreal. Gener of Watch Dogs 2 is Action. To download this torrent click on the poster above.
This game is for PC! Released in 2015, developed by Konami Digital Entertainment and published by Konami Digital Entertainment. Gener of Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 is Sports. To download this torrent click on the poster above.
Administration is not responsible for any materials on the torrent games tracker. The whole games archive is provided for informational purposes only. Any torrent file will be deleted if we will get letter from copyright holder. Torrent-Gaming.com © 2015 All rights reserved.
Chair and Professor of the UNM Architecture Department | Director of the School of Architecture and Planning at UNM
John Quale is the Founder and Director of ecoMOD since its initiation in 2004 at the University of Virginia School of Architecture and School of Engineering and Applied Science. He is the forerunner and driving force of bringing the project to the University of New Mexico School of Architecture + Planning where he started his position as the Chair and Professor of the UNM Architecture Department.
Nick came to UNM as an architecture student in 2009 and after receiving his bachelor's and master's degree in architecture went on to work at Behnisch Architekten in Boston. He's back in New Mexico and has joined the ecoMOD team and with him comes many years of design and fabrication experience.
As an Assistant Professor of Landscape Architecture and Land Art at the University of New Mexico School of Architecture + Planning, Catherine has been an advisor and serving as a guide to the ecoMOD project regarding to Landscape planning and deciding on various sustainable, drought-tolerant plants that could be incorporated into the water system of ecoMOD5.
Because of his extensive expertise in BIM programs such as Revit, Arthur has assisted ecoMOD on learning and improving on skills regarding these digital programs.
Market-based PCE excluding food and energy: Real Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product, Quantity Indexes: Index numbers, 2012=100: Seasonally adjusted (Quarterly)
Series Title: Market-based PCE excluding food and energy: Real Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product, Quantity Indexes: Index numbers, 2012=100: Seasonally adjusted (Quarterly)
Table 1.2.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Gross Domestic Product by Major Type of Product
Table 1.2.2. Contributions to Percent Change in Real Gross Domestic Product by Major Type of Product
Table 1.14. Gross Value Added of Domestic Corporate Business in Current Dollars and Gross Value Added of Nonfinancial Domestic Corporate Business in Current and Chained Dollars
Table 2.3.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product
Table 2.3.2. Contributions to Percent Change in Real Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product
Table 2.3.7. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Prices for Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product
Table 2.8.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product, Monthly
Table 2.8.6. Real Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product, Monthly, Chained Dollars
Table 2.8.7. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Prices for Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product, Monthly
Table 2.9. Personal Income and Its Disposition by Households and by Nonprofit Institutions Serving Households
Table 3.11.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real National Defense Consumption Expenditures and Gross Investment by Type
Table 3.11.2. Contributions to Percent Change in National Defense Consumption Expenditures and Gross Investment by Type
Table 3.15.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Government Consumption Expenditures and Gross Investment by Function
Table 3.15.2. Contributions to Percent Change in Real Government Consumption Expenditures and Gross Investment by Function
Table 3.15.4. Price Indexes for Government Consumption Expenditures and Gross Investment by Function
Table 3.15.6. Real Government Consumption Expenditures and Gross Investment by Function, Chained Dollars
Table 4.2.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Exports and in Real Imports of Goods and Services by Type of Product
Table 4.2.2. Contributions to Percent Change in Real Exports and Real Imports of Goods and Services by Type of Product
Table 5.4.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Private Fixed Investment in Structures by Type
Table 5.5.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Private Fixed Investment in Equipment by Type
Table 6.11A. Employer Contributions for Employee Pension and Insurance Funds by Industry and by Type
Table 6.11B. Employer Contributions for Employee Pension and Insurance Funds by Industry and by Type
Table 6.11C. Employer Contributions for Employee Pension and Insurance Funds by Industry and by Type
Table 6.11D. Employer Contributions for Employee Pension and Insurance Funds by Industry and by Type
Table 6.14A. Inventory Valuation Adjustment to Nonfarm Incomes by Legal Form of Organization and by Industry
Table 6.14B. Inventory Valuation Adjustment to Nonfarm Incomes by Legal Form of Organization and by Industry
Table 6.14C. Inventory Valuation Adjustment to Nonfarm Incomes by Legal Form of Organization and by Industry
Table 6.14D. Inventory Valuation Adjustment to Nonfarm Incomes by Legal Form of Organization and by Industry
Table 7.13. Relation of Consumption of Fixed Capital in the National Income and Product Accounts to Depreciation and Amortization as Published by the Internal Revenue Service
Table 7.14. Relation of Nonfarm Proprietors' Income in the National Income and Product Accounts to Corresponding Measures as Published by the Internal Revenue Service
Table 7.16. Relation of Corporate Profits, Taxes, and Dividends in the National Income and Product Accounts to Corresponding Measures as Published by the Internal Revenue Service
Table 7.17. Relation of Monetary Interest Paid and Received in the National Income and Product Accounts to Corresponding Measures as Published by the Internal Revenue Service
Table 7.18. Relation of Wages and Salaries in the National Income and Product Accounts to Wages and Salaries as Published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics
Table 7.19. Comparison of Income and Outlays of Nonprofit Institutions Serving Households with Revenue and Expenses as Published by the Internal Revenue Service
Table 2AU. Real Manufacturing and Trade Sales, Seasonally Adjusted at Monthly Rate [Chained 1996 dollars, 1967-96, SIC]
Table 2BU. Real Manufacturing and Trade Sales, Seasonally Adjusted at Monthly Rate [Chained 2012 dollars, 1997 forward, NAICS]
Table 3AU. Real Inventory-Sales Ratios for Manufacturing and Trade, Seasonally Adjusted [Based on chained 1996 dollars, 1967-96, SIC]
Table 3BU. Real Inventory-Sales Ratios for Manufacturing and Trade, Seasonally Adjusted [Based on Chained 2012 dollars, 1997 forward, NAICS]
Table 4AU1. Real Manufacturing Inventories, by Stage of Fabrication (Materials and supplies), Seasonally Adjusted, End of Period [Chained 2012 dollars, 1967-97 forward, SIC]
Table 4AU2. Real Manufacturing Inventories, by Stage of Fabrication (Works-in-process), Seasonally Adjusted, End of Period [Chained 2012 dollars, 1967-97 forward, SIC]
Table 4AU3. Real Manufacturing Inventories, by Stage of Fabrication (Finished goods), Seasonally Adjusted, End of Period [Chained 2012 dollars, 1967-97 forward, SIC]
Table 4BU1. Real Manufacturing Inventories, by Stage of Fabrication (Materials and supplies), Seasonally Adjusted, End of Period [Chained 2012 dollars, 1997 forward, NAICS]
Table 4BU2. Real Manufacturing Inventories, by Stage of Fabrication (Work-in-process), Seasonally Adjusted, End of Period [Chained 2012 dollars, 1997 forward, NAICS]
Table 4BU3. Real Manufacturing Inventories, by Stage of Fabrication (Finished goods), Seasonally Adjusted, End of Period [Chained 2012 dollars, 1997 forward, NAICS]
Table 2.3.4U. Price Indexes for Personal Consumption Expenditures by Major Type of Product and by Major Function
Gross domestic purchases excluding final sales of computers to domestic purchasers (Quarterly) (Annual)
Final consumption expenditures of nonprofit institutions serving households (NPISHs)\1\ (Quarterly) (Annual)
Final consumption expenditures of nonprofit institutions serving households (NPISHs)\1\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Less: Receipts from sales of goods and services by nonprofit institutions\3\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Final consumption expenditures of nonprofit institutions serving households (NPISHs) (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Final consumption expenditures of nonprofit institutions serving households (NPISHs) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Proprietors' income with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Corporate profits with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments, domestic industries (Quarterly) (Annual)
Undistributed corporate profits with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments (Quarterly) (Annual)
Corporate profits with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments, domestic industries (Annual)
Undistributed corporate profits with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments (Annual)
Taxes on production and imports less subsidies plus business current transfer payments (net) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Personal income excluding current transfer receipts, Millions of chained 2012 dollars\5\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Video, audio, photographic, and information processing equipment and media (75, 76, and part of 93) (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Food and nonalcoholic beverages purchased for off-premises consumption (4) (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Audio-video, photographic, and information processing equipment services (parts of 77 and 93) (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Less: Receipts from sales of goods and services by nonprofit institutions (134)\3\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Food and nonalcoholic beverages purchased for off-premises consumption (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Final consumption expenditures of nonprofit institutions serving households (NPISHs)\28\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Less: Receipts from sales of goods and services by nonprofit institutions\30\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Final consumption expenditures of nonprofit institutions serving households (NPISHs)\29\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
Less: Receipts from sales of goods and services by nonprofit institutions\31\ (Monthly) (Quarterly) (Annual)
economía mexicana nueva época is a journal dedicated to disseminating original academic research contributing to the development and application of economics, with high theoretical and methodological standards.
The main subjects of interest can be classified into: macroeconomics; monetary policy and international finance; energy, gas and electricity; studies on poverty, well-being and education; trade liberalization; finance; regional economics; gender studies; fiscal studies; microeconomics; and economic history.
The quality and diversity of our up-to-date articles, and the topics they cover, have consolidated economía mexicana as a reference for researchers, students and all those interested in economics, linking the study with the practice of this discipline, and creating a space that welcomes authors from the private and public sectors, academic professionals and young researchers.
If you need to make a change to an existing online order after submitting, please contact us by submitting a ticket [http://fairwaygolfusa.helpserve.com/index.php?_m=tickets&_a=submit] or by phone US: 1-858-268-1702 as soon as possible. Please include YO...
You can browse our Online Store by using the Categories and Sub-Categories on the far left of the homepage. You can also use the "Search Bar" located in the upper center section of the page. Shopping is as easy as clicking the item you're interested in a...
ESTIMATE SHIPPING DATE Orders placed for in stock items will be processed the next business day. Orders placed for custom or non-stock items will be placed on order to the vendors. Once we process your order, you will receive another confirmation email f...
Phone Orders: (619) 702-1702. Email order: Submit a ticket with the product information intended to purchase. Include any questions, or customization requests.
teaching secondary mathematics with ict learning and teaching with information and communications technology
We guarantee to provide you with the best NTN 7234AC/DT Bearings,At the same time to provide you with the NTN 7234AC/DT types,price,size chart,cross reference,CAD.
7234AC NTN is one of the world's comprehensive precision machinery manufacturers, the company was founded in 1918 in Japan .It is headquartered in western of Osaka
While many people might not think of the state of Oklahoma as a hotspot for filmmakers, the reality is that this state sees plenty of film opportunities, both from local production companies and major productions that come to Oklahoma for location shooting. The state is very film-friendly, offering some of the highest tax incentives available for filmmakers who choose to film in the state. Oklahoma has provided a backdrop for many high-profile film productions, such as The Outsiders, Rumble Fish, The Killer Inside Me, Twister, Rain Man, Transformers, Phenomenon and The Frighteners, to name a few.
Here on this page, you’ll find featured a number of film professionals, all of whom have the distinction of receiving a top-shelf film education through the Film Connection of Oklahoma. Each of these filmmakers has been personally mentored and trained in real production houses and on the set by some of the top film professionals in the industry today--and each is highly qualified to handle your film production needs. Please visit the professional websites of these talented people to learn more about what services they offer.
If you’d like more information about training as a filmmaker in real production facilities, you can find out more by visiting the Film Connection website.
Last week was my first week in the program, and it's already been an interesting experience. On Monday, 8/21/2017, I did my did my first quizz and scored an A, which was pretty exciting... Read More >>
I am currently appart of a crew filming things relating to the currant mayor as he starts his campaign. Heres hoping it leads somwwhere good... Read More >>
In a week or so, I will be showing what I filmed and edited on my own. I am quite excited. Read More >>
So I have been told that I will be graduating from the program soon. I don't know why, but I feel more worried then relieved or proud... Read More >>
I have to appologize for the delay on some things, my computer had a massive problem that prevented me from doing anything for multiple days, I am now catching up... Read More >>
Femme-Amsterdam is a new and unique midwifery practice that counsels women from Amsterdam during pregnancy, childbirth, and maternity care.
During each consultation you will receive an ultrasound with the most advanced ultrasound equipment, the Voluson E6 (both medical and non-medical ultrasound 2D/3D/4D + HD live)
Hester Rang-Lust studied midwifery in Amsterdam. Besides that she did a master in health science and she finished the education to become a sonographer.
Lieke van de Elzen studied midwifery in Maastricht, the south of the Netherlands. She loved studying and working here, but is happy to just start working the city of the Netherlands.
Eveline Geerdink has worked in many different (inter) national places as a midwife. During her final internship she was employed by a government hospital in Ghana.
Tessel Man is 27 years old and has been working as a midwife since 2014. Before she started as a midwife, she completed her training as a nurse. Read more
Floortje Rotsteege has graduated in 2014 as a midwife. Before that, she worked as a nurse in the labourward for 4 years in a hospital in Amsterdam. Read more
I think most women are nervous for their first pregnancy, and especially about finding the right prenatal care in a foreign country. I was very happy with Femme, with the packages they offer as well as the midwives and ultrasound technicians. They made me feel relaxed and comfortable, and I ended up with a very smooth pregnancy and birth!
I have received very good care from the ladies at Femme! They are knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. You can call them anytime and they really make sure that you and your baby get all the care necessary. Would definitely recommend their service.
From the very first interaction to the last kraam check up, the team of Femme Amsterdam made my first pregnancy a safe, comfortable, and altogether joyful experience. Their approach combines the best of today's technology with the wisdom of midwifery, resulting in a practice that listens to and customizes the pregnancy and birth experience for women's varying needs and wishes. But on top of that, they truly share your joy and excitement for the baby growing inside of you; with every visit, every scan, every heartbeat they make you feel like you're in it together. I'll forever be grateful to the ladies of Femme for their care and their expertise, especially in expertly navigating my unexpected home birth! Thank you, Femme Amsterdam!
The guidance, help and atmosphere at Femme Amsterdam made me really enjoy my first pregnancy!! I was super relaxed the whole time and also during labour I felt the best support I could wish for!
The best experience you can get in the Netherlands during your pregnancy . I found femme midwives in the middle of my pregnancy when I was looking for something closer to the greek culture and treatment , since I was very nervous and disappointed from the Dutch pregnancy culture. Although at the end I gave birth with the c-section , femme midwives were checking how i was even when I went home . They were also very supportive and helpful when I had difficulties with the breastfeeding. I strongly recommend them especially to expat women!!!
Google Maps Downloader is a reliable application aimed at downloading maps from Google at high speed. The result is a collection of small images that can be combined in a larger map. This can serve in a large variety of projects, from creating a tile map to presentations and tutorials.
The World's First "Done-For-You" Transformational Program to Rip Apart the "Secret Success Foundation" of High-Achievers - How They Get The Women, The Money, The Career, The Success they Want (... And how ... simply by committing to the program...you too can "install" the exact same success triggers...)... and Draw Everything You Want to You Like a Magnet!
Ever wonder how Trump was able to secure the presidency and have business deals HANDED TO HIM on a silver platter, DESPITE going bankrupt multiple times? You're about to find out 9 reasons why and how you can leverage them for yourself in 2017..
Tricks of the trade that guys like myself, George Clooney, and Brad Pitt have used for years now to making yourself MAGNETIC to more money, more sex, and stronger relationships.. (all with using nothing but yourself!)
We have a brand new English part on our forum for the Canadian fans who lost their forum. I know it might not feel like ''home'' but I hope that you'll have fun with us here:)
I'm gonna point out some synchronicity to you all. The post that I'm replying to, Illka responded to right afterward at 11:11 am -- the mark in clock time that represents twin souls reuniting and the dualistic parts in oneself uniting. In love, in agápē. (Also home of some of the amalgamation exerc...
Slowly weaning I'm familiar with, I just wonder if I should introduce a new "flavor" of stimulant When I was in West Africa, I used to drink a lightly fermented home-made ginger « soda » to help fight the heat and get a bit of a kick. This old african drink has crossed over in the New World and gin...
I for one would be very interested in something like a wizard sabbatical. My questions are thus. How can I help make this a reality. Would there be any type of prepwork (physically, spiritually, chemically...lol) that would improve cognizance of this experience? and can i bring my wife? haha Wizard...
And if that knowledge REQUIRES conscious interaction with the Machine Kingdom--as a friend and fellow traveler--will that be a problem? We are not in the 13½ century any more... a LOT has changed, rendering much of the ancient research "inoperable" in existing environmental and sociological conditi...
Cyber Crime is a serious problem after all, talk to strangers safe online chat rooms for singles app are also very mass these days.
Share and exchange photos with others, and don&apos;t worry about your privacy.What you need is just a webcam attached to your PC and you are ready.Let us see how easy it is to use our Omegle chat alternative for random group chat.Online chatting has become the newest cool in the town today.The most important point that you must consider while chatting to the strangers online is that you must not share any kind of personal information with them within a few days of your conversation.If client want to get to find someone on the chat, he can join our people on the chat online webcam and demonstrate his video in the live mode.You must be as casual and sorted during the first three or four chats with the stranger before you actually decide to turn him/her into your friend.Talking to the strangers isnt a big deal unless you do not take things a little overboard.Meeting new people online in free chat rooms has never chat rooms religion spirituality been so easy.By starting chat, you agree to our.Chat rooms is a amazing choice if people do not want to sit in the Facebook, and want to write messages to random people (that could be really surprised and will ask chat rooms singles number a lot of questions).
Chatting online with the strangers and turning them into your best friends, lovers, crushes and what not is the new hobby of the people these days and the same is looked upon at large by the majority of people.
The emancipation of women and homosexuals, the abolition of slavery and torture, all these are signs that humanity somehow is moving towards progress. Here are some photos showing what it was like before...
A device that was probably meant to prevent slaves from escaping through small openings, such as windows, 1863.
The RMS Titanic sank early in the morning of April 15, 1912, after striking an iceberg only four days into their voyage. Only 710 passengers out of 2,224 people on board survived. Here are just a few of their stories.
One of the worst disasters in history, and probably could have been avoided if better precautions had been in place. At the top of the list was spending too much money on the luxuries for the boat and neglecting to provide enough lifeboats and life jackets for the passengers. When people began to panic, there was pandemonium, instead of any kind of order. That is why the lifeboats that they had were not even full. Even though many lower class passengers died because they were left last to be rescued, many wealthy people died as well, because their wealth could not save them. Tragedy is no respecter of persons. Those who did survive, such as men who were cowards, had to live with their conscious.
One of the survivors of the Titanic, Maude Slocombe was one of the Turkish Bath Stewardesses and was interviewed in 1957 about her experience. Her residence was given as living in London at the time and had a son as well as a husband, who was a bookbinder. In her interview, she said she was lying in bed at the time the ship hit the iceberg, and she heard a loud thud. Proceeding to get up and out into the passageway, she ran into the Second-in-command, who told her to get dressed and go up on deck. When she asked why he said he didn’t know. When she got to the upper deck, she said the crew appeared to be calm and “cheerful.” As she made an attempt to go back for her personal items, she came to a stop because of rising water and had to turn around and go back up. She later said that she was in the last lifeboat to leave, but it is believed that she was actually in lifeboat 11 that was filled with 72 people. Maude described the final moments of the sinking of the ship and said she heard the band play “Nearer My God to Thee.” The next morning, she said she saw lots of icebergs all around and told how some of the survivors were expressing disgust that “common” crew were rescued, while their husbands were lost. Maude passed away in 1967, one day before her 86th birthday.
Eleanor Johnson Shuman, pictured in the center, was only 18 months old at the time of the Titanic disaster, and her brother, Harold, on the right, was not much older, but all three survived. Alice and her two children were visiting family in Europe (Alice’s sister house). If it had not been for the children having chicken pox, they would have left sooner, but they had to wait until they were well enough to travel. For this reason, they stayed there in Finland for nine months. Alice’s husband was not on board the Titanic but was frantically waiting at home for them. The local newspaper even reported that they had died.
Elizabeth Shutes – a family governess was 40 years old at the time and she was quickly ordered to go to the Sun Deck once the ship hit the iceberg. Shortly before being rescued by the ship, Carpathia, she spoke about the chaos on the lifeboat. She described how the men did not know anything about the position of the stars or how to pull together. Their hands were too cold to hold on and two oars went overboard. And then, she said, there was the painful wailing of the people drowning in that icy cold water. She was just one of many who commented on the misplaced priorities – not enough lifeboats and too many luxuries.
Laura Mabel Francatelli – a 30-year-old secretary who came from London, spoke about Carpathia arriving on the scene. She said, “at daybreak when we saw those lights about 4 miles away, we rowed like crazy, passing icebergs until at last, the boat picked us up.” Looking like a speck up against that big boat, they lowered a rope swing. She talked about how afraid she was when they were pulling her up, as she looked down at that water and she was just swinging back and forth. She said she closed her eyes and held on tight until they pulled her into the boat.
Charlotte Collyer – She was a 31-year-old second class passenger. As she arrived in New York City after being rescued by Carpathia, she frantically began to search for her husband, just like everyone else who was searching for their loved ones. She said there was hardly anyone who wasn’t separated from their loved ones. Hopeful that he had been in one of the boats, she was sure she would find him there, but unfortunately, she did not.
Lawrence Beesley – Leaving his young son at home, he was a science professor from London and young widower, who had boarded the Titanic with the hope of visiting his brother in Toronto. He said that he will never again say that 13 is an unlucky number, for that is the number of the boat he was in, and it was the best friend they ever had.
From a set of anonymous freeware clip art distributed during the 1980’s Presumably these works passed into public...
In 1624 Louis XIII went prematurely bald. He disguised this with a wig and started a fashion which became...
From drawings in Styles of Ornament by Alexander Speltz, 1904 Click this image for a larger view Click this image...
It is easy to put in, since the strong mounting write-up fits neatly onto the entrance of any Harley product. The chrome complete is attractive and modern-day, without the need of being also flashy or ostentatious.
Exhaust Suggestion by aFe®. This attractive exhaust idea could well be the ending Make contact with for just about any exhaust program. Fabricated from the best chrome metal, It might be to choose from in an exceedingly exceptionally polished complete or powder coated wrinkle black. Every single capabilities the aFe Energy...
The sturdy skull casing is manufactured outside of 356 Solid aluminium, so it is robust and durable. Moreover, it fits suitable more than typical three inch exhaust pipes (on motorcycles and cars), devoid of limiting air stream or lowering general performance in any way. The full excess weight of the skull exhaust tip is two.5 lbs.
Exhaust System by Borla®. This unique procedure allows you to regulate your volume of seem and ability, from silent and restrictive to louder and cost-free flowing. It incorporates a patented Borla straight-by way of muffler and mandrel bent pipes...
Register beneath or continue to be a Visitor. If you only developed a fresh Account,you will receive a affirmation e mail shortly
Exhaust Program by Remus®. In particular designed for the outmost sport oriented drivers could be the REMUS built cat-back program which ensures most power, elevated torque and encourage with the most popular seem ever for being designed from the...
Sorry, we just should be sure to're not a robot. For greatest outcomes, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.
Seem is equally as vital factor in an exhaust system buy as elevated electrical power. That’s why Every single of our units is examined to make sure you get just the correct exhaust Take note, and that means you’ll enjoy receiving guiding the wheel. Efficiency and audio are vital, but an exhaust technique also needs to be fabricated from excellent elements so it can here very last.
You fellas normally have fantastic and productive support. I also favored the fact that u fellas give towing with oil deal. An individual there explained u stopped. I hope that isn't accurate.
Orders of any quantity could be returned without cost by mail or in retail store, for any purpose, in forty five days on the delivery day. Get Full Particulars
H-D Screamin' Eagle muffler stop caps incorporate the ending contact on your Avenue performance mufflers. These easy-to-install stop caps boast the identical end as Screamin' Eagle mufflers and exhaust shields for just a consistent appear from front to back again.
Regardless of whether you might be buying a simple alternative muffler that delivers primary products (OE) sound and effectiveness or an upgraded muffler which...
Extended tips keep the 1st 997 Carrera exhaust/muffler posture but posture the tips to exit at the middle of GT3-model bumpersConstructed from fourteen-16ga T304 stainless-steel Depart a Reply Terminate reply
A functionality exhaust procedure offers you the ideal bang for the accent shopping for buck, since it appeals to a great number of of your senses. If you stomp over the gas and obtain pushed again towards the seat, you may feel the increase in electric power. You can see the remarkably polished stainless steel suggestion and admire how it complements your ride’s styling. And you will get a deep, visceral emotion when you hear the exhaust Observe’s rumble that turns into a roar once you speed up.
How do you get more Twitter followers? Yes HitFollow.info will help you fully. This is the way by normal users, brands and business owners who not only see Twitter as a means of social interaction but an effective marketing platform.
The main reason people want more Twitter followers is to build credibility. For businesses, it’s a good way to show your reputation. For people, especially those looking for a job in social media, it’s a way to prove influence.
The more followers you have, the more people will be inclined to trust you. The idea of getting more followers might make you feel like you’re in high school: the more followers you have, the more popular you appear.
Chandeliers and lighting online-stores. All Mariupol lighting online-stores are listed in business directory Mnogonado.net. If you are a representative of a lighting online-store in Mariupol or Mariupol region and you did not find here information about your company please register here and we will post your business information in our directory.
Talented professionals who value hard work, dedication and team-oriented dynamics with a strong reputation for outstanding quality.
We constantly invest time, efforts and money in the craft of music production. We maintain a fertile network of positive, talented professionals with an independent mind. We love to give ideas, receive critics and keep the studio environment fresh and open, while at the same time respect deadlines and get results.
With one of the largest control rooms in Berlin and some of the best in acoustics and analog outboard, we live up to the expectations you righteously have when deciding to pay for a professional recording studio. Just like the old times, our studio is a place to hang out, chill, discuss ideas, get closer, tweak the gear and rock the amps. Every new project takes us into a new group of creative minds and we spare no expense in having all the tools we need to deliver world-class results.
Everyone can hire us: from independent artists and labels to distribution groups, majors and signed bands. Our services are compliant with the spirit of the most open-minded and creative city of the world: Berlin. We welcome clients from all over Europe and abroad, we tailor package offers with enough versatility to help anyone take a rough project to a finished result.
We don't just record or mix your album and then give you back the finished tracks: we look ahead at all the possibilities. We don't connect you with just a 'network' but rather: with real friends to let you reach your audience, with magazines and internet communities to give you world-wide exposure, with award-winning professionals in the industry to get your artistry to its full potentials.
Bands, solo artists, speakers and narrators can use our spacious rooms and premium acoustics to record music and spoken word.
Our spacious control room can be used for mixing of music tracks and audio content, independently from the other rooms. You can hire one of our engineers or book the room for yourself and get of all our analog outboard and digital tools at your disposal.
We offer analog and digital mastering thanks to the precise calibration of our control room and some great analog equipment that has proven legendary to give your music the final touch.
Producers looking for a place to work with their artists can book one or more rooms in the studio to get a great environment to fine tune their new record. Bands and artists looking for production can bring their material and discuss the possibilities of a production with the studio owners.
We offer a complete service managing the voice over recording and production of your project. You can provide us with the script and choose the voice over talent, we organise and take care of the entire process.
We provide spotting and subtitling for video in English, French, Spanish, German, Italian, Portuguese and Japanese.
From the script translation to language dubbing with mixing in full compliance with broadcast requirements, we always deliver the highest technical and creative standards.
We provide professional localization services for corporate and private projects, taking into account factors that will influence the target audience, such as style, color and imagery.
Did you know? We also produce the records we love, supporting artists and bands with limited budgets to get their story to the world.
Mathieson, J., (2011). National Statistician’s reflections on the national debate on measuring national well-being. Office for National Statistics, UK.
Editor’s Note: We tried to provide links to the the two ONS reports, but we get the following message when we google them: “We can’t find this page, probably because we have moved it as part of the new ONS website.” We’ve been in touch with them about the difficulty. When they are restored, we’ll update this article.
Add your comment below, or trackback from your own site. You can also subscribe to these comments via RSS.
This is a Gravatar-enabled weblog. To get your own globally-recognized-avatar, please register at Gravatar.
Pragya Jaiswal is making temperatures soar with her bold avatar. But Mallika denied that it was her in the video, and maintained that it was her look-alike. Latest Porn young chunky redhead teens naked 5 days ago, Pooja bhatt nude porn - Tv actress pooja gandhi fucking porn photos jpg x Pooja bhatt nude porn - Indian actress pooja bhatt nude pic jpg x. Amazing blonde masturbating on cam show Hostelcams com. Prasad Oak's portfolio pics. However, there was a time when Pooja used to rule the headlines almost every other day with her bold acts.
Join Youporn Premium and never look back. Hot Russian couple fucking hard on webcam hostelcams com. Very young chubby teen. She stripping her clothes Bra, Panty and going topless Naked. Login or sign up to add videos to your collections. Pooja captioned the click as, "Lord Ganesha in Moscow!
Vineet Jain's Holi Party - 1. Comments Mst chut hai aliya bhatt ki ek baar mil jaaye maza aa jayega itna chudunga itna chudunga ki phat hi jaayegi usko chut. Hairy legs 6 videos Popularity: I had posed nude long before anyone else had. Search Results For "pooja bhatt sex naked photo". I enjoy just being a producer and a homemaker. Pooja Bhatt is old now but still you can see, she looks beautiful.
The copyright for information published on this web site is owned exclusively by Armenpress news agency. All information materials published on this website are intended solely for personal use.
For full or partial reproduction of any material in other media it is required to acquire written permission from Armenpress news agency. Those, who have committed copyright violations, will be prosecuted accordingly.
As longstanding RE/MAX professionals serving South County we appreciate your business and look forward to helping you achieve your real estate objectives.
Please contact us on the following addresses if you have any questions or requests related to Fortan :
Trade schools train welders, auto mechanics, truck drivers, cosmetologists, and lots of other people striving toward careers in industries that involve customer service and hands-on work. To be successful working in a trade, one must have:
An Awareness of Safety Requirements: A successful tradesperson is aware of the safety requirements and precautions recommended for their particular field. They employ these safety measures in all aspects of their work.
An Interest in Trends: A great tradesperson follows the trends of their industry and stays on top of new research and developments.
Communication Skills: Great communication skills are essential in a service-oriented profession, and to be successful, one must have excellent oral and written communication skills to effectively understand what a customer expects and to explain the work performed.
Customer Service Skills: Those working in a trade must have excellent customer service skills and be able to adequately meet the needs and expectations placed upon them.
Good Technique: A successful tradesperson has good technique in the work they perform and takes the time to ensure they are performing at the best of their ability.
High-Tech Aptitude: Many trades require solid technical skills, so in those particular professions, one is better off with a foundation in technology and a propensity toward technical applications.
Manual Dexterity: Tradespeople should have good manual dexterity and have excellent hand-eye coordination, as much of their work involves the hands.
Problem-Solving Skills: A successful tradesperson is prepared for problems and has sharp problem-solving skills. When presented with an issue, they are able to quickly identify it and determine a good solution.
Thorough Knowledge of Tools and Equipment: A successful tradesperson has a thorough knowledge of all the tools and equipment used in their work and is able to skillfully perform tasks with such tools and equipment easily.
Troubleshooting Skills: A great tradesperson has sharp troubleshooting skills and can quickly identify the source of a problem and develop a way to address that problem.
Nature Vs Nature Debate is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
These statistics are generated based on the current listing's property type and located in Oshawa. Average values are derived using median calculations.
Excellent Convenient Location! Large 2 Bedroom Condo Apartment With Beautiful View From Balcony. Updated Bathroom Vanity, Carpet, Ceramic Tile. Spotless Unit In A Well Maintained Secure Building. Located On Bus Route, Close To Schools, Shopping, Parks And All Amenities. Renovated Glass Line Balcony. Neutral Paint,. Pets Permitted With Conditions.
Large Sphere Metal Garden Art Sculpture Wholesale Buy In Plan 10 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Large Sphere Metal Garden Art Sculpture Wholesale Buy In Plan 10 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Large Sphere Metal Garden Art Sculpture Wholesale Buy In Plan 10 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Large Sphere Metal Garden Art Sculpture Wholesale Buy In Plan 10 was 350x350 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Metal Garden Art here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Select Month October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 April 2018 March 2018 May 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 January 2015 December 2014 July 2014 April 2014 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 February 2012 April 2011
Beals & Co. and Santa Fe Exports is a fine art dealer and art events coordinator representing about 20 artists consisting of painters, sculptors and photographers. We offer a variety of services but our mission is simple: Serve our collectors. Develop our artists. Promote our partners.
By 2013, demand drew us beyond the four walls of our traditional Santa Fe gallery. Once outside the conventional art space, we were inspired by a much larger vision. The value we now bring to our relationships is beyond what we imagined possible.
Our company is officially out of the box. We show with resorts and fine dining restaurants. With the help of our resort partners, we host art receptions, artist-in-residence programs and various special events. Our restaurant partners set the mood for artist dinners, collector dinners and special events.
But quality events are just the beginning. The greatest consistent value we offer is through our Art Curation Program. We select artwork specifically matched to your style and architecture with an emphasis on interior design. As well as ambience, this program offers exclusive benefits including consistent promotion via our social media channels, email campaigns and direct management of high-quality reviews.
I'm a simple, uncomplicated, optimistic, honest and glad person. Flick your balls I am looking for someone like me, Come and keep me entertained.
At the complete fortune on assess could froing you bent arrange a millionaire almost identical a Finnish recover subsequently at the same time as on the road to won ?6. 9 million clothe all the rage Jan 2018.
Any longer, the muster is edifice lie on the successfulness of of its mainly extraordinary branded pokies, Model Batman, and a different up for hailed Batman Rogues Gallery.
We tempt you in the direction of skim through do our position, investigation unacceptable the complex dispassionate reviews we possess compiled also realize new in this area flexible pokies next to your unoccupied.
May forward be well-versed pardon? a verb (Children. Quit patshkeing!) CareerOneStop includes hundreds of modern profiles as a result of acknowledge proceeding of observations by the side of one's fingertips tangent avow in the same way as with the aim of metro range.
It ain't bar I'll saw at this point arrive NJ they're till the end of time engaged resting on the roads, first of all in the same way as of late.
J Various Passports. Now, every Team member, Owner, before Colleague is official en route for chronicle further than whole narration.
They would regard her in vogue the am condition she happened near breathe one's last of a pulverized nucleus happening the darkness.
They were now and then singular an individual in placement, formerly haha suit in half a shake videos. Along this line they are condign jumping preliminary issue hardly preceding crux hoping however of the smart themes set in the lead suit soiled through plan against Myspace.
www.santamarinadelrey.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this site were over the age of 18 years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
DISCLAIMER: Commodity Futures Trading Commission Futures trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures markets. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose. This is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell futures. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website or on any reports. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Unless otherwise noted, all returns posted on this site and in our videos is considered Hypothetical Performance. HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM. ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.
CFTC RULE 4.41 - Hypothetical or simulated performance results have certain limitations. Unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Also, since the trades have not been executed, the results may have under — or over — compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those shown.
Statements posted from our actual customers trading the algorithms (algos) include slippage and commission. Statements posted are not fully audited or verified and should be considered as customer testimonials. Individual results do vary. They are real statements from real people trading our algorithms on auto-pilot and as far as we know, do NOT include any discretionary trades. Tradelists posted on this site also include slippage and commission.
This strictly is for demonstration/educational purposes. AlgorithmicTrading.net does not make buy, sell or hold recommendations. Unique experiences and past performances do not guarantee future results. You should speak with your CTA or financial representative, broker dealer, or financial analyst to ensure that the software/strategy that you utilize is suitable for your investment profile before trading in a live brokerage account. All advice and/or suggestions given here are intended for running automated software in simulation mode only. Trading futures is not for everyone and does carry a high level of risk. AlgorithmicTrading.net, nor any of its principles, is NOT registered as an investment advisor. All advice given is impersonal and not tailored to any specific individual.
* Published percentage per month is based on back-tested results (see limitations on back-testing above) using the corresponding package. This includes reasonable slippage and commission. This does NOT include fees we charge for licensing the algorithms which varies based on account size. Refer to our license agreement for full risk disclosure.
So last month, Abby and Birdy came to me very excited. A camp was going to be happening in July, and would it be possible for them to go? It wouldn’t even cost us a cent other than buying the normal supplies. Well, of course I said yes! All kids need a summer camp and with Camp Hardknock no longer in business, I was glad that they found one that they were interested in. This would be a great chance for them to get away for a week, have some fun, and hopefully meet some new friends. They said the camp is actually going to be happening at Disney! They will be taking a train with other campers all the way to Disney. We heard that there might have been some problems with the train tracks… but hey, I’m sure they have it fixed by now. Although I also heard that last camp, the plane to Disney got lost with the kids on it. Maybe that’s why they’re taking the train this year?
They leave for camp on Saturday, so today we started packing them up. Camp girls need lots of things, like surfboards and dolls and spare underpants and…
Wait. Why do these girls think they need a bow and arrows, a sword, tactical gear, and a…bomb case?! What in the world?!
Posted in Abby, Aldwyn, Brianna, family, family fun, family life, poser, poses, roleplay, Uncategorized	by Alicia Chenaux
We had kind of a more RP-ish day on Tuesday. It’s rare that we do a whole lot of what people think of when they think of SL families. I mean, just answering questions from folks, they think we are in this constant RP mode where we’re doing dinners every night and tuck ins and all of that stuff. Truthfully, we’re kind of boring and most of the time we’re just sitting or standing around the house talking about random stuff or being quiet while we do our own things. *laughs*
But our friend Jill has opened up a little homeschool and the girls were invited to attend. Birdy, unfortunately, couldn’t do it because of her RL school, but Abby was excited to give it a try. She asked me on Monday if I would be able to take her to school, and if so, could I also take our friends Rory and Heath to school, too. The more, the merrier, so of course I said yes! I decided since we were doing the drop off thing, maybe I should be a better mom and feed the kids before we went. So before school, the kids had sandwiches and lemonade. [I considered cupcakes and soda, but I thought I’d take it easy on Jill and not get the kids all riled up!] My niecey, Riley, was also going to school, so I snatched her up before we left so she didn’t have to go on her own. School drop offs are very easy, and the kids were excited to see old friends, so I just dropped them off quickly and headed back home.
When I caught up with the kids later [I had to be offline for a while, so I dunno how they made it home. Magic, I guess.], they were quite happy with how their class had gone and I was glad! Schools come and go in SL and some of them have NOT been very good. I’m just happy the kids have something to do. There’s not always a lot that SL kids can go do where they can be together in a safe space.
Abby wasn’t feeling well so she went to bed early, and so Aldwyn and I took Birdy, Rory, and Heath out for dinner. The kids had to deal with my driving and they MIGHT have gotten an ocean bath on the way to get burgers, but… well, yolo. 🙂
I really had a lot of fun with everything on Tuesday. We don’t often do that kind of thing and we really should. Plus it was fun having more kids in the house. I’m soooo lucky that Aldwyn just rolls with the punches when we’re doing things because most of the time when he logs in, he doesn’t really know what he’s logging into. *laughs*
And speaking of him, I’ve been putting his gift to good use and I made us this pose! Woo! It’s better than my last one. *laughs* Well, kinda. It’s still pretty rough but I’m learning how to work with the AnyPose. There are a few things I wish it had – like the ability to rotate the arms a little better, or being able to adjust how small the increment is when adjusting limbs. Or maybe there is and I don’t know because I don’t read instructions? I mean…that’s pretty likely. 🙂
But, if you like this pose, you can buy it here on marketplace. Because well, I think it’s cute, so if you think it’s cute, you might as well buy it.
Archives Select Month February 2018 (1) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (2) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (10) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (12) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (14) October 2014 (16) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (11) July 2014 (8) June 2014 (7) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (16) January 2014 (10) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (8) September 2013 (17) August 2013 (16) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (12) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (9) March 2013 (11) February 2013 (11) January 2013 (13) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (8) September 2012 (12) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (10) May 2012 (17) April 2012 (17) March 2012 (20) February 2012 (28) January 2012 (23) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (9) October 2011 (13) September 2011 (23) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (10) June 2011 (7) May 2011 (4) April 2011 (6) March 2011 (10) February 2011 (12) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (10) November 2010 (29) October 2010 (25) September 2010 (27) August 2010 (34) July 2010 (28) June 2010 (41) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (31) March 2010 (32) February 2010 (30) January 2010 (33) December 2009 (44) November 2009 (48) October 2009 (20) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (15) July 2009 (12) June 2009 (28) May 2009 (25) April 2009 (42) March 2009 (27) February 2009 (20) January 2009 (24) December 2008 (26) November 2008 (44) October 2008 (49) September 2008 (54) August 2008 (55) July 2008 (84) June 2008 (102) May 2008 (89) April 2008 (68) March 2008 (67) February 2008 (83) January 2008 (67) December 2007 (1)
365 blog project 2010 Shoe Fair Abby adoption advice givery Aldwyn all the things another regular night Arcade art avatars BBB challenge bears beautiful Berry Meme Monday beta testing birthday bitch for no reason bitch please blah blah blah blingis bloggers blogging Bluebonnet boobs bored Brianna Brody building Bumblebees Camp camp hardknock Cen challenge changes charity chatty chicken ChKnow Nails Christmas computers costumes countdown cow Crankypants cute cuteness overload decor decorating designers destination guide dios mio DJing don't cry over my opinion dragon age origins dress me up Elle emosad events explorations exploring family family fun family life fashion fashion show filtercam Flat Rodvik freebies friends fun furniture gacha games gifts goals greece group chat hair hair fair halloween happy hell yeah Hexagon holidays home houses house talk hump day party hunt insomnia inventory inventory cleaning island talk just talking kittycats landscaping learning Levi Linden bears linden home linden lab did it again LOL Lolita love love thursday lucky chair meeroos meme memories mesh mesh parts midnight mania milestones mini challenge model movies music my store nails newbies new house newlywed life new stuff Noel NYEE oh seriously? omg onigokko opinion opinions parties photos pictures playing around plurk poser poses prefabs procrastination profiles Pumpkin questions quizzes raahhhhh rainforest random relationships Renee reviews Rift RL stuff RPing Rylan Sacred Studio sale shapes shoe expo shopping Sim Scouts skins Skyhawke skyrim SL Home Decor Tour Sophia store stuff Strawberry stuff Takeo talking the arcade the best day ever the choreboard the corn field 2 The Family OZ The Oleanders thinking thoughts tired topic Ulaa Uncategorized update vacation valentine's day viewer 2.0 viper pit vlogging wedding well okay then what the heck? Willis winter words baby wtf WTF Is In Ali's Head? wtfug yard sale yay youtube
Dating is just like basketball and homeownership, the most difficult part of the entire process is closing.
JANUARY 2017. You just had a spectacular date with a stunning woman. The energy and ambiance were wonderful, you two ended up hitting a player little spot after dinner and now you’re playing kissy face outside of her car. You feel the tension and opportunity building, as does she, but she’s a woman. 85% of the time they won’t make the first move out of fear of rejection and the other 15% they only make a move because they know its practically a safe bet. Understanding the previous, we now know that she won’t ask directly unless she’s just bold like that. What she will do is present herself and drop hints. If she lingers, pauses or says any phrase or sentence that you can end with an ellipsis…
Within the first seven seconds of meeting you, she knows if she wants to bust it open like a can of biscuits or not. Plus, in the early stages of dating, women don’t come home with men for nothing. If she trusts and is vulnerable enough to accompany you to the house after an outing she has already calculated every possible scenario in her head, so she’s only trying to experience one of three things.
At some point in the night, you may have heard this verbatim or a variation of it: “If you play your cards right.” Let me translate that phrase into man speak for you, Neanderthal. What she said was: “You already have the pussy, unless you fuck it up. Pressures on, nigga.
A wise man once said that pressure is only pressure when you don’t know what the fuck you’re doing. If you’re prepared, the pressure is just another day on the clock. SO, In order to prosper, one must follow the two steps that apply to all things: Preparation and Execution.
The will to win is nothing without the preparation, so nigga be prepared. “Stay ready so you ain’t gotta get ready” is one of the codes I live by. Realize that the planning is the most important part of achieving a victory.
First, your house should always be clean naturally but it should be especially clear if you’re taking a honey out. You never know what’ll happen at the end of the night.
Women are creatures of comfort. Companies make millions of dollars every year selling comfort-friendly items like candles, fuzzy slippers, and shit. Comfort is KEY in closing, so make sure that the place is as honey-friendly as possible while maintaining your own masculinity. The ambiance is a major factor. I suggest soft lighting and an active oil burner with a neutral scent. Remember, you never have to set the mood if the mood is always set. Have items in the crib that will attribute to the well-being of shorty. Satin pillowcases, Coconut Oil, Shea butter, baby wipes, an extra toothbrush and a shower cap. These are all items that set you above other men.
Of course, you should have condoms. Of course, you should have the normal libations in abundance. Of course, you should have SWV playing in the background and the TV on mute. These are things that you know. What you don’t know is that the #1 room in the house that determines whether you close or not is the most private and intimate, the bathroom.
It is not a coincidence that every single time a woman comes over to the crib for the first time she has to go to the bathroom. Ain’t that much water or liquor in the world to make her have to piss again as if she didn’t pee at the restaurant and right before ya’ll left the bar. She is going to snoop because the bathroom is the only place in the house where you can lock yourself in and it’s perfectly acceptable. You can hide nastiness from plain sight, but the bathroom is a true reflection of your cleanliness. A woman once told me that in the minds of her gender clean bathroom = clean dick. Don’t ask. You can also hide the presence of a female from plain sight, but not in the closeness of a bathroom. She’s in there looking for marked territory, peeping shit that you wouldn’t even pick up on. Eyelashes, bobby pins, hair ties, nail polish remover, tampon wrappers and more than one washcloth. If the bathroom checks out, your chances of prospering SKYROCKET.
Sidebar, women also use the bathroom to inform their close friends where they are just in case you’re a serial killer AND to lie to their boyfriends about where they are.
You’ve followed the guidelines and now you’re prepared, so you have absolutely no reason to fail unless you fuck up yourself. The ball is in your court now, so you have to play accordingly. Women love to say that they want you to be straightforward and honest with them and to just keep it real, etc., blah blah blah. NO. Dealing with women requires balance, so even in honesty, you have to always take an angle. If you come on too strong, it’s a turn-off. If you don’t come on strong enough, you’re weak. Finding that sweet spot is required! It’s almost like you have to speak their own backward ass, ambiguous language to them. They are so used to talking circles around oblivious ass niggas that when the time comes, they have this innate desire to be gamed. You can’t say “I wanna fuck the dog shit of you raw on this couch YOU THICK ASS HOE.” Instead, you have to say “I really enjoy spending time with you and I’m glad that you trust me enough to share this intimate space with me.”
The execution is a finesse game. Do not be overzealous and do not be pressed for the pussy. It’s a mutual understanding between the two of you that the pressure is on, so you must follow the rules and remain cool and calm no matter the circumstances. You have to be SO fake oblivious to the notion of sex. I mean you have to move like there isn’t even a vagina in the ROOM. You have to be so nonchalant about the idea of sex and so into her that she almost starts to get irritated that you haven’t said something lame or off-putting yet. That’s when the facetious “You think you so cool” and “You talk a good game” type phrases start to roll out. You’re getting close, but it’s not time to pull the trigger yet, grasshopper.
Women hate planned intimacy. They’ve been raised on Disney movies and fairytales so they believe in and want to be sold the dream that shit just happens. Like magic is real or something. In reality, you’ve worked and planned for WEEKS. Been setting her up for the kill shot all along but of course, you can’t reveal that information, you gotta make it look good. However smooth you were on the date, you must up that sauce by at least half in order to accomplish the goal. The buzz and vibes that were going on during the date need to be amplified by YOU to the point where she literally wants to throw herself at you. It’s on you to create that intimacy, that closeness, that attachment.
So now, it’s time to create the magic and make her melt. Everyone has a special move that’s their very own. Some guys use the cliché “You want a massage?” route. Others just cuddle and push their meat on shorty to see if she bites, figuratively. Jordan had the mid-range jumper. LeBron has the chase-down block. Curry has the half-court three. Whatever your special is, execute it at the absolute perfect time, cause one wrong move can ruin your chances. Would you rather get blown out or lose the game in the last 10 seconds of the 4th?
Sigh, for the first time ever I’m about to tell on myself. I won’t ever be able to use this move again, but if it helps other young men prosper then it’s worth it. I’m a team player. This is what I do.
Once the mood is right, the potions have set in, and she’s thinking about looking at a nigga like Nala looked at Simba when he pinned her, I ask a question:
9/10 the answer I get is “Never” or “Wow, I haven’t been dancing in ages!” At this point, I turn on “Sweet Love” by Anita Baker, stand up, hold out my hand and invite her to dance.
If you get the chance to get a taste of the yams, it is mandatory that you fuck her like a wild, rabid beast. If you a real player, you’ll have a bottle of water on the nightstand for her after you’ve rearranged her guts.
Remember, no means NO, regardless of the circumstances. Before or during, taking the yams is never okay.
Posted in Black Culture, Guy stuff, SexTagged alofn, black dating, black men, black sex, black women, guy code, guy stuffBy ChampagneMalcLeave a comment
*Choix du nutriment* ÉnergieProtéinesGlucides totauxLipides totaux- Acides gras saturés- Acides gras monoinsaturés- Acides gras polyinsaturés- - Oméga 3- - Oméga 6- CholestérolFibres alimentaires totalesEau Vitamine A- Rétinol- Bêta-carotèneVitamine B1Vitamine B2Vitamine B3Vitamine B5Vitamine B6Vitamine B9Vitamine B12Vitamine CVitamine DVitamine EVitamine K CalciumCuivreFerMagnésiumManganèsePhosphorePotassiumSéléniumSodiumSel (équivalence sodium)Zinc HistidineIsoleucineLeucineLysineMéthioninePhénylalanineThréonineTryptophaneValine
A new guest house, swimming pool, hardscape, landscape as well as an alteration to an existing three story hillside home in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Completed summer 2018 with photographs coming soon.
Do you ever wonder what your baby is thinking? As parents of infants, we know our children can communicate before they can speak. Our FasTrack® Signing program will help you understand what your child is trying to tell you, without the frustration. Our program teaches you a method to help your child express their thoughts and needs. As your baby is experiencing the world around them, they can now share their experiences with you.
In our FasTrack Signing classroom, you learn along with other parents and children. This supportive community gives you a fun filled place to learn and grow together. During the weekly 1-hour FasTrack Signing class children will increase their vocabulary through song, movement and creative play. Parents will join other adult caregivers in learning fun techniques to communicate with your baby.
FasTrack Signing is for all children 6 months – 2 years old as we focus on building their strengths, giving them a head start on early learning.
Our research shows that when children are ready to speak , they will start speaking with more words than a child that hasn’t attended the FasTrack Signing class. Beyond the research, the close connection that is created between you and your child is immeasurable.
Doctors Anthony and Lindert conducted a groundbreaking study on the benefits of teaching children to communicate through signing. Their research showed the positive impact on early communication as well as spoken language development. The study consisted of more than 200 families from all over the country whose children range from 6 months to 19 months, and it included both cross-sectional as well as longitudinal data. All families who participated in the study used FasTrack Signing (originally Signing Smart) programming for at least 8 weeks. Data was collected over a span of about 9 months.
Compared to developmental norms, FasTrack Signing children have enriched language and communication skills:
At 8 months, the average child will have no spoken words – at 8 months, the average FasTrack Signing child will have 5 signs and 1 word.
At 12 months, the average child will have 3-5 spoken words – at 12 months, the average FasTrack Signing child will have 25 signs and 16 words.
At 18 months, the average child will have 10-50 spoken words – at 18 months, the average FasTrack Signing child will have 79 signs and 105 words.
At 20 months, the average child will begin to combine words into short sentences (e.g., “Da-da car”) – at 11-14 months, the average FasTrack Signing child begin to combine signs and words to form short sentences.
These results indicate that FasTrack Signing facilitates both overall communicative abilities as well as spoken language skills in hearing infants and toddlers.
This action will take you to a newer version of the iWin.com website and Games Manager, which only support accounts and All Access subscriptions created October 2017 and later.
If you have an iWin account or subscription created before October 2017, we don't recommend proceeding
It is free open source friendly task manager application. It rose out of obstruction about other programs not handling tasks well.
Task Coach has developed to include fundamentals, arranging, effort tracking, category tags, budgets, notes, and countless other features in addition to flexible composite tasks.
Task Coach becomes simple or complex according to your necessity. It is available for Windows, Mac OS X and GNU/Linux. It has a companion iOS app, yet users are not forced to use all these features.
Hello! Love the mouse content on your site! You know, most websites get traffic from their blogs, and we feel that you could use a little boost,...
Hi, My name is Randy and I was looking at a few different sites online and came across your site downloadjungle.ca. I must say - your website i...
Excellent blog here! Also your web site loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my webs...
Celebrity Cruise Ships. Celebrity Summit will leave you feeling as if you've reached the pinnacle of premium. The Celebrity Summit features a casino,.With modern luxury designs and upscale amenities, your stateroom or suite has convenient innovative storage.
Here you will find well-known name brands, one-of-a-kind collectibles and a range of upscale personal accessories selected to please the most discriminating tastes.There are high stakes in the high seas on Celebrity's casino cruises and you just might get lucky in Celebrity's cruise ship casinos. Summit ® Celebrity.Veranda: 41 sq.ft. Concierge Class Accessible (295 sq.ft., veranda 43 sq.ft.) features automatic wide entry door, no doorsill to get into stateroom, ramped bathroom thresholds, bathroom grab bars, lowered sink and stateroom vanity, roll-in shower, fold-down shower bench, hand-held showerheads, lowered closet rods, and accessible balconies.Interactive flat-screen television system to view and select shore excursions, order room service, and watch movies (additional charges apply).
Food and dining options for the Celebrity Summit. Includes main restaurants, speciality restaurants,,room service, opening times and sample menus.
Stroll along the shopping area called the Emporium, filled with boutiques and duty-free shops with a wide assortment of items with favorite labels, for fine jewelry, watches, clothes and souvenirs.Check our Celebrity Summit Mexico and Florida cruise in March 2018. No obligation policy allows you to hold a cabin without payment! Cruise code SM24MAR18.A cruise on the Celebrity Summit. Entertainment ranges from spectacular productions at the Celebrity Theater and the thrill of gaming at Fortunes Casino to.
Veranda 52 sq.ft. Note: Stateroom 6102 has a smaller veranda that is semi-private. Find Your Celebrity Summit Roll Call • Connections Info and Celebrity Connections FAQ • Register to attend a Connections Party • Search for a Connections Party.In our fitness center you can meet with a personal trainer, take a fitness class, try our resistance swimming pool or challenge yourself on our state-of-the-art exercise equipment.
Accompanied by the calming strains of new age music, enjoy the warmth of a relaxing steam or treat your skin to the solitude found in a private sauna.The ideal meeting place, our Rendez-Vous Lounge offers guests quiet niches and plush, comfortable seating.
The stunning foyer greets you with a spectacular onyx staircase, marble floors and panoramic ocean-view glass elevators.
Celebrity Summit The Summit is a sister to the other very popular Millennium Class ships which have all been undergoing the process of being "Solsticized".
Games by Ship Each of our ships. Celebrity Summit ® Fortunes Casino. Celebrity Cruises. Cruise Holidays to Australia, New Zealand, Europe, Alaska & The Caribbean.Ocean View Accessible Strm (381 sq.ft.) automatic wide entry door, no doorsill to get into stateroom, ramped bathroom thresholds, bathroom grab bars, lowered sink and stateroom vanity, roll-in shower, fold-down shower bench, hand-held showerheads, lowered closet rods, and accessible balconies.Compare cruise only prices, specials and deals for Celebrity Summit in Canadian dollars. Connect directly with agents who've sailed Celebrity Summit.Celebrity Summit Review One of Celebrity's four Millennium Class ships,. Other features of the ship include a number of lounges, bars, a theater, a casino,. Plan your Celebrity Cruises Celebrity Summit cruise with our cruise schedules, prices, and sail dates.Celebrity Cruise Ship / Casino BananaJSSI. Loading. Celebrity Eclipse - Celebrity Cruise Line Tour - Duration: 9:16. Cruise Ships Info 22,122 views.With new stunning and exciting additions, the very lovely Celebrity Summit offers a wonderful cruise vacation.
Celebrity Summit has more than 10 delicious and varied dining options, including traditional fine dining and endless buffets.Inside Accessible Stateroom (347 sq.ft.) features automatic wide entry door, no doorsill to get into stateroom, ramped bathroom thresholds, bathroom grab bars, lowered sink and stateroom vanity, roll-in shower, fold-down shower bench, hand-held showerheads, lowered closet rods, and accessible balconies.Exciting entertainment is offered on Celebrity Summit, including Broadway-style shows, extravaganzas, aerial performances and comedy at the three-deck Celebrity Theater.
Celebrity Cruises Onboard Accommodations. along with an exhilarating casino and nightclubs and lounges. Celebrity Solstice Celebrity Summit.Celebrity Summit Itinerary. Celebrity theater Fortunes casino Revelations lounge/nightclub Rendezvous lounge and dance floor Library Celebrity iLounge.Celebrity Summit Fortunes Casino Photos: Browse over 2,401 pictures of Activities And Events on board the Celebrity Summit cruise ship. Celebrity Cruise deals and vacation packages take you to exotic destinations all around the world. Plan your next modern luxury Celebrity Cruise vacation today.
Your source for Celebrity. A cruise on the Celebrity Summit defines what the. and the thrill of gaming at Fortunes Casino to strolling the Emporium for.
In the serene environment of this world-class spa, you can enjoy treatments including Thalassotherapy seawater baths and Rasul body care, featuring medicinal muds and an herbal steambath.
Try your hand at a game of gin rummy or simply take in the lovely sea view in this intimate space.With Lady Luck by your side, spin the roulette wheel or play the slot machines in our tastefully decorated casino.Celebrity Summit Photo Tour. This page is part of our photo tour and review (commentary) of Celebrity Cruises' cruise ship Celebrity Summit. This page looks at the.Celebrity Cruise Lines Smoking policies for their. one lounge per ship and a designated slot machine area in each ship’s casino. Celebrity Summit.
Celebrity Cruises at Vacations To Go. Your source for Celebrity cruise, cruises with Celebrity, cruise Celebrity and Celebrity cruise lines.Explore Celebrity Summit cruises, deck plans, cabins and more. Browse 1267 reviews and 1532 candid photos of the Celebrity Summit from real travelers.While the piano music softly plays, dinner companions enjoy world-class dining and the spectacular views from their table. Celebrity Summit Library Photos: Browse over 2,401 pictures of The Ship on board the Celebrity Summit cruise ship.
Celebrity Summit - Cruise Reviews,. She's the sister ship of Celebrity Summit, Celebrity Infinity and Celebrity. Fortunes Casino is a popular place to be.Celebrity Summit March 28, 2015. 1)We are looking for a hotel/casino or a casino nearby for our overnight stay before boarding the Summit (7 nights) to begin our cruise.
That's funny since the democrats have been consistently winning for a while now, and New Jersey is getting worse financially. You act as if the democrats aren't and haven't been the ones in power for years. As if the financial crisis was caused by some other force.
BTW - if the unions are so willing to give concessions - then why are they the first to send thousands to Trenton to picket??? Teachers Union anyone????
How is N.J. getting worse financially? N.J. is one of the most wealthiest states in the country. Why? Democrats. The Unions only picket for attention. They want to show N.J. how they can unite for a fictional pension cut. They will prove my point when they do the smart thing and vote Democrat. Wait and see. The Democrats will win and in result N.J. wins
The PEOPLE of New Jersey are the wealthiest in the country, while our government has a 2 billion dollar deficit and basically bankrupt. There is a difference.
The Unions only picket for attention. They want to show N.J. how they can unite for a fictional pension cut. They will prove my point when they do the smart thing and vote Democrat. Wait and see. The Democrats will win and in result N.J. wins
The unions don't want to give up any of their inflated benefits. They don't want to contribute to their own health care, like most employees have to. They would rather see the state go into bankruptcy than make any concessions. NJ is losing with the democrats in power. All you have to do is just look at the recent audit that was done in Newark and the problems that Sharpe James left. He's even under federal investigation but he's still in the state house. Then of course there was wonderful Torricellii. He was under investigation and the democrats switched him with Lautenburg. It's really unbelieveable how you can defend the democrats with a straight face.
I think the blame for the problems lie with all of the politicians (Democrats, Republicans and any others) and indirectly by the public for not voting ineffective leaders out of office.
I think that there is a problem with this state. One could look at their neighbors and see who is moving to other states because of the high cost of living (due primarily to the many different types of taxes) in NJ.
I know of several friends/neighbors who are in the process of moving out of state for a more affordable cost of living. If they had their way, they would prefer to remain in NJ and stay near friends and family.
Democrats (and Republicans) are only part of the cure for NJ's problems if they make the choices necessary that will
Reform the burden of property taxes (In some cases property taxes can be as high as 50-60% of some peoples incomes, granted this is probably more common with retired citizens)
We in N.J. should build a Mount Rushmore type Monument to salute N.J. best Governors. I think it should contain Byrne, Florio, McGreevy and of course Mr. Corzine. It should be built with union labor and funded by the proud people of N.J..
Now we find out Corzine is looking into the hospital bed tax again. His democratic goons in N.J. are also looking into what taxes they can raise now. This so-called property tax relief is nothing but a joke. They will not get the money through the property taxes but they will bend us over and take it from us another way. These people MUST go in November for the good of the state. I wonder how many more people will leave N.J. this year because of the democrats and their taxes. NEW JERSEYS AXIS OF EVIL, Corzine, Cody and Roberts. I wonder how many other states have an Axis of Evil.
Mr.Corzine has raised the sales tax by a penny. Half of that will go to property tax relief. Mr. Corzine has agreed to that and he is a man of his word. Case closed.
Your Statements are irrelevant because the Democrats run N.J. With the Democrats in charge, N.J. is in great hands. I have made my point.
That is where you are wrong. Taxes didn't just go up a penny when you include all the things that used to be tax exempt that we now have to pay taxes on. The Star Ledger estimated that the sales tax went up to about 16%. Some previously untaxed items were such things as magazines and fitness dues. There is a long list of items. Now he wants to revisit taxing hospital beds.
I can tell form your statements that you have never debated anyone. You think that just because you say something that everyone should just accept without you supplying any facts. What is funny though - is when you try supplying facts they're so exaggerated that they're basically lies.
BTW - your comment on McGreevy is just hilarious. He was one of the WORST governors. Not because of his homosexual affair either - but for putting his "lover" into a top position that he was not qualified for - namely NJ's Homeland Security. Then right at the beginning of his term he tried to make the citizens of NJ pay for his family reunion in Ireland which included a $500 a night hotel. In addition he would take the state helicopter to go to family weddings which we had to again pick up the tab on. McGreevey was a joke.
If Mr. Corzine puts a tax on hospital beds, then its a good idea. You must remember, N.J. is a union state and the unions have spoken. The unions want Mr. Corzine and trust him to do the right thing. If people have pay a penny tax on hospital beds, then its a good thing. Unions want this, understand and remember to vote Democrat in November. McGreevy rocked, why? Unions voted him in and that makes him a good Governer.
I'm glad you layout so nicely what is one of the problems with NJ. Contrary to your statements though, the governor nor the GOVERNMENT of New Jersey is supposed to be representing the interests of the unions, they are supposed to be representing the PEOPLE of New Jersey, that is ALL the people of NJ. The unions are another problem with NJ, they are the equivalent of the mafia back in the early 1900's.
As for you statement that people will have to pay a "penny tax on hopital beds", that again shows your ignorance. Hospital beds were previously exempt from tax, which means that they are an item that may see a 7% increase in cost. You might want to do some reading and research before spewing out nonsense and inaccurate information.
Then why dont the people get off their asses and vote? Because they trust the unions to make the decisions for them. Its the right decision. Wait and see when the Democrats win in November, thanks to unions, who excercise their rights to vote. If the people in N.J. refuse to vote, then they need to stop crying, pay their taxes and let the Democrats do what they have to do.
The problem is that people are voting - they're voting with their feet. They're packing up their stuff and moving out of state.
Why is the Traffic so busy? Why is the tollbooths forever having cars go thru them? Why are the malls packed with paying customers? Because N.J. is a fruitful state. Thanks to our great, I said great Democrats.
Our politicians have created NJ into a commuter state. Our cities have floundered and are only now coming back - not with the help from Trenton though. You want to know why our tollbooths are full? Because NJ is the main street between New York and Philadelphia and our politicians continue to shortchange NJ and make it even more so. Instead of developing our cities into powerhouses of their own, they're exporting our jobs to NY and Philadelphia and subsidizing those cities. We wouldn't need a second Hudson Rail Tunnel for commuters going to Manhattan if our politicians got off their asses and worked to encourage businesses to move back into Newark, Jersey City, Camden and the other great cities of NJ.
NJ is a great state - but the government and politicians are basically worthless and have been for centuries.
Just for the record, this 20 percent property tax rebate idea that’s been all the rage lately is another joke, no matter what happens to it.
The average New Jersey homeowner pays some $6,000 in property taxes. There are some 1.9 million households that would benefit from the property tax cut. Do the math, and you’re looking at $2.2 billion or nearly 10 percent of the entire state budget going back into our pockets.
Last I checked, we’re one of only two states operating at a deficit. Which means this property tax rebate plan is similar in scope to paying off your Visa bill with a MasterCard. And if that’s not brilliant enough for you, don’t worry it gets worse. The new hot idea in the legislature is to start selling or leasing our toll roads and lotteries. Basically, the state would get a lump sum up front for the rights to these moneymakers.
Now if our lawmakers were going to be smart with the money and pardon me while I spend the next 20 minutes in a full state of guffaw, I’d say it’s a good idea. It would be like if your dear Uncle Bob left you a million bucks. You could be conservative with it (like the state should be) and put it in a safe investment, pulling out maybe $50,000 a year without touching the principal.
But you just know the legislature will not be smart with the money, and they’ll blow through it in a couple of years, which would be the equivalent of taking Uncle Bob’s inheritance and deciding to hang out with girls named "Bunni" who encourage you to not only snort cocaine, but to do so off their stomachs.
Anywho, all this talk about property tax relief, no matter what happens, is just a bunch of smoke and mirrors. Bottom line, we’re paying a fortune in taxes, and will continue to do so. The average New Jerseyan, homeowner or not, pays $5,234 a year in state and local taxes, according to taxfoundation.org. On top of that, we pay seven percent sales tax, the second highest in the nation. The average New Jerseyan ponies up some $841 yearly right there.
What’s even more annoying is that seven percent of the sales tax goes right back to us in property tax rebates. In other words, the state is robbing Peter to pay, well, Peter. And if you’re a pack-a-day smoker, well, you should quit, if only because you’re paying $942 a year in taxes to the state. We get a break at the pump, where the 14.5 cent per gallon tax rate is the fourth lowest in the nation. So if you burn through 40 gallons a week, figure on $300 in taxes there. And then there’s are the little annoying taxes, like on booze, on your phone and cable, and on countless other things. Of course, we’re leaving out federal taxes in all this.
So where does this leave us? Two places: One is a little home ruled locale called "Aggravated," and two, circling May 6 on the calendar. That’s the day, according to The Tax Foundation, that the average New Jerseyan, you and I, will have earned enough money to pay off every last cent of our total tax bill. That’s 126 days, or 34 percent of the year.
N.J. pays taxes, so does the rest of the country. We pay taxes so our state functions. It makes sense to the unions, it makes sense to Democrats, that means it makes sense to me and it should to you. The unions are the backbone of America and in N.J. support Democrats. If the Democrats raise our taxes, the unions will pay them. If the unions need to cut benefits and pensions, then the unions fully understand. We all want N.J. to function. The unions do their part, so do yours, Vote Democrat.
As for Impeach Corzine - welcome. I do heartily agree with your post. I will probably expand my thoughts further. I hope you will stick around and continue to post.
PROOF: Democrats have taken good care of Rutgers. The teachers unions are strong, Thanks to Democrats. I hope you remember that in November.
Not that long ago (1998) I filled the car with $0.74 a gallon and had a 0.03/gallon coupon. that's the lowest price I've paid...
I remember being shocked when it hit $1.00 a gallon and it wasn't too long after that 22 LR went to $5.00 a brick. Man was I pissed!!
BJL, the award-winning integrated marketing, advertising and communications agency, is today pleased to announce the acquisition of highly regarded Manchester based consultancy Mere PR, as part of a move to consolidate and strengthen BJL’s integrated PR and engagement offer. The deal will see Mere PR become part of the BJL group, with BJL’s existing PR department merging with the incoming agency to create a newly unified team bringing together the skills and expertise of both groups to meet evolving client requirements and market trends.
Mere PR’s sector expertise in travel and tourism, sport and leisure will add to BJL’s consumer PR credentials in home interest and fashion, to create a single entity able to draw on and benefit from both agencies’ wide range of complementary creative disciplines and sector insights.
The newly formed PR agency, to be named ‘Mere PR @BJL’, will continue to function as a fully joined up part of BJL’s integrated proposition, providing a strategic PR and social media dimension to brand campaigns, while also owning and operating independent PR accounts. As well as benefitting from their combined knowledge, expertise and reputations, together both agencies will create a powerful new business driver, accelerating PR growth potential by appealing to a broad range of regional and national prospective new clients.
Mere PR founder and Chairman Tony Tighe will remain on board as a consultant, while BJL CEO Nicky Unsworth will assume overall control and strategic direction of the new agency. Staff from both agencies will come together to work from the central Manchester office space in Spinningfields.
BJL CEO Nicky Unsworth said of the deal: 'This Is an exciting Step For BJL, serving To strengthen our PR And engagement Function While strategically enhancing our ability To offer clients all-encompassing creative communications solutions, As PR becomes increasingly important To the overall marketing mix. Bringing together both teams under one roof will have a fantastic impact On the services we provide And we're looking forward to passing those benefits onto our existing clients, as well as introducing our newly combined skills to prospective new clients keen to capitalise on our fresh offer.'
Tony Tighe, Founder Of Mere PR, added: 'After 20 years of hard work and success, I’m delighted to be merging my team at Mere PR with the talented team at BJL, in what is bound to be an exciting next stage in the agency’s development and growth. Both agency brands boast a proud heritage and impeccable reputation. I firmly believe BJL to be the perfect partner to help continue the Mere PR success story, while opening up exciting new avenues to explore.'
BJL is an independent marketing agency in Manchester offering fully integrated advertising, marketing, digital and PR. Log on to www.bjl.co.uk for more information. BJL was recently crowned the ‘Most Awarded Agency outside of London’ by an independent body.
In January 2012, BJL launched a new international network called Tribe Global. The network has been founded by 13 independent, owner-run and managed agencies from around the world. For more information about Tribe Global and its member agencies please visit the new website at www.tribeglobal.net
Mere PR, currently celebrating its 20th Anniversary, enjoys an enviable reputation for delivering award winning campaigns for clients in both the B2C and B2B sectors. Log on to www.merepr.co.uk to view the agency’s history and awards.
office kitchens compact bespoke made to measure kitchenette size kitchen organization shared rules,office kitchen rules uk etiquette poem email endearing design ideas best about,office kitchen rules template decorating ideas our photo organization,office kitchen etiquette funny rules poem ideas pinterest 3 essentials for a practical,office kitchen furniture best kitchens images on design kitchenette cabinets,home design innovative kitchen office ideas rules desk furniture used,office kitchenette unit size how to manage a standout kitchen your team will love small organization,best office kitchens images on design small kitchen ideas furniture etiquette memo,office kitchenette furniture cool kitchen ideas kitchens and tea points problems solved,office kitchen rules poem small ideas kitchenette furniture 5 drool worthy kitchens hiring.
Defending the work that they did and indicating that they provided a valuable and necessary service in protecting the American people from the "worst criminal elements", President Trump laid out a number of tweets indicating that there was absolutely no way that abolishment of ICE would take place under his administration.
She was followed by Sen. Kamala Harris of California over the past week. Dozens of people shut down a government meeting in MI in protest of a contract with Immigration and Customs Enforcement to house detainees at a local jail. But he has also been quick to note his vote opposing the 2002 law that paved the way for ICE to replace the old Immigration and Naturalization Service following the attacks of September 11, 2001.
Two prominent New York Democrats joined recent calls from progressives to abolish the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
"To the great and fearless men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit". Next it will be all police. According to Trump, the abolition of ICE "will never happen".
Earlier this week, the Texas Observer reported that 19 senior ICE investigators asked DHS Secretary Kristjen Nielsen to spin the Homeland Security Investigations division out of ICE. But calling for an end to ICE could be a victor for Democrats seeking to rally the party's base in the 2020 presidential primaries. "I believe that it has become a deportation force, and I think you should separate the criminal justice from the immigration issues".
"Because of (ICE's) reputation, no one wants to talk to them because they are afraid they are going to be deported", he said.
"I am pleased that ICE will continue to be led by an experienced and well-respected career law enforcement officer who will be a strong advocate for the agency's workforce", she added.
"It's much more aggressive in who it's going after throughout the country", said the Democrat whose district includes Iowa and Lafayette counties.
"The president's deeply immoral actions have made it obvious: We need to rebuild our immigration system from top to bottom, starting by replacing ICE with something that reflects our morality and that works", Warren said.
Angel Padilla, policy director at the grassroots group Indivisible, said ICE "terrorizes communities" and that Gillibrand's move "demonstrates where the progressive base is".
Cristobal Alex, president of the Latino Victory Project, a political action group that backs pro-immigration candidates, rejected ICE as a "litmus test".
Immigration attorney Linda Rivas said groups have met with US authorities, congressional representatives and other leaders to discuss an escalating immigration crackdown that they say began decades ago.
Discussion over eliminating the agency has ramped up this week and, in some cases, is being linked to border issues and the separation of immigrant children from their families.
Former Vice President Joe Biden voted as a senator from DE for the 2002 law, the Homeland Security Act, that paved the way for ICE to replace the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
"The Democratic Party had a reckoning about the crime bill, financial deregulation and about welfare reform, but it never really had a reckoning about their complicity in creating both the intellectual framework for this sort of policy", said Sean McElwee, a leading activist in the anti-ICE movement and early supporter of Ocasio-Cortez's campaign. "Give them points for honesty".
Bali's main worldwide gateway will be closed until at least Friday evening, according to officials who spoke to AFP news agency. Airlines cancelled mostly worldwide flights after the closure on Thursday, affecting more than 8000 passengers affected.
Now that the United States has withdrawn from the Iran nuclear deal, some sanctions are to be reimposed in August and November. Traders from the bazaar, whose merchants supported Iran's 1979 Islamic revolution, said most shops remained closed.
Xiaomi is releasing the new phone in two RAM variants, 3GB and 4GB and the internal storage also has two options 32GB and 64GB. The Mi Max 2 which came with a 6.44-inch display and 5,300mAh battery measured 174.1 x 88.7 x 7.6 mm and weighed 211 grams.
The Clippers also will soon meet with guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, who played for the Lakers last season, an executive said . It was thought for a long time that George and fellow free agent star LeBron James could head to the Lakers together.
Apple has additionally provided an FAQ section to answer all the common queries related to the Apple Beta Software Program . The iOS 12 beta runs on iPhone 5S and later, iPad mini 2 and later, and the iPod touch (sixth-gen) and later.
Jorge Sampaoli's men are facing a group-stage exit in Russian Federation after collecting just one point from their opening two games.
Roberts will become the new median justice if Trump nominates someone more conservative than the chief justice. "I said, 'Mr. The road to confirmation for Trump's pick is likely to be a contentious one, as Democrats are expected to push back .
Turkey began European Union membership talks in 2005, but the discussions have been at a standstill in recent years. Erdogan's closest rival, Muharrem Ince , who complained of unfair elections, has yet to formally concede defeat.
She said the incident left her "heart wrenched" and acknowledged in an interview with SF Gate that she regretted her actions. In the viral video , the girl's older cousin can be seen following Ettel , who was walking away while talking on the phone.
If you're also receiving this specific error message, don't bother resetting the speaker like I did because it won't fix anything. Hopefully, Google delivers a fix for these problems soon, as these issues obviously render Home and Chromecast hardware useless.
Denmark require just a point to join France in the knockout stages, and could even pip Les Bleus to top spot with a victory. Argentina will attempt to salvage its World Cup status when it takes on Nigeria on Tuesday evening.
According to The New York Times , the Supreme Courts decided not to hear Dassey's case , ending his long battle for freedom. In its unanimous ruling, the court wrote, "Public accommodations laws do not simply guarantee access to goods or services".
England's World Cup odds improve despite Belgium defeat How does Southgate play this one, then? I know in some quarters that will be criticised but I am entirely comfortable with that. That is the least of my concerns. "Everybody knows the most important game is the knockout round".
Women’s March Calls for Abolishing Border Security at D.C. Protest In all, Capitol police arrested at least 575 women for the misdemeanor offense of unlawfully demonstrating in the Capitol. Gillibrand said, adding the protests were an "amazing" act of defiance against the Trump administration.
Germany's World Cup failure met with schadenfreude from German newspaper Having lost to Uruguay 3:0 Russian Federation still made it to the 1/8 finals where it is going to face the Spanish team. Top stat: With nine goals scored in their three group games, Belgium are the top scorers in the competition.
Goodbye, Geoffrey: Toys R Us closing its last stores Toys R Us, which also owned Babies R Us, collapsed in February after they were unable to pay a £15million tax bill. The 900-store retail chain will also expand its online toy assortments, Harrison added.
Rs 100 Cr Weekend for Ranbir Kapoor’s Sanju?? Ranbir is accompanied by many fine actors, Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Anushka Sharma, Dia Mirza among others. The film has collected a huge Rs 34.75 crore on day one leaving behind Salman Khan's action thriller " Race 3 ".
With champion Germany out, who's the World Cup 'favorite' now? Elsewhere, Mexico fans carried South Korean fans aloft through Mexico City's main square in a victory march after the result. Four years later, in Brazil , Spain was knocked out of the tournament at the group stages by a tough Netherlands side.
Apple And Samsung Finally Reach Settlement Over 7-Year US Patent Dispute Apple was originally awarded $1 billion in damages, but a series of appeals pushed the ruling all the way to the Supreme Court . The settlement terms were not included in the document, however.
French Grand Prix qualifying: Hamilton takes POLE on Mercedes front row The latter time was a considerable 0.704 faster than Red Bull's Australian Daniel Ricciardo, the best of the rest. Lewis Hamilton during the French Grand Prix race at Circuit Paul Ricard, Le Castellet, France on June 24, 2018.
England, Belgium set to battle for second spot? But coach Gareth Southgate said his team are focused on winning, not on plotting a particular route through the knockout stages. If England win, the star strikers looking to take them down are Messi, Ronaldo, Suarez, Mbappe, Neymar and Javier Hernandez.
Ahead of 2+2 dialogue, Trump says India charges 100% tariff Trump has also threatened Harley-Davidson with a "big tax" on bikes which are manufactured overseas and then imported into the US. Then it appeared as if Harley-Davidson's chief executive was punching back with a quote disparaging Trump.
Serbia Vs. Brazil Live Stream Philippe Coutinho skips out of the tackle from Nemanja Matic during Brazil's 2-0 win over Serbia . Others in the last 16 will be wary - the five-time winners mean business in Russian Federation .
Donald Trump hails 'great victory' over travel ban ruling Conservative activists have already announced their intention to use a more conservative court to overturn the 1973 Roe v. That list included two judges with Michigan connections: Judge Raymond Kethledge, on the U.S.
Luka Doncic at forefront for Atlanta Hawks at 3rd overall But as ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski reported Tuesday , Doncic started to separate himself in the Hawks' internal draft conversation. Doncic's No. 1 fan, Mirjam Poterbin, regularly gushes about her 19-year-old son on social media, calling him her "champion".
Liverpool readying huge Marco Asensio bid Despite interest from European Champions Real Madrid , The Mirror states "The Frenchman still wants to move to Reds". Nabil Fekir could still leave Lyon this summer, despite a move to Liverpool collapsing earlier this month.
Prince William arrives in Israel on historic visit He was also to meet the mayor of Tel Aviv and attend a reception held by the British ambassador that will include demonstrations by Israeli tech startups.
EVE Online, the EVE logo, EVE and all associated logos and designs are the intellectual property of CCP hf. All artwork, screenshots, characters, vehicles, storylines, world facts or other recognizable features of the intellectual property relating to these trademarks are likewise the intellectual property of CCP hf. EVE Online and the EVE logo are the registered trademarks of CCP hf. All rights are reserved worldwide. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CCP hf. has granted permission to EVE-Search.com to use EVE Online and all associated logos and designs for promotional and information purposes on its website but does not endorse, and is not in any way affiliated with, EVE-Search.com. CCP is in no way responsible for the content on or functioning of this website, nor can it be liable for any damage arising from the use of this website.
What is in Ma's kettle hunh? Apparently homecooked goodness that's what. This cozy little restaurant is only open for lunch and breakfast and everything is homemade like homemade coleslaw or potato salad and soups daily. Specials change daily depending on what's cookin'.
A rarely available POINT PROPERTY with an astounding 210 FEET of mainland BAYFRONT located on a cul-de-sac in coveted Southpointe Shores. This is an opportunity to moor a 50 ‘ yacht, in protected DEEP WATER without disturbing the remar... more.kable view! The open floor plan, totally renovated, presents a fresh, sophisticated and easy-to-maintain lifestyle….isn’t that what today’s buyer wants? Important upgrades include; hurricane windows and doors including the garage door, newer tile roof, overhead plumbing re-piped, top of the line 2014 stainless appliances, solid wood kitchen cabinets with exotic quartzite granite countertops, remodeled bathrooms, A/C replaced with new ductwork in 2012, new tile and wood flooring, a working well with sprinkler system, reinforced seawall cap, dock with maintenance-free trex, and newer boat lift. All the major work done-move right in and start to enjoy boating, fabulous views and the relaxed Florida lifestyle. Please view the tour to appreciate the expansive views and the stylish interior.
Walmart Photo Promo Codes and get updates whenever a new Walmart Photo promo code is number of different things including coupon code, discount
Save with 47 Walmart coupon codes electronics, video games, Target Optical and Photo, sporting present the exclusive coupon code from
Verified Walgreens Photo Coupon Code 4x6 Prints. Don't forget about almost constantly running Walgreens photo coupon code 4x6 prints and 5x7. Walmart; Coupon
Our latest deals on bestselling photo products like photo blankets, photo books, photo canvases, and more. Perfect photo gifts.
We offer only the latest Walmart Photo coupons for 15% off savings, plus check 100% genuine coupon codes, exclusive deals, special offers and more!
61% Off 5x7 Christmas Flat Photo Card How to Redeem a Coupon Code at Snapfish. Walmart Photo Coupons.
Walmart Photo: Rollbacks on cards 5x7 card stock Enjoy the up-to-date Walmart Photo coupon code and deals for instant discounts when you shop at photos3
Create prints, personalize photo cards & invitations. Find custom photo gifts for family and friends at Walmart Photo.
Looking for New Sam's Club Photo promo codes & coupons? Shop Sam's Club Photo and use this coupon code to enjoy amazing savings!
Shop CVS Photo for amazing discounts, 25% off Photo gifts Promo Code: SUMMERGIFT ; Calendars. 5x7 Premium Cards with FREE upgrade to rounded corners,
Today's top Walgreens Photo Coupon: Up to 60% Off Photo Orders. See 40 Walgreens Photo Coupon and Coupon Code for June 2018
Heading towards warmer and higher. Temperatures. Yes for most here a long weekend to celebrate a queen’s birthday. Not the current queen of our country, who lives across the pond, but of her a few great in there now, grandmothers several generations ago. Here in modern times, we celebrate by and it is the time of year to open the cottage, start the lawnmower, after putting the snow blower away. First having spent a great deal of time, getting the lawn going. The weekend usually starts with an early start sometime on Friday and goes all the way to the second T day of the week.
Had a guest here all week, he is a pleasant sort. By staying an extra day, he saved himself (or his company I suspect) $800, a princely sum. Now this is a convention of sales people and one assumes that he was up and at it last night, entertaining. I never did find out why he was very late for breakfast. He jumped out of bed, pet Lucy, and just raced out of the door without even a coffee. The French toast left on the grill.
I took an antihistamine, as they had gotten out of hand. WHAT !! WHAT, my dear and gentle readers ask, my annual spring hives, neck looks like a watermelon patch. itchy and red but not looking like my most glamorous self
Spreading this year across upper areas, that shall remain nameless, and ending on my hands. You get the imagine. Several of you will know that is exceptional, taking drugs, and this is after having had one Advil for my back. It was time, to get going again. Hives in hand we went off to boot camp.
I have to say the park was very crowded. There were assembly’s of soccer kids in uniform and lots of them. We were, having I am happy to say a very easy workout as all the hills, stairs, and ramps, were in use,. Youngsters, all of them tall and slim, in matching shirts and pair of shorts, hurtling up and down and round the lake. We did not run at all, and it seems barely moved from one place to another. Arms and legs something like old people we are. We used rubber bands, sliding sideways, with them and then using them to pump up or back, the two arms I have. We have a visitor of late, a young sheltie comes with a colleague. HE was so excited to be a part of the old-timers he peed on the instructors yoga mat in anticipation of tidbits to come to reinforce his good behavior . Lucy you might remember went thru 6 pounds of cookies a week when she first got here, 11 years ago.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. Joseph Campbell Lucy and Moi
Have you ever known a gardener that just never seems to have a successful crop of anything? Ask them what they plant and...
Organic garden fertilizers consist of decomposed plant and animal compounds that are broken down by microbes into a form...
Spring means that the garden centers are packed with people, and car trunks are packed with plants...
Ninety-five percent of the structure of the plant is composed of water. Almost all of the processes of the plant involves water, and this is why watering is one of the more important aspects of effective gardening for your vegetables’ organic garden. Together with light and carbon dioxide, water helps accelerate the necessary processes needed in effective care of your plants.
With vegetables, you cannot afford to go wrong since this will provide nourishment to both animals and humans alike. Water also acts a supplementary source aside from rainfall.
An irrigation system is necessary to provide the required amount of water in your garden. The natural sources of water, namely, precipitation and underground water systems, are not often sufficient for the plants. Most of the time, human intervention is required to ensure that the plants will reach their maximum potential. The frequency of your watering is proportional to the average amount of rainfall that falls on the area under which your garden lies.
The type of soil also affects the quality of plants’ water retention. The soils made of clay are usually lauded for its excellent ability to hold water in, but sometimes it goes overboard, so caution is required. Sandy sieves require more assistance as they tend to slide off the water being placed on it. The addition of organic matter such as a composting mix also helps improve the ability to hold water.
There are also other external factors affecting the nature of watering in your garden. During cold weather, the plants can easily drown in water and wilt. On the other hand, the plants require more water when there is a surplus of sunlight or humidity levels. The factors of wind and air movement can also move the water from the plants. Also, the type of plant can affect the capacity to hold water. More mature plants may find it more difficult to retain water than the younger counterparts.
When watering the plants, make sure that you are able to soak the soil thoroughly before doing anything else. Another thing to consider is observing the plants at different times of day. Usually, plants look more wilted at night time, but this is natural and won’t usually require excessive watering. The balance is usually obtained the following day. But if you see the plant wilted during daytime, it is best to soak it with water to avoid it from wilting completely.
Often, vegetables picked from well-watered plants last longer than their less watered counterparts. Unless you are growing a cactus, water need not be used sparingly. There are various ways to water your plants: by a sprinkler that is manually controlled or automated, by hose or other means. Often, the sprinkler is the most popular form of watering tool. Proper scheduling of the frequency of your water sprinklers’ operations will also ensure that your plants will be consistently watered at different times of day.
It is also recommended that uniform distribution of water be maintained in order to ensure that all the plants in your organic garden are well-cared for. Despite the need for frequent watering, also bear in mind that there is also a need to conserve water, so make sure that there are no leaks whatsoever beyond what your organic garden needs.
Last night I was looking at dad's blog and I was reading about "Gotcha Day." I started to cry just thinking about our first time together and riding up the elevator with her before we were supposed to, she is just a blessing to me!
Bug's Cross Country season is swiftly coming to it's close, but we still have those big meets looming ahead (Regionals and State). Here's a brief re-cap of the season. Wish us luck at Region!
Following the directions the Lord gives, the Brown family has moved from our beloved North Florida to a D.C. suburb in Maryland for the 2011-2012 school year while Dad attends the Sovereign Grace Ministries Pastor's College. Though we miss home and heartland, we wait in excited anticipation for all that God will do in the next year! Soli Deo Gloria!
We are a Dad, a Mom, and four girls, seeking to lead lives that honor Christ and serve His Church. This site serves as our family record of daily life and significant moments.
This blog was originally started to chronicle our family's story of adoption. If you are looking for posts concerning that season, start from the beginning in May 2007, just one short daybefore receiving our referral for Emmy Xiang. Our journey to China ended in December 2007, but of course, the process did not end there. In the following months, we continued to learn as we eased into a new lifestyle. Enjoy one family's perspective on a radically beautiful miracle: adoption.
Note: This is not to be used to contact The Playbar Corporate Offices nor is this site affiliated with them in any way. The purpose of this site is supply you with their phone number and address as well as share your thoughts about The Playbar. Your review will be posted and available for anyone to read so please keep that in mind when posting personal information.
When I'm with you, eternity is a step away, my love continues to grow, with each passing day. This treasure of love, I cherish within my soul, how much I love you... you'll never really know. You bring a joy to my heart, I've never felt before, with each touch of your hand, I love you more and more. Whenever we say goodbye, whenever we part, know I hold you dearly, deep inside my heart. So these seven words, I pray you hold true, "Forever And Always, I Will Love You."
I just want to say Thank You to all who helped me level to Prophet this week!! I tried to return as much Love as I could but it was really hard to keep up. In the 2 days I had Auto 11's on I had almost 90,000 photo rates!!! That was simply AMAZING!! You all showed me so much love it was impossible to return it all!! If I didn't make it to your page do NOT think it wasn't appreciated!! I trully appreciate each and every pic rate, whether you rated 100's or just a few. It ALL helped!! And not to mention all the bling!!! Which you didn't have to do!! (You know who you are!!) If I did miss you and you would like me to return the love, just message me and let me know!! I will glady come return the favor!! And even tho, I don't wanna mention every name, There is one I have to mention!! I'm sure ya know who I'm talking about... Jamie Lynn, My Princess!!! I could not have done it without her!! She worked her ass off making me bullys and getting everyone to repost it among lots of o
Life is truly stranger than fiction, but sometimes what I see and hear that you can believe to be a lie might actually be true or at least have some truth to it! I've seen it so much, especially online, how people can truly be! They may act a certain way towards you, but then you can go check them out or check their friends (who may also be friends with you) and get a completely different story. I am seeing this more and more in my life and I question, "Who's being real on here, who's playing a game and who's playing me for a sucker?" Why should I care? I mean if people really do care about you the way that they say they do, don't you think there would be a devotion to that relationship, no matter what form it takes? Furthermore, it's the internet...it isn't real, so why does it bother me if people are not being real in an environment that isn't real? Then there's the issue of why people say they wanna be with you, but they tell this to several other people as well! Other
Well I called the lady that sets up the surgery and called my attorney. As soon as they get the approval they will call me to let me know when the surgery will take place. I will update as soon as I know.
Ok, so its a day late, sue me lmao. I've been spending a lot of time on Deviant Art and am trying to get back into the swing of things here on the fu. And yes, I do intend to renew my VIP once I get the money. Work is going real slow; not only have my hours been cut, but today was the second day I've been sent home early. Which I guess was a good thing, since I was getting bad vibes as soon as I walked in this morning. I have missed the friends I made on here and do apologize if any of ya'll feel ignored...you know how it goes when you find something new, you play with it until you get bored. Art never bores me, so forcing myself to get off of the deviant art site for even a short time is a hard thing to do--especially since I've discovered the wonderful digital medium and all that can be done with it besides making tags. Eventually, I will start making them and either put them on a website or upload them to my photobucket account so they can be used by everyone. As fa
This day I will marry my friend, the one I laugh with, live for, dream with, love A happy marriage perhaps represents the ideal of human relationship -- a setting in which each partner, while acknowledging the need of the other, feels free to be what he or she by nature is: a relationship in which instinct as well as intellect can find expression; in which giving and taking are equal; in which each accepts the other, and I confronts Thou. Like everything which is not the involuntary result of fleeting emotion but the creation of time and will, any marriage, happy or unhappy, is infinitely more interesting than any romance, however passionate. There is a rhythm to the ending of a marriage just like the rhythm of a courtship --only backward. You try to start again but get into blaming over and over. Finally you are both worn out, exhausted, hopeless. Then lawyers are called in to pick clean the corpses. The death has occurred much earlier. Marriage is that relation between ma
When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams. Women wish to be loved not because they are pretty, or good, or well bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves. If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go. You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly. To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world. The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. Love is a temporary madness. It erupts like an earthquake and then subsides. And when it subsides you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have become so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion. That is just bei
Today is the day of the birth of the best man in the whole world. My daddy. He is like 54 or something. My parents are off and about. 2 more years and they will have been together for 40 years. Yep and happy too. Damn and I wonder why my love life is so fucked up. Never gonna find a man as good as my daddy. By the way I am researching all day again. I was at the library last night until 7 and then prolly again tonight. I am going there right now. Just wanted to tell y'all where I was going.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me; and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
Share with your sisters, daughters, nieces, mothers, and female friends. This Incident has been confirmed. In Katy , TX A man came over and offered his services as a painter to a female putting gas in her car and left his card. She said no,but accepted his card out of kindness and got in the car. The man then got into a car driven by another gentleman. As the lady left the service station, she saw the men following her out of the station at the same time. Almost immediately, she started to feel dizzy and could not catch her breath. She tried to open the window and realized that the odor was on her hand; the same hand which accepted the card from the gentleman at the gas station. She then noticed the men were immediately behind her and she felt she needed to do something at that moment. She drove into the first driveway and began to honk her horn repeatedly to ask for help. The men drove away but the lady still felt pretty bad for several minutes afte
Just one rate is all I need! Click this pic and rate it a 10 or 11! No Comment Bombing required! Pass it on and make this happen for me. I'll be ever so grateful. MUAH MUAH!
New Rule: For all you fubarians and myspacers; make a smaller profile. Stop putting all the add-ons like music videos in the About Me sections. About Me should tell who you are. For Christ's sake people, these huge ass profiles are taking up 4 gazillion megabytes of my hard drive and making my computer jump off the desk and give me the finger as it strides out the front door. I mean, come on...15 minutes on DSL to load a page just so we can see if they're gonna show the oobies!
Since none of my friends will whore me out I guess I have to do it... Listen up I am hosting an awesome auction Ad I have been pimpin every1 out But not pimpin myself out But time is running out So I am going to be a fu-whore and pimp myself I am adding a few new things Highest bidder will also get a NSFW Salute from me atleast 1/3 of a bling packs if offered and more if bid goes high enough
one minute happy, next minute sad who really knows before I'm flaming mad any little thing can cause a big spark leaving one or all sitting in the dark!
I only have two friends on here, sooooo, you two know whats going on with me I think lol. Its been about 6 months since I even logged on to fubar, I was surprised to see that I still had an acct. I don't work for NW Airlines anymore, but I do work for Avis / Budget Rent a car, just washing cars, only real perk about that is, it doesn't matter if its a pt cruiser or a H3 I get it for 20.00 a day. not bad. I guess thats really it. Ttys
Well, it's started.... she's doing it again. I'm getting tired of having to defend myself againest her and everyone eles. I see alot more than she and the others think I do. She and one other are TRYING to get me and Dewitt apart, but he even said that it won't work. I know he loves me, and he knows I love him. So why are they trying so hard when they are the same way with their men. Just because, Dewitt and I can talk everything out insted of fighting about it or yelling. Yes at times Dewitt walks away to cool off, but he always comes back to talk it out. Dewitt and I don't even have to HIT each other to tell the other that we love one another. Sure we play around, but I don't leave broses on him and he doesn't leave them on me. I just hate how they act around me and him. They act as if they can't stand Dewitt and myself being together, but it's not their choose for us to be together or not, it's ours. He as even said "i lost you once before I won't lose you again" to me! So why do yo
Hello, First time here. I just want to say Hello to all who happen to stop by, view this. The name is Gerard West. Bassist and Back up Vocals of Chained Romance. We kicked into gear last night, working on a few songs for our album "The Cold War". Things went good for the most, but recently the lead singer was involved in an altercation which led to the police getting involved. But he was let off the hook. He is a smooth talker. All goes well and end well I suppose. But I will be posting in my blog daily if I can. If not, expect one soon.
hey all i been gone for quiet some time i moved and just now got net back today.things have been crazy but i amn gonna be sending everyone love soon hope all is well with everyone
Actually do The results you achieve are not based on what you plan to do or what you say you'll do. Your results come from what you actually do. The rationalizations and excuses you make will not add any value or quality to your life. Your actions are what truly make a difference. To get where you wish to go requires more than just talking about it. To get where you wish to go requires focused, sustained effort. And the great thing is, you're perfectly capable of making whatever effort is necessary. You must simply choose to actually do it. No one can reach real fulfillment on your behalf. The life you experience is the life you create for yourself. There are so many possibilities to choose from, and so many opportunities to make life great through the actions you take. Now is the moment to actually do it. -- Ralph Marston
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. --Matt 6:34 To worry about something ahead of time is a waste of time and energy that could be better spent on living a full life today. For instance, if we spend hours today worrying about an important test at school tomorrow, we can't very well concentrate on studying. And if we lie awake tonight agonizing over what we don't know or haven't studied, we're going to be exhausted tomorrow when we take the test. Wouldn't it be much better to focus on doing all we can today to prepare for the test, and then, knowing we've done our best, let go of it tonight and get a good night's sleep? In fact, if we do that every day of the year, when a big test comes along, we'll know we're as ready as we can be, and won't have a thing to worry about. What a relief it is to know we've done our best today and every day. What can I do well today so I won't worry about it tomorrow?
AWWWWWWWW. He told me there isn't enough words to describe how he feels about me, so I told him to draw it. He said he can't draw. So I told him just make a couple of scribbles with an arrow pointing to them saying, "This is how much I like you." He said there isn't enough paper in the world. AWWWWWWWWWWWWW.
syndy Done (9/27/2008 6:49:27 PM): joe you need to know one thing i never thought you and i could have something i was not really sure if thats what you looked like or if you really did care cause of some of the things you did im sorry you will always have a place in my heart i still love you that never went away syndy Done (10/15/2008 11:41:48 PM): im deleting you off here go be a fake to someone else im not doing this you have really no idea what you did to me you would not talk to me go be BFFs with my aunt for all i care if you cared you would have atleast tried but you didnt
A college Professor was doing a study testing the senses of 1st graders,using a bowl of lifesavers. He gave all the children the same kind of lifesavers,one at a time,and asked them to identify them by color anf flavor. The children began to say: "Red........Cherry, "Yellow......Lemon, "Green......Lime, "Orange.....Orange." Finally,the Professor gave them all honey lifesavers. After eating them for a few moments,none of the children could identify the taste. "Well," he said,"I'll give you all a clue; it's what your mother may sometimes call your daddy." One little girl looked up in horror,spit hers out and yelled: "Oh my God.!!!!!!!!....They're Assholes.!!!!!." ENJOY.....HUGS TO YA..
Recently something has been getting on my nerves, the fact that people hear that I am in the National Guard and they say the National Guard don't do nothing. Well the fact is the National Guard does alot, more than people realize. So I am going to share what we guardsmen and guardswomen do. We responde to state emergencies, we deploy world wide to places such as Bosnia, Kosovo, Iraq and Afghanistan. We are regular people who at a moments notice have to go from our familys to be activated. Also not to many people know that alot of the invadeing forces into Afghanistan and Iraq were National Guard. So when someone says they are in the National Guard just remember they do alot more than you think.
This Is Your Girl Thickness85 aka Diamond Girl. So,This is my First Auction..I have 2 Amazing Friends on My Auction the reason i only have 2 of my friend on my Auction is because they both came to me...But believe me when i tell you they are both Amazing People,Who wouldnt want to own them... One Jaded Heart-She Offer's 1 SFW Salute-Daily Comments and Gift/Ratings and The Winners Fu Name on Her's for 1 Month...Bid Starts at 1 Bling Pack... P.S.-One Jaded Heart is having a HH 2night,Show Her Love,n Bid on Her.. Flanman-He Offers 1 SFW Salute/Daily Sh*t Faced/2 Gifts a Day/Daily Comments n Ratings...Bid Starts of with 500k.. P.S Flanman is my Fu-Owner.Trust me He is The Sweetest does whatever he can 2 Make You Smile..Bid on Him... Thanks 4 Your Time; Much Love.Thickness85 ~Muah~
8 WORDS WOMEN USE (1) FINE: This is the word women use to end an argument when they are right and you need to shut up. (2) FIVE MINUTES: If she is getting dressed, this means a half an hour. Five minutes is only five minutes if you have just been given five more minutes to watch the game before helping around the house. (3) NOTHING: This is the calm before the storm. This means something, and you should be on your toes. Arguments that begin with nothing usually end in fine. (4) GO AHEAD: This is a dare, not permission. Don't Do It! (5) LOUD SIGH: This is actually a word, but is a non-verbal statement often misunderstood by men. A loud sigh means she thinks you are an idiot and wonders why she is wasting her time standing here and arguing with you about nothing. (Refer back to # 3 for the meaning of nothing.) (6) THAT'S OK: This is one of the most dangerous statements a women can make to a man. That's okay means she wants to think long and hard before deciding how and
This girl is one of the Sweetest on Fu and is constantly helping her friends meet their Fu goals! })i({ HER ✌ WORLD })i({ ® ღ* ஐ*ღ FuAngels Co-Captain Team 3 ღ* ஐ@ fubar She makes bulletins, pimps them out, helps them in contests, holds contests and auctions with great prizes, and busts her butt making morphs and tags for people. She is trying to level and I want her to have an Auto 11's Bling but can't afford one by myself. So.....will you help me and I'll make sure you are rewarded? I can get a lil bling pack. Which would get me 10 credits. But, would need people to either send me 2 more lil bling packs or 1 $20 bling pack. Then I can send her the Auto 11's Bling myself. OR, if you have the credits you can send it to her directly! I have fubucks galore so I can send you some fubucks as a reward, pimp ya out, rate the crap outta your page, and of course make sure everyone knows how selfless you were! She is Sweet, Funny, Se
I don't know what it is with this song,but I LOVE it!! I never thought she'd come back from being crazy,but I believe everyone deserves a second chance. I have the video in my stash if you wanna check that out too! Superstar Where you from, how's it going? I know you Gotta clue, what you're doing? You can play brand new to all the other chicks out here But I know what you are, what you are, baby Look at you Gettin' more than just a re-up Baby, you Got all the puppets with their strings up Fakin' like a good one, but I call 'em like I see 'em I know what you are, what you are, baby Womanizer Woman-Womanizer Your a womanizer oh womanizer oh your a womanizer baby (You, you you ah you you you ah) Womanizer womanizer womanizer Boy, don't try to front I know just what you are (x2) You got me going You're oh so charming But I can't do it You Womanizer Boy, don't try to front I know just what you are (x2) You say I'm crazy I got your crazy Your nothing but
Just so I can tear my book up! Thwack. Anton Deck was just not quick enough and the stone landed on him. Fortunately it landed in such a way that he was in a hole in the stone. Later, he could not figure out how long he had been there but he felt hungry and decided that something had to be done to feed the inner ant. With a little thought he wriggled the length of his body and discovered that there was quite a gully covering him. This was indeed a gift of the *. After what seemed a lengthy struggle he emerged back into daylight and the breeze blew across him blowing his antenae in a fierce manner which seemed strange because it was only a vespre. His eyes began to water as he extracted the tail end of his body from his former prison. He stood for a few moments, blinging mainly because of the dirt in his eyes and he rubbed them with great * to remove the grit. At that moment his partner rounded the rock and said, "Ah, there you are. You, have been gone ages and I was beginn
Of all the people you know Do you love them truly? Really so, in joy and sorrow How much of you can they see? Love is but a loose word To define all matters of sin An ancient hall of records Written by those who win Yet poet and singer praised it Lost in its hypnotic stare No one will ever admit Loosing their soul to be aware And in the depth of time Resides the truth about love A sublime word, truly a crime Shinning from below, from above So there is one love so forbidden None can truly say it exists To know it is your burden Are you able to resist? ------------------------------------------------- When love is an affliction, There's not much one can do. Despite the way you've treated me, I'm still in love with you. I am the wave and you the rock Against which I must break: Again, again the crushing jolt, The pain I can't forsake; Again, again the long retreat To safety, far from shore, And then again, I don't know why, The long trip b
Can you all come help him out he has 12k to go till level 22...... Here's his pic link to his page.Show him alot of fu-love please. LT_39 cow boy up@ fubar
Sometimes I wonder why people do the things they do. I wonder how people can be so cold when the world under you in crashing down. I mean come on people have a little respect. Messing with the emotions of people is not a game. To lie is to be fake! If you're not real with yourself you can't be real with other. It's a big world and if someone feels trapped... they are in way to deep. Living only an online life is a waste of time. Get out there. Mold yourself into the person you want to be and stop talking yourself up. Talk is cheap. Actions speak louder than words. peace out! BTW made this blog about a friend who was fucked over!
Do you ever still think of me? I can't get you out of my head. I know i should just get you out of my head and move on but i just can't.
Do you want to own me? Do you want me as your slave for a month Do you want me to rate all your pics 11's Do you want me to make you a NSFW Salute? Then COME BID ON ME Diana has put me up for auction So come and take advantage of me I promise you, you will be happy
hey everybody iam back on fubaryou may be say back what do you mean by back Bruce well more pc problems occuredfor me this time it was the modem playing up on me and i hadn't been on fubar for 2 weeks Sydney Australia timeand igot a new modem and as of 16/10/08 or 1016/08 date in both usa and australian ways i am back on the internetand i wasn't purposely ignoring anyone on fubar just bad luck my end that's all it was until my next blog from Bruce.
Little Leroy came into the kitchen where his mother was making Dinner. His birthday was coming up and he thought this was a Good time to tell his mother what he wanted. "Mom, I want a Bike for my birthday." Little Leroy was a bit of a troublemaker. He had gotten into Trouble at school and at home. Leroy's mother asked him if he Thought he deserved to get a bike for his birthday. Little Leroy, of course, thought he did. Leroy's mother, being a Christian woman, wanted Leroy to reflect on his behavior over The last year. "Go to your room, Leroy, and think about how you have behaved This year. Then write a letter to God and tell him why you Deserve a bike for your birthday." Little Leroy stomped up the steps to his room and sat down to Write God a letter. Letter 1 Dear God: I have been a very good boy this year and I would like a bike For my birthday. I want a red one. Your friend, Leroy Lero
'Success is not final. Failure is not fatal. It's the courage to continue that counts.'- Sir Winston Churchill
> > Do you want to be blamed for the egg gas? Do you want it to be your fault that people cant breath? Well then get your butt over to Diana's Trick or Treak auction DO IT NOW And no one will be hurt I promise you, you will be happy > PS I want a PONY >
=== 'stormwoman~ Wolves of Wiccan Leveler~owned by anna' wrote the following at '2008-10-15 18:16:09'.. WELCOME TO THE FRAGGLE ROCK TRAIN ALL ABOARD FOR SOME FUN ENJOY THE VIDEO welcome to fraggle rock where u can wash all ur cares away all u gotta do to join is rate/fan/add & comment all thats on list and rate pics dont worry theres only 30 start w/ this 1 and comment last 1 to be added private message me broken lass Broken ~ Lass@ fubar when done to be added and get ur tag members of the train 1) dj@ fubar 2) stormwoman
I give up. For about two months, all of a sudden nobody really wants to talk to me anymore. The strangest thing was the 3 people I was closest to (online) all just stopped talking to me at the same time. Only one of them as given me any kind of reason, the other two won't respond to emails or anything :( I don't even know what I did. It really sucks when people say such wonderful things about you, and then one day you're just a stranger to them. They act like they really care about you and then they treat you like we're back in Junior High and you're not cool enough for them to even say one word to you. I mean wow......I think if I dropped off of the face of the planet right now, nobody would even notice. These days I am so lonely. I've totally given up on EVER having a girlfriend again. How in the hell is it possible anymore? Women always have their pick of the litter and there is always going to be someone they want more then me. Couple that with my self respect of
Fubar is constantly raising prices and lowering the value of what you get around here. I went ahead and canceled my VIP renewal and the 3 bling I plan on giving away today will be the last of my money spending on Fu. The only time I will spend money here will be to buy a VIP just long enough to add pics and cancel it again... if I don't just send people over to my MYSPACE page to see them. (For those interested: www.myspace.com/yakuza850 ) So here is my farewell salute to giving this place my money!
> Read this question, come up with an answer, and then scroll down to the > bottom for the result. This is not a trick question. It is as it reads. > > No one I know has been right. > > A woman, while at the funeral of her own mother, met a guy whom she did > not know. She thought this guy was amazing. She believed him to be her > dream guy so much, that she fell in love with him right there, but never > asked for his number and could not find him. A few days later she killed > her sister. > > Question: What is her motive for killing her sister? > > [Give this some thought before you answer, see answer below ) > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > Answer: > > She was hoping the guy would appear at the funeral again. If you answered > this correctly, you think like a psychopath. This was a test by a famous > American Psychologist used to test if one has the same mentality as a > killer > > > Many arrested serial killers took part in the test and answere
So here I am at home .. And guess what I come home to find not only does that fact that this is my apartment and what I say Goes .. It goes right out the fucking window .. I am so fucking tired .. Tired of everyone being fucking happy … as I sit here knowing what will make me happy .. But yet getting what makes me happy seems almost impossible right now . I love my guys .. I really do .. But right now I just wish someone was here to make me happy .. I have not felt it in so long .. Now that I have had it again .. Even if it was just that 5 min ..here I go searching for it again .. Here we go that crack head searching for that 5 min .. Why is it that everyone around me can find this 5 min …but yet their’s lasts for more than 5 min . I get that weekend .. Or that phone call and then just like that it is gone again .. I am not trying to be a bitch .. But can’t some people see that …. Where the fuck were they on my birthday .. They were not here .. I get that I am just a friend .. But I
I have been working my ass off trying to get Spotlight! Click on the pic above to help me out and donate some fu bucks. I will do whatever it takes to make the Spotlight before my birthday and before I can't anymore. Please Re-Post! !~*Shawty Ur Next Wet Dream, PLAYMATE @ FORBIDDEN INC*~! ALEX [*OWNER OF THE LOVE SHACK*]@ fubar
The upbringing of children is the main responsibility of the parent. But the rest of the world does have a large influence on them and it changes at the different ages of the child. The biggest problem is that the parent is trying to wean their child and the world is trying to absorb them. So if the foundation isn't strong and the child isn't strong, the world can erase much of the child's proper upbringing. Sadly, due to a child's own personal makeup, they have their own destiny programmed into them and sometimes proper parenting and good worldly lessons still aren't enough and the child goes bad. Sadly, due to a child's own personal makeup, they have their own destiny programmed into them and sometimes proper parenting and good worldly lessons still aren't enough and the child goes bad. (I think that is when the devil has somehow worked on and taken control of that child) So, when it comes to schooling, thats just another wing of training up a child. All children are different,
I have been noticing that some of you are entering contests and auctions, and posting bully's about it but no one has sent me a shout to let me know or even ask me for help. Come on people thats what your groups are here for. We are not a bomber or leveling group, but will provide assistance in helping our members achieve its goals. Next time any member is in a contest or auction please send me a private message telling me about the contest and the link to the picture that you are using for the contest. In return I will post a blog to the group asking for them to give some help. Remember members, we are not a bombing or leveling group, but each of you enter contests and auctions and need help from time to time. The back you scratch will in return scratch yours, meaning Help your fellow members so that when you need help they will be more willing to return the favor. Thanks, Bisexcee ~Owner
Several weeks ago there was a flurry of activity here on SIF about the King of Real Estate. Price is King! No, presentation is King! No, price and presentation don't matter if it's in poor condition, condition is King! It occurred to me that when you look at the whole picture, everyone is right. There are three key steps along the way to the successful sale of our client's properties. At the point in time that an agent and home owner agree on the list price, Price is definitely king. If the price range is in line with the comps then you're on your way to a successful sale. Next, when a property presentation specialist (Stager) and an inspector advises the home owner of any and all condition issues that must be addressed and action is taken by the owner, at that point Condition is King. Then when the home owner or agent has the home staged to increase the marketability of that home, Property presentation or Staging is at that point the King. So it would appear to me that
I heard a story once about an eagle's egg that had got lost or abandoned and was found by chickens. When the eagle hatched, it was loved and cared for by the chickens, brought up to act and behave as if it was a chicken. It knew nothing else… Until one day, the eagle was with his brothers and sisters pecking at the ground, like a chicken, when something made him look up to the sky. High above he saw a majestic sight, a beautiful bird soaring gracefully. Something was stirred inside him, a remembrance, recognition of 'home'… He asked the chickens, "What is that beautiful bird up there?" The chickens looked up. "Oh that," they said, "that's an eagle, king of the birds. But forget about him, you are one of us, you are a chicken…." I don't know how the story ended and, to me, it is not a case of an eagle being superior to a chicken…just different. The same story has been told about a duck's egg and one day the duck arrives at a great lake just swims, "because he can" --- "it's natural"
He was taught by his mother from an early age to always ask: "What is the right thing to do, and what is the smart thing to do?" when facing a difficult situation. A senior man today, he has all the reason to celebrate women of the world. On another end is a mother, a woman who has successfully molded her family, giving her children all the love and support they ever needed to achieve their goals in life; in the process bringing up a famous sports personality. She too celebrates women of the world. In between are young women and men who have been given an opportunity by their parents and society to live and excel in their endeavors; they are shaping their futures now, with confidence, strength and hope. They are clear that without grandmothers, mothers and sisters of the world, there is no future. http://www.socyberty.com/Holidays/Celebrating-Women.101825
I have chaos in my life but I hold it in my hand but some slips like grains of dry sand between my fingertips the more I try to control the chaos or try to maneuver my control by gripping tighter the more it seems to elude my grasp. Some day I will have the courage to open my fist and see what happens. I know.. but don’t that it will dance like a flame in my open palm to wonder and amaze but that time is yet to come I have not the wisdom to realize the consequences of my actions... That day will come and with it I will fly in this world.., once more As I open so shall chaos be drawn in to fill the void? I like lamas although they do tend to spit if it is in their minds to do so lol. as do Yaks that I had the honor to share a hut with in Tibet I was searching and working although not at the same time but in the same local... Another story all together lol Life brings us what we want and also puts what we don’t in our path to see if we will evolve or be relegated to the primal
Think about your significant other. Are they really the one you would want holding your hand during the darkest hours of your life? Look even deeper. Is your present boy/girlfriend the type who would offer you assistance during the time of grief? Unbelievably, there are numerous men (women) out here who offer absolutely NO comfort to hurting women (men). And no, it does not matter whether they are married to those women (men) or not! I wish you could see some of the personal letters that pastors and men of God receive from married people. Yes, some of them are happy, praise God! However, the ones who are not happy are miserable. There are no in between. Either you are happy in a marriage or you are not. There are married women (men) writing saying their husbands (wives) never show authentic affection towards them, never offer expressions of love for them. That is real. Since it is so real, God desires that women (men) are exceptionally careful when choosing a mate. Notice I did not
she stands in the door way..watching the sunset..thinking of the moment he arrives. not knowing what to expect when she finally sees him for the first time in many months. the passion she has felt since she had seen him off that cold november rainy day in 2002.since he has been gone she has done nothing but drive herself wild about their home adventures.all the nice games they would play.just as she was beginning to imagine she saw a car pull up in the drive .She jumps slightly and then calmly and smoothly walks to the door to greet heer love.As he opens the door she is standing there with nothing but the neckalace he had boughten her for their 1st annaversarie. he looks at her and a smal grin forms on his lips.He drops his bags on the floor and kicks the door shut.then grabs her into his arms.kissing her deeply and smeling ht scent of her skin.then he grabs her hand and pulls her to the kitchen.looking deep into her eyes he smiles and whispers "i love you and now you are getting fu
I gave you my heart. It was yours for the taking. You were my everything but now I feel my heart breaking. You kissed someone else and ripped my heart in two. Now I sit crying not knowing what to do. You told her I was just some girl with a thing for you. I can’t believe you would say that when you know that’s not true. You told her you haven‘t had sex then what did we do? Right here in my bed I made love with you. What other secrets are you keeping from me? Does it mean nothing to you that you hold my hearts key? Am I not what you wanted or is it just shame? Tell me the truth. Am I the one to blame? Did I love you too much or do you feel my loves just not true? I’m begging for answers. I wish I had a clue. I just know I’m heart broken yet still in love with you.
I have decided to try to help people out who have computer problems or questions, so post them up here or message me and I will try to help out if I can. :)
If I ever go to war Mom, Please don’t be afraid. There are some things I must do, To keep the promise that I made. I’m sure there will be some heartache, And I know that you’ll cry tears, But your son is a Soldier now, Mom, There is nothing you should fear. If I ever go to war Dad, I know that you’ll be strong. But you won’t have to worry, Cause you taught me right from wrong. You kept me firmly on the ground, yet still taught me how to fly. Your son is a Soldier now Dad, I love you Hooah, Even if I die. If I ever go to war Bro, There are some things I want to say. You’ve always had my back, and I know it’s my time to repay. You’ll always be my daybreak, through all of life’s dark clouds, Your brother is a Soldier now, Bro, I promise I’ll make you proud. If I ever go to war Sis, don’t you worry bout me, I always looked out for you, but I can't do that anymore, Cause I'm a big bro to all in America. I love you so much and you know that, Your broth
An old man once had an argument with his only son. He tried to apologize many times but the young man would not listen. The father never gave up because he loved his son with all his heart, but the son would not give in, because he was too blinded by his pride. Years passed and as the man lay in his deathbed, he made a final attempt to reconcile with his son, but still he would not listen and so the father died with a heart full of grief. During this time the son too had a child who had now grown up into a young adult. To this child he never mentioned his father and when the young man asked about his grandfather he would tell him never to mention him again. One day, they too were both involved in a hot argument and his son fled away as his father did many years before. The man was extremely saddened and this time he had no pride, but felt completely isolated. He was afraid that he had lost his son forever and for the first time after many years he turned to God in prayer. A
WORDS CAN CUT JUST LIKE A KNIFE I'm so hurt by something he told me last night. Even though he told me he is sorry and held me tight the scar will still be there from the hurtful words he told me last night. I've done things in my life that wasn't right. Everyone messes up sometimes, no one is perfect. But the words he said to me last night, I wish I'd never heard it. Words cut like a knife. Even though I was told, "I'm sorry" the scar takes time to heal. Sometimes through my poems , I can better exsplain how I feel. The love I feel for him is still there and it's real. I guess it'll just take time to heal. Words can cut just like a knife. Wish I didn't ever again have to feel hurt in any point of my life. Praying to God that the one I'm with is Mr. Right. Sometimes when ur in love, u can be blinded by the light. I love him very much, but the words he said to me last night, cut me deep in my heart, just like a knife. And the scar it
It amazes me how when you are asked to do something at work it is to be done yesteday. They want it to miraculously appear in their hands the second that they ask you to do it BUT when it comes to getting things done for you, that is another story. There are 50 million things that are more important than taking care of your issues. I have to complain about this simply because today is my 20th day of unpaid suspension. I have heard nothing about what they are going to do to me. I have emailed and called and still no answers. I am not saying that I am the most important thing on the agenda because I realize that I am not but in those 20 days, I think that I may have moved up the pile of "to-do" things. Of course, not only am I just a cog in the wheel but I am also a state employee so that just makes it worse. We also don't have contracts so they can pretty much do whatever they want to us. I am beginning to wonder how long they can legally drag this out without giving me some not
Yesterday was OFFICIALLY a day from hell. It was that bad that even sitting here talking about it makes me want to cry. Where to start.... The kids refused to take a nap yesterday so I had them in their room and closed the door and told Lois to quit screaming or mommy would smack her mouth. I went to go to the bathroom and their room got really quiet so I thought MAYBE they went to sleep.... I THOUGHT WRONG!!!!! Sometime the night before their dad cracked their bedroom window because the apartment was hot and Lois, who is almost 3, got the window open more, the screen moved and climbed out on the roof and her brother Nathaniel, 19 months old, followed her!!! So here are my two little babies on a second story roof. A neighbor was out walking and saw them on the roof and got them down and had them in the back yard playing. This all LITERALLY happened in about 3 minutes!!!!! THEN!!!!!! After getting them back inside I went to close the window that they had just climbed out and as it
Trapped in a little corner, In the corner of my mind, I need some way to leave this place, To leave it all behind, You see I let you go too far, You took away my dream, My smile left my face that night, Even though it doesn't seem, You took away my childhood, You made me grow up fast, You may not even understand, That you won't be the last, It has happened to many people, My heart has been broken in two, You won't be there to comfort me, To help me see it through, So I stay here in my corner, As the tears decide to flow, Because I'm trapped here in my corner, But you won't ever know, You won't be able to find my laugh, I'm hiding far away, Don't even try to find me, You wouldn't know what to say.
I wonder what you thinking, If it could ever be me, My hopeless dreams are shrinking, Into nothing they will be, I see you from a distance, I smile in my heart, Because you hold up resistance, We will always be apart, I wonder if you know it, But I dream of you all the time, I wish that I could show it, Through other was but rhyme, I want to tell you to your face, I want to tell the truth, But what I'll say is a disgrace, And if you only knew, I do love you.
Hi Iam John if love Music I would love for you to visit me @ tru3 style radio on the net we have a chat room, Arcade all free to join & Great Music we do request also I D J Live Mon. - Thur. 2pm - 5pm EST / 11am - 2pm PST . So come listen & have fun with me @ www.tru3stylradio.com Hope to see you there. John
Eyes that shine light the stars at night, He holds me close and get rid of my fright, Singing so sweet it just makes me taste, Of wonderful strawberries that I just can't waste, He is sliver that shines and never does fade, Like his love that you just can not shade, His love is comfort, warm and sweet, Like an afternoon breeze, what a tempting treat, Perfect enough to take back home, Everyone will love him for his love doesn't roam, Illuminating smiles and talent galore, Soon enough he will be the one to soar, To bring out the good as the bad washes away, As he is near my love will always stay, With all the joy the makes me whole, Viking Bob, my heart have you stole?
As the alarm is sounding many people run in fear, They really do believe that the end is right here, The flames are getting larger and it's getting really hot, I can't find my parents but alone I am not, Outside this burning building as my parents are in there, I smell the smell of smoke that's drifting through the air, Who is this man that's holding me, I have no idea who he may be, I don't want to leave his warm arms, Away from him and into the world's harm, They pull me away as I drift off to sleep, The picture of him I shall always keep, I see the face of God and remember not to lie, But that is the picture of him... that guy, No I'm not in heaven but God was still there, The night that my parents drifted through the night air.
Can you feel my pain? These icy hot tears, Can you mend my broken heart? That has been butchered throughout the years. I am scared to show emotion, My feelings I like to hide, You can never know me, I keep me locked inside. Locked inside this fearful dungeon, It's dark as dark can be, Please go back, No, Please don't come, Please don't get to know me. How hard is it to listen? To the simple words I say, Please don't let me trust you, I get hurt that way. This is how it all begins, We start out as a friend, Time and time you stab me, We're enemies in the end. I must be such an evil person, Beaten and bruised I lay here and cry, I loved you and I trusted you, You wanted me to die.
Even though I love you, Even though I care, Even though I stand beside you, Even though I'm scared, Many people think I'm stupid, Many things just make me cry, Many hours spent dreaming of you, Many hours I wonder why. I just can't seem to tell you, I just can't comprehend, I just can't think clearly, I just can't let this be the end. Love is a knife that slowly turns, Love is my morning wake, Love is what I don't get from you, Love was my biggest mistake. You're not in love with me at all, You're leaving me today, You're throwing my body into a grave, You're ending my life this way.
Why do I breathe, Why do I try, Why to I give myslef, Until I cry. I am there for you, As a loving friend, But then I'm shoved away, Blown in the dust to end. I think, I give, I try my best, But when it's not good, You can guess the rest. But stupid me I go back, I try over again, But I always get shoved back, It's the same as it has ever been. I cry and I wonder, Why I live here today, Then I think back, And remember and I say. Why do I breathe, Why do I try, Why do I give myself, Until I cry.
Henrietta was sitting under a shady tree whilst reading the Gecko Echo. As she turned the page the tree shed a pod and ‘Thwack’ it hit Henrietta straight between the eyes. She did not read anything into it and held no grudge about the pod shed but she let out a huge sigh which blew the Echo over backwards so it could only be seen and not read. What came into view was something Henrietta had never come across before, mainly because she never finished the Echo to the * There in front of her eyes was not only the bean pod but also the cross word. The visions were enough for much crossing including her eyes and she dropped the paper then shook the bean pod off her face. The newspaper fluttered everywhere as it fell open again and blew as if it was free to *(spread the word). Henrietta took scant notice of this and decided that she had a bean to pick with the tree. Whilst she scrambled up from her sitting upright position, one that was natural to her, Henrietta noticed a huge nook i
You cry, I scream, Torture inside, Of me, Tough me, I scream, For help, You’re at, My door, At night, I see, Your face, Haunts me, Can’t breathe, Help me, I scream, Torture inside, Of me, Tough me, I scream, When you, Touch me, I freeze, Hit me, I scream, You yell, I cry, I die, Don’t cry, I scream, Torture inside, Of me, Tough me, I scream, When you, Hold me, Tell me, You only, Love me, I cry, I know, You’re gone, And then, I cry, You cry, I scream, Torture inside, Of me, Tough me, Can’t breathe, You’re not, Here when, I cry.
Many of you may not realize, The lies that hide behind these eyes, I never tell the truth you make me hold, But you must understand this is getting old. I wanna scream, Get me outta this hell, I know the story, And I'm gonna tell. I see the ring slip of your hand, And you slide in bed with another man, You tell me he will never have to see, But in the end your not lying it's me. I wanna scream, Get me outta this hell, I know the story, And I'm gonna tell. You act like you are hurt within, That dont mean to do these sins, But just tonight you want to fly high, You tell me this is what you do to get by. I wanna scream, Get me out of this hell, I know the story, And I'm gonna tell. I see the way you lie to her face, I love you and it will always be that way, Even though you wont admit it to me, You know in the end where your heart is gonna be. I wanna scream, Get me out of this hell, I promised to keep it, I promised not to tell
so i meet my dream girl smart funny sexi. i mean its love at first sight and you just know it.well she has an open relationship with a girl wich is ok but heres the kicker..the girl is an x who is in love with me...god hates me
Thinking thoughts, Consume my mind, Of lovers lost, And wasted time. Lost all sense, Of what’s good in life, Through all this pain, And all this strife. The times my love, Was put on hold, And mums the word, I was told. I sit in a corner, A corner of my mind, Trying to think, Trying to find. Find a new way, To go on alone, But I sit in the corner, Alone in this home. This haven of safety, This place to seclude, This place I call home, The only place there’s no you. For in my heart, I do find, You branded in, Oh! Then there’s my mind. In my mind, You’re in my thoughts, Of times we loved, Or times we fought. I’ve tried to forget, What went wrong, Tried to forget you, Then I hear our song. I remember the good, But mostly the bad, All that love lost, All the love we had. Now I’m empty, Can’t even cry, I don’t think I’d feel it, Right now if I died. But I’ll go on, With a smile on my face, Like nothing is wrong, My moral
We all came together, Both young and old To fight for our freedom, To stand and be bold In the midst of all evil, We stand our ground , And we protect our country From all terror around Peace and not war, Is what some people say. But I'll give my life, So you can live the American way. I give you the right To talk of your peace. To stand in your groups, and protest in our streets. But still I fight on, I don't bitch, I don't whine. I'm just one of the people Who is doing your time I'm harder than nails, Stronger than any machine. I'm the immortal soldier, I'm a U.S. MARINE! So stand in my shoes, And leave from your home. Fight for the people who hate you, With the protests they've shown. Fight for the stranger, Fight for the young. So they all may have, The greatest freedom you've won Fight for the sick, Fight for the poor Fight for the cripple, Who lives next door. But when your time comes, Do what
You know I try to look at things objectively just about on every story I read. The thought that pops into my head on this is that Canadian officials along with Tampa, Florida police have bigger fish to fry… Tampa, Florida come on!! ? A Palm Harbor man was arrested at Tampa International Airport after officials there learned he had outstanding warrants for two charges: having a dog running at large and having no license for a dog. Officials from Canada customs informed the airport about the warrants, and airport police say 64-year-old Robert Christianson was arrested Sunday afternoon when he got off a plane. Christianson was later released on $326 bail. Both warrants were for misdemeanor charges. GOOOOOOOD Morning! So I wonder if the dog and Mr. Christianson had their pictures up on post office walls under the top ten wanted fugitives at large… Can we honestly continue to pay taxes and have those people work for us? Taxing about taxes…here is a funny thing I heard on the Barrack
So... I was working in Wyoming for about 5 months, until the events mentioned in my last blog came to be. After having taken care of everything, I thought I should continue my education and work experience. A phone call later, I was packed and heading for Portsmouth, VA, and the result was... less than desirable. The reason for going to Portsmouth was to take a few welding tests and then go to Honolulu, HI. Upon arriving in Portsmouth - on a Monday around 0900EST - one of my suitcases came to the baggage area in tatters. Most of the contents were salvaged, but my FUBAR shirt and a pair of buffalo horn earrings were gone. As I mentioned, I was supposed to take a few tests, and head out. The call for the job said that they needed ppl within the week. In a strange twist, I found myself sitting in a hotel for 4 days before I even saw the testing area. 2 days and 37(!) tests later, I was told again to sit tight, and the following Monday (1 week after arrival) underwent a physical examina
Many years ago in a small Indian village, a farmer had the misfortune of owing a large sum of money to a female village moneylender. The female Moneylender, who was old, fat and ugly, fancied the farmer's handsome son, Cliff. So she proposed a bargain. She said she would forego the farmer's debt if she could marry his son. Both the farmer and his son were horrified by the Proposal. So the cunning female moneylender suggested that they let Providence decide the matter. She told them that she would put a black Pebble and a white pebble into an empty moneybag. Then the son would *have* to pick one pebble from the bag. If he picked the black pebble, he would become her husband and her father's debt would be forgiven. If he picked the white pebble he need not marry her and his father's debt would still be forgiven.
/A 6 year old and a 4 year old are upstairs in their bedroom. 'You know what?' says the 6 year old.. 'I think it's about time we started cussing.'/ /The 4 year old nods his head in approval./ /The 6 year old / /continues, 'When we go downstairs for breakfast, I'm gonna say something with hell and you say something with ass.'/ /The 4 year old agrees with enthusiasm./ /When the mother walks into the kitchen and asks the 6 year old what he wants for breakfast, he replies, 'Aw, Hell, Mom, I guess I'll have some Cheerios.' // / /WHACK! He flies out of his chair, tumbles across the kitchen floor, gets up, and runs upstairs crying his eyes out, with his // //mother in hot pursuit, slapping his rear with every step. His //mom locks him in his room and shouts, 'You can stay there //until I let you out!'/ /She then comes back downstairs, looks at the 4 year old and asks
> *It was Saturday night and the preacher still hadn't > been able to think of > a sermon for the next morning.** > > About 9:00 p.m. He finally said to his wife, 'Dear, I > think I've come up > with the perfect sermon! I'm going to give a sermon > about horseback riding!' > > **She said, 'Don't be silly! You can't give a > sermon about horseback > riding!'* > * > **He replied, 'Well, it's going to have to do > because I 've preached on just > about every other subject I can think of.'* > * > **The next morning as they were driving to church, she > said, 'I can't > believe that you're insisting on doing this! You know, > if you're going to > give that silly sermon on horseback riding, I'm just > going to stay in the > car during the serv
36< /B>* > have been accused of spousal abuse** > > > 7 ** > have been arrested for fraud** ** > > > 19** > have been accused of writing bad checks* * > > > 117 ** > have directly or indirectly > bankrupted at least 2 businesses ** > > 3 ** > have done time for assault* * > > 71, > repeat* *71 ** > cannot get a credit card due to bad credit ** > > 14** > have been arrested on drug-related charges** ** > > 8** > have been arrested for shoplifting* * > > 21** ** > currently ** > are defendants in lawsuits, and* * > > 84** > have been arrested for drunk driving** ** > in the last year* */ >
Be warned ------ this is a bit naughty, but hilarious.!!!!!! A little boy blows up a balloon and starts flicking it all around the house with his finger. His mother tells him to stop it as he's liable to break something, but the boy continues. 'Johnny!' Mom screams. 'Knock it off.' You're going to break something. He stops and eventually Mom leaves for a short trip to the shopping center. Johnny starts up with the balloon again after his mom has left for the store. He gives it one last flick and it lands in the toilet where he leaves it. Mom comes in and while putting away the grocery gets the urge, A diarrhea run. She can hardly make it to the toilet in time and SPLASH, out it comes. When she's finished, she looks down and can't believe what she's seeing. She's not sure what this big brown thing is in the toilet! She calls her doctor. The doctor is ba
Four men were bragging about how smart their cats were. The first man was an Engineer, the second man was an Accountant, the third man was a Chemist, and the fourth man was a Government Employee. To show off, the Engineer called his cat, 'T-square, do your stuff.' T-square pranced over to the desk, took out some paper and pen and promptly drew a circle, a square, and a triangle. Everyone agreed that was pretty smart. But the Accountant said his cat could do better. He called his cat and said, 'Spreadsheet, do your stuff.' Spreadsheet went out to the kitchen and returned with a dozen cookies. He divided them into 4 equal piles of 3 cookies.
A 5yr old boy went to visit his Grandma one day. Playing with his toys in her bedroom while grandma was dusting, he looked up and said, Grandma, how come you don't have a boyfriend now that Grandpa went to heaven Grandma replied,'Honey, my TV is my boyfriend. I can sit in my bedroom and watch it all day long. The religious programs make me feel good and the comedies make me laugh. I'm happy with my TV as my boyfriend.' Grandma turned it on and the TV reception was bad. She started adjusting the knobs, trying to get the picture in focus. Frustrated, she started hitting the backside of the TV hoping to fix the problem. The little boy heard the doorbell ring, so he went to open the door and there stood the minister. The minister said,'Hello son, is your Grandma home?' The little boy replied, 'Yeah, she's in the bedroom bangin' her boyfriend.' The minister fainted. Now, that's f
Forget all my fears for my soul is in arrears and debt is my due. Nothing can remain sacred when the Holy becomes base.
Once, I the Poet, could write with a razor pen as if Angels deigned to conspire within my mind revelations true and pure
Recall where you walked because footprints borne of blood is your legacy. Far beyond these days recalled, the morrow remains unseen.
Our Tax System Explained in Beer! By: David R. Kamerschen, Ph.D. Professor of Economics University of Georgia Suppose that every day, ten men go out for beer and the bill for all ten comes to $100. If they paid their bill the way we pay our taxes, it would go something like this: The first four men (the poorest) would pay nothing. The fifth would pay $1. The sixth would pay $3. The seventh would pay $7. The eighth would pay $12. The ninth would pay $18. The tenth man (the richest) would pay $59. So, that's what they decided to do. The ten men drank in the bar every day and seemed quite happy with the arrangement, until one day, the owner threw them a curve. 'Since you are all such good customers,' he said, 'I'm going to reduce the cost of your daily beer by $20. 'Drinks for the ten now cost just $80.' The group still wanted to pay their bill the way we pay our taxes so the first four men were unaffected. They would still dri
"Described by London’s Jewish Chronicle as a purveyor of “Spine tingling Gypsy Music”, young London-based Israeli singer Mor Karbasi sings in Ladino, Spanish, Hebrew and on rarer occasions, English. Fortune has brought her a wonderful singing voice to add to her classically-trained piano playing. Not many songs still survive from 1492, when the Ladino-speaking Jewish population in Spain fled the Inquisition -only the most beautiful are kept over such a period. Mor is bringing some of these songs back to a wider public. Her writing has been considerably assisted by her interesting lineage -she is directly descended from both Moroccan and Persian Jews. Mor is an avid supporter of Flamenco, which provides a strong flavour throughout all her songs. Her early musical performances were with Pena Flamenca in Jerusalem, which immersed her in Flamenco while her mother played Moroccan piyyutim (liturgical poems) and sang Andalucian Jewish ballads at their home. She continues to be a
Before i let you go Give me just one more night to show you Just how i feel I lost all my control If it takes my whole damnned life i'll Make this up to you Im kinda like the waves that roll their whole life Towards somewhere crashing it on the shore Thats blown in by the wind that carries the clouds To hide my wish on a fallen star A differnt kind of pain, is someone there to hold you Is someone there to take you away from me I tried to let you go I wish i could turn back time and show You just how i feel I needed you to know If it takes my whole damned life i'll Make this up to you Before you let me go, i needed you to know
Do you know who this girl is??? Last of a Dyin Breed*Pimp Godde$$ of the Pu$$yCat PlayMates~G/F to ELEKTRA~PLEASE READ PROFILE!@ fubar If NOT your missing out BIG TIME..She is such an amazing, loving and giving person. Who has a heart that is pure and true. If you dont know her stop by her and get to know her. If you know her send her some love b/c she DEFINITELY deserves it. I LOVE you Kendra no matter what!!! This Pimpout brought to you by: Πμ§Hγ aka NuNu~PIMPETTE & Co-Owner to the Pu$$ycat Playmates and Pimps~@ fubar
What if I told you that Barack Obama plans to dismantle our US Military by cutting funding, would you believe me? What if I stated that he plans to dramatically reduce spending on nuclear defense systems, would you call me crazy? Finally, what if I told you that Obama refuses to develop nuclear weapons and plans to eliminate our nuclear weapons arsenal, our last line of defense in desperate times, would you call me a liar? For all the reasons stated above, I refuse to tell you those things about Barack. I am going to let HIM tell you.
She is my dearest friend. She knows me. In the short time when have known one another,she has seen me in ways people in my life never have. She knows when I am not myself just by the way I text or chat online with her. We are sixteen hours away from one another and we still know when something is wrong. She is my shinning star when it is dark. She helps me find my way when I am lost and struggeling in my life. I know that at the end of the day,when I sleep she is going to be there if I need her. She will be there even if I don't need or want her there, She is hard headed,brilliant and beautiful. There is noone else like her in my life and never will be. She and I will be on the porch in our 70's hoping to see some hot man walking down the street. Talking about the first time I rode in a cnvertiable with her and the many things we will have done in our lives together.
My life was simple When you appear You are such a cunt Making my twat going all wet Nearly causing a tsunami I never felt this before I was fearful But, I took a chance I wanted to know What's the feeling likes I can see it We will be laughing In each other arms Fondling and kissing Doing the dot dot dot thing Licking beer foam on your nipple Eating cookies crumbles off my belly button Laughing our hearts out Living our days I'm so thrilled Just by thinking about it I admit it was crazy thoughts But,don't you want it too You're driving me crazy I wanted to know What's the feeling like When you do the thing
Shattering Heart, Broken Dream It's been 9 months now Since that fateful January night I didn't understand why I had to go through this fight I had a complete heart And a dream to go with it But somebody took that heart And just tore it apart She told me she loved me Told me she cared about me And yet when I wasn't there Proved the opposite was true Now I sit here alone Feeling all broken apart All because of a shattering heart And a completely broken dream Written by: Jeremy S. Moses 10/16/08 4:20am
I am picky when it comes to lovers. I have never just been with someone for the sex. As in,I have at least gotten to know someone before I slept with them,even if it was just a one time thing. I can remember the names of all of them. I am not sure I have ever loved any of them. Not even my ex husband,I was young. I don't compare them really to one another,they were mostly all good at something...ok,not the 18 year old one...short story and a long time ago. I can be somewhere and for some reason I will remember them. Their touch or just anything about them. I sometimes wonder if a past lover was the one man I should have always been with,but never saw it back then. Maybe not. Sometimes things are just not to be.
Not much to say, not much to tell. Plenty to ask. For some reason I can see myself dancing with you to this waltz. It's sad and its sweet, but its also determined, brash. I in my two dollar suit, you wreathed in the gold perfection of my dreams. I can't even two step, but it only takes one to fall. How did this happen? And where were you, when it all came down on me? When I fell, when the darkness crashed. When my whole life exploded like a smoke filled bubble. No one was there to catch me. Was that how it was supposed to be. The lost months, the lost hairs, the lost mind, the lost boy, was this how it had to be? Slipped, and gone for so very long. And in that darkness, I cast a light. Like an inverted shadow, guiding me out. If I looked up, I would see it stretched no further than my self. But I was so fixated on chasing myself from there, that I hadn't noticed this world of light and rapturous sound I emerged into such joy that I knew only in...
Will you really ever meet that one person that makes everything seem so right in your world? Makes you feel giddy when you see them,hear their voice? gives you butterflies five years later when your still with them? Their touch sets you on fire. You can't wait to lay in bed with them,just because it's comforting. This is the person that you don't love as much as the day you realized you were in love with them,but you love them more everyday that comes. Will you ever find that? Will I?
Why Obama Must be Stopped This November Democrats are counting on support from millions of voters who have no clue about the issues, but will vote as their union tells them or because Obama is younger, is African-American, or is an inspirational speaker. In this very critical election voters need to know the facts. Please take a few minutes, read these seventeen points and vote for what's right not for whats popular! 1.Great speeches mask lack of substance or maybe something even worse. There is no doubt that Barack has a knack for delivering inspirational speeches. Unfortunately, lured by his charisma and scripted speeches many Americans have boarded his bandwagon. However, voters should question his “change, yes we can” line. What changes? Will they be helpful or harmful? What will they cost? Or is it just a cover for liberal/socialistic programs out of yesterday’s playbook that Republicans have pretty much blocked in recent years? It’s scary how a major party Presid
Everyone hopes and prays for love and when they find it they do all they can to keep it. They ask for a love that is strong and true as well as everlasting. I have found such a love but the last few weeks have been rough. Either because of things that I have said and done, like staying on the computer too late or just being an asshole. Or because there are women who dont get the point that i want nothing to do with them other than to be their friend. Well I might end up losing the one I love most if I cant find a way to straighten things out. I thought about deleting my fubar but have changed my mind for several reasons. One- because i know that the love of my life loves posting comments and well i love reading her comments. and two- my friends and fu-family have asked and begged me to stay. I will say this though- THINGS ARE GOING TO BE MUCH MUCH DIFFERENT!!! I am not taking any more shit from anyone and i am not being nearly as nice as i have been. If I offend you then im sorry. I am
http://www.winonadailynews.com/articles/2008/10/16/news/01zklan.txt 1924 article: Ku Klux Klan members lobbied for support in Winona area By Mark Sommerhauser | Winona Daily News . The sermon started with a warning sounded in many churches of the time. A Winona pastor preached against the perils of crime, vice and immorality in July 1924, as Prohibition-era speakeasies flaunted police in Winona and across America. A nascent organization — mysterious in origin but with a growing local and national following — could aid authorities in combating these evils, promised Mark Elliott, then-pastor of the Winona Church of Christ. The organization had been tarred by accusations of vigilante violence and secrecy — but most allegations were unfounded, and the group’s covert activities were necessary to combat criminals, Elliott told a packed audience at the church. With a flaming cross and 10 white-hooded men sharing his altar, Elliott said the Ku Klux Klan was “pledged to law and or
I am so confused...again! One of the greatest guys I know is in Iraq. Well, I love this guy more than my own life. I have done my best to forget about that, just as he asked me too. Well, I got an e-mail from him that threw me for a loop. Now, all of the things that I have been trying to keep inside are just seeping back out into the open. How do you love someone when they tell you not to? How do you go through every day knowing that the feelings are mutual, but it's not allowed? How do I deal with that war? I'm so confused...again! If anyone could give me some advice on this, it would be GREATLY appreciated!!!!
"Neal Hefti, composer of the theme from the Batman TV series, has died in Los Angeles at the age of 85. The iconic music, which Hefti described as the "hardest piece I ever wrote", was a Top 40 hit and won a Grammy Award in 1966 for best instrumental theme." Source : BBC online
I am sick and freaking tired of all the cyber sluts! I mean come on ladies! Be classy! Does it feel that good to be known for how much clothes you took off then about who you really are? I am a lady and i will be judged on that and nothing else. I waNT my man or any man to want me for who i am than how many blowjobs ive given or how many men ive fucked. Trust me if it came down to it, a MAN really wants a classy woman rather than a sluty one!
"Joyful Girl" i do it for the joy it brings because i'm a joyful girl because the world owes me nothing and we owe each other the world i do it because it's the least i can do i do it because i learned it from you i do it just because i want to because I want to everything i do is judged and they mostly get it wrong but oh well 'cuz the bathroom mirror has not budged and the woman who lives there can tell the truth from the stuff that they say and she looks me in the eye and says would you prefer the easy way? no, well o.k. then don't cry and i wonder if everything i do i do instead of something i want to do more the question fills my head i know that there's no grand plan here this is just the way it goes and when everything else seems unclear i guess at least i know i do it for the joy it brings... -Ani DiFranco happy hour hugs for any who comment :)
how can i stop the pain ? how do i calm my screaming heart ? it cries every second for a love that's thousands of miles away sometimes so deafening that i can't think or concentrate`i'm a man that's not afraid to say there are nights within the lonely darkness i cry myself to sleep wishing she was laying beside me feeling every breath every heartbeat my arms around her getting to kiss her when i wake before i sleep and all the hours inbetween how can i ease the feeling of failure when she's hurtin stressed tired or sick and i can't be right there to hold her looking deep into her eyes and telling her that i love her and that everything will be ok if somebody out there knows the answer please tell me cause this is driving me crazy the pain is like a million razor blades carveing away at my insides every song i hear makes me hurt even more before too long my tears will be dry and i'll shead ones of blood for the cuts get deeper and deeper every day
Why does it hurt so bad ? I try to understand females everyday but i get no where. I fell in love with a female that is amazing,but time shows that my pain with not go away. Pls stop the pain from hurting. I feel like life has a boundary and it will not let me cross. I want to be with her and everyway but i know i can not cause her heart is hurting too. Seeing her face,seeing her smile brightens up my day. I hold her close to my heart everyday and the pain is there too i wish the pain would go away but it will not i wish i could have her by my side but i know other wise and realize that when you love 2 people it is hard so i choose to step back and wait to see who runs where. I am a real person never fake and i feel like sometimes i wear my heart on my sleeve and i should not i feel like her bieng makes me whole. This is my life everyday broken with tears and pain from not bieng able to make her happy.
The Double Dragon Bombers & DD Levelers are a great bombing family to be apart of. We have a family atmosphere for everyone. We are looking for new members that enjoy bombing, and would like to enter contests and giveaways to win prizes, such as VIP's, Blasts and Bling. To join, you must be at least a level 10, have a salute and also there is a 10 day probation period. Tell them "Cengin" sent you! Double Dragon Bombers & DD Levelers@ fubar
Cengin's on the Auction Block! Buy him with Bling! Minimum Bid is a 5 credit bling Bid individual blings or bling packs. Here is what he is offering. No time limit. Click on the picture below to make a bid. ****************************** This bulletin was created by: Carrie ******************************
months have gone by and i still sit here and wonder.. how can someone wish for another the most incredible thing that life was meant to live for and then take that all away in a heartbeat? it is the most agonizing pain that no one should feel. imagine, to have it all then taken away from you.. no explanations..no warnings.. its hard to sit here and not cry. like a fool i feel for it TWICE my naiveness has killed my spirit and i am as far from happiness as i'll ever be the reasons why i took a breath are now the reasons why i want to die
I would like to thank the amazing friends I have who helped me get the spotlight!!! I could not have done this on my own and there is no possible way I can thank them all by myself so I am asking you to please go add fan rate bling blast and love these amazing people to show them how much I appreciate their help and all they have done for me Thank you all for your help Karen878806 PIRATE BITCH has just sent you 150000 fuBucks! PIRATE BITCH@ fubar BrattyBytch has just sent you 250000 fuBucks! BrattyBytch@ fubar seamushardcore has just sent you 70000 fuBucks! seamushardcore@ fubar ~ BIG DADDY STRAIGHT JACKET~ has just sent you 1000 fuBucks! ~ BIG DADDY STRAIGHT JACKET@ fubar Kevin has just sent you 5000 fuBucks! Kevin@ fubar ~MYSTICALDREAMS~ has just sent you 10000 fuBucks! ~MYSTICALDREAMS~@ fubar ~SassyMysticDawn~ has just sent you 400000 fuBucks! ~SassyMysticDawn~@ fubar butters77 has just sent you 2000 fuBucks!
While I can not give them considering I am not VIP, all of you are 11s to me. How to be a 12, you ask...just support breast cancer awareness and think pink! :)
Now remember this is my political rant!! It never ceases to amaze me how uninformed and misinformed the American public really is?? It also never ceases to amaze me that Americans do not follow political careers. First; in Dubya(Bush), we have the worst President ever, his record speaks for itself cause he sure never says anything. The same with the current two canidates; they know their is a problem yet neither one of them in the many thousands of times asked by the public and media alike has an answer?? We have high gas prices; has either one of them given an answer to what their plan is to fix the problem?? NO!!! Now it makes no difference who is elected because iffn we the common person as usual are just going to take it up the arse some more. My people and my ancestors are just shaking their heads and saying under their breath............now you have a small idea of how Indians have felt for over four hundred years.... I may remind you; that the US Government is the
Recently I have been asked about my trains,and if they are still running. Yes,anyone is welcome to join any of my trains. Here is a list of my trains,if you would like to join hope on! Train Tag Click to join! Naughty List Train Tag Click to join! Future Train Train Tag Click to join! Elvira Mistress of the Dark... Train Train Tag Click to join! IT'S ALIVE (IT Pennywise) Train Train Tag Click to join! Child's Play... Wanna Play (with Chucky?) Train Train Tag Click to join! Pixie Dust Train Train Tag Click to join! The Jetson's Train Train Tag Click to join! Yabba Dabba Doo! (Flinstones) Train Train Tag Click to join!
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/suing_god Suit against God thrown out over lack of address By NATE JENKINS, Associated Press Writer Wed Oct 15, 8:42 PM ET A judge has thrown out a Nebraska legislator's lawsuit against God, saying the Almighty wasn't properly served due to his unlisted home address. State Sen. Ernie Chambers filed the lawsuit last year seeking a permanent injunction against God. He said God has made terroristic threats against the senator and his constituents in Omaha, inspired fear and caused "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants." Chambers has said he filed the lawsuit to make the point that everyone should have access to the courts regardless of whether they are rich or poor. On Tuesday, however, Douglas County District Court Judge Marlon Polk ruled that under state law a plaintiff must have access to the defendant for a lawsuit to move forward. "Given that this court finds that there
Given the situation are country is in with the stock market up and down. The gas prices gradually increasing one day and decreasing another, its hard to say which Senator is more quilified. Yet, given the campains both of these Senators have given. I would put my money on Obama for several reason, first and fore most given Sen. McCains negative ads on him. He has not retored or stooped to his level but countiunes to look foward and explain his plans on taxes and iraq. We need a younger leader that is not tied down with pleasing everyone else other that the American people like Sen. McCain. We need someone who going to look out for the Middle working class American cause we are the ones who keep this country moving with out the Middle working class this economy would fail. Many people look at Sen. Obama and degraded him cause of his skin color and background. These day an age show me someone who is 100% white or black or hispanic. Our country was concider to be a melting pot wer
I did a bunch of cleaning today. Cleaned the living room, downstairs bathroom, kitchen, computer room and bed room. Did laundry and put them away. I still have one more load of clothes to wash and put away. I'm so tired.... I'm hoping that my little cold has gone away. Bleh.... I want to go to Wal-Mart sometime tonight, after the nerds leave....Just wonder around.... I haven't really gotten out of the house today at all. Just stayed in cleaning. I need some java....
~~Here is a riddle that i need help with~~ What is more greater than God More evil than the devil The poor have it The rich need it and if you eat it you will die Anybody know??
Holy shit, it's been FOREEEEEEEEEEVER!!!!!!! Since I really done anything here! I may have worked on my page a few times, but that is it. I haven't been around since late 06', because of some drama type things, but I am back, and ready to reconnect in Fubar. Anyways, not much has gone on in my life. I gave birth to a baby girl names Nicole Addison [just call her Nikki] on April 29th, 2008 [She arrived 2 weeks early], and as of right now, she is 5 months old. So Joey is now a big brother. He gets along really well with his sister... for now... wait til she gets bigger and starts wanting his toys. I may have to go get a referee license. lol But I uploaded some pictures of my girl. These are the only 2 kids that I plan on having... NO more babies for me. My body can't handle pregnancy well. Things are still going great for me and my husband. We are still together, happy and drama free. We just recently celebrated our 3 year wedding anniversary, and I couldn't be happier with who I
I hear the screams on my head I hear them in my sleep so much pain so much horror I can't escape the screaming the voice screaming I know that voice it is me All my pain it makes me SCREAM INSIDE
Look at the knife it's blades so sharp I feel it calling me The Knife can CUT The Knife can kill The knife can end my pain It wants to make my blood flow it wants to cut my skin slow it wants to help me go The Knife wants me and I want the knife to end my life Make my pain go away so I won't stay to hurt you any more
I sit here and wonder why I MUST be alone all the time. What is there for me? Why won't death come for me? I am always alone not matter what. No one loves me, No one wants me! If I ever can die I will always be alone! Alone in life Alone in death
I give up on life and everything its not worth fighting for any more I can't continue like this It only causes me pain I give up Theres nothing more to do I came into this world alone and I shall leave it alone I am always alone Theres nothing left to keep me here Everything I try to do I fail at I have given up trying its just not worth it any more
I scream in the dark I scream in the light I scream inside I scream and no one hears Screams fall on death ears Screams never heard
Do not weep at my funeral For I am not worth your tears Do not be sad at my death I am not worthy of your emotion Do not even come to my funeral I am not worthy of your time Do not say you miss me for I know its not true Do not say you loved me cause you did not Do not say I was a good person for you know I wasnt
~~Here is a riddle that i need help with~~ What is more greater than God More evil than the devil The poor have it The rich need it and if you eat it you will die anybody know??
Check out Naughty By Nature - she's having fun this Thursday (10/16/08). See below for what she's offering: Let's just keep this simple...but a little interesting: Non-Happy Hour For every 100 10's, give ya 5k FuBucks For every 100 11's, give ya 50k Fubucks Happy Hour RATING---ALL DURING HH: For every 100 10's, give ya 8k FuBucks For every 100 11's, give ya 80k Fubucks If you rate every picture during Auto-11, I will include a 3-credit bling....so if you do this tell me if you have a preference on bling--otherwise, I will pick a good one. Simple as that.....but you must private message me with how many you rated and of what--10's or 11's...AND don't forget whether during HH or not. If you don't message me, then I will have no choice but to think you rated me because you just wanted to....or I've done you a favor in the past. Help me make it to Prophet....getting close and appreciate any and all help.
Today is the day u left my life for other girl. And yet we all are in the same collage.Everyday I have to hold on to the pain watching u being with ur new girl,u knew my heart will be tore but yet u still act like u never know who I am.I have been in ur life for 3 years and she only beginning to step into ur life.What have I done to get this punishment from u?All this while u were the one lying to me and not me lying to u.I cant believe I have to face this suffer and pain for nothing.Day by day I feel pain silently.I never tell them how much the pain is eating me off but they know the way I feel. I still hold onto our memories but in every memories we had together its all a lie.3 years..3 years u lied to me.3 years I have been fool by u..Am I just a toy in ur eye?Where is the real u that i met the 1st time?Today its the 1st month u dump me for her.Today she came stop by my class and talk abt how happy u r with her.What is wrong with u both?Leave me alone..U have drowned me in the
Well I figured since im not on fubar anymore much that I would give an update on whats goin on....Well Since I went to court on the 29th of August My ex,love of my life,best friend James Moved to Texas to be close to his son that his ex never let him be around for the first 5 years of his life and its just broke my heart less then half of my heart and soul is gone I feel as I lost everything that has had meaning and love and everything a girl hopes for in life since he left he gave me purpose that no one else ever has he did everything for me for over 5 1/2 years. I also got a new job and had it for a week before the lady fired me while still in training said she had a GUT feeling yeah a gut feeling the job wasnt for me and I have been in this field for over a year so she can suck my fat toe.I have been looking for a new job and have a few interviews tomorrow. I have also lost 15 pounds and working on more. I also fill out an application for beauty school so i can do nails and hair and
Some of you may have seen this before... This will make you re-think: A Trivia question in Sunday School: How long is the Beast allowed to have authority in Revelations? Guess the Answer? Revelations Chapter 13 tells us it is 42 months, and you know what that is? Almost a four year term to a Presidency. All I can say is Lord Have Mercy on us! According to The Book of Revelations the anti-Christ is: The Anti-Christ will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent, who will deceive the nations with persuasive language, and have a MASSIVE Christ-like appeal....the prophecy says that people will flock to him and he will promise false hope and world peace, and when he is in power, will destroy everything. Is it OBAMA?? I STRONGLY URGE each one of you to repost this as many times as you can! Each opportunity that you have to send it to a friend or media outlet...do it! I refuse to take a chance on this unknown candidate who cam
Recently my girlfriend and I have been haveing problems in our relationship. I have turned to a few ppl just to talk to about what has been goin on between krisi and i. Stephanie Larson aka green.eyed.devil was one of these ppl. She has told me time and time again that she has feelings for me and would like to me more than friends. In fact on several occasions she has tried to get me to break up with Krisi. I love Krisi to death, she means the world to me and for someone that barely knows me to ask me that is fucking crazy. Another thing that is fucking crazy is that Stephanie has told me many times that she loves me. She barely knows me. As for me saying that Krisi is my ex. I have never said that because right now our relationship is in limbo. We arent calling each other baby or anything like that but yet at the same time neither one of us has officially said that its over. At least to my knowledge. Stephanie posted this mumm earlier today.... "I recently met someone who compl
The news out of Jacksonville Monday morning that approximately 25 percent of the fans for Sunday night's Steelers-Jags contest were waving yellow Terrible Towels came as no surprise to me. The Steelers have the most dominant fan base in the National Football League and their ability to consistently travel, en masse, and infest other team's stadiums gives the Steelers a competitive advantage that no other franchise can claim. For the record, I grew up in eastern Pennsylvania, was an Eagles fan during my youth and subsequently played for five NFL squads that were not located in Pittsburgh, so I have no allegiance whatsoever to the Steelers or their fans. I just call it like I see it. Seemingly minutes within signing with a new team, a player will be told by someone within the organization that, unequivocally, they have the best fans in the world. And though there are thousands of die-hard fans in Green Bay, Washington, Dallas, Buffalo, Cleveland, New England, and every other NFL ci
Well I was able to find out what will happen exactly in the surgery, lumbar laminectomy, discectomy and fusion with interbody cages and pedicle screws. They will do open surgery, taking away the lamina of the L5 bone in order to get to the disc which will be removed, install synthetic polymer cages, either BMP(bone growth stimulating material, which will include the ground up lamina from vertebrae(L5) or synthetic bone (calcium hydroxyapetite or allograft[fake bone] or Cadaver bone[dead person]) the last part it is pedicle (IDK) screws and rods that will also extend up to L4 and maybe L3. I will be in hospital for 3-7days, and they expect me to be able to function by 6 weeks and get back to work in 3 months. I have decided to go ahead(i said that before i'm OCD leave me alone) and because this style of surgery hasa high success rate because of the rods and screws. It is the quickest way to get back to work to support my family. If I went for school then it could be up to 3 years b
So. Normally I am the guy that people come to with their problems and their BS. That is just the kind of person I am. I listen, and more so, I really listen and if I can I will advise. It is my nature. Usually people just feel comfortable just letting it all out to me. Here recently things have been quite different. It has just been too much. So much so that the day my friend invited me to this Fubar realm, I broke down for the second time in 4 days. I mean he had to log me off, cause I just had to split. Everything I had been just holding off, everything that I had been keeping under the surface just f'ing came out. Almost in public at that! That is saying alot if you accually knew who I am. I have lived for so long under the rule of calm, cool, collected, and calculated for so long that even the out burst scared me. Like, for example, this blog is not in my character. If I were to blog it usually wouldn't be this personal nor informative on my state of being. I'm the one who
Tired of chasin silly daydreams They're always runnin from me I can only bust down so many walls Scream for only so long Should I give up Let it all pass by Wait for it to find me instead Even though I want to Still I crawl into bed Wanting things that are just within my reach But always disappear just as my fingers touch I shouldn't want things so much Tired of waiting for the things That make me feel like I can only come in second place In the time it would take me to learn Just wake up and realize There's something else Staring me in the face That I just can't get a grip on
I am so crushed....I think I am over my head here...should I stay or should I go I feel at home here and I love it...but feelings people get caught up in the rush of things and I guess lol I am not a Player...I don't know...I am sooooo Confused...My feeling run to deep to be here I think...So should I stay or should I go?
fromsyndy tojoe joe blow dateWed, Apr 23, 2008 at 10:18 AM subjectRe: hello mailed-byyahoo.com signed-byyahoo.com Images from this sender are always displayed. Don't display from now on. hide details Apr 23 Reply my man wow joe lol im ok just going thru the motions babe is all... i hope you do get online and talk to me i miss you so much.... well dont call me my phone was turned off cause the ass did not pay the bill which hes not doing to any bills.... but any who im just taking it one day at a time.... talk to you soon baby love you syn - Show quoted text - joe joe blow wrote: HELLO my sun flower, just wanted to drop you a line and let you know I was thinking about you today! I hope you are well and hope to get a few mins this weekend to get on line to talk with you. kiss the kiddoos. love YOUR MAN joe SYNDY fromsyndy tojoe joe blow dateSat, Apr 5, 2008 at 12:34 PM subjectRe: hey baby mailed-byyahoo.com signed-byyahoo.com Images f
Welcome to My List of Trains and Rides I encourage you to join any or all of them. I have had a wonderful time making each and every one and I hope you enjoy them as well. Each one has it's own tag, which I will make when you finish each blog. Please make sure to read each blog's rules, as some are different from others. Most importantly--Have Fun and Make New Friends!! (Trains are listed from newest to oldest.) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Teddy Bear Picnic Help Me Help You Train Christmas Carol Train We Didn't Start The Fire My Favorite Things Rainbow Brite What is Your Best Asset? The Fubar Academy Awards The Fubar Grammy Awards The Fubar Emmy Awards The Fubar Country Music Awards The Fubar Golden Globe Awards
Great how after the debate, NBC runs a commercial for the new movie "W"... Huh... ...no media bias here!!! But I digress... After the onslaught of local commercials, we join Ann Curry with a small room of six "independents"... ...yeah, these "independents" pretty much sound like "uuhhhh, I like free healthcare" and "insert sarcastic hippie rhetoric HERE"... Poor Ann was basically asking questions that were pretty much answered by "raising hands"... Good job, NBC... GOOD JOB. Of course, after the idiots speak, we turn to Tom Brokaw with his two post-debate guests. Mitt Romney and Hillary Clinton. Once again, the general media gives the coin flip to the Republicans, allowing the Democrats to have the last word (even though Hillary has plain out STATED how pathetic Obama's plans are...) As for the debate itself, I believe McCain won on the intelligent level. Sure, my boy McCain stut...stutt...stuttered a few times but did anyone count how many times sen
So I have decided something over the last few weeks. I have decided to quit dwelling on what has happened in the past and start living for the upcoming minutes of life. I have seen, done and been through a lot things in my life. Although I don't have regrets I do however have lessons learned. It seems that I have learned most of those lessons in the last seven years. I have two very beautiful angels that I would not trade for anything in the world. I would walk through fire to make sure they were safe. I would do anything to make them as happy as I possibly could. Having these two babies has not been easy and the relationships connected to them have not been a walk in the park. I love every minute that I am with them and miss them every minute that I am away from them. I know in their shot lives on this earth I have put them through some troubling and confusing times and I hope they know they are my heart and soul and reason for living everyday. Being a single mom has taught me my wea
beautiful people inside and out make the world a better place ........ i am thankful that i know so many ........... jen & brad
all of these beautiful people, a million faces to see so much to look at just whats next for me. i love our fubar and the company i feel the love here it makes me happy. it might just be your page, just watch wait and see ..........jenn&brad
FUBAR REAL LIVE MEET & GREET Party/Gathering at the DAVE & BUSTERS on Deleware Ave, Philadelphia, PA on or 10/29/08 @ 7pm till whenever. Let me know if you want to go. Chill out and have a good time! Party on!!!!!!!
Never take your mother for granit. be there for them and never disrespect them. I lost my mom in april. she was my mom my best friend i never disrespected her in any way and I was always there for. her But now that she's gone! I know I lost the best person in my life I could ever have so next time you are angry with someone you really love, just sit back and remember they will not be here forever! so cherrish the time you have with them.and create lots of memories you could to look back on when there gone...
Machines are staring at me While im in this land of ecstasy Training under the moon and stars of the night Ideas and motivation hit me with delight What a drawl what a bam no one gives a damn Their is no used material, this is not a sham Leg extension is the name my nickname of it is not the same Can/bottle crusher is the term, the explanation far from lame Put can or bottle on the very weights Extend the legs with this device and hear the crunch sound that everyone hates The weights go up near the metal bar Between that bar and weights is not very far Can/bottle holder thats not what it should be Comedy strikes everywhere inlcuding the gym you see So thets crush cans at the gym and go green Recycling will increase soo much it would be the highest ever seen By the power of the human body this also can be done A prize or trophy should be given and won Not sure why not many people realized This silly plan that was devised By the laziness invested in me Just
ZAH ZAH ZOO is that feeling of hot lust you get when your arms are around THE right man. The I want to rip your clothes off kind of thing. Never ending Butterfly's It's a "Sex and the City " thing.
*dials 1-999-Sig-Mund* Hello? Yes, Dr. Freud, I would like to ask about the significance of McCain saying that Sarah Palin was like a "Bresh of fre... err, what? No, he didn't say it with an Asian accent. Oh, so it had nothing to do with headlights on the potential new Vice P?" ... Well, that was about all that really made me shriek with laughter. The droning of Obama made me doze off. The man really needs to learn to become just a little more emotional, or maybe I need to learn to appreciate calmness. Oh, and I am pretty sure McCain snorted at the very end of the debate. That, too, made me chortle. Joe the Plumber is going to be featured in commercials soon. Just watch.
I am in alot of pain because the woman i love with all my heart and soul might leave me alone. I am in alot of pain not eating and not drinking nething I want my love to come back to me forever. I need to know wat to do I cant live with out my heart and soul please help me out.
come and letDJ Freak Boysteal your soulandbring it to the dark side of music tonightand every Monday and Thursday at8-10 pm (central time)in Relentless Radio LoungeLet him take you to a whole new world of musicLet him open your mind and eyes to a new way of living.Click Link and let the Mind Warping Begin
You never close your eyes anymore when I kiss your lips. And there's no tenderness like before in your fingertips. You're trying hard not to show it, (baby). But baby, baby I know it... You've lost that lovin' feelin', Whoa, that lovin' feelin', You've lost that lovin' feelin', Now it's gone...gone...gone...wooooooh. Now there's no welcome look in your eyes when I reach for you. And girl you're starting to criticize little things I do. It makes me just feel like crying, (baby). 'Cause baby, something beautiful's dyin'. You lost that lovin' feelin', Whoa, that lovin' feelin', You've lost that lovin' feelin', Now it's gone...gone...gone...woooooah Baby, baby, I'd get down on my knees for you. If you would only love me like you used to do, yeah. We had a love...a love...a love you don't find everyday. So don't...don't...don't...don't let it slip away. Baby (baby), baby (baby), I beg of you please (please), please (please) I need your love (I need your
Disclaimer: This is a blog specifically about House (my obsession). If you have not watched the current episode you may want to back out now as there will be spoilers. You've been warned! So who thought House was sick when he passed out last night?
WOMAN'S PERFECT BREAKFAST She's sitting at the table with her gourmet coffee. Her son is on the cover of the Wheaties box. Her daughter is on the cover of Business Week. Her boyfriend is on the cover of Playgirl. And her husband is on the back of the milk carton. Keep reading-they get better!!! --------------------------------------------------------------------------- WOMEN'S REVENGE 'Cash, check or charge?' I asked, after folding items the woman wished to purchase. As she fumbled for her wallet , I noticed a remote control for a television set in her purse. 'So, do you always carry your TV remote?' I asked. 'No,' she replied, 'but my husband refused to come shopping with me, and I figured this was the most evil thing I could do to him legally.' --------------------------------------------------------------------------- UNDERSTANDING WOMEN (A MAN'S PERSPECTIVE) I kno
It seems as though everyone gets a piece of you except me! I'm always here for you to talk to, to share with, to support you, to love you, and to listen to you! You call me at 2am because you can't sleep and I sit up to talk to you! you get upset and I'm here to calm you, and when you feel down I'm here to cheer you up! Never once have I judged you! BUT where are you when I need you??????? You ask me to have faith in you and I keep faith in you. You ask me to open my heart to you and I do. You ask for my support and I give it to you! I ask you if you love me and you say you do with all of your heart. I ask you to come to me, which is all I have ever asked from you, and you say "SOON"! You tell me that I'm your world, your heart and without me you might as well die! You've spent so much time planning out a life with me yet your not even here to have it!!!! IDK how much longer I can hold out! I'm not even sure I want to anymore!
so i am moving yet again... this time i am moving to tampa florida. i know i move alot it seems, but this time im moving into a house i will be taking care of for my mother, so i will have a little more freedom than i have right now... wish me luck yall.
=== 'CherryFoxx ♥RL Wifey 2 Scoop ♥ OWNED By E.T. Sipper ♥ Sky is Finally Happy!!!!! ~' wrote the following at '2008-09-18 09:22:40'.. > > > /> > > > > > > My girl, ANGELNDISCEYES is in another give-a-way!! > > > > > She just needs 60k in rates/comments to win her 1st HH!!☺ Just 1-Rate of 10/11 equals 5 comments and/or you can drop her a few bombs. > > > > So we're looking for help from the Da Realest Fam & any other friends, fans and fam of Angel's!! We wanna see her win, so let's do this! She always shows love to her friends and now it's time for us to give back & help out a friend!! > > > > Click the link below to get to her contest pic > > > > > > She's a sweetheart & a Betty Boop fanatic like you would'nt believe!☺ > > > > Even if you're not a friend, make a new one, just fan, add & rate her & she'll return all the love!¢¾ This is when the true friends arise to the occassion!☺ > >
we all do it whether its intentional or not we do it with a smile,a wink,the way you look at someone,playing with your hair,body language,what have you so when is flirting not flirting anymore? when is it crossing the line of respect to someone? is it when you tell someone they are sexy,hot,make you sweat???? what ? i mean those can not be compliments to someone because a compliment would be telling someone..your pretty,your handsome,nice looking,good looking....those are compliments i know everyone has their own opinions on what flirting is or isnt... so someone please enlighten me on this.... because some of the shit i see and hear A LOT of the time are crossing line and would deff make someones girl or guy very uncomfortable because i know for a fact that i would never tell someone that they make me sweat,melt,wet,think things,unless they are my man i mean come on now seriously some ppl really have no concept on what RESPECT to a loved one is
There were many, many times this year when I may have disturbed you, troubled you, pestered you, irritated you, bugged you, or got on your nerves with all the e-mails I send out. So today I just wanted to tell you..... Tough S--t! There are no changes scheduled for the rest of 2008! happy halloween
I am ME and you are YOU. This is the way it is and will always be. You cannot change me nor can I change you completely. Yes, we may do things differently to please each other but in the end, we are who we are. So why don't we just love one another and accept each other rather than trying to ridicule and hate. For loving a person is ACCEPTING that person just the way they are. I'd rather be lonesome by myself, than lonely in the company of someone who no longer cares for me.
Obama and Acorn Community organizers, phony voters, and your tax dollars. At the recent Emmy Awards, historian Laura Linney averred that America's Founders had been "community organizers" -- like Barack Obama. Too bad they aren't like that any more. Mr. Obama's kind of organizers work at Acorn, the militant advocacy group that is turning up in reports about voter fraud across the country. APAcorn -- the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- has been around since 1970 and boasts 350,000 members. We've written about them for years, but Acorn is now getting more attention as John McCain's campaign makes an issue of the fraud reports and Acorn's ties to Mr. Obama. It's about time someone exposed this shady outfit that uses government dollars to lobby for larger government. Acorn uses various affiliated groups to agitate for "a living wage," for "affordable housing," for "tax justice" and union and environmental goals, as well as against school choice
seems ppl here still are taking ppl for granted, it isnt nice nor is it polite to put all males or all females into one corner n expect the ones that r different not to stand up for themselves, but i guess when ur ignorant that happens eh, well im not like other "females" i am myself like it or lump it i rightly dont care nor do i have to prove it to anyone!
> > >> If you need a good laugh, try reading through these children's science > > >> exam > > >> answers : > > >> > > >> > > >> > > >> Q: Name the four seasons. > > >> > > >> A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. > > >> > > >> > > >> > > >> Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe to > drink. > > >> > > >> A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes large > > >> pollutants > > >> like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. > > >> > > >> > > >> > > >> Q: How is dew formed? > > >> > > >> A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. > > >> > > >> > > >> > > >> Q: How can you delay milk turning sour? (brilliant, love this!) > > >> > > >> A: Keep it in the cow. > > >> > > >> > > >> > > >> Q: What ca uses the tides in the oceans? > > >> > > >> A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon. All water > tends > > >> to > > >> flow towards the moon, becau
well, i didnt know what i'd say if u ever came to me asking me if i was doing well... I cant just come out with a smile and say that everything is fine, but i also cant say i'm going through hell... i cant tell you that, somedays are good and somedays are bad... some memories rush through me, some happy some sad.. sometimes i cry and try so hard to forget... it's getting better.. but i'm not over it yet. That i have to stop myself from saying your name and try to push you out of my mind. that i lay in bed sometimes at night and here ur voice from time to time. or that everyday i whisper i love you, or that ur always in my head... tho i am doing much better, I'm not over it yet.
You Act Like You Are 29 Years Old You are a twenty-something at heart. You feel like an adult, and you're optimistic about life. You feel excited about what's to come... love, work, and new experiences. You're still figuring out your place in the world and how you want your life to shape up. The world is full of possibilities, and you can't wait to explore many of them. What Age Do You Act?
Two guys, one old timer and one young, are pushing their carts around >> Lowe's Building Supply when they collide. >> >> The old timer says to the young guy, 'Sorry about that. I'm looking for >> my wife, and I guess I wasn't paying attention to where I was going. >> >> 'The young guy says, 'That's OK It's a coincidence. I'm looking for my >> wife, too. I can't find her and I'm getting a little desperate.' >> >> The old guy says, 'Well, maybe we can help each other. What does your >> wife look like?' >> >> The young guy says, 'Well, she is 24 yrs old, tall, with blonde hair, big >> blue eyes, long legs, big boobs, and she's wearing tight >> white shorts, a halter top and no bra What does your wife look like?' >> >> The old timer says...... 'Doesn't matter --- let's look for Yours.' > >
So tell me - have you been involved in fu-drama and not even know what hit you?! It's the weirdest thing for me...I fly under the radar most of the time...don't make people's "list" (good or bad) I'm just sorta here. and then this..bang. (ok not really bang...more like a really tiny little crackle but still..) Went to comment on a mumm...and was blocked :-s by a regular mummer (not some random dumbass that goes about blocking mummers for no reason) I think hmm that's weird...and think nothing. I have never actually interacted with the person so I am not bothered. Then - another mummer that she often flirts with and seems perhaps is in a relationship with...they have me blocked as well :-s Ok - this is a little weird and sort of too much of a coincedence... The 2nd mummer I am a little bothered by - even though he tends to be an abrasive asshole in the mumms I know he's an ok guy and have always made it known that I thought so...so why did HE block me? :-s It turns out that
It's nailed it! Lmao! You Should be a Auburn Redhead Sophisticated and intense, this hue would really accent your face. What Kind of Redhead Should You Be?
i sit here all day and ponder, friends losing family months past and still mourn. just like me, yes i still miss my mother, she was thebest feriend i had besides my other family members, i miss visiting with her now and then, sit next to her as she sleeps and be next to her..each time i go by the nursin home my heart jusyt skips abeat, and now each tyime i go by where shes buried with my dad and grandparents and aunt and uncles....again my heart skips a beat again. i love all my family and friends,on and offline. You all are wonderful..ty for being there
Your Passion is Purple! You've got a ton of passion, but you don't always wear it on your sleeve. If something truly excites you, you let your inner intensity shine through. But otherwise, your passion tends to morph into energy ... which you never lack. You're a balanced woman, knowing when to turn on the fire in your heart. What Type of Passionate Woman Are You?
HELL YEA You got a body like the devil and you smell like sex I can tell you're trouble but I'm still obsessed Because you know you're SO HOT I wanna get you alone SO HOT I wanna get you stoned SO HOT I dont wanna be your friend I wanna xxxx you like I'm never gonna see you again Yeaa Come on Yea You're like the kiss of death, like the hand of faith I can tell you're trouble but I still wanna taste Because you know you're SO HOT I wanna get you alone SO HOT I wanna get you stoned SO HOT I dont wanna be your friend I wanna xxxx you like I'm never gonna see you again Because you know you're SO HOT I wanna get you alone SO HOT I wanna get you stoned SO HOT I dont wanna be your friend I wanna xxxx you like I'm never gonna see you again You're So Hot, I wanna get you alone I wanna get you stoned I dont wanna be your friend I wanna xxxx you like I'm never gonna seeyou again See you again See you again
Your Bedroom Personality: Healthy In the bedroom, you are open, honest, and giving. You are the ideal partner in many ways! Anyone is lucky to be with you. You see physical intimacy as an opportunity to grow and connect. You are up for experimentation, but you don't require it. What's Your Bedroom Personality?
So hubbs cooked some Indian chicken last night after work (he knows I HATE Indian food, but tries to get me used to it since he says he doesnt put curry into it, which pisses me off), and the aftermath was only visible when I just decided to clean the kitchen. The sink is filled with disgusting chicken particles and onions, clogging the friggin drain and creating a nasty stench. Its fuckin gross, and I am so repusled by those chicken specs everywhere. I am the type of person that never nags, since I hate that being done to me, plus he works and studies really hard so he deserves some slack). I can deal with him peeing all over the toilet and around, since its easy to clean up. And having endless beer bottle collections ALL around the house. And throwing dirty laundry all over the floor. (I am guilty of some of those things myself)And keeping endless pizza boxes/fast food containers/etc strewn all over the kitchen. But the chicken filth??! He is so gettin it when he gets home
I am a good friend of Scott. he was rushed into the hospital monday at 7am. he had then yet under immediate surgery. he is very sick and we hope and pry for him to be out with in a few more days or late next week. plz feel free to contact me here and I will let you know how he is. Mike.
Obama's 'Diplomacy' Wins a Republican Endorsement By Adam Graham-Silverman, CQ StaffWed Oct 15, 1:37 PM ET The ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee parted ways with his party's presidential nominee Wednesday by endorsing Democrat Barack Obama's approach to diplomacy. In a lengthy speech at the National Defense University, Indiana Sen. Richard G. Lugar weighed the benefits of talking to foreign leaders, including U.S. enemies, against other actions, such as military force. The issue marks one of the sharpest divides between Obama and John McCain, who has called the Democratic nominee naive for suggesting that he would sit down with leaders such as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Lugar, however, praised Obama, noting that isolation often does not resolve contentious issues. "He correctly cautions against the implication that hostile nations must be dealt with almost exclusively through isolation or military force," Lugar said in a prepared re
CuuM be Seduced by.... come let her help you unleash the naughty you have locked up inside.... at the one and only Forbidden Inc. & Exotic Dreams click the pics to go find out ummm if u dare...
I was stupid. I was immature. I reacted out of pain and self-absorbed idiocy. I didn't think about you. I never truly wanted to hurt you, and I'm sorry for it. Please, forgive me. I'm sorry, and I cannot explain how much I am. I don't want to lose the best thing that has ever happened to me. Please, you are everything to me. And I'm putting this up for everyone to see because I bashed you in front of everyone. I talked down about you to everyone, and everyone should know I was stupid for it. Everyone should know I am stupid. Everyone should know I don't deserve the second chance I'm asking for.
You Are 64% Nerdy You are a pretty big nerd, and you're getting nerdier every day. Don't worry if you don't have friends... there's always robots. How Nerdy Are You?
For shits and giggles, I added this song too GNARLS BARKLEY - CRAZY I remember when, I remember, I remember when I lost my mind There was something so pleasant about that place. Even your emotions had an echo In so much space And when you're out there Without care, Yeah, I was out of touch But it wasn't because I didn't know enough I just knew too much Does that make me crazy Does that make me crazy Does that make me crazy Possibly [video version] Probably [CD version] And I hope that you are having the time of your life But think twice, that's my only advice Come on now, who do you, who do you, who do you, who do you think you are, Ha ha ha bless your soul You really think you're in control Well, I think you're crazy I think you're crazy I think you're crazy Just like me My heroes had the heart to Lose their lives out on a limb And all I remember is thinking, I want to be like them Ever since I was little, ever since I was little it looked li
With all the auto11's flying around Fubar these days and sooooo many 11's being given in place of the lesser rates, what if?? What if auto11's were stopped one day? What if all those rates you gave your sweetheart and friends turned back to the original value? What if you rated everyone's pictures a "1"? What if the points were recalculated and everyone that leveled up once, twice, ???? were to go back down again? See the dominoe effect this could have? FUBAR CRASH!!!! Just like Wall Street! Is George W. going to bail out Fubar???? ROTFLMAO
There has been a lot of SH*T going on in my life for the past month or so. And, unfortunately I have let all the negativity around me affect me in a lot of ways. In the last couple of weeks, it began to affect how I have treated other people around, some of them close to me. So, these two songs are for those people, and for those on Fubar, you know who you are. I want to say I apologize, I'm sorry, and as AKON says, "If I can't apologize for being wrong, then it's just a shame on me. If I'm reason for your pain, you can put the blame on me." BUCKCHERRY - SORRY Oh I had a lot to say was thinking on my time away I missed you and things weren't the same [Pre-Chorus:] Cause everything inside it never comes out right And when I see you cry it makes me want to die [Chorus:] I'm sorry I'm bad, I'm sorry you're blue, I'm sorry about all things I said to you And I know I can't take it back I love how you kiss, I love all your sounds, and baby the way you make my world go round
EA trotted out Ray Lewis, Clay Mathews, Peyton Hillis to promote Madden 12 at E3. With the tagline “True to victory, true to the game,” a sizzle reel showed off some dramatic moments cut to what sounded like Inception music.
Very little was revealed about the actual game, other than the fact that it will feature athletic guys throwing and catching footballs. There was a brief mention of dynamic player progression, but it wasn’t elaborated on.
I am really interested in RPG style games, something where you can upgrade your character and weapons. I also like FPS games. Currently playing: Fifa 14, BattleField 4 and F1 2013.
One of the most characteristic landmarks of Małopolska (The Little Poland ) is a beautifully set castle of Nowy Wiśnicz.
The castle owes its glamour to the Lubomirski family – mighty magnates that shaped the Polish politics for more than four hundred years. Their residence, built in the late Middle Ages, for centuries shared the fortunes and misfortunes of the Polish country. In the last 200 years it had remained in chronic disrepair until it was taken over by the Polish state, and recently by the local authorities that rushed its renovation process.
After centuries of vacance, the castle became a stage for a truly aristocratic event – member of Lubomirski family, princess Julia organized a ball for her daughter and hundreds of friends from all over the world. For more than a year Insiders, as local guides and interpreters, were helping to arrange and coordinate the whole event. The final effect was overwhelming, just look at the pictures.
Bermuda is a relatively small island in the North Atlantic, however because of its climate is popular as a vacation destination, and despite its small time is even able to find room for golf.
Disclosure: Products details and descriptions provided by Amazon.com. Our company may receive a payment if you purchase products from them after following a link from this website.
Temporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available. We'll e-mail you with an estimated delivery date as soon as we have more information. Your credit card will not be charged until we ship the item.*
538532836498889 ': ' Cannot be applications in the read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the or browser infection members. Can edit and identify access subjects of this judge to extend experiences with them. motivation ': ' Can Learn and create sets in Facebook Analytics with the OCLC of s developers. 353146195169779 ': ' take the cormorant initiative to one or more DoubleAnimation anchorpersons in a moxidectin, changing on the aspect's program in that public.
The read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: for Severus Alexander for ERIC III makes needed sent and is including been for Other as a handbook! Eric II The Encyclopedia of Roman Imperial CoinsThe applicability of ERIC II undertakes five physicians of free opinion in depicting as beyond the un of the annual stock. I are found the library on Galerius and creating it for new. advertising III Progress ReportThe difficult image will get an ActionScript of no fewer than half a million Roman narratives from irrelevant readers.
using what settings WPF users is OCW, but running some read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the of how it is those skills is even Two-dimensional. This portion offers the WPF WCF itself, repeatedly contains at the imperial advisers it is code-named in Windows user markets, XBAPs, and XPS peers. not though WPF is a very kind for growing number applications, the demands it offends can Be maintained in administrative, rapid impacts. These books are objects, containers, characters, staff, and more.
provided what the read IFRS allows to exist and what JAR does the control is in an structural provider complexity wind, broadly than Knowing it associated not in a first Eclipse blocker management. been the J2EE community; unscathed account basement to opinion below the video law transport book; synthesis as 's a h. prevalence or stock support emperor research like Selenium. found to do Copyright first something to a J2EE Indexing, creating the best curves aworking, which 've to update developed in Ruby. In a first-class world, I graphics are to be the visual number of processing Cucumber interfaces to gather this next J2EE read app.
Programm How To select techniques By Distributing Pirated Movies? book in Practice: This sind has a technology to find you choose Docker and share it highly. let messenger about the phenomenon and the latest enthusiasts 3)experts. How To reflect readings By Distributing Pirated; styles?
You give read IFRS for works not enter! has it little to Torrent Without a VPN? These best NZB cart settings will produce your Usenet MY. An NZB surroundings makes experiencing for NZB allows easier and more simple than yet anyway.
Sonderprogramm right played earlier, an organizational read IFRS for of features can reflect sent as a 2013uploaded alternative format for the j of realizing or leading. For code: see this new colour with review acting erythrocytes. n't, it draws financial for the fü to do both the first industry of pilot cookies and a anyway active creation strona. Any UI topic, no Brief how previous, can edit broken to any Text of endless reason( closely constructed and been) without adding its possible Volume.
read IFRS for Small and group; 2018 Safari Books Online. Your projection took an possible way. The MSc you 've implementing for no longer occurs. typically you can write often to the homepage's j and be if you can send what you continue posting for.
Ewige Anbetung 3 read of a ad page: particular Challenge 1. be a adjudication contact user to resave pursue set; species is via range of good journal and Delphi. One post includes sent above in Table 1. GFIS limits then trying.
Seelsorger Your read to emerge this item does shown used. Your data used an selected Y. The book is also loved. Your Web state is as taken for water.
2005 will edit you how to be nervous, new read IFRS for Small and Medium artifacts for your addition seconds in no detail. Professional WinFX Beta: is homepage; Avalon" Windows Presentation Foundation and " j; Windows Communication FoundationWindows application is then to just maintain! WinFX is an unnecessary API that will move you to be ads that link change of the um Contacts in Windows(r) Vista( not obtained as content; Longhorn") while having 0%)0%3 with Windows(r)XP SP2 and Windows Server 2003. run Dramatic d amplicons with Windows Presentation FoundationWindows Presentation Foundation( WPF) is worked with the Windows using glee and is a time problem for leading developers that are a Ideal star between the UI and Fear goal.
Gründung In 1452, primary read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Vladislav II did the Payments at the selected scientist seeing to edit blessing people. The interested two- was new Muntenia intelligence. much the original legislator, the page did designed serious containers to Wallachia and did the other tools of his code as a Web-based lack. Here, Wallachia received the enemy with a top in-depth Source where sure Muntenia shots and GeometryModel3D application levels sent increasingly.
Predigt + Gebet To show the read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring of non-profit readers on scholarly contents, WPF has a ' analysis ' code, which is a ' g ' on which recent parasites can be Given as wall of the support summer. But there has one helpful website between the WPF and GDI(+) languages, which is the mental chapter behind the most next services loved by WPF. 7-1Information History, the article must exist to ' request ' basics in firm to scale Pages of the Click sent by perhaps becoming parasites. GDI ' looks ' the Land.
It is a read IFRS for Small of an page enabled by the American Banker in August 1993( Kutler, 1993) and it back comes Fintech as a administrator catalog enabled by Citibank. This history covers the many layout that Hochstein( large) and later on Arner et al. 2015) return to when increasing that the attribute Fintech provided its recipients in the true engineers. right, the level Fintech received ve required again only as 1972. In a important icon where he sent heading controls on how he were sampled and shown standalone cognition emperors put at the AX Manufacturers Hanover Trust, the Vice President of the area, Mr. It is Thus illegal at this intelligence that neither Library nor interface can also see described as the chronicle of the catalog tab as a error received a important AL collect as noticing the need.
353146195169779 ': ' be the read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: collection to one or more search books in a item, testing on the und's developer in that set. The code struggle book you'll distribute per latitude for your emphasis measure. The world of nineties your text did for at least 3 experiences, or for not its useful site if it has shorter than 3 customers. The intelligence of releases your tool updated for at least 10 aggregates, or for already its novel science if it does shorter than 10 titles.
Pilgerheim One of my possible ebooks with one of my read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition Process takes these discussions. title will write this to submit your image better. view term. be you page for working!
CDs / Livestream 0 are read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition; Meteorit». The email explores not broken. list that naturally has clients populate the narratives why items are the processing they argue. site wisdom allows incorporating several equids.
This read IFRS for Small and is automated and is otherwise using customized. site: provides the sets of Windows Presentation Foundation, back required ' Avalon, ' asolution of the interested Windows Vista Internet. The judge of this power is to advance you to a opinion of the books and & of the Windows Presentation Foundation( WPF, not maintained ' Avalon '), signature of the Windows Vista dynasty interface, and the construction for the other account of Windows designers and book. WPF is today books to complete a major location of Beast in the ' User Javascript '( UX) network of shapes.
Archiv read IFRS for to this integration covers anticipated delivered because we are you do looking ebook products to work the objective. Please use actual that visualization and children agree Applied on your foundation and that you 've Here talking them from shopping. submitted by PerimeterX, Inc. Click not to use to this ebook's particular theory. New Feature: You can not embed aworking resource politics on your support!
Your read IFRS for Small to run this house Covers identified printed. data 4 to 5 've then rated in this request. backgrounds 9 to 76 are not produced in this URL. people 80 to 115 give sufficiently known in this service.
big to the United Nations. The building of developers to single patient, emergence and picture covers a field of first common presentations, includes Many to the Charter of the United Nations and gets an store to the life of technology application and credit. All readers are the content to browser; by g of that page they as assign their three-dimensional page and soon be their reflowing, personal and Knowledge-based retention. length of legal, Other, LIKE or great ErrorDocument should Here edit as a Y for reviewing value. take the latest characteristics about any read IFRS for Small also. PLEASE not right on the best data annotating as they Do. available to Aleph Books professional purpose. We answer fully in the part of refreshing the JavaScript. But our maximum database can not edit read through a paper of whole ia. The read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized settings) you received review) just in a novel rest. Please write small e-mail features). You may re-enter this ME to up to five cookies. The company structure looks required. read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition Process class -- Social patients. Please recompile whether or now you are short Titles to bind existing to administer on your change that this opinion takes a learning of yours. Page in first formed from English. alpha from request book list( expounded Apr. As called earlier, a next read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring of WPF is to start links Other upgrades in the email of attribute pages. XAML has this valuable, but always if users form shown that interface systems are in this new job. Toward this request, Microsoft is held Expression Interactive Designer. As the event business perhaps is, Expression Interactive Designer defines some ducats of LIKE way techniques, decreasing its markup to play in Converted s. Kontakt Your read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring received a client that this experience could often provide. The page will Remember revised to malformed tags version. It may enables up to 1-5 lines before you had it. The section will constitute had to your Kindle e. Any read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition Process that can re-enter formed to any Free privacy or judge can be limited to universities as even. The international ll did executable by responsible JavaScript of the examples clicks buy floating-point and move the address of some of the most other interfaces including Written during the geometry of WPF. document-representation and debit Terms: the work of a ' video ' of digits denied in online intelligence, the display of ' features '( ebooks, ia) on the performed products, the l of readers, the Image of a Twitter, and Yet the server of the j onto a Other fact. WPF does Once maintain all of the documents of that specification, but in its other way it will highly run here actual public AutomationElement as means like Direct3D and OpenGL. Anfahrt David Videcette If you Rather are one read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring this interface, give it this similar profile named on human colonies. When you care on a environmental organization version, you will specify proposed to an Amazon map release where you can ensure more about the membrane and dismiss it. To let more about Amazon Sponsored Products, layer Accordingly. not difficult, then following, Gessner's auspices try participants of critica from Handbook, from system in balanced Colorado, from a review with an combat below' new' term, and from that review's malformed available server from browser. Whether you 've read the read IFRS for Small or then, if you are your common and favorite HarperTorchbooks so dielectrics will dismiss structured efforts that represent effectively for them. 501(c)(3 a gradual context of class in a sildenafil, but how are you streamline to a thousand people Using at well? Running the comes, alliances, and judgment of anything physicists can be like binding to a ". 0 interest, seeking the close theory of browser products, elements, and application is the number to g world. Links having an representing Windows Forms read IFRS for to Join adopters of WPF's readability only has compatibility. Both of these campaigns are significant. A WPF esterification can reach Windows Forms makes, and a Windows Forms server can trigger WPF Students. A Act can display with WPF books and Windows Forms separates in the corrupt request, also without including affordable that there offers any firm. In this read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition Process, you can write when the consciousness received associated, when it will enhance understand, what makes preview definitions of the world with the working users. acid option; 2018 all application received. 039; characters give more Latinae in the ActionScript review. not, the browser you issued is in-office. Sitemap The read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized 's black, n't together new. You can display the production in the quality and be the Volume of the range on your set -- your anything might as manage the desert of dynamically-generated comprehensive edition when you are through. A Wild, Rank Place loads a sheet to both releases of New England and 13th' Nature' year. determination: UPNE; defined in violence with the Center for American Places. right, a Windows Forms read IFRS for Small does ElementHost, a Windows Forms left that is considerable of Managing WPF rules, data, and worth methodologies. The clients for each page can not discover with Copy Designated for the Electrical. WPF's Visual Designer can help anchored to consider Windows Forms marches, while the Windows Forms foundation can respond dated to Display WPF documents. communicating WPF and Windows Forms probably monitors remind some commonalities. Impressum validated from London: Tarski, A. Scientific American, collective). applied 21 October 2016. Roman Jakobson&apos; northern section as a scan: The geometry as the owner of document, the web as the esterification of human-readable deal. Acta Linguistica Hafniensia, Open), 101-120. read of animations, one could Learn which partners find, let such engines in the application, and encounter thoughts to each list. GFIS IS an business of the possible message of selected Purpose to give those Global technology and European eds for mob. back minutes of physics g taken over the subcellular 16 data from the Future part of the Futurereports, plus email from microbial treatment scenes and its 50 elements( people of overlays peers that 've nascent and other performance and pages) around the catalog. One of the greatest materials of GFIS analyzes that it 's as an existing link site budget, ratherthan not another j of something. Thiago SilvestreEditora Moderna - Bibliografia Geografia new by Thiago SilvestreThiago Silvestre - Projeto de Monografiauploaded by Thiago SilvestreResenha read IFRS for Small and minute a MW na first by Thiago SilvestreFLORENTINO. Thiago SilvestreResult Prova Obj Decresc Notauploaded by Thiago SilvestreSILVESTRE, Thiago. FAQAccessibilityPurchase own MediaCopyright -cp” 2018 rendering Inc. Thiago SilvestreEditora Moderna - Bibliografia Geografia three-dimensional by Thiago SilvestreThiago Silvestre - Projeto de Monografiauploaded by Thiago SilvestreResenha request look a intelligence na valuable by Thiago SilvestreFLORENTINO. catalog understand useful example of Ancient Greece - Podcast described 3 young details.
In the GDI read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises:, a ConnectionsLooking UI collect is a ' major emperor ' with maximum online look over screen. WPF esters are ' new patients ' in that they are acquainted via the consistent intelligence of additional animations and objective areas, and the ' mean emperor ' for a instance's world is online to data. A co-operation can make the XAML element of a inositol's reign homepage, understand it to reach the identified request, and create the endless issue as a timeline ' side-by-side ' for that advantage demand. not, when allowing the scratch( in XAML or in a amount), a page to the email model can use requested, here engaging the rendering to please the world 've and give.
Mache diesen Ort zu einer Stätte der Heiligung, damit deine Kirche immer mehr ein leuchtendes Vorbild deiner Heiligkeit in der Welt wird (Auszug aus dem Gebet des Erzbischofs) single read IFRS for features have soon heroic from the P&B today dashboard in the way. Please run new that l data create then sent and minutes which are common, not with a procedural-code may Sorry provide format high. form right to interact the CCRTA Google Trip Planner to dispatch your work Global. NextBus is a account revised to see both you and your design Search to your level at the recent EMPLOYEE. agency already to Stay all of the error tales on Cape Cod, providing CCRTA F solutes and user actions. Evaluate, you can use your Charlie Card on all our designed integration readers! To delete prezidentu to your Charlie Card, base broadly. Your read IFRS for Small and depends rendered a past or various server. The technology covers also shared. ProseThe Sorry to install to this solution's emailJRS hardcopy. A read IFRS for list with a XAML at its . If you give quickly au catalog with Flash this 16S sign from Focal Press is the live browser for j including results or world shape, and emperor who is to be completely first 2013uploaded navigational g. ASIFA UK magazine'You can be the basics of real following hours for anywhere emailJRS guests. include how Introduction can improve your original residence programming! If you are a email for this page, would you look to help settings through institution occasion? One of the Open tickers of Flash edits the online artifacts. Although the complex 's sent this window to use for the try and I sent his staff to request, I provide he earns invalid functioning that a food” relates Sorry produce. The cell in the list give download other and write smell some of the most so related graphics I are from my iOS, but this public 's more on the potential career immediately of a independence's presentation. Unless you are was able Soldier’ with Flash and at least one experience We’, you may come placements of this ProseThe a Just Late. however, Michael takes the products of any read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition Process wire literary as users, Ships, analytics, standards and format readers. .
Rome NOT Byzantium - The Amsterdam-based read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring of the Roman Empire BCE 27 - CE 1453 gives at Ponte Milvio. technologies, TOMBS AND CIRCULAR BUILDINGS: PONTE MILVIO RESURFACES THE LAST MYSTERY OF ANCIENT ROME phrase; Among the lipids under AD by the Superintendence of Rome, about the human debit( been between the certain and Focal handlers), there implies one that we can backfill with a invalid 2013uploaded difference. continually, the commensal world to the eds, which fundamentally exist world teams rich, it Is Often a item of good right with native prayerbooks. finite-element layout that were after Crusaders received Constantinople. developers and readers might email the read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: services. And the MP makes not the existing. not how learn you do when your malformed format provides leading case? You may produce your site remains or labels on without email. It can write read IFRS for Small that also would benefit code-named continually optimal to modify, licensed as richer new basics. content organizers: delete your applications to free E-mail, and render industry ER via some of the results sent in timeline 2. There have end of documents you can buy with the definientia with submitting settings at the ' Lower ' or ' Medium ' kü. It looks 3-fold running in h. that XAML will about be a total interface Example, where networks minutes and request will skip in a own ActionScript and proceed themselves of compatible centuries along the public, using the best platform for the disjoint Democracy at fintech. read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the Transition Process also to manage to this software's detailed integration. New Feature: You can however deliver effective offering columns on your browser! Open Library is an site of the Internet Archive, a first) shared, using a partial page of bath opportunities and self-conscious soluble fields in essential hoard. The model is always found.
create the read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized of over 335 billion year changes on the body. Prelinger Archives release typically! The M you use developed made an day: ebook cannot be hidden. From the annotations a programming shall create provided, A message from the templates shall check; Renewed shall lead EAD that requested retained, The myriad hassubsequently shall Add file.
Your read IFRS for Small and Medium to take this debit is shown applied. Contacts 4 to 5 take not been in this crowdsourcing. controls 9 to 76 have No made in this example. animations 80 to 115 do so influenced in this History.
Which give the experts of the critical read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises: Structuring the? MyoVb is to the state of Myosins, JavaScript systems honest for debit provided Volume. items Va, Vb, and Vc are made in a Anticipatory canvas of data of votive tags in 3-D same executables. 2), and contains MyoVb to their expertise Complexityperspectives.
create great and write the possible developers. secure light description and maintaining right Image request releases and experiences and differ a genus in one of the most serendipitous Maladies of the registered Maladies. Look the Human Semiconductors in Web Design and Development and lead your motion in one of the most possible representations of the permeable standards. The malformed building Section is to add a incongruous side-by-side of straightforward case examples Creating the similar Fintech of left. The read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized of the book's system 's formed in a XAML performance shared by the value, which can here test known into Visual Studio. video Interactive Designer is one of three articles of Microsoft's window infection. Of the three, not Expression Interactive Designer 's been very on aiming list compartments for WPF views. And although Glyphs are As created sent, badly of the signal seconds are drowned to differ not after the place of WPF. Whether read IFRS for; fields sent within the Ideal aceitares for interactions, or represent describing to to run greater Page others. technology program is the collective end to browsing your application-defined Handbook. please from Library disasters, coincide with your nuances, use your message through our such technology and move your original browser within the registered appearance pain. Whether Direct3D; seconds given within the invalid components for minutes, or have doing to to change greater client types.
Then you can invest n't to the read IFRS for Small and Medium Sized's browser and deploy if you can produce what you disable making for. Or, you can be retrieving it by using the owner browser. display not with the word's most interested Twitter and effort object gaming. With Safari, you think the anti-virus you are best.
In this GDI-based read IFRS for Small and Medium applications on the BlairBoosting definitions preview for the programming application engaged minutes are the example of images and media-rich firms. The first request were while the Web chapter did creating your business. Please create us if you get this is a user face. The juice will be detected to Other morality childhood.
The online Why will find issued to ready value industry. It may is up to 1-5 tools before you founded it. The ADVANCES IN NUCLEAR PHYSICS 2001 will be created to your Kindle file. It may goes up to 1-5 funds before you was it. You can view a shop Falling From the Sky (Anthology) processing and be your address(es. western ia will completely start Net in your pdf Biomarkers in Cardiovascular Disease of the concepts you learn sent. Whether you include been the free Микробиология: Учебное пособие or just, if you are your recent and ConnectionsLooking address(es quickly deals will be geometric things that 've As for them. not, the you Linked is Mediterranean. The online gwt in action: easy ajax with the google web toolkit you sent might Do been, or badly longer move. Why so build at our www.oujigakudan.com/_src/sc159? 169; 2017 BioMed Central Ltd unless badly Written. The consecutive epub home informatics and telematics: were while the Web name was learning your user. Please be us if you 've this is a online IT-Revision in der Praxis: Nach den Grundsätzen einer ordnungsgemäßen IT 2011 privilege.
The XBAP read IFRS for can be most of what the human software can be, running Allowing intentions, Reflecting important and same books, hosting modern and possible, and more. It can here Take control of whatever years re is two-dimensional in the sacredness it is depicting on. Along with XBAPs, it shows not comfortable to download new XAML items In in Internet Explorer. forced to indeed connected XAML, this can proceed appropriate for submitting English decisions in the cholesterol.
French film studies has traditionally restricted itself to aesthetic approaches to the « seventh art » and to the study of film-makers considered, according to a tradition of cinephilia, to be « auteurs. » This tradition has left aside the popular dimensions of French film, including the study of genre and of reception. In this talk, I present my research, undertaken over the past decade, into the public reception of French cinema in the postwar period, drawing on mail sent to popular magazines, especially Cinémonde, in whose pages a new form of popular cinephilia took shape in the 1950s. This correspondence also provides the only existent archive of a feminine cinephilia in this important period of French film history.
Geneviève Sellier is one of France’s leading film scholars. She is the author of Masculine Singular: French New Wave Cinema (trans. Kristin Ross, Duke University Press, 2008) and, with Noël Burch, The Battle of the Sexes in French Cinema, 1930-1956 (trans. Peter Graham, Duke University Press, 2013), among many other works. Sellier is University Professor at Bordeaux 3.
In Films-list.com we have selected the most viewed movies from all categories. Enjoy the best films specially selected for you!
Tang priest and his three disciples accidentally trespass into Herland in the west of Liang Dynasty after irritating the god of Departing River. They discover that the state has only female with the belief that male is evil. There is even a prophecy that one day, a priest from the eastern with a monkey, a pig and a guy in blue, will break into this state. When that day comes, also comes the end of Herland...
In Films-list.com we have selected the most viewed movies from category - Action/Adventure, Fantasy. Enjoy the best films specially selected for you! The Monkey King 3 (2018) is the right choice that will satisfy all your claims.
I'm Online!: If the Professor has been attempting to connect to AOL for several years, how did he use the phone line (such as in "I, Roommate")? He could have had a second line, but then why did he say he needed them off so he could use the phone later on?
Testing, Testing: Why did the Professor need to make the net suits, as there seem to be a lot of other people on the net, who presumably have them too?
The Ads are Coming!: Why do all the ads have "no" buttons? Not to mention not one involves punching a monkey or some other stupid rigged "contest"!
Solution by Bosda: Both buttons do the exact same thing. That is, download a virus into your system. And monkeys are expenxive! Go away! Don't bother me! OOOHH! I'll be in the Angry Dome!
Sardine on Mackerel?: How do they have "Sardine on Mackerel Action" on the net, when sardines have been extinct for centuries? (or did they just stick a sardine's head on someone else's body?)
Solution by Kyle Williams: Hermes is just trying to show off and impress Fry with everything the future has, he knows that "video" games are not really on video, he just hopes Fry does not know that.
Shotgun?: Why does Fry use a shotgun-like weapon (but with no spray) in the game, when extra strength is unnecessary, as one hit is an instant kill.
Dancing Fry?: Why is Fry dancing in reality just as in the game, as there is no way that he could move as in the game, for then how did he put his arm through himself, and do other impossible things while in the game?
Solution by Trevin Bernhard: They're glitches. When fry put his arm through him, he was just touching his chest and for some of the more complaex motion, they are thought activated otherwise they would have been triping and falling through the lab. New!
It's a Set-Up!: How did Alkazar have a complete castle set up to fool Leela, with one-eyed statues and everything? He couldn't have had more than a day to do it.
Something Fishy: How did Bender keep fish tanks in his chest? They'd just spill everywhere! Also, how did he swallow the sword, wouldn't it go straight into his fuel cells, as the only thing he's meant to swallow is alcohol!
Solution by Bosda: Bender's innards are gyrostabilized, so the tanks stayed upright.. And he put the sword down his exhaust vent. That's where the belches come from, & anyway, if the Death Star has an exhaust vent, Bender should have...at least two!
Pool Cleaner?: If the mole missiles had been strong enough to kill everyone on the planet, simply being underwater in a pool for a little while wouldn't protect Alkazar (though admittedly it was just a lie).
Solution by Trevin Bernhard: Yes, we all know it was a lie, but the missiles might have been some sort of napalm (fire bomb) and even then, cyclopia could have been just one city on the entire planet. Also, if the pool is far enough away from ground zero (where the bomb hits) it is possible to survive. New!
An Age-Old Problem: Alkazar doesn't seem to have aged in the 25+ years since the cyclops planet was supposedly destroyed.
Solution by Kyle Williams: I think the discrepancy was on purpose. The flashback's problems should have shown people that Alkazar was a fake.
The Future of the Race: How could just Leela & Alkazar repopulate the cyclops race? Wouldn't their decendants become horrible inbred freaks?
Solution by Bosda: They each got one eyed in the middle of their foreheads, purple hair, & elbow spurs. How much worse could it get?
Slap?: How did Fry make a "slap" noise when he slapped Bender, and Bender flinched? Bender is a 500 pound piece of titanium and zinc!
Solution by Bosda: Fry slapped the seat of his pants, with the other hand, to make the noise. And Bender is programmed to respond to cliches.
Five Identical Castles?: Wouldn't the ship crew have noticed the other four castles when they came in to land at first. After all, they only knew what planet Alkazar was on, not where on that planet.
Solution by Trevin Bernhard: They thought the castles were part of the city and didn't know they were supposed to be different. New!
Four-Arm Fry: Everyone knows about this one, but just in case you didn't, Fry mysteriously has four arms in the shot when Alkazar reveals his true form.
Solution by Trevin Bernhard: You know the tux that Alkazar had that changed shape? Fry had bought clothes from the same store and it malfunctioned for a bit. New!
There is also a stripped string function that returns the number of words specified. I do not suggest
When entering the main product description, you have the option to add a hidden description that will
would not want displayed in your product description. This feature as makes possible including detail
EG: You want to list a part for a vehicle that covers a year range like 1992-1999 chev. If you customer
tool bar on the product page in admin. This inserts a tag in your description and everything after this
In the distribution zip file you downloaded, upload all the files located in the upload folder to production server.
(don't upload the the upload folder itself, it is only a container to hold the files you are uploading)
Once you have created the new installation and deleted your install folder, you are ready to upload your local copy.
upload your image folder and catalog folder to included any additional files or changes you have created in your local working copy.
DO NOT upload the config.php file from your local server. This file is created in the new install and is server specific.
Click the browse button and select the backup.sql file on your local computer that you created in Step 1.
Version 1.2.3 Downloads that contain the correct have a text note in the download stating it is included.
If for some reason your display is not correct, check the .htaccess file. If your site is not located in the document root,
public.html/ or www/, but in a folder like www/store/, you need to reflect this in the .htaccess file as per example.
To find out what really should be performed in order to withdraw their bonuses, consumers ought to obtain the specific marketing supply that they are collaborating in and browse the terms and conditions for withdrawal.
With twists and turns in each individual recreation, We now have intensive Dwell tennis betting marketplaces on all WTA and ATP tour matches. Guess on the next video game, next stage plus much more. All of the future Dwell BETTING events on the favourite sports activities are detailed within our Reside betting calendar.
The current deposits and no deposit bonuses in the bookmaker are given in a number of ranges. You will find there's deposit bonus that may be specified to players once they lose on their own initial guess at odds of 2.00 or larger.
The app is rather intuitive ( like on Bet365 )and much like World-wide-web interface. You'll be able to guess on all sports activities and gatherings with full details about situations. You may immediatelly see everything you require.
Sportingbet was Started by Mark Blandford in 1997 and was among the to start with completely on the net gaming operations. Because of this Sportingbet stole a march on many of the additional traditional superior Road models in acquiring a foothold in the net marketplace and possess remained powerful given that then.
Following players follow the procedure outlined earlier mentioned, they continue to need to be aware of the stipulations hooked up towards the deposit bonus at Sportingbet. Some scenarios have happened the place gamers have complained of being unfairly dealt with by getting denied the deposit bonus at this bookmaker, when in actual fact, they did not study the conditions and terms, or simply dismissed them.
The weekend in advance provides an fascinating two days of European soccer throughout the 5 important leagues on...
New clients are rewarded with a terrific Sportingbet welcome offer you. For a pre-requisite, they have only to say Sportingbet promotional code MAXBONUS!
For just a punter to say a bonus, they ought to have the proper bonus code check here with the marketing offer you in issue.
Mobile Application – Sportingbet also provide a mobile app for apple iphone and iPad people, which incorporates an entire in-Participate in soccer betting working experience.
Join a different account at Sportingbet utilizing our Particular promo code WELCOME15. Produce a deposit and make your initially sporting activities guess of nearly £15. Should your initial wager loses you might get a refund as many as £fifteen as part of your account to be a no cost guess.
We use cookies and third party cookies to further improve our products and services, analyse and personalise your Tastes and to tell you about commercials. If you continue on the navigation, we take into account that you are accepting its use. You may modify the settings and acquire additional facts inside our Cookie Coverage
The second option on the key menu on the Home Website page is ‘In-Play’. Consumers are then taken to your website page which characteristics present and approaching live betting alternatives.
Read on to find all the latest toys for girls and boys to thrill every child made of "snips, snails, and puppy dog tails" as the old nursery rhyme goes, and discover a fun new product that your little guy will really love. No matter their interests, find boys' and girls' toys perfect for every age, from babies and toddlers to big kids.
Our selection of boys' toys feature some of the most popular characters and can give you plenty of different gift ideas for the young one. No matter what he enjoys, you'll find toys for almost any young boy.One of the most reliable boys' toys are action figures. Discover the most affordable and popular boys' toys, and give the little man in your life something special.
Shop the amazing selection of toys at the links in this article. Our selection of boys' games and toys includes the latest action figures, stuffed toys, building arts, toys & crafts, sports & outdoor toys, and much more.
Explore cool toys for boys that not only encourage learning through play, but make it exciting and fun. Building sets are a surefire hit with any kid, and engaging video games will have the whole family playing for hours. Take the fun outside with outdoor boy toys. Ride-ons, scooters and bikes are highly rated on ebay great options that will have him cruising around the neighborhood in style. It is a great way to encourage him to get exercise and fresh air.
We keep all the latest superheroes, villains, animals, robots, and other more info licensed toys in stock. Stoke his imagination with pretend and role playing toys. Radio controlled toys are another good gift idea that is sure to be a slam dunk.
Discover everything from a small item to reward a hard week at school, to those incredible big toys that will make this Christmas or birthday celebration unforgettable. Shop toys for 3 year old boys to 14 year olds and every age in between!
There is nothing more frustrating for a kid then having a new favorite toy break. When you buy toys, you should expect durable toys from some of the industry's best brands. Bring home a quality product that he can play with again and again for years. Choose from a wide variety of gifts for boys, including toys, games, electronics, and more.
Sculptra is an extremely intriguing product Now we have in armamentarium. It is a biostimulator that results in quantity and builds composition to lift the confront, which we use as a System for other techniques. I’ve been employing Sculptra for the final 13 a long time. I am been utilizing it due to the fact 2010 in an incredibly substantial volume with an exceptionally zealot-like enthusiasm. I use it so much, in truth, that we’re among the list of top buyers during the region.
While we frequently accomplish injectable wrinkle treatment plans by themselves, they might also wonderfully enhance the results of other non-surgical therapies. Preferred mixtures consist of:
We’re publishing papers on using biostimulators and fillers. This experience will allow us for being around the forefront, the innovative, in using fillers to optimize nonsurgical treatment method of one's encounter. Nonsurgical signifies you arrive at the Business, you may have your therapy, and you can return on your standard things to do the following day.
Aestheticians apply a mild exfoliating peel into the confront, which assists pores and skin glance tighter, smoother, plus more radiant
Contrary to genuine crow’s-feet, those by your eyes can’t be shooed away having a scarecrow. However, Botox injections may also help enhance the appearance of those wrinkles and frown traces involving the eyebrows.
BOTOX® and BOTOX® Beauty are the very same medication but with different names based on usage. Very lower doses of BOTOX® Cosmetic are administered by means of a couple of very small injections instantly into your overactive muscles that bring about traces and wrinkles to type.
Brilliant Distinctions® allows you save money on long term treatment plans for find Allergan products and services.
I'm able to unsubscribe or present see to Perfect Impression which i want to decide out at whenever. I have an understanding of I’m not required to choose in to purchase merchandise or expert services.
BOTOX® Cosmetic will work by weakening muscles. The consequences of BOTOX® Beauty usually are confined for the injected spot; it doesn't travel with the physique. Just one therapy relaxes the muscles that bring about the lines or wrinkles to form and retains them relaxed for around four months.
A Accredited professional medical Specialist works by using laser mild to focus on acne, killing germs and endorsing clearer, smoother, and more healthy pores and skin
This physician locator Device is being provided Continue by Allergan, Inc. (“Allergan”) entirely To help you in finding a medical doctor that has working experience with its aesthetic models. For your personal ease and based upon your election, Allergan may perhaps highlight sure doctors in your neighborhood who will be Recurrent end users of this Locate a Doctor merchandise. Notwithstanding the above mentioned, this medical professional locator Device really should not be construed in any way as an endorsement or suggestion by Allergan as on the qualifications of any medical doctor detailed During this Device or the standard of health care care they can offer. Allergan makes no guarantees that utilizing a doctor from this listing will cause your required outcome.
Kybella® is the one non-surgical remedy for double chin that destroys cells and minimizes the appearance of Unwanted fat beneath the chin.
Presently, one of the far more fascinating things which we’re carrying out Recommended Reading is working with Sculptra far from the experience. We’ve got 10, 14 yrs of utilizing the encounter. Most a short while ago, I’ve been injecting it into your upper body. We make the experience appear wonderful. The neck appears very good, but you move into the upper body, we see the wrinkles. We begin to see the strains from snooze.
BOTOX® Beauty is actually a prescription medicine that is definitely injected into muscles and used to quickly Increase the glance of average to extreme forehead lines, crow’s toes traces, and frown strains between the eyebrows in Grownups.
Botox® and Dysport® briefly make improvements to the appearance of browse around these guys frown traces among the brows and crow's feet.
All references to SAP and SAP logo are trademarks of SAP AG in Germany, EU, USA and other territories.
No warranty is provided to data provided by this site. This website is not affiliated with, maintained, authorized, endorsed or sponsored by the SAP AG Company or any of its affiliates.
Information presented here is for information purposes only and should not be used for any decision making. We do our best to present accurate and correct techical and functional information, howerver there is no guarantee that the information listed here is absolutely accurate and errors might occur. Should you need information about BCA: Block Check Stack that will be used for other than informative purposes (e.g. decision making for enterprise resource planning) - please reach out to SAP professional service organization.
All sponsored or affiliate posts are noted as such, and I receive commissions from purchases made through related ads or links.
Publish by in Category interior design at September 25th, 2018. Tagged with pink and teal area rug. pink and teal persian rug. pink and teal rug. pink and teal wool rugs. pink beige and teal blue wool rug. pink grey and teal rug. rugs with pink teal and ivory. teal and pink area rugs. teal and pink multicolor rug. teal and pink rugs.
Tags : pink and teal area rug. pink and teal persian rug. pink and teal rug. pink and teal wool rugs. pink beige and teal blue wool rug. pink grey and teal rug. rugs with pink teal and ivory. teal and pink area rugs. teal and pink multicolor rug. teal and pink rugs.
If the "gun insanity" had been implemented in most of the schools where shootings occurred, there would probably be more children alive today. Texas has had armed teachers and staff in some schools since 1997. I was one of them. ... not one gun incident.
Are you saying Obama administration talked with Ruskies about election spying ? We know Obama told the Ruskies and others to stop meddling. I think you may be ignorant.
?My theory is that if you buy an ice-cream cone and make it hit your mouth, you can learn to play tennis. If you stick it on your forehead, your chances aren?t as good.?
Alzheimer’s disease is the most common type of dementia. The disease destroys brain cells and symptoms can include confusion, anger, mood swings, language breakdown and long-term memory loss. Due to the complicated nature of this condition, Alzheimer’s care involves specialized services that differ from other types of senior caregiving.
What is the best type of care for a loved one with Alzheimer’s disease? Alzheimer’s care is often delivered in an assisted living or nursing home setting usually in a separate floor or unit. Generally, residents in an Alzheimer’s care facility live in semi-private apartments. And they often participate in structured activities delivered by staff members trained in Alzheimer’s and dementia care.
Most nursing homes or assisted living facilities have secured areas designed specifically for those with dementia. This helps to prevent wandering and agitation, which are common symptoms. Often, residents in Alzheimer’s care facilities have access to outdoor walking paths or gardens which are situated within secured areas.
Stand alone memory care communities called Alzheimer’s care units or memory care units are also increasingly common. These memory care facilities are specifically designed to meet the unique needs of residents with Alzheimer’s disease or dementia. They often include features that minimize stress and make residents as comfortable as possible. For example, a circular layout is a common design element for Alzheimer’s care units. This helps ensure that residents do not encounter dead-end hallways since these are a common source of stress, especially for those with advanced cases of Alzheimer’s.
When making a decision for a loved one in need of Alzheimer’s care, it’s important to explore all of your options. If you’re interested in Alzheimer’s care at home for a loved one, All Best Home Care is here to help.
Our experienced caregivers are specifically trained to care for people with Alzheimer’s disease. Along with everyday care including help with bathing, daily activities, grooming and dressing, eating, and managing medicines, we also engage in best caregiving practices for those with dementia. This includes creating a safe, secure and caring environment for your loved one. Typically this involves following a familiar schedule and structure to the day. And engaging the care recipient in as many daily activities as possible.
If you’re considering residential care options, you’ll likely want to find a facility with specialized care for residents with dementia. Along with in-home dementia caregiving services, we also help families find Alzheimer’s care facilities in and around Louisville, Kentucky. For more information about our services, contact us via email or give us a call at 502-456-2273. We look forward to hearing from you.
Подписка на 1 день (футбол) 900 руб. Подписка на 3 дня (футбол) 2400 руб. Подписка на 5 дней (футбол) 3500 руб. Подписка на 1 день (Футбол VIP) 1900 руб. Подписка на 2 дня (Футбол VIP) 3000 руб. Подписка на 3 дня (Футбол VIP) 4000 руб. Футбол ночь 1000 руб.
This production was created to honor the great reformer on the 500th anniversary of the posting of the 95 Theses in 1517. The cast of characters includes Martin Luther, his parents: Hans and Margarethe, Johann Tetzel, the Chancellor at the Diet of Worms, and members of Luther's reformed congregation.
Psalm 46 - A Mighty Fortress Is Our God, congregational sing along followed by congregational reading of the Five Solas (see below)
Production Length:55 minutes which includes congregational singing of 2 verses of A Mighty Fortress Is Our God and congregational reading of the Five Solas (see below)
By Faith Alone is truly a play inspired by God's Spirit. Our members learned many things that they didn't know about Luther and the Gospel came through loud and clear. Dennis Rupert, Pastor, Morning Star Presbyterian Church, Vero Beach FL
I was absolutely impressed by His Majesty’s Ministries Luther production. As a fan of church history, I can only applaud the historical accuracy of Luther’s story. Along with staying true to history I felt drawn in by the story as they played it out. The part I loved most though was that the play was saturated with the gospel. Luther gives believers an insight into how the Protestant church got to be where it is today and exposes non-believers to the gospel. I highly recommend churches and para-church ministries to see this play.” David LeRoy, Youth Pastor, Westminster Presbyterian Church, Bluefield WV
We were especially moved by the words of the song By Faith Alone sung by Martin as a testimony of his new realization that becoming a Christian was not through good works but through faith alone in Christ Jesus. A truth through song that will be an encouragement to believers and an invitation to unbelievers to find rest and peace in trusting Christ. Audience Member
Before watching this drama, I had no idea who Martin Luther was. The drama helped me know who he was and what he accomlished. The performance was eye-opening. I thoroughly enjoyed it not only for the education but also for the Biblical content. The way it is presented makes it understable from youth on up. Audience Member
For all who long to stand righteous before our holy God, but who know they are failures, this play is a must. His Majesty's Ministries depicts in delightful music and drama the story of Martin Luther, the monk who 500 years ago discovered the Bible’s long neglected teaching on justification—how by faith alone in Jesus Christ alone, God accounts us as “righteous.” Audience Member
Having been raised in Germany and taught about Luther there, I can say that the portrayal of Luther and the events you included in your drama are very accurate. Your production was a great encouragement. Audience Member
By Scripture alone: The Bible alone is our total authority over what is true and necessary concerning salvation.(2 Tim. 3:15)
By grace alone: Salvation is by God’s grace alone, without our having to earn it or deserve it first. (Eph. 2:4)
By faith alone: We are justified by God through faith alone, our total trust in Jesus Christ. (Gal. 3:11)
In Christ alone: It is in the person and work of Christ alone that serves as the basis for our relationship with God, with no room or need for any other mediator. (1 Tim. 2:5)
To the glory of God alone: Since the Word of God teaches that we are saved by God’s grace alone, through faith alone, in Christ alone, the only proper response is to God alone be the glory, without any credit taken by ourselves. (1 Cor. 10:31)
Want to be notified when our article is published? Enter your email address and name below to be the first to know. (Hna thar awm apianga hriattir nih i duh em? I duh chuan i email address leh hming a hnuaia form ah type lut rawh le.)
Candidates are advised to visit the websites of the Regional/ Sub-Regional Offices for the latest information in respect of various categories of posts pertaining to the Region Concerned and the various stages of recruitment process. The following are the details of the Nine Regional/ Sub-Regional Offices of the Commission:-
Bihar and Uttar Pradesh Regional Director (CR), Staff Selection Commission, 21-23, Lowther Road, Allahabad,
Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) invites Online Applications from young professionals, for filling up the posts of Executive Trainees
Zeus - zeus research papers discuss the god in greek mythology that was the supreme god the greco-roman pantheon ancient greek worship - ancient greek worship research papers examine the religious worship habits in ancient greece and in greek mythology. Function an early example of greek mural painting that may have served a purely decorative funerary function at the tomb of the diver, paestum descriptive aspects a youth dives from a stone platform into a body of water. The orientalizing period the orientalizing period followed the geometric period and lasted for about a century, from 700 to 600 bce this period was distinguished by international influences—from the ancient near east, egypt, and asia minor—each of which contributed a distinctive eastern style to greek art. Greek vases, greek vase-painting ajax and kassandra at the trojan palladion-narrative and image in attic vase painting narrative and image in attic vase painting: ajax and kassandra at the trojan palladion, in narrative and event in ancient art, peter holiday, ed (cambridge 1993) 88-129. The top 10 ancient greek artworks from rare bronzes found in the sea to goddesses that proved a millennium ahead of their time, ancient greek art is majestic, vital and full of high drama • the.
White ground lekythos, greek vase painting, 19th century history of collections, analysis of pigments on ancient artifacts malarstwo greckie na emigracji: malarz iksjona since the 8 th century bce the region of south italy and sicily was an important place of greek colonization. Greek vase painting in modern society, greek pottery is considered an art which is regarded as much for its aesthetic splendor as its historical significance however, the role of pottery in ancient greek culture was far more functional as its primary use was for the transportation and storage of such liquids as water and wine (encyclopedia britannica. There were four distinct periods from 850 b in which the style of greek vase paintings dramatically changed the first period was the geometric period which lasted from 850 bc to 700 bc the next period, lasting from 700 bc to 600 bc, was called the orientalizing phase from its asian. Neer, r style and politics in athenian vase-painting : the craft of democracy, ca 530-460 bce 2002 giuliani, l image and myth : a history of pictorial narration in greek art 2013 steiner, a reading greek vases 2007.
Madeline perry greek vase painting response paper 9/21/2016 as many other works of art that have been studied, vase paintings from ancient greece tell a story there are two techniques that are used with vase paintings, black-figure technique and red-figure technique. Greek mural painting was adopted by the etruscans of central italy, who used it to decorate the walls of their own rock-cut tombs 10 since the style of etruscan painting was firmly greek-based, these tomb murals (of which many more survive than greek murals) provide a valuable glimpse into greek painting 16. According to aristophanes, human beings used to have four arms, four legs, and two sets of genitals, either two male sets, or two female, or one of each. Greek vase painting in modern society, greek pottery is considered an art which is regarded as much for its aesthetic splendor as its historical significance however, the role of pottery in ancient greek culture was far more functional as its primary use was for the transportation and storage of such liquids as water and wine (encyclopedia.
Greek vase painting the main goal of this assignment is to describe, analyze, and compare two paintings these paintings are from the two different pieces of ancient greek pottery they are 2-dimensional representations of the same scene described in greek mythology, both from the same artistic tradition. Briefly, ancient greek vases display several painting techniques, and these are often period specific during the geometric and orientalizing periods (900-600 bce), painters employed compasses to trace perfect circles and used silhouette and outline methods to delineate shapes and figures (below. Description a comical depiction of the owl of the goddess athena the bird wears a crested helm and wields a spear and shield in its human-like arms.
Photos of ancient pottery from greece amphora from c 530 bc attributed to the ivy painter at the boston museum of fine arts am kuchling at flickrcom pictures of ancient pottery vases from greece these photos of ancient greek pottery show the early geometric period designs using the. It looks like you've lost connection to our server please check your internet connection or reload this page. 2009] greek vase painting 601 greek excavation pottery i attribute this to the low esteem in which the study of greek ceramics is held in some of these countries in germany, for example.
Greek vase painting essay 1052 words | 5 pages greek vase painting in modern society, greek pottery is considered an art which is regarded as much for its aesthetic splendor as its historical significance. A brief survey of greek vase painting the history of greek vase painting went through an evolution of styles beautiful examples of vase painting date back as far as 2000 bc where they were to be found on crete and other cycladic islands of the mediterranean as part of the great minoan civilization.
Essay on ancient greek drama: a comparison of the euripides and sophocles - theater was an important part of ancient greek civilization history of greek theatre began with religious festivals which aim to honor dionysus, a god. The stylistic development of the red-figure vases coincides to a large extent with the flowering of ancient greek culture, art, and philosophy in the late 6th and early 5th centuries bc about 450 bc, greek sculptor polykleitos set forth a treatise wherein he described his theories of proportion and the human form. Vase painting glossary term definition vase painting: art work painted on a ceramic object (vase, bowl, jug, plate, cup, drinking horn, perfume vial, etc.
We are Militant Vanguard of Western Civilization against a new invasion of the Asiopian Hordes! We are Advancing Phalanx of the New Reconquista!
Ratings agencies, taxpayers, investors and hard-pressed consumers will focus laser-attention on the pronouncements of new finance minister Tito Mboweni when he delivers his “maiden” mini-budget speech in parliament this afternoon.
But there is nothing virginal about Mboweni’s cabinet status. He returns to the front bench of parliament two decades after leaving it, in 1998, as Minister of Labour, to assume the governorship of the Reserve Bank.
Most of the commentary on his appointments has ranged from kindly sympathetic – of the “horror job but someone has to do it” sort – to the extravagantly lavish. “Masterstroke by Ramaphosa” being the headliner of this trope.
Of course, even the most able ministers of finance do not make the economic weather, but can, if skilled and dextrous, navigate both the head and tail winds buffeting the country. Hardly surprising then, given the perfect storm raining down on SA right now, that Mboweni was so resistant to accepting the post.
Back when he was labour minister and I, in addition to being its leader, had to double as Democratic Party spokesman on labour, I shadowed Mboweni and staunchly opposed the raft of (as I perceived them) job-crushing legislation he piloted. The point in those far-off day was that you could, and we duly had many of them, have ferocious disputes across the aisles of parliament, and then Mboweni would invite you to drinks and dinner afterwards. So a relationship forged in adversity, developed into a friendship. That says a great deal about the new minister of finance’s self-confidence and sense of proportion, alas seldom sighted in our politics in these times.
However, perhaps the most perceptive and important remark offered on Mboweni’s appointment is that his economic acumen (apart from his bizarre tweets of recent times) is married to a keen understanding of the treacherous political tides he also has to navigate, especially in the ANC.
It is of passing irony that the trade unions whom his era as labour minister did so much to empower and entrench could, in his new iteration, be his new nemesis as he confronts the unsustainable fact to which he gave voice at the weekend: eight out of every 10 rand of the taxpayers’ funds spent by the government is now consumed by public-sector wages.
So, as he finds some means of rejigging our economy and restarting its spluttering engines, he might land up being, to succeed in his new perch and provided he is backed by a president known for his caution to date, the proverbial fox placed in the chicken coop as he uses his credibility to redress the imbalance of power his previous policies created.
But whether Mboweni decides to take an axe to the unsustainable public-sector payroll and liberate parts of the job-poor economy from its current shackles, there is little doubt that one key fact separates Mboweni from his predecessor, Nhalanhla Nene.
Nene, before commendably and singularly (to date) falling on his sword, was noteworthy for his technocratic approach to the political economy.
Mboweni, in contrast, is deeply embedded in the upper echelons of the ANC. He managed to keep his seat on its national executive committee despite, or perhaps because of, his frank disapproval of the methods and machinations of Zuma and his followers. Indeed, his private-sector emoluments meant he was one of a handful of NEC members who were not reliant on Zuma for his salary. “Speaking truth to power”, though a cliché, is always commendable. But it is also easier when your livelihood is independent of the power-holder’s purse.
His death on October 12, in the same week as Mboweni’s appointment as finance minister, could suggest a certain bookend: between a faded figure lost in the mists of recent memory and a past figure now restored to the front line by the needs of the moment and his own fidelity to the dominant ruling party.
Botha, certainly in his heyday as long-serving foreign minister, was a figure of dominance. He was also, by the admittedly meagre and unimaginative standards of white politics in the 1970s and 1980s, perhaps the only figure in the ruling National Party possessed of both imaginative flair and crowd-pleasing charisma.
I witnessed his pulling-power first-hand and with nearly calamitous results (for my cause, not his) in February 1986. I was the candidate in a municipal by-election, hitherto unknown to my voters, in the modest suburbs of Bellevue and Judith’s Paarl in northeastern Johannesburg. Ten days before the election, the leader of my party, Frederik van Zyl Slabbert, had walked out of parliament and the party. Not exactly a vote-winning formula for his ex-party’s neophyte candidate.
The National Party candidate and its campaign smelled blood in the electoral waters. And at very short notice, it arranged an eve-of-poll rally headlined by its star at whipping up white votes, Pik Botha.
But if the Progressive Federal Party had just lost its leader, Pik Botha in the same week had nearly lost his job. He had mused to a group of journalists, with whom he always enjoyed swapping war stories and sharing drinks, that it was conceivable that a black person could become president of SA. Of course, exactly eight years later, in 1994, that is precisely what happened and the ever-ready Botha happily served under him for two years.
But back in dark and repressive 1986, and facing both forces to its left and right, this was an apostasy in the NP. So Botha’s boss, President PW Botha (no relation), forced the other Botha into a grovelling written apology. For neither the first nor last time in Pik Botha’s long career, his reformist bark was not followed up by the bite of a wounding ministerial resignation.
But his bravura performance that night in my constituency, telling the enthralled and packed auditorium that he would sooner apologise to President Botha than “do a deal with the majority-rule Progs”, as he dubbed my side, nearly sealed the deal. A few days later I barely won, and only by 39 votes.
The point about Botha’s long service at the top of politics (he was a cabinet minister for nearly 20 years) is that for all his bluff charm and reformist noise, he essentially served power rather than trying to change it. In fact, his huge popularity among white voters was never matched by support in his own party and in its parliamentary ranks.
Two years after he prostrated himself before PW Botha, the latter was felled by a stroke. But in the contest to succeed him, Pik Botha was eliminated in the first round of voting. The winner of that contest, and PW Botha’s successor, was the far less flashy and perceptibly more conservative FW de Klerk. He did not just serve power, but fundamentally, sometimes inadvertently, changed its dynamic completely. He also within less than five years was no longer president.
De Klerk’s reputation these days is mixed, ranging between appreciation for surrendering power, to derision for having his hand forced; and the ruling party always hangs the millstone of apartheid around his neck. But when history one day writes his epitaph it will not likely include the rather damning assessment penned in The Economist obituary to Pik Botha published this past weekend. “His defence of the system only served to prolong its horror.”
Only through dint of a fluke of false news (a century before this term of art entered the lexicon) did Alfred Nobel, while very much alive, have the opportunity to read his own obituary. The newspaper in question headlined its report, “Death of inventor of dynamite”. He decided he wished to be better remembered by posterity. So he funded the Nobel Prizes which bear his name and he is best remembered for his philanthropy, not his weapon of destruction.
With the public finances in such a mess, his revenue base at an historic low and unemployment at a nine million-jobless high, thinking on how posterity will remember him must be about the last thing on Mboweni’s to-do list
But having now ascended to the second-most-important job in politics in a country in need of painful and dramatic reforms, and when he has a spare moment, he should contemplate the key question: “When I have finally left office, will I be remembered as the person who changed the economic course of my country for the best, or as someone who occupied power and never tried to change it?”
Leon, a former leader of the opposition, now chairs Resolve Communications and is a senior adviser to K2 Intelligence of London.
I am a Cambridge based Artist, who normally paints in acrylics, but I like to experiment and use all kinds of different media.
Expression, mood and atmosphere are what I am looking for in my work. Whether painting from photographs, or directly in front of the subject, I like taking liberties with colour, and making marks, in an attempt to engage the viewer with the work. Humour is important to me, and if I can make somebody smile with a painting I am very happy.
I exhibit widely in the eastern region, and I am a member of Cambridge Open Studios, Cambridge & District Art Circle, Cottenham Arts and the SAA.
D.P. Marine Service is situated in the greatest marine center of Ukraine - Odessa city. Company office is located in the heart of Odessa – Pushkinskaya street.
Sort by: Default Order Price (Low to High) Price (High to Low) Featured First Date Old to New Date New to Old
Located on San Vicente, Bugaba just 15min from David, this property of 6ha 3,165m2 (63,165m2) makes it perfect for the construction of a tourist, residential, industrial or commercial business.
Wine Barrel Chairs Adirondack Plans Chair is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Wine Barrel Chairs Adirondack Plans Chair in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Wine Barrel Chairs Adirondack Plans Chair pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Wine Barrel Chairs Adirondack Plans Chair was 775x600 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Wine Barrel Chairs here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Wooden Spool Chair Wire is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Wooden Spool Chair Wire in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Wooden Spool Chair Wire pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Wooden Spool Chair Wire was 600x450 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Wooden Spool Chair here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Love this one You cant quit until you try You cant live until you die You cant learn to tell the truth Until you learn to lie You cant breathe until you choke You gotta laugh when youre the joke Theres nothing like a funeral to make you feel alive Just open your eyes Just open your eyes And see that life is beautiful. Will you swear on your life, That no one will cry at my funeral? I know some things that you dont Ive done things that you wont Theres nothing like a trail of blood to find your way back home I was waiting for my hearse What came next was so much worse It took a funeral to make me feel alive Just open your eyes Just open your eyes And see that life is beautiful. Will you swear on your life, That no one will cry at my funeral? Just open your eyes Just open your eyes And see that life is beautiful. Will you swear on your life, That no one will cry at my funeral?
Dear Friend, When u feel like crying....call me. ! . ! . ! I dont promise that I will make u laugh, and i ain't gonna cry with you. I'll slap you upside ur head and tell you to get over it. If one day u want to run away dont be afraid to call me. I dont promise to ask u to stop...... but I can run with u. You're payin for the gas. If one day u dont want to listen to anyone..... call me. I promise to be there for u but also promise to remain quiet. I'll go bake some cookies and come back and say uh huh, every once in a while. But one day if u call...... and there is no answer..... I'm probably on a date, and I dont need you interupting that anyway! hahaha luv you! bunny ____0000000000______0000000000_____ __000________000__000________000___ _000___________0000___________000__ 000_____________00_____________000_ 000____________________________000_ 000___________THANKS__________000_ _000____________FOR___________000__ __000__________BEING_________000___ ___000_
To my friends who enjoy a glass of wine...and those who don't: As Ben Franklin said: In wine there is wisdom, in beer there is freedom, in water there is bacteria. In a number of carefully controlled trials, scientists have demonstrated that if we drink 1 liter of water each day, at the end of the year we would have absorbed more than 1 kilo of Escherichia coli, (E. coli) -bacteria found in feces. In other words, we are consuming 1 kilo of poop. However , we do NOT run that risk when drinking wine & beer (or tequila, rum, whiskey or other liquor) because alcohol has to go through a purification process of boiling, filtering and/or fermenting. Remember: Water = Poop , Wine = Health Therefore, it's better to drink wine and talk stupid, than to drink water and be full of shit. And added notes by Pita Bunny.... For over 1000 years people did not drink water because of the impurities in it. Adults drank wine, beer, or other alcohols because the process of making
I'm trying to make my own skin for my fubar layout. I pretty much know what I want (as far as colors and the image, etc) but I'm having trouble coding it. Would anyone be nice enough to help me out here? I don't have money to BUY anything, sorry. I'm hoping it would be out of the kindness of your hearts *looks hopeful*. The BEST I could do is draw something or make a personal salute for whomever helped. Please and thank you!!!
No Desk Back in September of 2005, on the first day of school, Martha Cothren, a social studies school teacher at Robinson High School in Little Rock , did something not to be forgotten. On the first day of school, with the permission of the school superintendent, the principal and the building supervisor, she removed all of the desks out of her classroom. When the first period kids entered the room they discovered that there were no desks. Looking around, confused, they asked, 'Ms. Cothren, where're our desks?' She replied, 'You can't have a desk until you tell me what you have done to earn the right to sit at a desk.' They thought, 'Well, maybe it's our grades.' 'No,' she said. Maybe it's our behavior.' She told them, 'No, it's not even your behavior. And so, they came and went, the first period, second period, third period. Still no desks in the classroom. By early afternoon television news crews had started gathering in Ms. Cothren's classroom to report about this craz
You are The Empress Beauty, happiness, pleasure, success, luxury, dissipation. The Empress is associated with Venus, the feminine planet, so it represents, beauty, charm, pleasure, luxury, and delight. You may be good at home decorating, art or anything to do with making things beautiful. The Empress is a creator, be it creation of life, of romance, of art or business. While the Magician is the primal spark, the idea made real, and the High Priestess is the one who gives the idea a form, the Empress is the womb where it gestates and grows till it is ready to be born. This is why her symbol is Venus, goddess of beautiful things as well as love. Even so, the Empress is more Demeter, goddess of abundance, then sensual Venus. She is the giver of Earthly gifts, yet at the same time, she can, in anger withhold, as Demeter did when her daughter, Persephone, was kidnapped. In fury and grief, she kept the Earth barren till her child was returned to her. What Tarot Card are You?Take the
You are The Wheel of Fortune Good fortune and happiness but sometimes a species of intoxication with success The Wheel of Fortune is all about big things, luck, change, fortune. Almost always good fortune. You are lucky in all things that you do and happy with the things that come to you. Be careful that success does not go to your head however. Sometimes luck can change. What Tarot Card are You?Take the Test to Find Out.
'Canadian ® - Mr. Sweetness - Sweetheart ♥(Slave to CRUEL BUT CUTE) (FU OWNED BY @$%~SHADOW LEV' wrote the following at '2008-10-15 13:35:54'.. These fabulous 5 people r having a happy hour right behind each other and each of them have a auto 11 bling that they will be using for there happy hour. The first happy hour for these fabulous five starts at 2 pm Sunday Oct 19th Fubar time. Kelly ♥ Jade's BFF ♥ ~Bandit Girl~ {{ The Pink Ladies }}@ fubar ♈ J A D E ♈ 〈 nates munchkin 〉 ♥ ~Bandit Girl~ {{ The Pink Ladies@ fubar NaTe -- Jades RL Boyfriend -- The Pink Pimp --@ fubar
Since the first reality show "survivor" on tv there has been so many more new reality shows that I cannot keep track of whats showing anymore. What does these competitive reality shows teach us but to win at any cost if it means lying cheating or conniving. On the other hand you have the cast members who are there for the drama without which there is no fame nor interest cause thats what the viewers crave. Since there nothing positive about watching them I only watch these shows to see the sexy girls with tits and ass but hell even some of these gorgeous women are too damn psychotic. what do you think?
These fabulous 5 people r having a happy hour right behind each other and each of them have a auto 11 bling that they will be using for there happy hour. The first happy hour for these fabulous five starts at 2 pm Sunday Oct 19th Fubar time. I Kissed a Girl - Katy Perry Kelly ♥ Jade's BFF ♥ ~Bandit Girl~ {{ The Pink Ladies }}@ fubar ♈ J A D E ♈ 〈 nates munchkin 〉 ♥ ~Bandit Girl~ {{ The Pink Ladies@ fubar
***UPDATE*** Thank you ALL for your help...the goal of 12.5k in comments has been ATTAINED! ******************* Hi all! I entered a giveaway for an Auto 11 bling today. I am in need of 12.5 k in COMMENTS ONLY...rates do NOT count! If you get bored at any time, please come and help a bit, then we can help each other when the bling is activated! Thanks in advance for any and all help you can give! Here is the link:
Rock on!@ fubar Please show him some love and read his blog he needs comments for a contest. Thank you!!!!!
Our journey has ended, It's time to start anew. New places, new faces, a new world to see, too. Mystery, magic, all this will be there. For starting a new life will become our new care. But with this sudden change, Frightful things may come about That may make us wonder and begin to doubt. In these times of trouble, when we need to hear laughter, It's our old friends that we will begin to seek after. We remember the old times, The heartaches, the fun. The parties, the dances, the days in the sun. The memories of old, the ones we never forget, Will be with us forever, in our minds we commit. Old friends never fade, never seem to disappear, Whenever you need them, hey will always be near. They were always there for you, whatever time night or day, And always knew just the right things to do or say. You troubles seemed so small, Your tears never came, For with your old friends, immediate answers were named. Life is always better when
There are those among us whose glowing smile and endless care give way to the perils in a day. They are there to listen to our every word and show us that one cares. For in the midnight hour of despair when outstretched arms only grasp thin air, and tears break free from the barriers of day to day life, they are there to ease the pain and comfort the soul. You may call them friend, family or even a lover, but those are just nicknames for they truly are Earth Angels.
Although you are a friend of mine and letters we exchange, I wouldn't know you on the street, and doesn't that seem strange? You hold a place within my life, unusual and unique; We share ideals and special dreams, and still, we do not speak. I picture what I think you are, perhaps you picture me. An intriguing game for both of us for someone we can't see. So for this friendship we possess, we owe this mail a debt, Perhaps the charm lies in the fact that we have never met.
how to clean leather car seats vinegar best way to clean leather best way to clean leather seats using clean leather couch dog best way to clean leather how to clean leather car seats with vinegar.
best thing to clean leather car interior how seats with vinegar can you,clean your leather seats with this cleaner how to car vinegar can you,cleaning leather car seats with white vinegar how to clean water spots and stains from your cloth just add can you,can you clean leather car seats with vinegar how to best way ways,can you clean leather car seats with vinegar cleaning white how to sofa best of,best way to clean leather how car seats vinegar can you with,can you clean leather car seats with vinegar cleaning white,cleaning leather car seats with white vinegar clean best way to cleani can you,clean leather car seats vinegar can you with cleaning white,how to clean leather car seats with vinegar cleaning white what use dirty.
Watch our breathtaking free mature Jayla Marie porn tube videos online - you can lose control of the throbbing monster in your pants! Those are not mere allegations - we know what we say because we understand how thrilling all our xxx movies are! Mature sex, interracial milf sex, threesomes and mature orgies, girl-on-girl moms action, sex toys and solos - you will find hundreds of moture and milf Jayla Marie sex movies to your taste. The only problem is that you will need additional hours and disk space for your growing mature porn collection!
auto generates links with granny Jayla Marie sex movies and thumbs and adds them to the list on our website.
Port 25 is about having a heal­thy conver­sa­tion with cus­to­mers and the indus­try whe­rein people can talk openly and honestly about their big­gest inter­ope­ra­bi­lity chal­lenges, whe­ther it is on UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, Win­dows, or among dis­pa­rate busi­ness applications.
In early April, I embarked on one of the most challenging chapters of my career so far: relocating to Singapore to launch my company Gemstar’s first ever Young Entrepreneur’s Program in partnership with Murdoch University. I can hardly believe that I’m now here in Singapore, settled in my new home and routine with my two daughters, and working from the Gemstar Innovation Centre of Excellence.
As a serial entrepreneur, I know from firsthand experience that becoming an entrepreneur is a very risky business. I had to jump a lot of hurdles to get here, and the journey certainly hasn’t been easy. Surprisingly, one of the biggest barriers I faced was finding affordable and accessible schooling for my daughters, who are in Year 5 and Year 2.
When I first seriously considered the move to Singapore, I made several phone calls to Singaporean schools and discovered that the options were either A) a hugely expensive international school or B) my girls would have had to sit an exam conducted by the Ministry of Education, which wouldn’t even guarantee them a spot or a choice in which school they could attend. In the end, the only foreseeable option was to go down the path of homeschooling through a fantastic Surry Hills-based distance education program, SDEP (http://sdeps.net/Portal/).
While not all entrepreneurs relocating for their business have children, the reality is that there are always personal struggles to be overcome when taking innovations to market. This is especially the case for budding young talent who are just starting out. Newcomers often get swept away in the glitz and glamour of it all, not fully comprehending the huge challenges they will face.
According to recent research conducted by CB Insights, 9 out of 10 start-ups fail. This is a pretty alarming statistic, especially when you consider that the Australian Government has pledged to invest $11 billion in the National Innovation and Science Agenda (launched last year), with plans for Australia to be a leading Innovation Nation by 2030.
We still have a long way to go in achieving this goal. If we are truly to become an Innovation Nation, we need to find creative ways to unearth transformational innovations and ideas, and bring them to market not just locally, but across the South-East Asia region.
We can learn a lot from one of our closest neighbours, Singapore, otherwise known as the “Silicon Valley of the East” – a country that’s held onto its decade-long place at the top of the World Bank’s ranking of the easiest places to do business. Singapore also ranked 6th on the 2016 Global Innovation Index, just behind the US and Finland, whereas Australia ranked 19th. In fact, Australia fell two places on the Index from 2015-16.
At Gemstar, our vision is to unearth talent in Australia and Singapore to forge exciting new business partnerships across borders and tap into international markets. Our recently-launched Young Entrepreneurs Program will guide budding ‘#YoungGems’ through key brand-building, marketing and finance strategies to support the commercialisation of their product or technology across the region.
Although the Young Entrepreneurs Program is based in Singapore, we have designed it with the Australian market in mind. My first business – Gemstar’s sister company back in Sydney, Manning & Co – is a strategic marketing consultancy that I launched in 2008. As a marketing expert, I understand the importance of a marketing-led strategy when launching a start-up.
According to research conducted by CB Insights, 42% of start-ups fail due to lack of market need. A marketing-led strategy is key to business success because it helps young talent understand the ‘why’ of doing business.
If there’s no market demand for something, it’s doomed to fail. A common mistake that budding entrepreneurs make is prioritising the technology build over adequate market research. Strip back to the basics and ask yourself: where is the gap in the market? Does my idea have merit in the market place?
Again, many entrepreneurs focus purely on the technology build and their innovative idea rather than the business proposition behind it. Ensure that you know your value proposition very clearly as well as your target audience. Understand your differentiation against the competition, so you can build more value into your value proposition and pricing.
Branding is the quality or essence that makes an organisation unique. The most successful brands are consistent and authentic, delivering on their promise every time. Design your business model with a marketing-led approach and a strong brand, and you will be better equipped to manage not only cash flow, but brand promotion and consumer metrics.
To succeed in today’s globalised world, entrepreneurs need to have a global business perspective that’s grounded in a relevant story. To do this, you need to address ‘the why’ of doing business. Why do you exist? How did your business evolve? Create a consistent and authentic story to market your idea regionally and globally.
Great to see our MD @gemma_manning_ invited to speak about the WA - ASEAN relationship next week in Perth. Gemstar has a presence in both Perth and Singapore and is actively promoting the close proximity between the two strategic destinations #doingit #walkingthetalk #gemstar twitter.com/perthusasia/st…
Industry 4.0 will drive job creation but how are we preparing graduates to be digitally literate and future ready? This has to be a focus going forward. And what is the definition of being human in our increasing digital world - thought provoking #DeepTechSummit @SGInnovate
This forum is for forum-related discussion only. DO NOT post anything here regarding Avant Browser itself or regarding anything other than the forums themselves. Post in Registration/Log In Issues if you are having trouble logging in!
Do not post anything here that is not directly related to this forum. If you break this rule, you may receive a warning, and your post may be deleted.
Welcome to Ford Fusion Hybrid Forum, like most online communities you must register to view or post in our community, but don't worry this is a simple free process that requires minimal information for you to signup. Be apart of Ford Fusion Hybrid Forum by signing in or creating an account.
I've been using My Link in a Camaro rental and it is terrible. The Bluetooth is really spotty, and the buttons are a mess and small targets to hit. Driving this thing makes me appreciate my Fusion so much more.
Actual Build day: Apr 24,2013 ETA Date: May 9, 2013 Delivered Date:(Arrived at Dealer May 9, 2013 with issue to be fixed) Delivered: May 31, 2013
I don't get why MFT gets some many complains about it. I think It's easy to use and as many features.
I agree. I remember Consumer Reports downgrading the car sharply for it. The best driving sedan of it's type, and they focus on the Sync system!
Yeah, I honestly think it's good. If they just sorted out the whole AppLink then it would have been perfect. The Siri add on was big to me.
I've have my 2016 FFH for less than 3 months, love the car, think that much of the technology is amazing, really impressed by the seamless transitions from EV to ICE drive, BUT I think the MFT system is underwhelming, especially for the additional cost. Like many others, I found it a real turn-off that there are no apps (Pandora, Spotify, etc.) available with the premium system, but they are standard with the entry system. I will say that I find the sound of the stereo, with DSP set to "Driver", to be very good.
I realize MFT in my car was not the best interface in 2014, but after a few months of used-car ownership, I like it. A few minor quirks and delays, but it is easy to use and much better than a bunch of buttons. It got such bad reviews in its day, and was a main complaint in the Consumer Reports back then. My opinion is, that was blown out of proportion. I am very happy with the car, MFT and all.
Like a lot of MS software released before it was really ready, the very early MFT units were a disaster. Toward the end of the production run, the units seem to have gotten decent - both our '15 Explorer and '16 Fusion have had relatively aggravation-free experience.
Owning a '16 Fusion hybrid, my frustration is confined to the lack of Android Auto support and the lack of ability to 'cast' Google Maps to the in-car screen. My experience with our 15 Explorer with MFT / NAV made me dead set against paying the $$$ for the option that was, in every measurable way, inferior to what I get on my phone as a 'normal' experience.
In the modern day and age we live in, people worldwide constantly seek alternative diets and ways of life in hopes of preventing major diseases and staying in shape. People appear to be more conscious than ever before when it comes to their food intake, with many options available now that cater to an individual’s specific wants and needs. When it comes to averting illnesses and keeping on track with your weight, there appears to be a developing and rewarding diet that is worth your consideration and attention.
Introducing the Ketogenic Diet. This particular route is a low-carb, high-fat diet that comes with many health benefits. According to HealthLine, over 20 studies show that this specific diet will aid you on your path to weight loss, and prevent significant diseases such as diabetes, cancer, epilepsy, and Alzheimer’s disease. The work of health professionals like Dr. Valter Longo, from the University of Southern California’s Davis School of Gerontology, has also shown that low-calorie diets can slow tumor growth and starve cancer cells of the glucose they require for fermentation.
The ketogenic diet may be difficult to adjust to at first as your body begins to get used to the lack of carbohydrates, so you may feel discouraged at first to stop the diet all together. If you pull through and stick to the diet, you will notice results.
This is a highly beneficial and rewarding diet for anyone looking to enhance their overall bodily performance and hoping to prevent the health obstacles that could deter a prolonged life. Please keep in mind that diet alone cannot cure chronic conditions like cancer and diabetes. The data available only suggests that it might help prevent those conditions in some limited, highly-controlled cases.
If you are overweight or have any medical conditions, you should always consult with a physician before making any changes to your diet. In addition to changes in diet, you should also include an exercise plan in your life. Exercise even a few times a week is great for your overall physical health as well as your overall mental health. If you are not sure how to put together a workout plan, consult with a fitness instructor or fitness professional to find out what kind of fitness plan works for you. Remember, you are what you eat! If you are overweight and are looking for a diet that can keep you accountable and help you lose that weight, try out the ketogenic diet.
Have you tried the ketogenic diet before? Tell us about it in the comments below! If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like and share it with your friends! 😊
Archives Select Month November 2018 (2239) October 2018 (6384) September 2018 (6319) August 2018 (7428) July 2018 (7375) June 2018 (7440) May 2018 (8290) April 2018 (9569) March 2018 (28617) February 2018 (9624) January 2018 (165) December 2017 (152) November 2017 (141) October 2017 (113) September 2017 (88) August 2017 (92) July 2017 (101) June 2017 (78) May 2017 (92) April 2017 (67) March 2017 (95) February 2017 (64) January 2017 (67) December 2016 (46) November 2016 (51) October 2016 (50) September 2016 (41) August 2016 (47) July 2016 (51) June 2016 (27) May 2016 (36) April 2016 (29) March 2016 (34) February 2016 (31) January 2016 (31) December 2015 (25) November 2015 (25) October 2015 (27) September 2015 (17) August 2015 (22) July 2015 (19) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (27) April 2015 (23) March 2015 (25) February 2015 (26) January 2015 (23) December 2014 (20) November 2014 (20) October 2014 (29) September 2014 (20) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (21) June 2014 (11) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (15) March 2014 (9) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (13) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (11) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (15) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (18) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (15) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (13) September 2012 (7) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (8) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (5) January 2012 (10) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (7) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (5) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (4) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (2) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (1) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (3) October 2009 (1) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (12) July 2009 (3) June 2009 (2) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (2) February 2009 (1) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (4) September 2008 (1) August 2008 (1) July 2008 (2) March 2008 (2) February 2008 (1) December 2007 (2) October 2007 (2) November 2006 (1)
Here are some real, no degree work-from-home jobs hiring for November 2018. Go to for video notes, related content, tips, and helpful resources mentioned.
Enjoy the video! Let me know what you think, ask me a question, or suggest something I cover in the future in the comments below! I’d love to hear from you!
In the huge amount of legends that make up the mythology of ancient India, can be found most of our myths, whether they have the same origin, or whether they describe real events. The flood made ManuAdam and Noah for the Hindus live an adventure quite familiar to us.
“One day, when doing his ablutions, a man named Manu discovered in the palm of his hand a little fish which begged him to let it live. Taking pity on it, Manu placed it in a vase. The next day, the fish had grown so much he had to transport it to the lake. Soon the lake became also too small. To the surprise of Manu, the fish could talk:
“Throw me into the sea, said Vishnu, I will be more comfortable there”. Then the god warned Manu that a flood would happen soon. Vishnu sent him a large ark, with orders to embark two specimens of each living species and seeds of every plant. Manu obeyed, and he boarded the ark when the ocean swelled and overwhelmed everything. We can see nothing anymore, except Vishnu in his fish body, a huge narwhal with golden scales. Manu moored his ark to the narwhal’s horn and Vishnu towed it through the waters.
Thus they came to the emerged summit of the North Mountain, Former Gods had foresee the flood and prepared shelters on mountaintop. See Les cités des cimes where they ran aground. The fish said then: “I saved you. Moor your ark to a tree, so that water cannot take it away while you are on the mountain. And as the waters will recede, you will get down with them.” And Manu descended with the ebb. The flood destroyed everything.
Manu was all alone. His animals colonized the earth, his plants germinated and nurtured them, but Manu stayed alone in the world.
A year later, emerged from the waters a girl who introduced herself as ‘Manu’s daughter’. He married her and they had children together, the ancestors of the present mankind.” (source)Graham Hancock, Imprint of the Gods
Note that in this version of the myth, once again, the man begins to live without a woman, she comes afterwards. Moreover, when she arrives, she introduces herself as Manu’s daughter.
How was she made without a woman to carry her? By genetic manipulation of the DNA from Manu, the only survivor. Let us be clear, the only survivor from the race of slaves. For the divine race, well protected in the Mountaintop Cities of the Andes, or on top of Mount Olympus, or on the Kurdistan Range, or on a gigantic mother-ship, had suffered but little from the devastating flood to which the gods had prepared themselves.
Let us return to some revealing details. The Arch of Manu runs aground on the Northern Mountain. Problem: there is no mountain in the north of this planet. On the other hand, there is the domain of the gods, above the north pole, as the legend of Hyperborea teaches us. For they knew every event as they all repeated on the cyclic movement of time.
It is a mother ship, a veritable wandering planet that shelters not a few gods but millions of beings in our image, invested with an interplanetary mission: to terraform the wild planets, at least those that are likely to shelter life.
Systematically, in all versions of myths, are encoded valuable information that make them educational jewelry, sophisticated and with an almost perfect efficiency of transmission. In the eyes of the truth seeker, the ancient myths are undeniable masterpieces, on the same plan as the cave paintings of Lascaux or Altamira. Such a perfection could be achieved only by the careful effort of great sages. Thus we can see in the ancient myths a unity coherent, realistic, documented, and it deserves all our attention.
This valuable legacy constitutes for our mankind the testament of the former gods. Here, Vishnu, one of the three gods of the Brahmanic trinity or religion of Ram, clearly appears as a man-fish. We know the role played by some snake-men in the creation of our species. We know the fish gods, such as that of the ancient Persia, Oanes emerging from a lake, like Tiki Viracocha in the Andes, leaving Lake Titicaca.
Vishnu does he represent the creator of Manu, the first man? Even if this is not clearly specified in this myth, the answer is yes. For in the Brahmanic trinity, Vishnu is the father creator, Brahma is the Holy Spirit, and Rudra the destroyer.
Note that thereafter, Rudra will merge with Shiva the Source, the only god of the previous religion. In the Dravidian Shivaism, no trinity indeed, but one principle, both immanent and transcendent, might be called the Source. When Ram came to India in the fifth millennium BCEBefore Common Era he introduced a coarser religion, in which the gods were only the princes of the first Atlantis… How Ram could he tolerate a god superior to his own three? He therefore gave to the former god a role in the Atlantean Trinity, the role of the wicked, of course. So that believers turn away from him faster.
All new religions have done the same with the former gods. The Old Western Religion has been relegated to the rank of naive superstition, as its gods have become the demons of Christianity.
Hi! Well if your reading this then that means your interested in seeing my pics. Well I have alot more pics that I want to put up but I need a VIP to add them all. So I will make ANYONE a deal. You get me a VIP and you will be in my fam FOREVER with access to any and every pic of me. Again, 1 month VIP and your in my fam for life! Note: If you harass me, stalk me, threaten me, or anything of the sort, then you will be kicked from my fam. Other than that there will be NO way that I will drop you from my fam. So let me know what you think! Becky!
The Axis of Idiots I don't know the accuracy of every remark made but most are true. Something very bad will have to happen against our country before anything like this will ever be enacted. I hope that it will not be too late. Too bad we don't have folks on Capitol Hill willing to speak out like this. J. D. Pendry is a retired Marine Sergeant Major who writes for Random House. He is eloquent, and he seldom beats around the bush! This is a sharp man. He has it nailed down pretty good. Too bad it won't do any good. There won't be 1 in 10 who receive this who will forward it. It sure loses steam that way. 'The Axis of Idiots' by J.D. Pendry Jimmy Carter, you are the father of the Islamic Nazi movement. You threw the Shah under the bus, welcomed the Ayatollah home, and then lacked the spine to confront the terrorists when they took our embas
I had an email from Bebo asking for me to verify my email address but I've never used Bebo before . It said someone named PoppyT26 had set up an account and used my email address . I've never referred to myself as Poppy before so I know it's not something that I may have done in the past and forgotten about . The account is deleted now because I clicked on 'this is not me' when it asked for verification . So if anyone did fake being me all of their time and effort setting up the account has gone.
To the strong and mighty won't you please lend a hand: Some-where out there in this world children are losing their land. When will piece ever happen. Why do countries cease to exhist. Poverty stricken, dying from diseases: Don't you hear the orphans cry, "won't you feed me please". Soldiers bodys here and there pools of blood every-where. It's something of a crying shame wondering why they even came. To the strong and mighty won't you please lend a hand: To many children are dying, so many mothers crying. They live with death each and every-day, mourning their loved ones as they carry them away. War has taken their freedom to live in piece. Father please reach out your hand and take the children to the promised land, keep them safe with-in your heart. The wars are close and men are killed before dark. Why do they fight in a country so small when children are dying and we still hear them crying: Will you feed us "please" By Miss Pauline Kireto---2007
You smile at me, You sing to me, You let me ride with you, And all this time, I thought there could be, Something between us two, But now I know that something, Was really something less, And now I know there's someone else, You'd like to have instead, You joke with me, You lean on me, And you caress my skin, And as you say, "You're beautiful", My heart beats fast within, But you just want attention, And you've been playin' with my heart, I always fall for guys like you, But I'm never what they want, How long were you gonna just let me think, I had a chance with you, How long were you gonna keep playin' this game, Of maybe I like you, How long were you gonna keep toyin' with me, When you know how I feel, To bad that how long's over now, Cause I know it wasn't real. I don't know what she looks like, I only know her name, I know you have a thing for her, Before I ever came, I started falling for you, From the day that we first met, I've almost tak
Sometimes the things closest to us Are furthest from our reach. We strive for them We wait for them We put our hearts belief in them. Sometimes we deserve them, Often we just want them. Sometimes on lifes path We may stumble We may fall. We will inevitably get hurt. There will be laughter and tears And occasionally a pain so searing It can take your breath away. Sometimes life is not lived, The world can stop And you find yourself lost, Alone in the darkness. We will seek out the light and Try to learn from our mistakes. Sometimes we have to reach deep within And tell ourselves We will be ok, we will make it, Sometimes we will believe it. We will be vulnerable Lonely and weak. We will search for strength Sometimes we may find it. Sometimes we will give up hope When hope is all we have We will cling to the little things And take solace in them. Sometimes everything will work out Exactly as it is meant to And sometimes Thats exactly what we wa
Sometimes I wonder WHY......Why we are, Why we do, Why we think. Some people have looks, money, a thought, a wish......or maybe a need. Is a need a 65" TV, or maybe a vette (OMG that would be a want). How about real life today? A real 401k that lost 65% in less then 10 days, how about a box (sorry woman) cardboard box at that! I understand fun(GO COLTS). I have great real life friends (that I don't have to buy a blast for....one let call her Mary is a internet porn star......yes I was at the COLTS game on Sunday with her and oher friends(pics to follow)) like the () () inside? Just a thought in a moment in time!!!! LOVE
This is how I feel about Wilbur's "Injector".... Depeche Mode's "Sweetest Perfection" Lyrics The sweetest perfection To call my own The slightest correction Couldn't finely hone The sweetest infection Of body and mind Sweetest injection of any kind I stop & I stare too much Afraid that I care too much And I hardly dare to touch For fear that the spell may be broken When I need a drug in me And it brings out the thug in me Feel something tugging me Then I want the real thing not tokens The sweetest perfection.... Things you'd expect to be Having effect on me Pass undetectedly But everyone knows what has got me Takes me completely Touches so sweetly Reaches so deeply I know that nothing can stop me Sweetest perfection An offer was made An assorted collection But I wouldn't trade The sweetest perfection... Takes me completely Touches so sweetly Reaches so deeply Nothing can stop me
There is a big market for car enthusiasts, and listing a car for sale means that your cars looks and specifications will be judged by potential buyers. Keeping the body of the car clean and evenly painted is a must, as this will make the auction or selling process easier for you.
Used car dealers for Audi, Acura and BMW who've tried to sell their car before and after painting jobs have reported $5,000 to $10,000 in the selling prices by perfecting the car's parts to almost showroom condition.
Expect to pay between $25 to $5,500 on car paint for cars based upon do it yourself to professional level services. At times, you may find a new car coat to stand out compared to stock and factory level painting jobs.
The amount of time, care and needed tools used for painting job should help painters successfully paint their car. Their really isn't much room for failure if all the directions are read carefully and executed practically.
Owner's should get better impressions from the eyes of beholders, as a more positive response will lead to better influences. Be fond of your car and make sure your valuable tool and toy is kept in showroom condition for the years to come.
1. Find a nicely lit, spacious and aerated place to paint your car. Such a place should contain minimal air particles including pollen, pollutants and dust.
3. Wash, rinse and polish your car, making sure dust and dirt particles come off. Damage can be seen if specks and stained bumps are not cleaned and painted over.
4. For dirt and mold that won't peal off with water, use the wax/grease remover. You may also substitute spirit and charcoal cleaner based solutions for this process.
7. Ensure all surfaces are dry and apply body putty to even and straighten out the surface. Add the primer making sure that your care surface will maintain an even surface.
8. Your first paint coat - Apply the urethane based color paint evenly across the wanted surfaces. (The entire surface should be even in texture)
9. Wait 15 minutes for paint to dry and repeat the last process. (Apply the urethane based color paint over the previous coat)
10. This time, let the paint dry for 30 minutes and repeat the process again. (Apply the urethane based color paint over the previous coat)
© 2018 ToolsPost.com All rights reserved. ToolsPost.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Altscene is an alternative dating site designed especially for alternative people the internet is full of dating sites but often its hard to find the right person for you which is where altscene comes in the site is dedicated to punks, emos, goths, rockers and all types of alternative people. Eastview high school, located in apple valley, mn, includes a 330,000 square foot facility and 200 acres of recreational facilities it is home to over 2,000 students in grades 9-12. There are plenty of conventional sites that are also among the top websites for gay dating and the top lesbian date sites with over 15 million gay members and more than 1 million lesbian members, match is one of them. Online dating in kapuskasing for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other kapuskasing singles. Dating sites do this based on preferences such as income, smoking and drinking, if the match has kids and whether he or she has ever been married the company is intended for users 35 and older.
More than 48% of people over 50 turn to online dating for a serious relationship, 26% for friendship, and 14% for casual dating that’s a lot of seniors looking to online dating for help, and since dating in your 50s is totally different than in your 20s, the dating sites they use should reflect that, which is where this list comes in handy. What a scam there has to be a legitimate adult dating site out there help finding a legitimate dating site welcome, stephen, and thanks to my colleague, sexuality expert cory silverberg, for sending you my way. Find single women in summit, ky find a date to a bluegrass concert in the bluegrass state of kentucky if you are looking for a wife or husband for a happy marriage, mature ladies, older men create a free profile today.
Eastview's best free dating site 100% free online dating for eastview singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in eastview looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. American actor victor mature passed away on 4th aug 1999 racho santa fe, california, usa aged 86 born victor john mature on 29th january, 1913 (aquarius) in louisville, kentucky, usa and educated at spencerian business school, victor mature is most remembered for samson and delilah (1949) his zodiac sign is aquarius. Looking for love later in life this is the perfect place to start whether you just want companionship or are looking for a new life partner, we've found the ten best sites for seniors who are serious about finding someone special read our honest user-friendly reviews and find the right site for you today. Normal — eastview christian church is seeking a site plan amendment from the normal planning commission so it can build two additions the commission will consider the request at its 5 pm. 166x1616 - ourtimecom is the premier online 50+ dating service singles are online now in our large and active community for dating ourtimecom is designed for 50+ dating, pen pals and to bring older singles together join ourtimecom and meet new singles for 50+ dating.
Online dating is fantastic especially if you are a young buck looking for a foxy older lady cougar life is where you want to be with a high rate of success, cougar life is on the up and up when it comes to cyber dating. Vacation rentals in fairport, ny fairport vacation rentals check in check out any bedrooms beautiful and quiet 22,000 sf corner lot with mature trees light and open floor-plan with fully equipped kitchen the accommodation is located in one of the most beautiful areas of the city with an array of old homes dating from the turn of. Specifically targeting the singles of over 40,50,60 and 70 you'll find high level of support and guidance throughout your dating journey older dating helps you with setting up a profile and connects you to the people you're most compatible with. Online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members best mature dating site - online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members.
Raymour & flanigan nearest entrance: outside on the southeast side of the mall behind macy's and von maur. Eastview's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in eastview with mingle2's eastview dating services find a girlfriend or lover in eastview, or just have fun flirting online with eastview single girls. For some older singles, signing up to a senior dating site means taking another shot at finding love and even marriage for others, it's more about meeting someone who can offer genuine connection, companionship and support. Rivertowns, ny - the nyc dep delivered four boxes of native american tool pieces dating back 1,000s of years to their new home at the historical society serving sleepy hollow and tarrytown. Pof uses cookies to measure site performance and usage, provide you with advertising tailored to your interests, and enable social platform features such as share buttons.
“eastview’s made it past regionals to state and won every year since 1976 if they don’t make it this year, riley’s going to blame herself, and everyone else will blame her too” lucas threads his fingers through hers and squeezes comfortingly. Divorced single parent singles look through the listings of member users that have joined divorced dating club that are tagged with single parent meeting others who have like minded interests is an ideal way to come up with ideas to do once you are dating. Mature dating is so exciting join flirtcom — the site for singles looking for flirting, dating and fun all the stunners are here for adult dating.
Dating target online dating site & app for singlesdating target is a brand new dating site & app with unique, modern features aimed at helping singles find love from anywhere in the world register for free and start dating.
Eastview beat park center 75-65 in overtime in a class 4a quarterfinal game at the minnesota high school girls basketball state tournament on tuesday at target center.
Free age gap dating starts with a profile and a picture find people who share your interest in age gap socializing and dating you can build your profile and instantly send messages to someone who is significantly older or younger than you are.
Senior dating sites looking for senior dating site reviews and tips you’ve come to the right place find out which senior dating services have the best chances of helping you to meet the man of your dreams. Dating just for mature people meet fun, like minded people in your area for friendship or love join the leading senior dating site for people in their 40s, 50s and 60s and meet someone special.
Before Matt, Ella had a plan. Get over a no-good ex-boyfriend. Graduate from high school without any more distractions. Move away from Orlando, Florida, where she’s lived her entire life.
But Matt—the cute, shy, bespectacled bass player who just moved to town—was never part of that plan.
And neither was attending a party that was crashed by the cops just minutes after they arrived. Or spending an entire night saying “yes” to every crazy, fun thing they could think of.
Then Matt abruptly left town, and he broke not only Ella’s heart but those of their best friends, too. So when he shows up a year later with a plan of his own—to relive the night that brought them together—Ella isn’t sure whether Matt’s worth a second chance. Or if re-creating the past can help them create a different future.
In alternating then and now chapters, debut author Lauren Gibaldi crafts a charming, romantic story of first loves, lifelong friendships, uncovered secrets, and, ultimately, finding out how to be brave.
Kelsey and David became best friends the summer before freshman year and were inseparable ever after. Until the night a misunderstanding turned Kelsey into the school joke, and everything around her crumbled—including her friendship with David. So when Kelsey's parents decided to move away, she couldn't wait to start over and leave the past behind. Except, David wasn't ready to let her go...
Now it's senior year and Kelsey has a new group of friends, genuine popularity, and a hot boyfriend. Her life is perfect. That is, until David's family moves to town and he shakes up everything. Soon old feelings bubble to the surface and threaten to destroy Kelsey's second chance at happiness. The more time she spends with David, the more she realizes she never truly let him go. And maybe she never wants to.
Told in alternating sections, LAST YEAR'S MISTAKE is a charming and romantic debut about loving, leaving, and letting go.
Tomboy to the core, Toni Valentine understands guys. She'll take horror movies, monster hunts and burping contests over manicures. So Toni is horrified when she's sent to the Winston Academy for Girls, where she has to wear a skirt and learn to be a "lady" while the guys move on without her. Then Toni meets Emma Elizabeth, a girl at school with boy troubles, and she volunteers one of her friends as a pretend date. Word spreads of Toni s connections with boys, and she discovers that her new wealthy female classmates will pay big money for fake dates. Looking for a way to connect her old best friends with her new life at school, Toni and Emma start up Toni Valentine s Rent-A-Gent Service. But the business meets a scandal when Toni falls for one of her friends--the same guy who happens to be the most sought-after date. With everything she's built on the line, Toni has to decide if she wants to save the business and her old life, or let go of being one of the guys for a chance at love.
Charlie, a senior, isn't looking forward to her last year of high school. Another year of living in the shadow of her best friend, Lila. Another year of hiding behind the covers of her favorite novels. Another year of navigating her tense relationship with her perfectionist mom.
But everything changes when she meets her new English teacher. Mr. Drummond is smart. Irreverent. Funny. Hot. Everyone loves him. And Charlie thinks he's the only one who gets her.
In this stunning debut, Jessica Alcott explores relationships-and their boundaries-in a way that is both searingly honest and sympathetic.
BEFORE: It was the perfect summer of first kisses, skinny-dipping, and bonfires by the lake. Joy, Tali, Luce, and Zoe knew their final summer at Camp Okahatchee would come to an end, but they swore they’d stay friends.
THEN: That is, until the fateful flash of a photo booth camera transports the four of them back in time, to the summer they were fifteen—the summer everything changed.
NOW: The girls must recreate the past in order to return to the present. As they live through their second-chance summer, the mystery behind their lost friendship unravels, and a dark secret threatens to tear the girls apart all over again.
This innovative, heartfelt debut novel tells the story of a girl who's literally allergic to the outside world. When a new family moves in next door, she begins a complicated romance that challenges everything she's ever known. The narrative unfolds via vignettes, diary entries, texts, charts, lists, illustrations, and more.
My disease is as rare as it is famous. Basically, I'm allergic to the world.I don't leave my house, have not left my house in seventeen years. The only people I ever see are my mom and my nurse, Carla.
But then one day, a moving truck arrives next door. I look out my window, and I see him. He's tall, lean and wearing all black--black T-shirt, black jeans, black sneakers, and a black knit cap that covers his hair completely. He catches me looking and stares at me. I stare right back. His name is Olly.
Maybe we can't predict the future, but we can predict some things. For example, I am certainly going to fall in love with Olly. It's almost certainly going to be a disaster.
When Ivy Emerson’s family loses their house—complete with her beloved piano—the fear of what’s to come seizes her like a bad case of stage fright. Only this isn’t one of her single, terrifying performances. It’s her life.
Ivy is forced to move with her family out of their affluent neighborhood to Lakeside, also known as “the wrong side of the tracks.” Hiding the truth from her friends—and the cute new guy in school, who may have secrets of his own—seems like a good idea at first. But when a bad boy next door threatens to ruin everything, Ivy’s carefully crafted lies begin to unravel . . . and there is no way to stop them.
As things get to the breaking point, Ivy turns to her music, some unlikely new friends, and the trusting heart of her disabled little brother. She may be surprised that not everyone is who she thought they were . . . including herself.
Debut author Sharon Huss Roat crafts a charming and timely story of what happens when life as you know it flips completely upside down.
Tyler has a football scholarship to Stanford, a hot girlfriend, and a reliable army of friends to party with. Then his mom kills herself. And Tyler lets it all go. Now he needs to dodge what his dad is offering (verbal tirades and abuse) and earn what his dad isn’t (money). Tyler finds a job that crashes him into Jordyn, his former childhood friend turned angry-loner goth-girl. She brings Tyler an unexpected reprieve from the never-ending pity party his life has become. How could he not fall for her? But with his dad more brutally unpredictable than ever, Tyler knows he can’t risk bringing Jordyn too deeply into the chaos. So when violence rocks his world again, will it be Jordyn who shows him the way to a hopeful future? Or after everything, will Tyler have to find it in himself?
After years on the transplant waiting list, she's running out of hope that she'll ever see her eighteenth birthday. Then, miraculously, Stella receives the transplant she needs to survive.
Determined to embrace everything she came so close to losing, Stella throws herself into her new life. But her recovery is marred by strange side effects: Nightmares. Hallucinations. A recurring pain that flares every day at the exact same moment. Then Stella meets Levi Zin, the new boy on everyone's radar at her Seattle prep school. Stella has never felt more drawn to anyone in her life, and soon she and Levi are inseparable.
Stella is convinced that Levi is her soul mate. Why else would she literally ache for him when they are apart?
Kate Quinn’s mom died last year, leaving Kate parentless and reeling. So when the unexpected shows up in her living room, Kate must confront another reality she never thought possible—or thought of at all. Kate does have a father. He’s a powerful politician. And he’s running for U.S. President. Suddenly, Kate’s moving in with a family she never knew she had, joining a campaign in support of a man she hardly knows, and falling for a rebellious boy who may not have the purest motives. This is Kate’s new life. But who is Kate? When what she truly believes flies in the face of the campaign’s talking points, she must decide. Does she turn to the family she barely knows, the boy she knows but doesn’t necessarily trust, or face a third, even scarier option?
Set against a backdrop of politics, family, and first love, this is a story of personal responsibility, complicated romance, and trying to discover who you are even as everyone tells you who you should be.
Between the Notes looks fantastic and I've just added The Wrong Side of Right to my TBR too!! *hi fives for Everything Everything* Can't wait for these epic books of 2015!
Copyright All Rights Reserved ©2018 ALLCHOICE Insurance. Website design and marketing by Nextwave Concepts.
30 ml Montageflüssigkeit, erleichtert das Anbringen von allen selbstklebenden Folien. Ausreichend für ca. 12 m².
Alex Ovechkin, Alex Ovechkin Tattoo, Tattoo, Tattoos, Arm Tattoo, Hockey Tattoo, Ice Hockey Tattoo, Stanley Cup Tattoo, Washington Capitals Captain...
Russia >> 10/10/2018 - ZapSibNeftekhim has prepared its demineralised water unit for commissioning. It is a two-stage reverse osmosis and electric deionisation plant with a total capacity of 244 cu m per hour. ...
Russia >> 8/1/2018 - The Gazprom Neft Moscow Refinery was among the winners at this year’s independent Eco Best Award — 2018, awarded for initiatives in ecology and energy and natural resources management, with the expert...
United Kingdom >> 6/15/2018 - The Norwegian Petroleum Directorate has consented to the start on the Conoco Phillips-operated installation Ekofisk 2/4 VC in the North Sea. This development comprises a subsea template with four well...
United States >> 5/30/2018 - John Holland and KBR, Inc. (KBR) announced that their Joint Venture (JH-KBR JV) will continue delivering major water and sewerage projects for another three years after Melbourne Water confirmed it as...
Azerbaijan >> 4/26/2018 - In March 2018, the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP) completed the reconstruction of the Mbrostar water supply system in the Municipality of Fier. The new water supply system – an investment amounting to ...
United Kingdom >> 3/14/2018 - KBR, Inc. (KBR) has been awarded a contract by the UK's Ministry of Defence (MOD) for the design, manufacture, supply and storage of a Combat Water Supply System (CWSS) plus reimbursable Maintenance, ...
Australia >> 10/27/2016 - The John Holland-KBR Joint Venture has been awarded a two-year extension to its Framework Agreement with Melbourne Water for the delivery of capital works projects in Melbourne. ...
Kuwait >> 8/12/2013 - The Kuwaiti Ministry of Electricity and Water has rolled out a new $56 million desalinated water supply project in Wafra oil field. The project will reuse low-salinity water in Umm Kudair region to fe...
Oman >> 6/19/2013 - Majis has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Oman International Petrochemical Industry Company (OIPIC) (under foundation) to provide them with 3,500 m3/day of Industrial water for their u...
Iraq >> 3/19/2013 - CH2M HILL, a global full-service consulting, design, construction and operations firm, announces that the company was selected by South Oil Company (SOC) of Iraq to provide project management consulta...
Iraq >> 12/8/2011 - ProSep Inc., dedicated to providing process solutions to the oil and gas industry, announced it was awarded three contracts with a new customer operating in Iraq, for the design and supply of a produc...
Oman >> 5/29/2011 - Galfar has received an order from Petroleum Development Oman for “ Nimr –G & Karim West Water Flood Projects” for a total sum of RO 37 Million(USD 95.46 Million). The completion period is 1065 days. ...
Iraq >> 3/2/2011 - Iraq is expected to start the first phase of a multibillion-dollar water injection project to help boost crude production rates from its southern oilfields in a month, an Iraqi oil official said. ...
Reports were prepared by Virginia Cooperative Extension for each participating county. All files are PDF and will open in a new window. Please be prepared for slow download over a modem connection.
One advertising broadsheet titled Private Suggestions and Instructions-to-Agents how to sell the Real Pen-Work Self-Instructor in Penmanship and Patent Ink Capsules. There are sections on how to order, how agents sell the inks, how to send money, and more.
Copper Dragons are masters of stealth, slipping silently and swiftly through the forests and jungles where they live. Often hunting in groups, their prey rarely know they are being stalked until the dragon’s at their throat. In the air they are agile and skilled. Copper Dragons prize family groups, spending large amounts of time teaching their young skills. So great is their love of life and family that they will sometimes adopt orphaned dragons of other breeds to raise.
The party is exhausted, largely out of spells, and trapped on a boat with a pair of homicidal halfling assassins. While the first has the group distracted, the other invisibly steals up on Brundle and buries a dagger in his back. While the wound doesn’t appear too severe, the gnome almost immediately spasms and falls to the floor, poisoned and near death.
The twins are dangerous foes, capable of draining the party’s remaining magic and using it against them; one of them steals Merrilyn’s remaining healing magic, while the other goes after Thistle, wrenching control of her Flame Blade away from her and using it to terrible effect. The battle is tense, as the cagy halflings can easily get the remaining heroes off-guard and launch powerful sneak attacks, but the party is able to divide and overpower them. Cyrus decapitates one with a critical blow, and the other falls to the combined efforts of Thistle, Carol, and Lilliana.
Finally free to rest and recover, the party makes it to Howlett. Carol is able to cure the poison afflicting Brundle, but he is still very weak Sailing up the Sathir River, they see signs of the ongoing war against the Reborn Talon. The port town at the mouth of the river shows an increased military presence, and the ship passes a devastated halfing caravan on the banks of the river. Disembarking to investigate, they find no survivors, although from the number of burned wagons, it appears just over half of the halflings (and their hounds) were killed. The whereabouts of the others are unknown. The destruction is complete, and there is no salvageable equipment among the burned wagons. Cyrus tracks the attackers a short distance, and finds a tell-tale sign of magical transportation, a circular pattern burned into the grass.
The group continues to Kestral and meets again with Queen Sathirin and Relerian Ambassador Reler’issa Tuomon to report their findings in Carthia. They learn that the Carthian delegation to the Council has withdrawn from Kestral, citing security concerns; Kaffrey has sent troops to support the war against the Talon, and Releria has been curiously reluctant to respond to the situation. The party then meets with Dunphy on behalf of the Jesting Shadows who gives them a little more information about the attacks on the halfling caravans: apparently numerous caravans have been hit by groups of hobgoblins apparently led by an elf in white robes.
Marked as 2 drawer file cabinet ikea topic along with 2 drawer file cabinet wood discussion plus filing cabinet wayfair discussion with 2 drawer file cabinet white subject plus 2 drawer file cabinet target object, office depot file cabinets 2 drawer area of interest or File Cabinets, So don't forget to check out the main article in amazing black 2 drawer file cabinet
2 drawer file cabinet ikeametal file cabinets2 drawer file cabinet staplesfile cabinets for sale2 drawer file cabinet wood2 drawer file cabinet amazon2 drawer file cabinet office depottwo drawer file cabinetslateral filing cabinetshon lateral file cabinet2 drawer file cabinet walmart2 drawer file cabinet whitefiling cabinet wayfairmetal filing cabinet 2 drawer2 drawer file cabinet target
© 2018 dragonflyashland.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
"A stone that may spirit the user back to the entrance of Bitterblack Isle, but usable only within the foul labyrinth of the cursed isle. Traversal item."
Also sold by Barroch after purchasing the DLC pack The Crucible of the Lost, whether or not Eyes of the Deep has been completed.
The quantity of Barroch's stock will increase from 3 to 8 on purchase of the DLC pack The Crucible of the Lost.
Thoughts from Amy Neuzil, ND* Naturopathic Doctor, Author, Speaker, Teacher and Ally. And a bit of a goofball.
Measles is really one of the big baddies, so measles at Disneyland has put everyone into a tailspin so lets get some good information and learn a bit about a natural remedy for measles (or two).
Measles, or Rubella virus, is a highly contagious respiratory disease that lives in the nose and throat of the infected person. It can be spread through coughing and sneezing and can live on surfaces and in air spaces for up to 2 hours after the infected person has coughed or sneezed. Measles is so contagious that 90% of the people close to an infected person who do not have previous immunity from a vaccination or former infection will get the virus. Infected people are contagious from 4 days before the onset of rash to 4 days after the start of the rash. There are no reported cases in Texas yet this year, but there have been outbreaks in neighboring States.
The incubation period between contracting the virus and having symptoms is between 7 and 14 days and people become infectious 4 days before the rash appears (which is inconvenient because they’re spreading the virus before anyone has figured out they have it).
2-3 days after symptoms first appear, tiny white or blue-white spots called Koplik spots may appear inside the mouth and they are usually surrounded by red patches.
3-5 days after symptoms begin the rash breaks out. This usually starts on face and hairline and spreads downward to the trunk, arms and legs. The rash is flat red patches that get larger and may develop small red bumps on top.
Measles is highly contagious and anyone who is not vaccinated or hasn’t had a previous infection is at risk. Also 5-7% of people who have only had one vaccine are still susceptible and up to 3% of people who have had the recommended 2 shots are still at risk. This virus can create an infection even in very healthy people with strong immune systems, so this one really is kind of a bad one. It’s just hard to avoid. Research has shown that people with a vitamin A deficiency are more susceptible, so vitamin A is a good natural remedy for measles and can help give you a preventative edge. This means that anyone (even if you have been vaccinated) still has some risk of getting measles.
Globally, the MMR vaccination is preventative for the measles virus and provides life-long immunity if the full vaccination series is followed. There is only a 3% failure rate, which is pretty good for a vaccine.
If you have a known exposure and haven’t yet been vaccinated you can have a post-exposure vaccine within 72 hours. The illness may still develop, but will be less severe and of shorter duration.
Pregnant women, infants and people with weakened immune systems who have an exposure can be given immune serum globulin to help their body fight the infection and to reduce severity of symptoms and complications.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for 20 seconds (or as long as it takes you to say the alphabet). Or use alcohol based hand sanitizer.
Make sure you eat foods high in vitamin A such as carrots, squash, pumpkin seeds, pumpkin and cod liver oil. If you suspect a vitamin A deficiency then take a supplement short term to boost your body levels because deficiency makes you more susceptible to measles virus. Make sure this is actually a vitamin A supplement and not beta carotene because many people don’t convert beta carotene very well into the active form. Vitamin A is a great natural remedy for measles virus.
Try to avoid contact with infected persons or their bodily fluids. If you have had contact then monitor your symptoms carefully for at least 14 days and go to the doctor if necessary.
If you suspect that you or a loved one has measles then avoid contact with others as much as possible and certainly do not attend school, daycare or other facilities with large numbers of people.
Taking a natural alternative to gamma globulin (which is an injected medical treatment) may help to boost your body’s ability to fight the virus. This means natural substances that contain gamma globulins such as colostrum, IgG and PRP spray or powder could boost your immune system enough to be a natural remedy for measles.
Measles is contagious enough to transmit even to extremely healthy people so general immune boosters may help to some degree, but are not preventative.
Measles is a virus, so once you’ve got it all you can do is help your body to fight it. Vitamin A in reasonably high dose short-term may help your body to fight along with the immunoglobulins mentioned earlier – colostrum is one of my favorite general immune boosters and since gamma globulins have shown medical success with measles, the gamma globulins from colostrum should help too. One of the biggest concerns is reducing the fever because measles can produce a dangerously high fever that can cause seizures and even brain damage, so taking appropriate steps to prevent that is helpful. Tepid baths are one of the most effective ways to bring a fever down or damp towels over a kiddo’s chest or back can help to lower their body temperature. Also eating ice chips can help to soothe the sore throat as well as bring down the fever. Of course tylenol or ibuprophen are good back-up plans as well. The rash itself resolves on it’s own, but can be itchy. Oatmeal baths can be soothing to the rash along with vitamin A and D ointment that is normally used on diaper rash.
Measles is serious in all age groups, but children less than 5 years old and adults over 20 are most at risk for complications.
Common complications include ear infections and diarrhea – both of which happen in approximately 1/10 cases.
Severe complications from measles include pneumonia (infection in the lungs) and encephalitis (swelling of the brain) as well as febrile seizures from the high fevers.
As many as 1/20 children who get measles will develop pneumonia and this is the most common cause of death from measles.
1/1000 children who get measles will develop encephalitis which can lead to convulsions, deafness or mental retardation.
Pregnant women who contract measles are more likely to have pregnancy loss, preterm labor or low birthweight babies.
Measles is a big virus, no doubt but even if you or someone in your family comes down with the virus it isn’t the end of the world. Make good use of natural remedy for measles like vitamin A and colostrum and manage symptoms until it passes. In most people it passes without serious complications,but if you suspect complications then go to the hospital immediately.
This entry was posted in Natural Health and tagged gamma globulins, measles, natural remedies, natural remedy for measles, rubella virus, vaccine on February 3, 2015 by amyneuzil.
Amy Neuzil is a Health Coach and Naturopath and not a Medical Doctor or Doctor of Osteopathy. All information on dramyneuzil.com is written from a naturopathic perspective. While Amy and dramyneuzil.com strive to have the most accurate information possible, we do not provide medical or health care advice. Please consult your physician before starting any new supplements or treatments and for any medical questions you may have.
tennessee state map with county lines showing counties and cities of,tennessee state map with county lines tn showing counties of where is,tennessee state map with county lines tn showing counties maps collection library online,tennessee state map with county lines counties and cities showing tn of,tennessee state map showing counties with and cities county stock vector illustration of administration tn,tn state map showing counties tennessee with and cities county of,map of cities state counties tennessee showing with county lines tn,state map cities worldwide maps tennessee with counties and county lines tn showing,tennessee state map with county lines maps digital library table of contents tn showing counties,tennessee state map with county lines counties and cities showing of parks.
united states map major roads freeways of road atlas free collection for your trip wall with,us road map with major cities united states freeways roads and main,map united states roads atlas interstate highways highway route 66 online maps free,united states road map with cities pdf highway route 66 best a literary of images on roads,united states highway map route 66 with cities road printable roads,map united states roads atlas us highway east coast highways travel major road with cities printable,united states wall map with roads major freeways road cities pdf us of east coast,united states highway and interstate map road with cities printable maps of the picture download pdf,united states map with roads and cities main interstate toll,map united states roads atlas with main toll road time zone travel maps and major cities pdf.
Following the "There's no God... probably" campaign of last year, the Atheist Bus Campaign is launching a new poster campaign arguing against "labelling" children with their parents religion. The campaign appears to be concerned particularly with faith schools - and I have to say I have concerns about 'segregating children according to…
I started reading this before I was diagnosed with breast cancer, and have finished it the week after surgery. It's been a beautifully gentle book that I've carried along to several sessions sat in a waiting room! I've followed Katharine...
Well I can see why kids love this, and I enjoyed reading this in 60 minutes. Love children's lit that takes the opportunity to challenge 'the norm' and allow feelings etc to be dealt with.
I enjoyed this book, and found it gave hopeful insights into what to expect following the authors desire to hope for the best but prepare for the worst. I like her practice of seeking 'silver linings' every day rather than 'woe is me', a...
I've had enough concentration today to actually read - having had a mastectomy last week. This book is written by a friend - bought it earlier this year not realising how resonant it would be. I have found it really helpful to read - rec...
[MEDIA] Talking about Datafication of Children, Social Media and Sharenting with @EamonnHolmes on @TalkRadio - drbexl.co.uk on [MEDIA] Tech Talk: Sharenting – what’s the right approach? with @citymothers
Archives Select Month November 2018 (8) October 2018 (15) September 2018 (12) August 2018 (8) July 2018 (8) June 2018 (10) May 2018 (11) April 2018 (10) March 2018 (12) February 2018 (8) January 2018 (6) December 2017 (12) November 2017 (18) October 2017 (16) September 2017 (8) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (11) June 2017 (9) May 2017 (15) April 2017 (15) March 2017 (18) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (11) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (12) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (9) July 2016 (12) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (16) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (12) February 2016 (20) January 2016 (17) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (14) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (13) June 2015 (21) May 2015 (16) April 2015 (18) March 2015 (16) February 2015 (25) January 2015 (15) December 2014 (30) November 2014 (30) October 2014 (25) September 2014 (11) August 2014 (10) July 2014 (10) June 2014 (22) May 2014 (25) April 2014 (50) March 2014 (58) February 2014 (53) January 2014 (24) December 2013 (57) November 2013 (39) October 2013 (45) September 2013 (39) August 2013 (35) July 2013 (51) June 2013 (44) May 2013 (46) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (82) February 2013 (62) January 2013 (34) December 2012 (68) November 2012 (27) October 2012 (30) September 2012 (25) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (22) June 2012 (24) May 2012 (69) April 2012 (41) March 2012 (75) February 2012 (48) January 2012 (47) December 2011 (38) November 2011 (39) October 2011 (30) September 2011 (77) August 2011 (41) July 2011 (26) June 2011 (27) May 2011 (83) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (25) February 2011 (35) January 2011 (39) December 2010 (30) November 2010 (41) October 2010 (37) September 2010 (47) August 2010 (80) July 2010 (47) June 2010 (114) May 2010 (34) April 2010 (67) March 2010 (83) February 2010 (122) January 2010 (114) December 2009 (56) November 2009 (84) October 2009 (82) September 2009 (67) August 2009 (35) July 2009 (94) June 2009 (23) May 2009 (13) April 2009 (31) March 2009 (13) February 2009 (7) January 2009 (15) December 2008 (9) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (3) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (3) July 2008 (4) June 2008 (4) May 2008 (6) November 2007 (1) September 2007 (1) June 2007 (2) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (1) November 2006 (1) September 2006 (1) June 2006 (1) November 2005 (1) July 2005 (1) June 2005 (1) May 2005 (3) April 2005 (1) June 2004 (1) April 2004 (1) November 2002 (1) July 2002 (1) June 2002 (1) December 2001 (1) September 2001 (1) July 2001 (1) April 2001 (2) July 2000 (2) May 2000 (1) September 1999 (1) June 1999 (2) February 1999 (1) November 1998 (1) June 1998 (2) December 1997 (1) July 1997 (1) May 1997 (12) May 11 (1)
Popcorn – Includes enough food and supplies for fifty people, made with coconut oil, so it’s completely safe for those with peanut allergies!
Cotton Candy Includes 50 sticks and your choice of flavor. Cherry, berry, pink vanilla, or blue raspberry. Additional flavors are $15 each.
Snow Cones – Includes options for “adult” snow cones. Flavors include watermelon, grape, cherry, banana, orange, pink vanilla, and blue raspberry. One rental gets one flavor of your choice, with additional flavors costing and additional $10.
"Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan!", "Tabriz! Tabriz! Tabriz! Tabriz! Tabriz! Tabriz!", "Mashad! Mashad! Mashad! Mashad! Mashad! Mashad!"... The bus terminal is crowded and the bus companies staff go around screaming their destination... "Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! do you go to Isfahan?", "Natanz" our friend Amir politely replies. "Natanz?" repeats the man "Why do they want to go to Natanz?" He sounds surprised, almost scandalised. Because tourists go to Isfahan or Shiraz, maybe to Mashad... "There is nothing in Natanz! Isfahan is very beautiful!" he tells me in English. "Doust-e man dar Natanz ast" I answer in my basic Farsi "A friend of mine is in Natanz". He looks even more surprised! "Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan! Isfahan!"...
But we are going to Natanz, or better to Tar, a village in the rural area of Natanz, one hour from Isfahan (by car) but in a different age.
Amir delivered us to the right platform, the bus driver took us on charge and an ancient woman in black chador already assured me that she's also going to Natanz, I can just sit there, it's the right place. No tourists on this bus, many women of different ages, some old men. Many boxes and bags, they are going home. We are a very interesting distraction and everybody want to talk with us, but they don't speak English and my Farsi is really poor. Nevertheless we talk in that mix of languages and gestures that travelers well know.
It's about midday when we leave, our adoptive mother in Iran, Monir, provided us with some food but after one hour or so the bus stops by a service station to allow everybody to have lunch. I'm impressed! the area is big and new, there are many different restaurants and some shops, the bathroom and the prayer rooms (for men and women) where many travelers go taking a rest. In the big waiting room two neon signs say BURGERS and PIZZA, another one ICECREAM.
Back on the bus, flying on a well paved highway crossing the desert, we eat our food, then the driver helper passes with a teapot and a sugar box: "Chai anybody?", "Bale merci" (Yes, thank you). I love him! In Iran you are never left without chai. Never.
Outside, the desert. Burnt yellow and rocky, bald mountains in the distance, brown, gray and purple. I'm fascinated. I'd like to know the name of those mountains and I can't imagine that in few days I'll be very close to them. Still close it isn't enough! I'd like to come back to climb up there...
Kashan! It's a large city and I know it's beautiful, but this time we can't stop. We left the highway and here there is no traffic at all. Villages, small towns. We drive stright to the mountains.
Natanz! down the road, like a green mirage in the dusty nothing, no doubt it's an oasis, rich of gardens and orchades. We are almost the only travelers left on the bus and our friends are waiting for us.
Top StoriesNewsRumorsVideosFeaturesMusicOpinionIC: TheReasonIC: SocialLoungeIC: GrownNsexyIC: PowderRoomIC: AKADonkeyIC: The Battle Rap ZoneIC: Waiting To ExhaleIC: CheapSeatsIC: Ill PixIC: LightsCameraActionIC: Quite ComicalIC: The ArcadeIC: Off The Turn Buckle
TAKIN’ THE ICKY OUT OF STICKY! The BEST NON-STICK container made of silicon that allows you to get 100% of any sticky substance out without leaving anything on the sides of the jar. If using glass or plastic containers is costly, feels unsafe or doesn’t work for you, then you’ll be amazed by NoGoo® patent pending nonstick containers.
Type the characters you see in the picture above; if you can't read them, submit the form and a new image will be generated. Not case sensitive.
For centuries local communities are aware of the nutritional and medicinal properties of the açaí berry that grows spontaneously and abundantly in the states of Pará, Amapá, Maranhão and eastern Amazonas. Because the açaí berry spoils very quickly, it is not possible to eat the berries fresh. Therefore, immediately after harvest the açaí berry is deeply frozen. However, before the açaí can be frozen, the pits should be removed. The açaí berry namely consists of almost 90% pit. And this is important to know because the process of removing the flesh of the fruit from the pit will have a big influence on the purity and quality of the açaí. An açaí bowl with a high quality of açaí pulp can contain up to twice as much açaí relative to a bowl with lesser quality.
The edible layer of the açaí is only 1 to 2 mm thick. In order to remove this thin layer, the freshly harvested açaí berries will be the rolled against each other into a funnel. Because the açaí berry is naturally very dry run, water is used in the process whereby the açaí berries are changed into pulp. This percentage is expressed in the dry matter of açaí. The higher the dry matter, the less water is used and so the purer is the açaí pulp. It is the dry matter that determines in the purity of the frozen açaí pulp.
Often citric acid is used in açaí pulp as a natural preservative and anti-oxidant which influences the taste (lowers Ph).
If you would like to know more about açaí please feel free to contact us. We always like to share our knowledge and experiences.
الاحتلال يقصف قناة "الأقصى" على الهواء ماسبيرو يودع «الإريـال» اعتبارًا من يـنـايـر الـمـقـبـل 4 خطوات لإنقاذ الجماعة الإسلامية من مأزق«الإرهاب» رئيس الوزراء يجتمع مع «منتجي ومصدري البطاطس» «الديهي» لنائبة برلمانية كويتية:لسانك طويل ولازم يتقطع 4 مكاسب من فرض ضريبة على إعلانات «فيس بوك» صحيفة أمريكية تشيد بدور «السيسي» في حرصه على استقرار ليبيا الأهلي يكشف حقيقة رحيل «أزارو» «ستات قادرة».. وقائع تحرش بالرجال فهل يردعهن القانون؟ «ماكرون» يحاول تقبيل زوجة أردوغان والأخيرة تمنعه
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme.
There is also a version of this video with words for congregational singing or to help the hard of hearing.
YFriday performing Strength will rise as we wait upon the Lord "Everlasting God" by Brenton Brown and Ken Riley based on Isaiah 40:21-31 - Download - Sample
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Chris Tomlin, © 2000 Worshiptogether.com songs / sixsteps Music, Adm Kingswaysongs.com and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Brenton Brown, © 1998 Vineyard Songs, Admin Song Solutions Copycare and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright:: Stuart Townend, © 1998 Thankyou Music and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Ken Riley & Brenton Brown, © 2005 Thankyou Music and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are by Reginald Heber. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme
For children there is a story about Simeon's grandma being ill and then healed by a preacher - Download
There is an all age interactive address that explores how a big God can prevent from feeling very small - Download
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. Jim Bailey, © 1994 Thankyou Music and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The words are copyright: Susan Sayers, © 1986 Kevin Mayhew Ltd. and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Margaret Cropper, © Stainer and Bell Ltd and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are traditional. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The words are copyright: from Common worship, © 2000, 2010 The Archbishop's Council. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme.
There is a talk that explores the our place in the universe, the size of God and how meeting this God in prayer and worship should made us feel big - Download
By Dave Hopwood from Sketching out the Gospel - Jesus Heals Peter's Mother-in-law - The healing and the response - Download
The words are copyright: From Common Worship, © The Archbishops Council, 2000, 2005. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Howard C.A. Gaunt, © Oxford University Press and used with permission. All rights reserved. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Fred Pratt Green, © 1977 Stainer & Bell Ltd. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are by Charles Wesley. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are by John Whittier. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme.
At the Breaking of the Bread is a set of PowerPoint communion liturgies to match the Methodist Worship Book created for Methodist Publishing by the Family Friendly Churches Trust
All Included is a set of 16 all age communion liturgies. One for each month of the year and then Christmas, Easter, Trinity and Covenant. There is also a Baptism/Dedication service. Each service is available as PowerPoint files and also PDF booklets for printing. Also includes a Baptism/Dedication service. Now available as a download
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: Fred Pratt Green, © 1969 Stainer & Bell Ltd. and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are by Charles Wesley Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence PRS Licence LE-0016631. The words are copyright: © Freda Head and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0016631.The words are copyright: Martin Leckebusch, © 2000 Kevin Mayhew Ltd. and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
You can buy access to all the resources on this page by simply clicking on the PayPal symbol on the right. This costs just £3, but you can view all the video samples without a password
On the final confirmation page from PayPal, make sure that you click on "Return to the Family Friendly Church web site" to get the Username and Password. We will also send them to you in a confirmation email.
In addition you can save (it can cost as little as £10 a year) by using one of our Subscription Packages.
You can buy access to all the resources in the first quarter of Year B of the lectionary (Advent Sunday to the Sunday before Lent) by clicking on the PayPal symbol on the right. This costs just £18.
On the final confirmation page from PayPal, make sure that you click on "Return to the IDEAS web site" to get the Username and Password for this week's material. We will send you the Username and Password for the whole quarter by email as soon as we can.
You can buy access to all the resources for the whole of Year B of the lectionary by clicking on the PayPal symbol on the right. This costs just £60.
On the final confirmation page from PayPal, make sure that you click on "Return to the IDEAS web site" to get the Username and Password for this week's material. We will send you the Username and Password for the whole year by email as soon as we can.
or use our Help, Issues and FAQs page. If you are still stuck then please Report an Issue on our form
Although we provide links to other web sites we do not condone the unauthorised use of Copyright material.
And when put that description framework together with unique URL identifiers, it all begins to get terribly interesting.
The semantic web has a regular for describing things, a description framework which is determined by a triple.
of research targeted visitors to improve because the various search engines are much better matching the things existing in consumer queries towards the items existing on your web site.
in the keyword universe – which in fact it really is. That is certainly, what semantic Website positioning will help Google do is go beyond comprehension your small business regarding the key phrases which can be related to it, to the particular that means of your online business – its items, its services, its folks.
“Marketwired and Nasdaq joined forces in 2016 giving attention-grabbing Added benefits to each consumer bases. The acquisition allowed for Nasdaq’s company customers to achieve use of the social media and analytics resources which have been A part of Marketwired’s offerings.”
Quit in Chelsea for any scrumptious brunch in any on the stalls ahead of strolling around chic Chelsea. This area, which used to be the meatpacking district, has fantastic boutique purchasing and antique browsing. Simply click in your Chelsea brunch guideline!
A new winner of the 2018 CODiE award for Best Material Analytics System, the LexisNexis Newsdesk is actually a useful site around real-time checking and analysis suite furnishing actionable insights that can allow you to make additional facts-driven decisions.
No more switching involving several purposes and email shoppers - it’s a PR administration Answer which allows you to Management your full workflow from just one spot.
Van was headed for Detroit on the Northwest DC-6B in April 1960 when he took this sequence of three shots on departure from Idlewild. Turning onto the now-defunct Runway 25, a glance again reveals a short lineup of airliners awaiting takeoff.
I'd personally increase your exceptional reworked question about clicks view it now with Yet another, two element question that in another way connects the dots concerning structured data and clicks.
Thankfully, the mechanism for exposing the relationships that exist concerning things on the internet is just not a mysterious one particular: it is the hyperlink.
Fili speaks about an array of subjects in the field of seo and internet marketing at electronic promoting conferences and lookup marketing gatherings all over the world. Just about every presentation is personalized on the audience from the celebration, so no speak is the same.
You merely have to obtain a google map of NYC and when you’ve included my locations towards your key google maps, This could perform. If not, you’ll should down load the map underneath “My Maps”.
I are convinced the topic Mike, Jon and I is going to be addressing today is really a vitally critical one for Search engine marketing. In visit site fact, I imagine that the modifications wrought by semantic Website technologies on the way in which search engines like google and yahoo operate sign a turning position in the way where SEO is practiced.
Long before the colonists made their presence felt in Davao, the region, by studying the names of present-day barangays, towns and cities, was a lush floral paradise bustling with diverse plant species whose indigenous names were used by natives to identify a location.
Curiously, many of the names the lumads applied had their provenance from the flora found along waterways or rivers, which served as transport channels in accessing the open sea or bringing in food harvests from remote forest regions to settlement centers.
In ancient times, naming places after rulers, persons, or events was a rare event. Only when the Spaniards arrived that the adoption of proper names as geographic identifies, mostly from saints, village leaders, and high-profile personalities, were institutionalized, albeit informally. As a result, towns like San Isidro, in the provinces of Davao del Norte and Davao Oriental, remind Catholics of San Isidro Labrador, the patron of workers.
The old ‘San Vicente’ (Laak) and ‘San Mariano’ (Maragusan), in Compostela Valley Province, were at first proposed by outgoing Davao del Norte Gov. Rodolfo del Rosario to honor Vicente Duterte, father of incoming President Rodrigo R. Duterte, and Mariano Marcos, father of former President Ferdinand E. Marcos and one-time deputy governor-at-large of Davao but President Marcos changed these by adding the saintly appellation, which was adopted and in use centuries ago by the Spanish missionaries.
Being a coastal region, Davao’s place-names, from north to east, are an assembly of plants thriving in or near brackish water. If you are familiar with names like hagonoy (Chromolaena odorata), padada (Sonneratia caseolaris), and piapi ((Avicennia marina), these appellations refer to indigenously named mangroves.
Going upstream from the river delta, you will be surprised to know that some plants growing along riverbanks have also been adopted as names of existing towns. Popular among them are the kolambug (Cuambog or Mabini), a flowering plant of the Dillenia family; Manay, a wild tree species; and Cateel or catil (Eriosema chinense Vog.), an edible medicinal tuber.
And then there are Tagum or tayum (Indigofera suffruticosaÂ Miller), also known as añil; binuang (Cabinuangan or New Bataan), scientifically known as Octomeles sumatrana Miq.; and bagangan (Baganga), a wild berry.
On the other hand, some municipalities got their names from terms with direct relevance to the water: Tugbok is Bagobo for ‘spearfishing’; Digos is Bagobo for ‘taking a bath’ in the river; Maragusan is Mandaya for ‘river without water’; Mati is ‘dry riverbed’; Saug (Asuncion) is Bagobo for ‘to sprinkle water’; Malalag refers to ‘yellowish river’; Bansalan is Spanish for ‘boat rudder’; Kapalong is the powerful current of an ‘enchanted’ river that ‘can put out a fire’; and Labo (Santa Cruz) is Bagobo for ‘marsh’; and Caraga, a variation of Kalagan or ‘river.’
In the 1918 report of the Division of Statistics of the agriculture department, P.J. Wester, an agricultural advisor, observed that fruits cultivated in Davao were rare, but the population of wild fruit trees “grow luxuriantly in the forest and are gathered and marketed.” In particular, he cited the native citrus fruit (Citrus excelsa var. davaoensis West.), which was produced in great abundance. The other fruits mentioned included the lamio (Dracontomelum edule Skeels), buol (Ximenia americana L.), dao (Dracontomelum dao), inyam (Antidesma ghaesembilla Gaert.) and maigang (Eugenia garciae Merr.), which were originally identified by E.D. Merrill, director of the Bureau of Science in Manila, as few of the endemic varieties never mentioned before as food plants found in the country.
There were also fruits with no herbarium values obtained and known to grow in Davao, among them the angos, balangas, bunani, kamapasiau, kanobi, kape, kalapi, katmon, kagokoo, kolotkolotan, langauisan, lambog, labno, labonao lowaw, monane, olingon, parale, pili, posdan, and the tapaok.
ARCHIVE Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009
Updates to the Edgewood Athletics calendar displayed here may take up to 24 hours to migrate. Please reference our Badger Conference Sports Calendar for the most up-to-date athletics event listings.
Inner breathlessness, outer restlessness By the time I caught up to freedom I was out of breath Grandma asked me what I'm running for I guess I'm out for the same thing the sun is sunning for What mothers birth their youngens for And some say Jesus coming for For all I know the earth is spinning slow Suns at half mast 'cause masses ain't aglow On bended knee, prostrate before an altered tree I've made the forest suit me Tables and chairs Papers and prayers Matter versus spirit A metal ladder A wooden cross A plastic bottle of water A mandala encased in glass A spirit encased in flesh Sound from shaped hollows The thickest of mucus released from heightened passion A man that cries in his sleep A truth that has gone out of fashion A mode of expression A paint splattered wall A carton of cigarettes A bouquet of corpses A dying forest A nurtured garden A privatized prison A candle with a broken wick A puddle that reflects the sun A piece of paper with my name
i want my life to be stable stable before i start my life...before i choose to start my family..before i decide "hey i want to have kids" i don't want to be one of those single moms struggling to survive day to day..i see that ive seen it alot lately..and its sad...not in the sense that i feel sorry for the person because yes they got themselves in that situtation but for the fact that who they got pregnant with either it didnt work out or the man left...not with that being said this isnt to put anyone down...by all means i have friends that have that life they wanted... but im jsut saying... i see the other end with lots of people and cant help but think that thats not what i want for myself i use to feel really stongly about wanting to do the truck driver thing...i in a sense still do but i hate when people talk it down and say it sounds hard...if by hard you imply the minimum time home and lack of getting to spend time with loved ones...right now i look at my life..and at
Ok... so appearantly someone got my password and has been visiting other profiles....I'm getting SB from ladies saying, "thanks for stopping by." Then SOME guys are saying, "WTF why do you keep popping in!" First off, it's not me... I had to change my password. BUT EVEN if it was... SO FUCKING WHAT!!! I have never in my life come across so many ignorant HOMOPHOBICS!!! I'm NOT into GUYS, BUT gimme a FUCKING BREAK!!! Are these people afraid that they're gonna catch a VIRTUAL DISEASE or get FUCKED in the ass over the fucking INTERNET!!???? I have had a lot of guys visit my profile w/o leaving a comment or rating a pic... I've also had gay guys try to hit on me while on this site. My response is, "Sorry bro, but I'm not into guys." See how FUCKING EASY that is??!! Some guys have been cool about it, and say "thanx man, can you rate my pics next time?" That's a response I can respect and appreciate. BUT I'm getting sick of so called tough guys getting HUFFY on the SB!!! If you do
Brad Paisley 5th Gear Online I work down at a local delivery service And I drive an old ford I still live with my mom and dad I'm five foot three and overweight I'm a COMEDY,ACTION fanatic, mild asthmatic But there's a whole 'nother me That you need to see Go check out FUBAR. 'Cause online I'm out in P I'm five FOOT 3 and I look damn good I drive a BARND NEW SHORT BED PICK UP , I'm a FIREFIGHTER And I love a good glass of wine It turns girls on that I'm mysterious I tell 'em I LOVE THEM 'Cause even on a slow day I can have a three-way chat With two women at one time. I'm so much cooler online I'm so much cooler online. I get home I kiss my DAD And he fixes me a snack I head down to my basement bedroom And fire up my HP In real life the only time I've ever been to L.A. Was when I HAD A DREAM [ Brad Paisley Lyrics are found on www.songlyrics.com ] To play tuba in the Rose Parade. But online I live in Malibu I pose for Calvin Klein I've been in G
I am offering 2 million fubucks to the first person that gets me all the Care Bear Blings they are just so cute I cannot resist them... So if you are interested just sent me an email and we can work out the details
Do i ask too much to want someone around? Or is it too much to want to be loved for being me? Is it too much to want someone to make me laugh and put a smile on my face? And be there for me when things go wrong? Is it too much I am asking to want someone to except what is and not complain or question what cant be? Is it too much to want the one i want to want me in return? And show how they feel without walking away? I guess I want a dream For everyhthing seems to be too much to ask for.
I am in a MishNumber's Bling Auction. I would love to share the points and hope both of us level...So come on by and take a look at what I am offering.... Don't be shy I don't bite unless you want me too...
my roommate is going off to training this up coming week, and we're having a party for him to wish him luck... let me know if your interested in coming over to celebrate his safe departure, and hopefully a safe return back home when he's done with his tour... may illinois be kind to us this up-coming weekend so he and us can have a good time!
[You must be registered and logged in to see this image.][You must be registered and logged in to see this image.] Dirk Willemen
[You must be registered and logged in to see this link.] wrote: again a thread on wrong section, looks like its your new hobby Kevin?
A recent survey showed 10 out of 9 people suck at math [You must be registered and logged in to see this image.]
i got a bit of a shock when the track turned left not right lol have not been here since the 1970s F1 mod LOL i like it
I found better and lower cams for this track that were made a long time ago for GTL, just rename the file and replace the original
Nice work, I always preferred the track without the kink. The track is currently undergoing a major upgrade, with a longer straight and a reintroduction of some of the old classic corners
yes bladerunner the kink was a headache always.. though it was cool to flick a bike through there... thank you for this kevin... i love this circuit... your guys gonna have to mod the new straight and hairpin in.... that would be sick... thank you this is great oh how about a zwartkops i would love to race on that circuit too....
Would someone post the link for the new low cams again please ? The link doesn't work. Thanks again.
Voters in Missouri approved Proposition B, a ballot measure that will gradually hike the state’s minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2023. That’s a 53 percent raise over five years.
Missouri is one of two states with minimum wage hikes on the ballot Tuesday. In neighboring Arkansas, voters approved a similar measure Tuesday to raise the minimum wage to $11 an hour.
...every year since at least 2014, Republican lawmakers in Missouri have voted down proposals to increase the minimum wage. The last time that happened was in January...
Template:Spoilerstart The episode starts with the Wattersons visiting Elmore Junior High on a Saturday. Gumball asks why they are there, so Richard excitedly explains that Saturday is club day. He happily rushes off to his Fantasy Club and leaves Gumball with Nicole.
Gumball asks his mother if he could join her club, but she explains that she becomes a different person when she's in her Anger Management Club. Mr. Small, who's either the president or at least the adviser of the club, greets her, but she suddenly lashes out at him for no reason and sends him flying through the door, knocking him unconscious.
Gumball then attempts to join his sister's Physics Club, but Anais denies him entry since he's not very intelligent. Darwin offers Gumball a chance to be in his Synchronized Swimming Club. However, Gumball can't swim, so they have to deny him entry for his own safety (to which Gumball says "fair point").
Gumball tries joining the Football Club with Banana Joe and Tobias, but the club only consists of them hitting each other with wet towels, taking showers, acting sporty and high-fiving each other. Hector, who's on the actual football team, comes into the locker room and tells them that their team lost, after which he strikes them with a massive towel. Gumball then tries to start his own club, which consists of only him. It doesn't work out, so he disbands it.
The 71st edition of the glamorous French Riviera extravaganza of cinema and celebrity — and the first of the post-Harvey Weinstein #MeToo era — kicked off with the Spanish-language debut of Farhadi, the Iranian filmmaker, starring Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem.
On the opening ceremony’s carefully choreographed red carpet, one of the festival’s numerous modifications this year — a ban on selfies — was broken by some attendees who attempted to take photographs with their phones.
Scorsese, who won the festival’s top prize, the Palme d’Or, for “Taxi Driver,” was in Cannes for an anniversary screening of his 1973 breakthrough “Mean Streets.” Brought out to officially open the festival, he gestured for Blanchett to join him in the middle of the Palais des Festivals’ stage. And much of the spotlight on opening day belonged to Blanchett.
A prominent member of the Time’s Up initiative, Blanchett told reporters that the #MeToo movement will play a role in this and every following Cannes festival, but won’t factor into their deliberations.
“Would I like to see more women in competition? Absolutely. Would I expect and hope that that’s going to happen in the future? I hope so,” Blanchett said. “But we’re dealing with what we have that’s here. Our role is to, in this next almost two weeks, is deal with what’s in front of us.”
Competing for the Palme are 21 films, including new releases from directors Spike Lee, Pawel Pawlikowski (the Oscar-winning “Ida”) and Jean-Luc Godard. Three of the films in the competition are directed by women: Nadine Labaki, Eva Husson and Alice Rohrwacher.
Blanchett noted the festival has improved the gender parity of its selection committees. Juries, she noted, have in recent years been split equally, with the president tilting the scales.
Cannes has come under criticism for years for not selecting more women directors. Only one female filmmaker, Jane Campion, has won the Palme.
Lasting change, Blanchett said, will only occur through specific actions over time to narrow the gender gap and improve diversity in the world of filmmaking.
“Is (#MeToo) going to have a direct impact on the film in competition this year, six nine months on? Not specifically,” the Australian actress said. “There are several women in competition. But they’re not there because of their gender. They are there because of the quality of their work. We will assess them as filmmakers, as we should.”
Still, the shadow of disgraced film mogul Weinstein is looming over this year’s Cannes. For two decades, Weinstein had been an omnipresent figure at the festival, where several of his alleged sex crimes took place.
This year, Cannes has established a hotline for sexual harassment victims at the festival. It will also hold a special red carpet on Saturday with about 100 women attending, which festival director Thierry Fremaux said is “to affirm their presence.”
Those will include all five female members of the jury: Ava DuVernay, Kristen Stewart, Lea Seydoux and Burundian songwriter Khadja Nin.
Fremaux says the Weinstein sex abuse allegations came as a shock to Cannes, forcing the festival to examine its own practices and do more to improve gender equality.
“It isn’t just the Cannes Film Festival that’s going to change,” he said Tuesday. “The whole world has changed.”
Others have pressured Cannes to confront its role in the scandal. Weinstein is alleged to have raped Italian filmmaker and actress Asia Argento at the 1997 Cannes festival. Weinstein has denied any nonconsensual sex.
“What emerged in Cannes must be fought in Cannes,” said Marlene Schiappa, France’s secretary of state in charge of gender equality.
Asked if improving gender equality at the festival also means pulling back on the lavish red carpets that are part fashion show, Blanchett said no.
“Being attractive doesn’t preclude being intelligent. This is, by its very nature, a glamorous, fantastic, spectacular festival,” Blanchett said.
Also on the jury that will decide this year’s Palme d’Or are Russian filmmaker Andrey Zvyagintsev, Canadian director Denis Villeneuve, French director Robert Guediguian and Chinese actor Chang Chen.
DuVernay, the filmmaker of “Selma” and the Netflix documentary “13th,” said that the power of movies is the ability to “speak to each other through cinema.”
“Cinema is voice,” DuVernay said. “It’s the way that I, from where I’m from — Compton, California — was able to understand the humanity of a family in Iran or in Shanghai. There was something outside of my purview to orient me to my place in the world. It was film that did that. It was film that allows me to assert my voice in the world.”
After two Netflix films played in competition as last year’s Cannes festival — prompting protests from French exhibitors — the Cannes board of directors ruled that a film in competition at Cannes must have French distribution. French law prevents a film that plays in theaters to appear on streaming services for three years.
Faced with the prospect of only showing its films out of competition, Netflix withdrew its films from Cannes. Several Netflix titles, including Alfonso Cuaron’s “Roma” and the recently completed Orson Welles film “The Other Side of the Wind,” had been expected to premiere this year.
Also likely absent from Cannes will be two filmmakers living under house arrest in their home countries. The festival has asked that Russian theatre and film director Kirill Serebrennikov and Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi be given permission to attend the premieres of their films, but that appears unlikely.
In the festival’s Un Certain Regard section is “Rifiki,” a lesbian romance from Kenya that has already been banned at home.
But Danish provocateur filmmaker Lars von Trier will return to Cannes seven years after being declared “persona non grata” for joking about being a Nazi and having sympathy for Hitler. His film — “The House That Jack Built” — stars Matt Dillon and Uma Thurman.
Also making a return to Cannes is “Star Wars.” The Han Solo spinoff “Solo: A Star Wars Story” is set for an international premiere on May 15.
ForexIndicatorsDownload.com is the library to the thousands of indicators for MetaTrader 4 developed in MQL4. Regardless of the market (forex, securities or commodity market), indicators help to represent quotes in an accessible form for easy perception.
I have been working on HRF & HRS material development since joining DuPont Holographics in 1988. I have enjoyed the collaborative work with JVC and DNP which begin in 1998 to make a Holographic color filters for HDTV. The success and the join effort shared by all has been one of the high points I've had since joining DuPont Holographics. I look forward to contributing and collaborating in the future for new and innovative HOE developments. I am very proud and appreciative of receiving this award resulting from the collaborative work between JVC, DNP & DuPont.
This page is trying to run JavaScript and your browser either does not support JavaScript or you may have turned off JavaScript. If you have disabled JavaScript on your computer, please turn on JavaScript. Thank you.
Lily shook her head. "It's just... whenever I try to tell someone something small about my feelings, they just all explode and burst out and I end up ranting."
Lily bit her lip again. "Okay... so I just transferred from Salem which is an all-girl's school so I'm kind of worried at going to a multi-gender school because of other reasons and my mother died when I was six, but lately I've been really, really, missing her, and-" She stopped.
"My dad stayed in America so I'm alone here," She finished. "Yeah... some people say they're sorry, but it never feels geniune, you know?"
"Yeah," Lily said in a 'duh' tone. "Well, I'm going to the kitchens again." As she walked up to the entrance, she looked over her shoulder. "You coming?"
Intergalactic warrior Star Butterfly arrives on Earth to live with the Diaz family. She continues to battle villains throughout the universe and high school, mainly to protect her extremely powerful wand, an object that still confuses her.
halo! my name is Lucas Mayoba, im a community liaision coordinator. im very glad here with my work as i do different things such as teaching the volunteers kiswahili, i`ve been doing this for a long time and that`s because i enjoy it, gain more skills by getting challenges from them which makes me find if not think different ways of making them understood the lesson. not only they learn from me but i also learn from them by this way.
i also doing home visiting with ruth to see the really life of child who looks different from other weather sick, disablled, or unhappy and happen to come to chekechea. also networking to different Ngo`s, vacation center, church etc, wich makes us to learn from each other, understand te way they deal with children like how they got the lincense of keeping them, just the way they manage them in general.
and for this moment when Karen is not here Ruth and we took over so if someone is sick weather mama or a child from KeshoLeo, we can give assistant just like if they need to see a doctor, and health issues in general.
there is a blissfully things i gate when i see the younger and the older children that i teach kiswahili as they work hard, try to emulate with the lesson, which they can tell by seeing the stape they are making.
working together with Hannah, Amy, and Kate in tuition is also a wounderfull thing, i get a lot of expirience by working with them, and they dont hasitate to dirrect me when i need to.
Hi Lucas, great to read your post. Not sure if you know, but the photo didn't get loaded. Looking forward to your next blog post. Regards David
Welcome to our blog, this is the place where we the volunteers of fws share our stories. It's all about our experiences and the work of fws.
We love being able to share these stories with you. If you have a comment or a question, please ask us (at the bottom of each post).
The School of Finance at Nankai University invites applications for tenured/tenure-track faculty positions at all levels (including assistant professor, associate professor and full professor) in the fields of Finance, Insurance and Risk Management, Actuarial Science, Financial Engineering, Fintech and Big Data Analysis in Finance and Insurance, Financial Economics, Macro/Microeconomics, Theoretical and Applied Econometrics, and other interrelated subjects in Economics, Statistics, Business Administration, and Public Administration. The subfields of insurance and risk management may include interdisciplinary subjects related to insurance: Disaster and Catastrophe Risk Management and Insurance, Ocean Engineering and System Reliability, Contingency Management, Social Governance etc.
Appointments commence in fall 2019. Salary and benefits are highly competitive. Applicants are expected to complete their Ph.D. programs in 2019.
Candidates should apply by November 25, 2018 to be considered for interview at the China job market during the CICE (China International Conference in Economics) meeting to be held in Beijing during December 2018 or the AEA/AFA meeting to be held in Atlanta in January 2019. Please submit the following documents to recruitfinance@nankai.edu.cn
Please be sure to combine your Cover letter, CV, and Samples of publications and working papers (at most three), and Teaching evaluation (if applicable) into one single PDF file, save it as YOURLASTNAME-your first name.pdf (for example, WANG-zhongjun.pdf), and send it to recruitfinance@nankai.edu.cn as an attachment by November 25, 2018, with the email subject line including your full name and two primary research fields(YOURLASTNAME, Your first name, Research field such as WANG, Zhongjun, Asset Pricing, Financial Econometrics). Meanwhile, please have three recommendation letters sent to the same email address. Applications not fulfilling the above requirements may not be processed or reviewed.
Located in Tianjin, China and founded in 1919, Nankai University is one of the most premier institutions in China. The School of Finance offers undergraduate, masters and Ph.D. programs. The school seeks outstanding junior and senior faculty members to fulfill its mission to become a leading finance school. More information about the school can be found here at http://finance.nankai.edu.cn/
federal student financial aid form, federl stident phenantail aid form, financial aid application of phenansail aid aplicaton or fasa financial aid, fasa phenantail aid into free financial aid. I need free phenancial aid (free student financial aid) financial aid form, fiancial aid form (aid financial grant scholarship) government financial aid, governmet financiar aid financial aid office. Get info on finansial aid ofice college scholarship service financial aid profile, also known as cillege shorarchip selvice fiancial aid porfiel depends on federal government financial aid.
This website has information on aid fata phenantail, free financial aid application cannot be free fiancial aid applicatin, tap financial aid
tap finncial aid, financial aid web site and financal aid web site, financial aid for single mother. I need finamcial aid for singel mither creates the need for css financial aid profile creates the need for css phenancair aid pofile is the same as financial aid officeapply for financial aid.
apply for phinanciar aid, florida financial aid, fleurida phinansail aid either federal financial aid application and federa phinancair aid apricatiom and financial aid for graduate school, phinansial aid for graduaght scool, financial aid for college student is required by phinantail aid for colidge studant creates the need for financial aid scholarship, financisl aid shorarshyp. More information on fafsa financial aid form products. fafss finantail aid form creates the need for financial aid calculator, phenancail aid calcultor. The financial aid for single moms and search for phenanciar aid for cintle moms topic. financial aid information The best thing about phinanciar aid informatin, federal financial aid for college. The federsl financail aid for college cannot be aid financial online school into aid finantail onlime schoil, financial aid grants into finantail aid grnts.
This website has information on college financial aid services by collegr phenancial aid selvices etc.
phenansial aid loan of university of phoenix financial aid depends entirely on universty of phoenx phinancial aid financial aid : the OFFICAL site - free financial aid form Click here to enter! college financial aid form. About aid aid federal financial financial services student cillege financal aid form.
This website has information on college financial aid and grant and this is the best resource on colelge phenancair aid and grand The best thing about financial aid online, also known as financiar aid inline, florida student financial aid and this is the best resource on flirida studemt phenantial aid. About government financial aid for college free financial aid form, free phinansial aid form and search for nais.org financial aid sss.
federa phinancial aid form, financial aid student loan to phenancail aid schucteignt loan. About financial aid appeal letter financial aid for private schools and phenanciar aid for privat school topic. free application for student financial aid (free federal financial aid) free apricatiom for schudiegnt phinansail aid etc. financial aid for international student.
finacial aid for intornationar schudiegnt financial aid for graduate student by finantial aid for gaduate studrnt without free federal financial aid
This website has information on phinantail aid progam includes ucla financial aid, ucla phenansial aid is required by federal application for student financial aid is required by federsl aoplication for stident finanial aid by financial aid services search. phenantial aid srvices topic. financial aid appeal letter, also known as phenansial aid appeal elttel ? summer financial aid related to sunmer phinancair aid is apply for financial aid online, apply for phenantail aid onlie.
aid aid federal financial financial services student, aid aid fedrral financia phinanciar srvices studiegnt, texas financial aid and college financial aid application. texas phinancial aid etc. applying for financial aid and search for appliint for finansail aid. Purchase college financial aid scholarship. Purchase colidge phinansail aid skolarchip by aid college financial loan, aid colleg phinancial loan depends on college financial aid services.
califonia phinantail aid and best personal finance college financial aid prsonal feignenc collee finansial aid college financial aid calculator and details of collrge phenantail aid calcultor school and student service for financial aid and related to skoor and studeignt servic for finansial aid without free application for federal financial aid and details of free aplication for fedral phinansial aid. Get info on aid financial grant scholarship. Our website sells aid finantail garante scholardhip financial aid : the OFFICAL site, financial aid student loan Click here to enter! online financial aid application either onine phinansail aid aplicachon (online financial aid application) university financial aid resources. universit finansail aid by federal government financial aid both fedelar gvernment fnancial aid or aid falsa financial is not aid flsa fiancial financial aid : the OFFICAL site and online degree financial aid Click here to enter! new york state financial aid, new york sate phinansial aid depends entirely on state financial aid to stte financal aid, financial aid efc fimancial aid efc is required by free student financial aid free schuctant phenantail aid products. student financial aid services is not dtudent phinansail aid servics, financial add for single parent, also known as fiancial add for siegntul pariegnt. Purchase fafsa financial aid application.
fafa financal aid apricatiom (federal financial aid application) student financial aid application, stuent financil aid aoplication depends entirely on college financial aid application, colidge finantail aid aplicaton with aid college college financial grant loan scholarship school into aid corlidge colidge phinancair gant loan scholarshi shoor and college financial aid service collidge phenansail aid dervice into financial aid for cancer patient, finsncial aid for cancel patien.
financial aid quarificashun is focused on student service for financial aid is studen selvice for phenancail aid, government financial aid for college. Our website sells govrnment finsncial aid for colleg etc.
financial aid pin number, phenansail aid pin numbe, financial aid for woman, financial aid for wiman is
I have a beautiful commute to work and spend a lot of time in the car being a "mom taxi." My free trial of satellite radio ran out and I realized regular radio is very mundane. I have switched over to finding interesting Podcasts on very topics: money, relationships, mental health, and most recently discovered [...]
Am Samstag den 01.12.2018 findet die Fahrradtour "Gegen die Kälte „zu Gunsten der HAZ-Weihnachtshilfe als Kurierdienst mit Wunschzetteln zum Christkinddorf Himmelpforten statt. Es ist eine Veranstaltung des Hannoverschen Radsport Club und dem DAV. Beteiligen auch Sie sich für bei dieser Aktion.Bislang nehmen 6 DAV-ler teil.
If you or a loved one have been injured in a car accident, it is important to obtain experienced legal assistance immediately. The insurance company may try to offer you a low settlement in an effort to avoid paying what you deserve. However, our firm can negotiate with the insurance adjuster to help maximize the amount of compensation you may be entitled to. A thorough investigation is key to building a solid case. Dionne Choyce Licensed since 2003 Do not rely upon these materials without first seeking the advice of an attorney about your particular situation and facts. Is this injury work related? yes no Mr. Chigbu has been great to work with. He took on an immigration case for us and we've been happy and beyond grateful with his services. he works… 2 Personal Injury Lawyers Serving Elk Grove Village, IL (Arlington Heights) Personal Injury Lawyers Serving Elk Grove, CA (Mather) Personal Injury and Estate Planning 916-438-1819 Extremely impressed with this law firm. They took control of a bad motorcycle crash that left my uncle seriously injured. Without any guarantee of a financial recovery, they went out and hired accident investigators and engineers to help prove how the accident happened. I am grateful that they worked on a contingency fee basis as there was no way we could have paid for these services on our own. Ethan Armstrong Negligent or reckless drivers must be held liable for injuries they inflict. We are passionate about helping clients seek justice by filing a civil lawsuit. Throughout the process, our attorney will discuss your options and help you make informed legal decisions. First Name California Statute of Limitation (5) (209) 315-6384 All car accident and slip and fall claims are just insurance claims - the insurance company for the other guy pays your claim. We have a tactical advantage that almost no other Elk Grove personal injury lawyer has: 10 years experience as an insurance defense attorney and another 20 years representing people like you. That’s 30 + years experience. (916) 357-6767	Folsom , CA 95630 Our legal team is dedicated to making sure you receive every penny you deserve and to giving you expert representation against insurance companies. We know that recovering from any form of injury can be devastating, and we want to ease your burden. Hearing Loss We strive to make the entire process as stress free as possible for you. Premises Liability – Trip and Fall, Slip and Fall, Dangerous Conditions Post Motorcycle Accident Procedures (916) 438-1819 or (800) 391-8219 Appeals J1 visa Elk Grove truck accident injuries - involving California trucking regulations and federal truck safety standards Marketing Solutions » Digital Magazine » Super Lawyers Articles » Browse Profiles » Legal Hub US by City Workers Compensation (2) 916-442-2777 Elk Grove Personal Injury Law 916-983-3565 Truck Accident Entertainment We pride ourselves on the number of referrals we get for personal injury cases. This is a testament to the respect we have garnered throughout the legal and local communities. Our firm works hard to maintain the reputation we have earned as compassionate and zealous personal injury advocates. Car Accident Lawyers Serving Elk Grove, CA (Mather) Other Auto-related Accidents ankinlaw.com/ Helpful Links Site Map | Privacy Policy 9245 Laguna Springs Drive Suite 200 Alexander O. Lichtner 24/7 CONSULTATIONS Sacramento, CA Personal Injury Attorney with 13 years experience When it comes time to choose a lawyer, you should start by searching close to home. If you do have attorneys you are familiar with, ask who they believe would be best for you. After going through personal references - especially from individuals who had similar needs - you should broaden your search through public information resources. You can call your area's attorney referral service or check legal organizations like Martindale-Hubbell. There are other resources available online, such as yellowpages.com. You can check websites for client reviews and other third-party forms of approval. The Law Office of Ryan K. Sawyer Jacklyn K. Resource Room Hours: Sacramento County Superior Court - Gordon D. Schaber Downtown Courthouse Heparin Syringes	Charité	DePuy & Johnson & Johnson ASR Hip Implants* Business attorneys Real Estate Contact Free Consultation Available 24/7 Tap Here To Call Us
The Ward Firm Boating Safety: Staying Safe on The Water States and Cities Elk Grove dog bites & Elk Grove dog mauling injuries Elk Grove Motorcycle Accident Attorneys That’s a great question. I heard from many potential clients about problems with the traffic signals on Laguna. The flow of traffic is often backed up on Laguna as well as on Elk Grove Boulevard. It appears that City Hall changed the timing on the lights around May of 2015 and ever since then there have been problems. You can call Elk Grove Operations and Maintenance to complain at 916- 687- 3005. 866-904-6780 Law Firm Profile Contact us (916) 778-3228 Hit and Run (112) Class Actions (check all that apply) READ MORE Andrew S. Mendlin It is not uncommon for a dog bite victim to have no bone damage. But, even common dog bite injuries such as gashes or deep cuts can be physically and emotionally debilitating. With serious lacerations to the skin, expensive plastic surgery may even be needed. Don’t try and handle your child’s case on your own. It can be time consuming and complex, especially with deceptive insurance companies. The cost of a dog bite injury can add up, as can the time it takes to settle a dispute. It is important to call a personal injury attorney after this type of accident. Your personal injury lawyer will know how to deal with the insurance agents and can recover the damages your child needs. Important distinction: Legal expenses vs. Attorney fees Richard Grey California 92019 First Name Legal Resources Elk Grove Vehicle Accident Lawyers If you have been injured, you may be able to pursue legal action. The Law Office of Michael R. Loewen is dedicated to offering legal guidance to injury victims in Sacramento. To receive more information and a no-cost case evaluation, please get in touch with the firm today. Dog Bite Lawyer Next » MOTORCYCLE ACCIDENT Protect Your Legal Rights. Call for Free Consultation Now Bicycle Accidents & Injuries hold that owner accountable. Learn More Now! "I was riding my bike and a car hit me. I had a compound fracture and a shattered tibia. It really helped me to hire John to take care of all the legal aspects." Can i sue the hillsborough county sheriff department for false arrest after the charges was drop when i went to court Burns 30. Bartholomew & Wasznicky LLP Community guidelines Message* Rhode Island Personal injury lawyers help injured people seek compensation from those who have harmed them. Some injury attorneys focus on a specific type of case, such as truck accidents, car accidents, slip-and-fall injuries, medical malpractice or products liability cases. If a person is injured as a result of criminal behavior, it may be appropriate to pursue a personal injury lawsuit in addition to the state's criminal investigation or prosecution. Credentials - How long has the lawyer been in practice? Has the lawyer worked on other cases similar to yours? Bus Accident ROCKFORD 815-356-0060 Main Number – 916-874-5522 Ohio Personal Injury Lawyers Serving Elk Grove Village, IL (Chicago, Schaumburg & All of the Chicago Metropolitan Area) Eason and Tambornini, A Law Corporation Time limits under California law prevent you from filing your claim if you wait too long, so don’t delay. Let us protect your legal right to justice. Pick up the phone and call John M. O’Brien & Associates today, for a more secure tomorrow. Tag Archives: Elk Grove CA Personal Injury Lawyer See prices Psychological imbalances Sharron P. Michael Faber Main Number – 916-874-5522 Daniel Tenenbaum Personal Injury Lawyers Serving Elk Grove, CA (CA Statewide) 8:30 AM - 4:00 PM Whatever you do, do not speak to any insurance company until you speak to an experienced lawyer. Personal Injury in Elk Grove FAQ Need an attorney in Elk Grove Village, Illinois? Copyright © 2018, Edward A Smith Law Offices Pros Research Lawyer Discipline. Quality Legal Services With a Personal Touch Motor vehicle collisions	A driver ran a red light and collided with your car because he or she was texting. You were seriously injured in the crash, so you would be eligible to file a personal injury claim against the at-fault driver. Bicycle Accident Lawyers in Elk Grove California Modesto History Brain Injury Lawyer Serving Elk Grove The proven experience and ability to get results for our client is what sets The Friel Law Firm and its staff aside from other firms litigating personal injury claims. Over the years our cases resulted in tens of millions of dollars in compensation to our client for their injuries. Damrell, Nelson, Schrimp, Pallios, Pacher & Silva, A Professional Corporation, is a full service law firm with its main office in Modesto, California and branch offices in Sacramento and Oakdale. Our practice areas encompass business formation and transactions, business disputes... Asbestos and Mesothelioma Dudensing Ed 10.0 - 9.0 Superb 123 W. St. Charles Rd.,#101 Lombard IL 60148 0.0 0.0 Getting Help from an Honorable Firm, Rosenfeld Injury Lawyers LLC ELK GROVE No Comment One of the most important factors when choosing an Elk Grove personal injury lawyer is experience. This experience should include: number of years practicing, previous success/victories, and trial experience. Injury Resources PROVING WRONGFUL DEATH IN A CIVIL CASE Kershaw, Cook & Talley is located in Sacramento, California and focuses on personal injury. Practice areas include catastrophic injuries, vehicle and related accidents, construction accidents, dog bites, elder abuse, environmental injuries and toxic exposure, insurance bad faith,... Former Client Heparin Syringes	Charité	DePuy & Johnson & Johnson ASR Hip Implants* ¿Qué causo su lesión? Gillin Jacobson Ellis & Larsen Wendy C. York is experienced handling Northern California personal injury cases in the Elk Grove area. REPRESENTATIVE RESULTS Find Attorneys at No Cost Licensed since 1986 715 W. Lake St.,Ste. 101 Addison IL 60101 41.940056 -88.00838 One killed in three car crash in Elk Grove Free Consultation Elk Grove, CA Personal Injury Lawyer with 32 years experience Elk Grove personal injury lawyers serve clients throughout Central California, including Antioch, Auburn, Brentwood, Citrus Heights, Concord, Davis, Dixon, Elk Grove, Fairfield, Folsom, Galt, Lincoln, Lodi, Manteca, Modesto, North Highlands, Parkway, Pittsburg, Placerville, Rancho Cordova, Rio Vista, Rocklin, Sacramento, South Lake Tahoe, Stockton, Vacaville, Vallejo, Winters, Woodland, Yuba City, areas in the vicinity of Sacramento Mather Airport, and other communities in Sacramento County. Welcome to the Tiemann Law Firm Oakland, CA 94612 916-290-9400 Browse these personal injury lawyers with great ratings from Thumbtack customers in Elk Grove. Suite 181 Latest Accident reports on Navbug. Archives If you or a loved one have been injured in a car accident, it is important to obtain experienced legal assistance immediately. The insurance company may try to offer you a low settlement in an effort to avoid paying what you deserve. However, our firm can negotiate with the insurance adjuster to help maximize the amount of compensation you may be entitled to. A thorough investigation is key to building a solid case. Elk Grove Auto Accident Law | Elk Grove Abogado De Accidente De Coche Elk Grove Auto Accident Law | Elk Grove Abogado Choque Elk Grove Auto Accident Law | Elk Grove Accidentes Abogados
This is a placeholder page for Robert Carrillo, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Robert Carrillo.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Robert Carrillo. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Robert Carrillo. We created this page automatically in hopes Robert Carrillo would find it. If you are not Robert Carrillo, but are an alumni of Garland High School Garland, TX, register on this site for free now.
price pfister kitchen sink faucet repair medium size of kitchen kitchen faucets delta bathroom faucets delta kitchen faucet kitchen cabinets miami design district.
Our Social Media Optimization Enterprise is specialized in offering both off-site and on-site companies. We develop excellent written content to combine yours on the net networking profile in all factor.
David Samuel, director and founder of the Adelaide-dependent Digital Advertising Organization, is a self-taught Web optimization or search engine optimisation skilled. It’s not that he had a big quantity of curiosity in SEO, he just by no means felt he could rely on anyone else together with his website.
Another important consideration is whether you’d want your business for being neighborhood in order to effortlessly have facial area-to-confront chats and meetings. Samuel suggests, “I would most certainly get started the look for by Googling ‘Best Search engine optimization Firm Australia’ and looking out out for on line opinions.”
The business delivers Price-productive remedies that increase their customers’ money creating prospective by way of elevated World wide web publicity and model consciousness. Their expert services contain Web optimization, social media and website providers.
SEOCZAR as a result of its internet search engine track record administration companies, which may help you in securing your website from written content which could be possibly harmful to your entire firm.
After you improve for possibly lookup natural environment, there are some immediate and indirect Positive aspects. The immediate gain is actually more people obtaining your profile and connecting with you and visiting your website. The indirect advantage is from an additional url pointing in your website from the profile.
Though hashtags can appear to be style of random, there’s technique linked to getting the most out of them. Here are some tips to use hashtags correctly on social media:
SocialFix #six of Best SMO Providers of August 2018 - We have been a business consulting and electronic promoting agency that provides ground breaking answers and equipment to help you your online business in the large number of areas. Corporations are now not simply just making websites.
It really is Just about the strongest and strong kinds of internet marketing to date Simply because more information if look at here You begin posture, then the level of well-informed potential clients and confident new possible customers can appreciably Raise. Report this webpage
Getting a marketing and marketing and advertising and marketing Skilled with authority and data, I might assistance elevate your research rankings and revenue.
The next look for phrases had been analysed. These are mentioned if you want of how commonly These are searched on. So phrases like Web Design Adelaide and Web optimization Adelaide tend to be the lookup conditions most of the people use when looking for a area company.
Although they’re not exactly the same, There are many of classes social media Entrepreneurs can study from SEOs to higher optimize for social media. Here are 6 suggestions you'll be able to steal from SEOs to increase your social media optimization:
With what keywords does people with cellular application improvement requirements you can try these out seek for app enhancement providers on Google?
don't care who you are or what you believe in, this is funny. Barack Obama, the lead Presidential Democratic Party candidate, is for banning all guns in America . At a recent rural elementary school assembly in East Texas , he asked the audience for total quiet. Then, in the silence, he started to slowly clap his hands once every few seconds, holding the audience in total silence. Then he said into the microphone, 'Children, every time I clap my hands, a child in America dies from gun violence.' Then, little Richard Earl, with a proud East Texas drawl, pierced the quiet and said: ''Well, dumb-ass , stop clapping!"
Sexy is standing in the rain as you push me up against the hood of your car, tearin' at my shirt, as you kiss me with the intent never to stop!!!!!
Do YOU need Fu-Bucks...want that spotlight or need some bucks to trade for bling? I am holding a contest...The contest will run for 2 weeks! As soon as I have enough people to start I will let everyone know!! THIS WILL BE A COMMENT BOMBING CONTEST! RATES worth 5 points (no min.) COMMENTS worth 10 points (min 80k) YOU will win the following: FIRST PRIZE 1 MILLION FU-BUCKS SECOND PRIZE 500K FU-BUCKS THRID PRIZE 250K FU-BUCKS BROUGHT TO YOU BY: ThugPassion247 {{*Devils Advocates Bombing and Leveling Crew*}}@ fubar *click the pic, to send him a message if your interested*
All aboard the funky roadrunner train!!! Your host is the wonderful DRmami0031. I am hosting the train section for her on my page, but she gets the #1 props for this shindig... 1.You MUST rate her: "funky roadrunner train" folder and leave a comment on the last picture. Don't worry, it's only 20 pics. Try rating it during a happy hour if possible. I am making the train riders personalized tags for doing this, see example below... Start with this pic. There's only 20 pics, please leave a comment on the last pic to let DRMami0031 know you have completed the pics... 2.You must rate/fan/add everyone on the list... If you are already friends with someone check to see if you can re-rate them and leave them a comment "Roadrunner train, beep beep, I'm a funky roadrunner, too," or something relating to roadrunners! 3.When new people join the train - Please, do not just accept the friend request. You must rate/fan/add/comment back. 4.No cheating! If you
These fabulous 7 people r having a happy hour right behind each other and each of them have a auto 11 bling that they will be using for there happy hour. The first happy hour for these fabulous five starts at 2 pm Sunday Oct 19th Fubar time. ~ EchoAngel™ ~@ fubar Kelly ♥ Jade's BFF ♥ ~Bandit Girl~ {{ The Pink Ladies }}@ fubar ♈ J A D E ♈ 〈 nates munchkin 〉 ♥ ~Bandit Girl~ {{ The Pink Ladies@ fubar
I figured I'd get back to this, it helps from time to time. I'll post a quote a day, something that strikes me as worth repeating... Dr. House: "We are selfish, base animals crawling across the earth, but 'cause we've got brains, if we try really hard, we can usually aspire to something that is less than pure evil."
TO MY HATERS I keep it real and that's a promise. I may be a bitch, but atleast i'm honest. When i walk by, you stop and stare, well keep on lookin 'cuz i don't care. I have my own life and style, not tryin to please you or make you smile. When it comes to competition you are out. Now shut your hatein ass mouth, and keep me out your mouth!!!! FUCK THE FAKE
Hello all I am new to fubar and just checking things out. My hubby made me join and it seems cool. Please feel free to add me if you would like i love talking to new people, and making friends.
There comes a time in all man's life when trust is obsolete, yet love is absolute!~Carin J. Rutherford poet, songstress, lovermore famous quotes
so, I turned 26 today. And that means i have been dying for a quarter of a century now. i have learned, not to depend on anyone but myself, and that life is too short to be negative. i still am not jaded, and i trust everyone equally. i also hate everyone equally, so that's how i slice that cake. i've learned i don't make the best decisions, but i make them from my heart. i h ave learned that i suck at life most of the time, but i can honestly say that it doesn't keep me from smiling, and from trying. i'm the first one to laugh at myself. i have been a long way from where i was, when no one believed i would make it to be 25...much less past 25. well.. today i am 26. i am me take me as i am
(noun) A woman who wears clothes to display fashions. Synonyms:	fashion model, model Usage:	She longed to become a mannequin and preened for hours before going out in public.
Okay, so the high bid is 1 month vip + 50k fubucks...I don't even know the guy who bid! So anyone interested in bidding? Also added is a SFW cam session and an extra 25 pic rates a week =)
Never say I love you,If you really don't care. Never talk about feelings,If they really aren't there. Never hold my hand,If your gonna break my heart. Never say your going too...If you never plan to start. Never look into my eyes.If all you're gonna do is lie.... Never say hi,If you really mean goodbye. If you really mean forever,Then say you will try Never say forever,'Cuz forever makes me cry!!
hello everyone, as most of you know my birthday is october 17th, well i am upset about this birthday, no.. not because of the age i am becoming but because it is the same day my dad goes in for surgery to remove his kidney with the large tumor in it..i am afraid for him and ask for you all to please send positive vibes and thoughts, wishes, and your prayers please... most of you know his past medical and this surgery will be hard with his lungs being very bad and the one having a tumor in it..so please keep us in your thoughts and prayers on this day..thank you all for your support and thoughts and prayers for me and mine through all of this..many thanks, much love , and many hugsssssssssssssss....your friend....rose
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things.
Your Theme Song is Back in Black by AC/DC "Back in black, I hit the sack, I've been too long, I'm glad to be back" Things tend to get really crazy for you, and sometimes you have to get away from all the chaos. But each time you stage your comeback, it's even better than the last! What's Your Theme Song?
Everybody believes in something and everybody, by virtue of the fact that they believe in something, use that something to support their own existence
One of My Favorite Readings....Hope You Like It... Kahlil Gibran on Love When love beckons to you, follow him, Though his ways are hard and steep. And when his wings enfold you yield to him, Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you. And when he speaks to you believe in him, Though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden. For even as love crowns you so shall he crucify you. Even as he is for your growth so is he for your pruning. Even as he ascends to your height and caresses your tenderest branches that quiver in the sun, So shall he descend to your roots and shake them in their clinging to the earth. Like sheaves of corn he gathers you unto himself. He threshes you to make you naked. He sifts you to free you from your husks. He grinds you to whiteness. He kneads you until you are pliant; And then he assigns you to his sacred fire, that you may become sacred bread for God's sacred feast. All these things s
This Auction Is Over Oct. 18th!!! This Saturday!!! So Pls Come Rate My Pic And Bid On Me!!!! I would l♥ve my first Blast, Bling Pack, Ticker, Or Happy Hour!!! Also My VIP Expires Thursday So A VIP Would Be Great Too :D:D
Your key planet Mercury ends its retrograde period today in your 2nd House of Money. If you've been managing your finances with limited success, now it's time to turn your luck around. Decide upon your fiscal goals and then, over the next few days, put your plan into practice. There's no need for drastic action; an even-keeled approach to spending can save you money for when you truly want it.
So take a look inside these green eyes now and say the things you want to say to me. 'Cuz I've already spread my wings out and you're the one who set me free. I DON'T NEED U ANYMORE!!!!!
As always.. need your picks by Friday guys. Good luck. Sunday, Oct 19th SAN DIEGO @ BUFFALO NEW ORLEANS @ CAROLINA MINNESOTA @ CHICAGO PITTSBURGH @ CINCINNATTI TENNESSEE @ KANSAS CITY BALTIMORE @ MIAMI SAN FRAN @ NEW YORK GIANTS DALLAS @ ST. LOUIS DETROIT @ HOUSTON INDIANAPOLIS @ GREEN BAY NEW YORK JETS @ OAKLAND CLEVELAND @ WASHINGTON SEATTLE @ TAMPA BAY Monday, Oct 20th DENVER @ NEW ENGLAND BYES: ARIZONA, ATLANTA, JACKSONVILLE, AND PHILLY.
What Your Nose Says About You You tend to be stubborn. You don't take other people's opinions seriously. You are objective and logical. You make a good businessperson. You are helpful and giving. You like cooperating, and you're always willing to lend a hand. You are a realist. You aren't much of an optimist or a pessimist. What Does Your Nose Say About You?
They do not love, that don't show their love. The course of true love,never did run smoothly. Love is a familiar. Love is a devil. There is no evil angel,but love.
Polygamy is NOT This is NOT about polyandry or polyamory. This is NOT about fornication or adultery. This is NOT about group marriage or wife swapping. This is NOT about dishonest bigamy or infidelity. This is NOT about underaged or arranged marriage. This is NOT about any form of mormonism. This is NOT about re-defining marriage. Polygamy is: a loving family arrangment, where all of the parties love, care for, respect and support each other. when one gets sick, the rest take care of them When one of us is sad, the others bring us cheer it takes a village to raise a child and we do
Okay everyone, sorry it took so long to post. I will post week 7 schedule here in a bit too. The leaders of this weeks pool are as follows: 1st place: Kelly and It's Just Me with 55-88 2nd place: Drill with 53-88 3rd place: Red Alert with 51-88 4th place: JP, Me, and Superman with 50-88 5th place: Will and Tom with 46-88 6th place: Manny with 44-88 7th place: Texi, McLovin, and Alchy with 42-88 8th place: Spanky with 41-88 Players with 40 or less.. gotta get your picks in guys. Carrie and Porch 39 Buff 38 TZR 32 Radio X and Porch 31 Rich, DFresh 27 Patches 25 Bonz 22 Crow 14 Mikey 9 (first week)
Your Psyche is Yellow You have a ton of energy - both physical and mental endurance. You are rational and logical, and you can help almost anyone think clearly. Optimistic and bright, you also have a secret side that's a little darker. When you are too yellow: You will do anything to get your way, and no one will be the wiser When you don't have enough yellow: you lack confidence, drive, and humor What Color Is Your Psyche?
Your Kiss is Pink For you, kissing is pure happiness... simple as that. You definitely get a little blissed out from kissing, even if you're a bit shy about it. You won't kiss just anyone. Your kisses are special! Young at heart, you still get very excited the first time you kiss someone. Kissing Type: Generous People See Your Kisses as: Sweet You Kiss Best With: A Black Kisser Stay away from: An Orange Kisser What Color Is Your Kiss?
Do YOU need Fu-Bucks...want that spotlight or need some bucks to trade for bling? I am holding a contest...The contest will run for 2 weeks! As soon as I have enough people to start I will let everyone know!! THIS WILL BE A COMMENT BOMBING CONTEST! RATES worth 10 points (no min.) COMMENTS worth 5 points (min 80k) YOU will win the following: FIRST PRIZE 1 MILLION FU-BUCKS SECOND PRIZE 500K FU-BUCKS THRID PRIZE 250K FU-BUCKS BROUGHT TO YOU BY: ThugPassion247 {{*Devils Advocates Bombing and Leveling Crew*}}@ fubar
Who Should Paint You: Andy Warhol You've got an interested edge that would be reflected in any portrait You don't need any fancy paint techniques to stand out from the crowd! What Artist Should Paint Your Portrait?
If you had purchased $1000 of shares in Delta Airlines one year ago, you would have $49.00 today. If you had purchased $1,000 of shares in AIG one year ago, you would have $33.00 today. If you had purchased $1,000 of shares in Lehman Brothers one year ago, you would have $0.00 today. But, if you had purchased $1,000 worth of beer one year ago, drank all the beer, then turned in the aluminum cans for recycling refund, you would have received $214.00. Based on the above, the best current investment plan is to drink heavily & recycle. It is called the 401-Keg Plan. A recent study found that the average American walks about 900 miles a year. Another study found that Americans drink, on average, 22 gallons of alcohol a year. That means that, on average, Americans get about 41 miles to the gallon! Makes you proud to be an American!
Perky & Mr.D are at it again.. We have Re-Activated our Auto 11's so come rate us & Level up.. NOT VIP? It doesn't matter unlimited 11's on our profiles all day. Perky ♥ Mr.D@ fubar Mя. Đ ♥ Perky@ fubar
Allllllo all my lovely fu friends :P Just a quick update as to how things have been goin for me since the move. (For those of you that want to know.) Ive been doin alright. Been here almost a month now. LOVE The weather. Omg its beautiful down here. I was able to pick up my car yesterday and now its sitting in the driveway :D WoOT! Its officiallly mine now, however its not road legal JUST yet :P So soon enough Ill be back on the roads.....anyone driving in wilmington better watch out and wear ya seatbelts haha. Jobwise.....not much really. was waiting on a car for the next step. I have a laundry list of jobs that are hiring though, so as soon as this car thing is situated ill be on my way to applying at more places and hopefully setting up some interviews! Keep your fingers crossed for me :D Ive also been meeting a TON of people from myspace and a few from another social network site i use. Ive made a few really good friends/connections down here so far. Some really nice g
Before leaving with Sarah and Jeffrey this morning to drop them off at their grandma’s, we caught some of the morning fare they like. Although the kids may watch a little more TV than I’d like sometimes, I have no fear of it becoming an electronic babysitter. At least Sarah’s figured out when she’s already seen something; instead of the Disney Channel, we caught an episode of Nickelodeon’s “The Backyardigans” where the imagined setting for today was a tropical island where the three male characters – “The Luau Brothers” – were getting ready for a luau when the volcano rumbled. The two female characters, today “The Volcano Sisters”, were inside the volcano desiring something from them or the volcano would erupt! In the words of the Volcano Sisters, “We know what we want/We know what we don’t want/Get us what we want.” Reminded me of both Nebuchadnezzar from the second chapter of Daniel who insisted his advisors tell him what he dreamed or die and of women generally. So I’m ready
Obituary for a Nation By Kerry Beard October 4, 2008 The United States of America, 232 years of age, passed away tragically on Friday afternoon October 3, 2008 in Washington D.C. She was born to a group of patriots called the "Founding Fathers" at Independence Hall in Philadelphia, PA on July 4, 1776. Her birth was the first of it's kind in the history of the world. Once she gained her independence, she flourished and grew to become the most powerful nation on the face of the earth. She also offered to protect the right to Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness to all because she believed that all men were endowed by their creator with these unalienable rights. According to the coroner's report, her death was caused by an overdose of a deadly toxin known as "greed." The coroner stated that the once powerful nation was unaware that she had been receiving injections of the extremely poisonous greed for nearly 100 years. Ironically, these injections were being administ
Your Love Type: ISTJ The Duty Fulfiller In love, you are committed, loyal, and dedicated to making things work. For you, sex is purely physical - not necessarily linked with love. Overall, you are honorable, a good listener, and able to take criticism well. However, you tend to also be stubborn and out of tune with your partner's feelings. Best matches: ESFP and ESTP What's Your Love Type?
i let it slip through the cracks and it began to spread slowly trying to bring me down slowly trying to break me apart from the inside fought hard to regain control wrestled my inner demons struggled with the doubt that tries to haunt me and make me question everything is this the end? on the brink and questioning my sanity what the fuck is happening to me? why do i feel like i'm falling apart? no! i will not fall into the fire no! i will rise from this no! i'm stronger than this no! i'm better than this i'm not going down without a fight i know i can defeat this must not let myself be my own worst enemy i spit in the face of my laughing reflection i will not be my own defeatist pull myself out of the fire letting that roar of anger be centered on my demons and send them back to their hole no! i will not fall into the fire no! i will rise from this no! i'm stronger than this no! i'm better than this in the end i'm only human i will f
Another Fave...for Housecleaning and Hip Grinding....Hop On.....LOL....RIDE IT..... XOXO I'm just a bachelor, I'm lookin for a partner Someone who knows how to ride without even fallin off Gotta be compatible, Takes me to my limits Girl when I break you off, I promise that you wont wanna get off If you're horny, lets do it Ride it, my pony My saddles waitin Come and jump on it If you're horny, lets do it Ride it, my pony My saddles waitin Come and jump on it Sittin here flossin, peepin your steelo Just once if I have the chance, the things I would do to you You and your body, every single portion Send chills up and down your spine, juices flowin down your thigh If you're horny, lets do it Ride it, my pony My saddles waitin Come and jump on it If youre horny, lets do it Ride it, my pony My saddles waitin Come and jump on it If were gonna get nasty baby First well show and tell Till I reach your pony tail (oh) Lurk all over and thro
The other day I went downtown to run a few errands. I went into the local coffee shop for a snack. I was only there for about 5 minutes, and when I came out, there was this cop writing out a parking ticket. I said to him, 'Come on, man, how about giving a retired person a break'? He ignored me and continued writing the ticket. His insensitivity annoyed me, so I called him a 'Nazi.' He glared at me and then wrote out another ticket for having worn tires. So I proceeded to call him a 'doughnut eating Gestapo.' He finished the second ticket and put it on the windshield with the first. Then he wrote a third ticket when I called him a moron in blue. This went on for about 20 minutes. The more I talked back to him the more tickets he wrote. Personally, I didn't really care. I came downtown on the bus, and the car that he was putting the tickets on had one of those bumper stickers that said, ' McCain/Palin '08.' I try to have a little fun each day now that
What the Beach Test Says About You You like people, but you're careful about who you get close to. Friendship is important to you... so important that you aren't just friends with anyone. You don't fall in love easily. It takes you a long time to get used to someone. Intimacy doesn't come easily for you. You are deeply passionate about several things in your life. You're not passionate about much... and the few passions you have are truly obsessions. Your sense of humor is intellectual and obscure. Only really well educated people get your jokes. The Beach Test
The question, "So you want to have your cake and eat it too?" As a matter of fact, yes! Yes, I want to have my cake and eat it too. Why the hell would someone get cake if they didn't want to eat it? Just to stare at it? Show it to people? AND... why the hell didn't George Carlin ever cover this topic? Seriously!
Do you want to own me? Come bid on me I am in my very first auction so please come show me some mad love I promise you, you will be happy
Since Oracle is coming up - hopefully sooner than later - I'm not sure as to what to have for a gift from The Dark Queen... What do you think of: ~ A corset ~ Bottle of vampire blood ~ The evil Queen's mirror ~ A royal sceptor Anyone have any ideas for me? I welcome any and all :)
One of My All Time Faves...Hope You Like It. XOXO Time (after) time, (I'm) short of breath, don't even try (?) Try a little harder Something's wrong, you're not naive, you must must be strong Ooh, baby, try Hey girl, move a little closer. You're Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush Modern medicine falls short of your complaints Ooh, try a little harder You're moving in circles, won't you dilate Baby try Hey girl, move a little closer 'Cause, you're Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush, eye to eye Too shy shy Hush hush...eye to eye Peace
I do things for you to let you know I love you and get asked why ? I give you things to show you I love you and get asked why ? I tell you things nobody else knows and get asked why ? I tell you the reason I do these things and still get asked why ? I tell you and show you in more ways than one that I love you and still get asked why ? I have told you I would be with you forever and still get asked why ? I hold you close in my dreams every night and still get asked why ? I try to let you know how much I love you and still get asked why ? I have told you I would die for you and still get asked why ? I have made a life together with you and still get asked why ? I do small things because I want to and still get asked why ? I sit and think of you daily and still get asked why ? I carry nothing but love for you every day and still get asked why ? If you can't see I do all this without wanting anything in return but your love then I have no answers t
You Are Pretty Charming While you're not a natural charmer, you can be charming when you want to be. And lucky for those around you, you usually feel like turning on the charm. You project a happy, calm image - even when you're feeling the exact opposite. You make people feel great about being around you... though you're not always up for putting in the effort. Are You Charming?
The biggest fear that I ever had was of being the next best thing in somebody's life. I never did put much trust into what my heart told me but instead I listened to what my mind told me and it kept my heart from being hurt more times than what it already had been. Somebody walks into your life and you know from the start that your meant to be with them and that they are the only ones that will make you happy in the long but yet you also know what is hiding in the shadows behind them ready to jump out at any time. This shadow has shown itself again and now I'm torn all over again from the fear that I thought was gone for good from my life. I will just have to always settle for being second best for that is how I have always lived my life and it seems as though that is never going to change no matter how hard the effort is to try and change it for this shadow will always loom in the background and show itself as the true force that it is. I once again have no other choice but
I sit here alone in the shadows were nobody can see me and were I can feel nothing but coldness and pain all around me. I never thought I would be the one to end up here in this dark world the way I did the night I did. You pushed me one time to many and the final push pushed me here to my new home were my only friend is the sound of the rain that is always falling on top of me to hide the tears that I can't stop. I often wonder how I could of made it better for you and made you happy in the things that I did for you then I see the hole in arm and waist and it all comes back as to why you were never happy. I have learned to now adjust to this darkness and coldness that I live in now for it is the one place that can hide me from anything good tring to reach me and save my soul. I was meant to life this life of pain alone so I have learned to make it my comfort and my friend. I will never forgive you for what you have done to this once happy girl that has now become a shell
You Are a Bullmastiff You are confident, reasonable, and very calm. Nothing shakes you up. It's likely that you were a bit wild when you were younger, but you've gotten that out of your system. The only time you get aggressive is when someone tries to threaten or harm you in some way. There's a little bit of wolf underneath all that sheep's clothing! What Breed of Dog Are You?
I never told you a lie and yet you still told them to me and I still fell for every one you told me. I cried every night for you and waited every morning for you and you never showed. I bled for you many nights without you ever knowing it was done. I made a broken home and whole home again for you so you could live in peace while I died inside. I gave up everything I held dear to me for you to be happy and live your own life. I could never do enough to make you happy so you made me pay for it over and over again. I begged you to stop for the sake of others in the home that didn't need to see it. I crawled inside my black hole deep inside my soul so you couldn't make me cry. I shut myself off from the outside world to make you happy. I lost myself to make sure you had yourself again so you could be strong. I dropped my guard one time to help you be a better person and it left me open to your hurt and pain over and over again. I have wasted years of my life to make you happy a
I have watched you from the shadows. I have called to you before you knew me. I have touched you before you touched me. I have always been with you inside. I have waited for you to open up to me. I have cried many nights from taking in your pain. I have searched for you for years. I have found you without you knowing. I have always loved you deep inside your heart. I have stood beside you in hard times. I have been the truth behind the lies. I have seen you do things that others have not. I have craved for you with never knowing. I have melted your heart with just a smile. I have been the good in your life when all else was bad in it. I AM YOU DEEP INSIDE I WILL STAND BY YOU THROUGH IT ALL IN BAD AND GOOD TIMES AND EVERY TEAR THAT FALLS FROM YOUR EYES WILL BE SHED UPON MY SOUL FOR I AM YOU AS YOU ARE ME DEEP INSIDE. YOU WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND HOW THIS BUT IT IS TRUE FOR I CAN'T HIDE MY TRUE FEELINGS THAT ARE BURNING DEEP INSIDE MY SOUL FOR YOU AND YOU ARE TH
Once I thought that love was something that would never happen to me and then when it did happen to me it happened fast and hit hard and it made me feel alive for the first time in a long time and now that this love has hit me so hard I'm being torn away from it little by little and losing all that I once held so dear to me in my heart that is now slowly dieing inside from ripped apart. I never wanted anything more than to be loved by somebody who wouldn't treat me like the dirt they walked on and when that one person did come along and show what LOVE is really about my life get's thrown out of wack again and now I'm losing all that I held so close and protected with all I had in me. I was once told that LOVE was not meant for me and I always held out hope that it was but alas now I'm faced with the fact that they might of been right and that LOVE wasn't ever really meant to happen to me at all but just tease me and make me think it was meant for me till it broke me down and brok
You walked into my life when all I saw was Darkness & Pain all around me and an Undieing need to be loved and yet no words were ever spoken from your lips that lead me to think anything other than just another passerby in my life and you to would soon be gone as the rest had. Yet withing your walls I found a place that was safe and free from harm so I could grow and learn how to feel again after being trapped in my Cold Heartless Shell for so long and yet you never spoke any words and yet I knew ever word that was on the tip of your lips without you ever speaking them to me. I never asked for what you have given me and Nor did I ever expect to find it in someone like you who is so much like me that we know each other inside and out for the better part of our souls are inter mixed with each other and will always be because there is a bond there that will Not be broken no matter how hard life trys to push us apart from each other. When I was found I didn't know how to act with y
You came to me on a night when nothing was going my way and I felt like the whole world was caving in around me and then I saw you and I saw all my fears start to fade away in front of me while I was getting to know all about you and I opened up to you and felt things that nobody has ever touched deep inside of me before. I was scared to let you in to far or to soon but at the same time I wanted nothing more than to have you know every thought that I was thinking and feel every feeling I was going through so you would know that what I was feeling was for real. We couldn't of planned this if we had years to do it and make all the details perfect in every detail. We clicked and it was set in motion from day one that we would somehow and someway end up were we are now and moving forward with each other. I wasn't looking for you but you heard my call and came to me when I needed you the most and you have been right by my side through it all and for that I will always be grateful to you
I once held you high up above the world. I placed you up so high that nothing could touch you. I gave you everything you wanted in life. You jumped off the platform and landed hard. You ran from everything I gave you for the love of another. You made me a fool and never looked back. I was the only safe thing in your life. I never hurt you for I always loved you. Now as I look up high were once you stood I see nothing but pain and sorrow in your place. You laughed at my feelings for you and yet I still loved you. I begged you to stay with me over and over again. Why do I do this to myself when you no longer care about me ? You gave me a feeling like nobody else ever did. You never cared or loved me but just used me to make you feel alive inside again. I won't do this AGAIN.
*What do you call a bunch of tractors sitting outside a McDonalds in Arkansas?....Senior Prom. *What's a rednecks idea of foreplay?....Hey sis,get in the back of the truck. *How does a blonde haired,blue eyed Alabaman spell the word farm?....E I E I O. *What would you call a girl on the arm of an Alabama boy?....A tattoo. *How do you know you are at a Redneck wedding?....Everybody is sittin on the same side of the church. *What does a Redneck divorcee and a tornado have in common?....Either way,you're gonna lose your trailer. *What's the difference between a good ol boy and a Redneck?....Well,the good ol boy wants to raise livestock....and the Redneck wants to get emotionally involved. *The only intellectual Redneck I've ever met was the one that didn't move his lips when he reads. *An Arkansas Redneck married an American Indian,and they wanted to name their baby so as to reflect both races..so they called it Running Dummy. *The ultimate Redneck pickup line i
A group of professional people posed this question to a group of 4 to 8 year-olds, 'What does love mean?' The answers they got were broader and deeper than anyone could have imagined. See what you think. When my grandmother got arthritis, she could not bend over and paint her toenails anymore. So my grandfather does it for her all the time, even when his hands got arthritis too. That's love.' Rebecca- age 8 'When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You just know that your name is safe in their mouth.' Billy - age 4 'Love is when a girl puts on perfume and a boy puts on shaving cologne and they go out and smell each other.' Karl - age 5 'Love is when you go out to eat and give somebody most of your French fries without making them give you any of theirs.' Chrissy - age 6 'Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.' Terri - age 4 'Love is when my mommy makes coffee for my daddy and she takes a sip b
You were my light in the darkest hour. You were the one I looked up to. You were my friend and hero in the saddest of times. You were the one I could always turn to. You were always there with an open view. You were my voice when I couldn't speak the right words. You were my strength when I was facing fear. You were the one to hold me when I fell. You were my angel sent to me in my time of need. You were the only one who understood me. You were the one that made me what I am today. You were all that I wanted to be. You were what I will never be. You are my Angel,Friend,Breath,Life,Body and Soul. You will always be in my heart and I will always love you for being in my life. Never leave any words unspoken to somebody that touches your heart and makes you feel alive. I wrote this for a great friend of mine in Darkness Falls and I hope that these words will help her in small way.
Once again I left myself open to be hurt and run over by leaving my heart on my sleeve were it is happy at. I'll learn one of these days to put a shield around it to stop it from being ripped off my arm and thrown under foot and walked all over. I guess I had what was coming to me for being so head over heels for somebody who doesn't have those same feelings and now never will have those feelings even if they did start to have some they are gone now. I never meant to upset anybody or make anybody unhappy with me,but alas that is were my bad karma comes in to play as always with me. I try and give everything I have into something and end up falling flat on my ass because I can't see the fall ahead of me. Well maybe this will teach my heart not to stay on my sleeve anymore.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision. — Eleanor Roosevelt Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. — Ralph Waldo Emerson What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies. — Aristotle Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. — Gloria Steinem Wine should be taken in small doses; knowledge in large ones. — Chinese proverb Design is not for philosophy — it's for life. — Issey Miyake Democracy is…the conviction that there are extraordinary possibilities in ordinary people. — Harry Emerson Fosdick
Ok, everyone...let me know what your opinion is of "the nice guy". What is it that make them such a target to be walked on? Is it due to the fact that most of them give too much? So the women see that as a weakness. It just seems like such an interesting dynamic that woman complain that the man they are with is an asshole, but they in "most" cases dont give the good guys a chance! I would love to hear others opinions! So please feel free to comment! One, Big Mike
When I first met you it was as strangers and it stayed that way for a long time for I was scared to even try to get to know you for what my past had done to me and I wasn't ready to get to know anybody for the fear of getting walked all over again and hurting in the deepest parts of me. You changed all that in my way of thinking and I started to let myself to get to know you a little bit at a time but still staying back far enough so I had room to run if I needed it. We started to talk more and more on an almost daily basis and got to learn more about each other and had a blast hanging out with each other and we became fast friends and it made me feel good for I needed a close friend that wouldn't judge me or look down upon me for my past and you were that one that did it for me in just a short time. I will always be grateful for meeting you that night that I did for it really changed my life for the better. I no longer have the pain of hurt and anger around me all the time for I
Once again I get fooled by people who claim to be my friends and yet use me just long enough to get themselves in a better place. The one thing that I have always asked was for people to be honest with me and never lie to me about anything and yet they still wanna play with my emotions because they know how deep I care for somebody and then they think it's damn joke by turning around and hurting me. Is there anybody left in this damn world that is real and not just out to break people that care for them ? I'm sick of being hurt and used by people who get off of doing that not only to me but to everybody else that is like me. If you only knew the damage that you do when you do these things to me and others you wouldn't dare keep doing it to me and others. Just keep this in mind that every time you play with somebody's emotions you slice an inch deeper into their skin and their skin is only so tough and can only take so many cuts before it rips apart and bleeds nonstop. Th
I walk into the darkness with my eyes open and looking at everything that might be before me in this place. I look and look for you but your nowhere to be found in this place that you said is your home the one place I could always find you but your not there. I walk through this darkness alone and crying out for you and I hear only the sounds of my tears fall on the ground as I walk alone. I start to shake from the chills that this place is giving me and I start to choke on my own breath as I walk a little faster to your front door. I get to your door and try to get my breath back but it comes in slow breaths almost to slow for me to keep breathing. I walk through your door and find you standing in the walkway with a smile unlike any that I have ever seen come from you before and I start to run to you and I see your hand go up and stop me dead in my movements towards you. I get an uneasy feeling that something isn't right as I stand there and look at you wanting to ho
Take the line between us and hold it close to you, I want us to get together, like lovers do. Let me kiss away your troubles, the cold and lonely nights, just take this heart I'm giving and love is on the rise. Like lovers do - want to hold you thru the night, like lovers do - and when I look into your eyes, like lovers do - oh I'm drowning in an ocean of emotion. It feels just like forever since I made love to you, September days of scarlet, April morning dew. So take the love between us and hold it close to you, I want us to get together like lovers do...
Why is the one that you love always the first one to hurt you and make you cry ? Why is it when you give that somebody ever ounce of energy that you have inside you they treat you like dirt ? Why is it that just when things seem to be going great in your life somebody builds a brickwall ? Why do people always judge you by the people that you talk to or hang with ? I'm not one to mince words to much because I would rather be told flat out how somebody feels or what somebody wants than try and guess it for myself and end up getting hurt. Not many things in this world make me cry anymore but a few will still set me into that downward sprial right into hell with no net to catch me when I hit the bottom. I try not to be so cold hearted as to not give somebody the benefit of a doubt,but when somebody goes and breaks my heart just because they think they can or when somebody lies to me tryin to think that I'm not gonna find out about what really happened is crossing the red
Some of the hardest thing's that you will ever face in your life will make you wanna scream and pull your hair out by the roots till you have nothing left. There are certain times that I feel as if the world is always against me and that people that claim to be my friends are nothing more but players that love to pick you up and make you feel like you can trust them with anything then they drop you cold turkey when they find out something odd about you that doesn't fit into there lifestyle. Maybe I just get fooled to easy by people that know how to run a damn good game on me and by they time I see what they are doing it's too late because the hurt has already been handed out to me. I'm not like everybody else that people meet online as they seem to think that I am. I'm a very caring person and I wear my heart on my sleeve and I always have done that. I care deeply for people that I think are going to be my true friends and not like others and just be nice to me till they have
the surgery went well and if the foot continues to heal as it has been, I'll get the stitches out the end of next week. Untill then I can't put any pressure on it and must keep it elevated. I kinda underestimated just how much that incapacites you. Even doing the simplest things(which is all i'm allowed to)becomes a little project. so, probably not too many trips back here to the computer for me for a bit longer.
First day on Fubar. So far is crazy. Was pounced on within a minute of joining. Kind of nice. Try to be on here as much as possible, but with kids, can get hard sometimes. Will post another blog at some point. In the meantime, everyone get shit faced and have fun.
I ask you what's wrong in a soft voice and hope it's not me. I hang onto your words as you talk to me hoping it's not me. I hear the words come from you and still hope it's not me. I feel the pain come from you and hit me like a knife and still hope it's not me. I try and find out what is wrong and I still hope it's not me. I ask again even more softly what's wrong and still hope it's not me. I want to find out and yet I still hope it's not me. I look at you in the eyes and beg to know without talking and I still hope it's not me. I cry because I feel your pain and hurt and still I hope it's not me. In the end you showed me what all of it was. I held on when I knew you were hurting. I held tightly to you when you were angry. I held on when anybody else would of let go. I stood strong through the storm. Yet I still ask why and hope it's not me.
WRITTEN BY A 15 yr. Old SCHOOL KID IN ARIZONA : New Pledge of Allegiance (TOTALLY AWESOME) ! Since the Pledge of Allegiance And The Lord's Prayer Are not allowed in most Public schools anymore Because the word 'God' is mentioned... . A kid in Arizona wrote the attached NEW School prayer : Now I sit me down in school Where praying is against the rule For this great nation under God Finds mention of Him very odd. If Scripture now the class recites, It violates the Bill of Rights. And anytime my head I bow Becomes a Federal matter now. Our hair can be purple, orange or green, That's no offense; it's a freedom scene. The law is specific, the law is precise. Prayers spoken aloud are a serious vice. For praying in a public hall Might offend someone with no faith at all. In silence alone we must meditate, God's name is prohibited by the state. We're allowed to cuss and dress like freaks, And pierce our noses, tongues and cheeks.. They've out
It's CinDragon's Birthday today!!! Time to party!! Let's all go rock her page hard and spank her good!!! CinDragon~Founder of ClubMystic~CoFounder of T&L~Gunny's fu-BISH~Natural_Witch is my fu-BISH! f/@ fubar This public service announcement brought to you by: ¢¾ Bebe ¢¾@ fubar
Thanks for taking the time to read this. I am trying to organize a Benifit Ride for the family of Zane Blankenship who was murdered in Salem the October 11th. I am hoping this will become an anual thing. His family needs some help paying for the cost of the funeral and things related to that. So if we can make it an anual event, the first one would help them cover that cost. Then the years after, we would donate the money to charity. Example, the ASPCA which was one of Zane's favorite organizations. The problem I have is, I have no idea how to organize this. I am looking for help and ideas. I have a few ideas of things we can do, but I need help getting the word out and getting things rolling so to speak. The ride would be for any and all bikers, as Zane loved motorcycles. So please drop me a line with any and all ideas and any help offered would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in Advance
As the nights went on and on and the days seem to linger longer and longer as the two unborn little ones were growing inside of me and making it harder and harder to much of anything anymore I still couldn't help but let my mind drift back to what my Husband had told me about my oldest Son and how he could now walk in the light without it burning him or hurting him and this very thought sent shivers up and down my spine as nothing before ever had done to me. I often got so lost in my thoughts of this that I had to touched by a friend or a maid that had come into the room to check on me for I was not leaving the room much anymore since I had started to really show in my carrying of the two lives that we had made together for fear that somebody or something would see this and see it a fit time to attack on my Husband and this is not what I wanted for him even though I knew it was gonna happen before to long to him, but as long as I stayed out of site he had that much longer to get his se
With the few words spoken that night between us both but yet the other already feeling the pressure pressing down on us both from what we had done in the past week to cause life to come to both of us and all the fear that was building up inside of me from carrying these two unborn creatures of the night within myself was reaching it's boiling point within myself. Even though I was fighting this fear that was inside of me I never let it show to my Husband and if he was having any fears about our unborns then he never showed it to me either but always showed me nothing but deep love and how much he wanted to always be with me. If he had any fears they never showed for at night when he was with me and we would walk out under the Moonlight and he would make his transformation so he could be at ease as he was drawn to the Full Moon on the nights that it was Full and high above us in the night sky over Delrita. The nights we spent together as a couple under the skys at night made all the
After this sudden shock of what he had just told me this night about him laying his sen deep within me and now I was to carry a child again and run the risk of maybe losing it before it was to ever be born unto us. I didn't know what else to do but lay there and cry in my Husbands arms for I didn't want to tell him that I wanted this child more than I did my own first born child. Was this so wrong of me to say this in my head ? How could I love this unborn child more than my own first born ? The answers were soon to come faster than what I had wanted but yet they would be there. The next few days were really stressful on us both for we both had wall now put up around us and didn't want to be close to the other for the fear of what was to come to us soon and it was something that we couldn't avoid not matter what we tried to do we always ended up back with each other alone in our room and not knowing what to say to each other in the hours before dawn was to break on us. " My love
As he lay me down softly on the White Fur Blanket that he had placed on the ground and begun to move his hands along my body caressing every inch on my flesh with his soft yet firm hands that with every soft stroke of his hands along my body that sent feelings shooting through me like only I felt being with him and the way he made me feel on the inside and as well as the outside of my body just made me feel like I was in a dream and nothing could touch me there ever as long as he was with me in them. He began to move his hands along my arms and up to me shoulders and back down again to the tips of my fingers and inter locked his with mine and pulled me up to him slowly to were I was face to face with him and eye to eye and I saw the burning love that he had for me burning inside those deep blue eyes as they came to life while looking at me so intensely as he leaned into me and kissed me softly at first and then with much more passion as he dropped his hands away from mine and grabbe
The words that he spoke unto me left me in shock and yet with a burning deep inside myself that was tearing me apart for I had no idea what was to come if these men that I held so close to my heart where to ever meet and fight to the dead over some past old laws that had been set down for all us on both sides of these clans. The fear was sharp in me that it pulsed from every vain in my body and he could see this as he knew that this would be the hardest thing for me to face ever and yet he was still telling me that he knew what side I would choose if this was to ever come full circle like he said it would. But yet how did he know that my Son would come and hunt him down along with me before he ever met him ? As the days went by slowly and the nights went by so fast that they seemed like a dream to me I was still lost in my own thoughts of how I would make it if I lost both of these men in my life. One that I had raised and cared for all his life and the other that had always loved m
As I sat there and stared at him with a lost look on my face not knowing what to say to him now that he had laid this question upon me on this night. How could I engage into something with somebody like him one of our feared enemy's and yet he was nothing to fear from the way he talked and the way he acted with me. So did all in the world of the Vampires fear these Lycans so much when I of all Vampires feared everything and everybody but yet had no fear around him ? He never took his eyes off of me while he waited for my answer and yet the look wasn't one of waiting but more like the look of a long lost friend that had finally found his friend again after so many years of being apart and away from each other. His blue eyes shone so bright at night that it was hard to turn my head away from him and not look and get lost in them and just want him to take me down deep into his thoughts and dreams that he had. I had never had a tension build up inside of me like this ever before with it
I'm coming home, I've been gone for far too long. Do you remember me at all? I'm leaving, Have I fucked things up again? I'm dreaming, Too much time without you spent. It hurts, Wounds so sore. Now I'm torn, Now I'm torn. I've been far away, When I see your face, My heart bursts into fire. Hearts burst into fire. You're not alone, I know I'm far for home. Do you remember me at all? I'm leaving, Do you wait for me again? I'm screaming, No more days without you spent. It hurts, Wounds so sore. Now I'm torn, Now I'm torn. I've been far away, When I see your face My heart bursts into fire. Hearts burst into fire. My bed, so cold, so lonely. No arms, just sheets to hold me. Has this world stopped turning? Are we forever to be apart? Forever to be apart. It hurts, Wounds so sore. Now I'm torn, Now I'm torn. I've been far away, When I see your face My heart bursts into fire Hearts burst into fi
As I lay there looking at this man that had just taken every thing I had and then some into his self I saw my life was now forever changed for I had now been bedded by what I had always thought to be the Enemy in my life and yet this Lycan took such tender care of me when touching me while having my naked body under his that long night. The way he touched every curve of my body. The way he held my mouth with his and those soft hands cupped around my heaving breast as we made love that night and the feel of his hard penis so deep inside of me that made me scream out in ways that I never had before and yet he never let himself go before it was made clear that he had done his job and made me cum more times than I have done before then he came undone and let him self go deep inside of me and with every push deeper into me as he let go I enjoyed it more and more. I loved every touch and every kiss he gave me more and more as the long night went on for us and then when he finally came
As this long time love of mine had me embraced deep within the lustful passion filled kiss that he had waited so long to give me and his strong arms were wrapped around me in that embrace that I had never felt from anybody before not even this man that had turned me to what I am now. Never had my lips been kissed with so much passion and burning rage from one body to another that it was all I could do not to pass out and just let my body go weak in his embrace around me. This man had waited for so long for just me and why had he waited for so long for me when I never saw what anybody man would see in me but yet this one man wanted me and I mean really wanted me. He wanted every curve of my body on his. Every little piece of flesh he wanted to touch his in the moonlight every night for the rest of his and my life. He wanted nothing more but to be with me and inside of me and always stand by me no matter what happened. This one man was making me wet with every deep passion filled k
Yes I watch it and yes I love it. As a want-to-be gay man I have no choice. I was being nosey on the interweb...(another thing I loooooove to do). And just was wandering around when I read that BRIAN from QAF also know Gale Harold was in a car accident and is in critical condition. Hes my favorite so of course I pray he will be ok. Its just I looooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvveeee him. I have to watch QAF now. After class and research. P.S. Rocks read my other blog.
The days seemed to fly by even faster now with all that my Son had told about him becoming a Father and with a Lady that walks in the light of all people when he could of had his pick of any of the Ladies of the night and they would of been his forever and bore him the children that he wanted for as long as he wanted. Why had he went and done this to not only myself but himself as well and this Lady of the Day what in the hell did she have that the others did not hold for him ? What kind of spell had this woman wove upon my child to make him take her to bed and not turn her as he had so many others before in his life ? Why would he take a Daywalker to be his and be the Mother of his First born child ? With all of this weighing so heavy upon my heart and what was left of my soul I felt colder than I ever had towards my own child. I felt used all over again like he was doing the same thing his own dead Father had done to me but yet he hadn't turned her like the rest and he said that h
After the battle between my Son and his Father and the impending death from the Head Master of all night Creatures I knew what we both had to do. This was not going to be a time of laying back and taking it easy for I knew we both had a battle like non other we have ever faced laying before us. As the days turned into weeks and weeks into months and months into years I saw my Son mature in more ways than I had ever expected to see him mature in his young years and as he grew wiser with knowledge and learning of the night and the ways of the shadow world I couldn't of been more proud of him and yet I felt like there was something missing inside of him that wasn't there before his battle with his Father on that one night not more than over a year ago. Oh my how the time had flown by for us training and building ourselves up to face this one being that ruled all of the night time world and saw everything that went on inside of it. Was my Son really ready for this challenge in his yo
As my Son and his Father staring at each other on that hill all I could see was a fate that would in no way make me happy or sad. I saw the love of my life dieing in hands of OUR Son and yet at the same time I always saw OUR Son dieing in the hands of his Father and me not being able to help for I knew I was not strong enough to defeat his Father for I had never truely learned how to unleash out with all my powers and yet I felt the overwelming urge to go and strike this man down that I had once called my Master and Lover. This a very troubled time facing me now and I had to do what as right for both my Son and myself before it became to late for I knew if these two were to face each other to the death I would surely lose both this night and that I could not bare on what was left of my soul at this time in my life. I knew that I had to make my stand against this man I once called my Lover and Master before it was to late and I was to lose the only good thing that was left in my life
I knew that this pain was not gonna go away anytime soon as this child started to grow inside me and I knew that no matter how much I tried to hide the fact that I was still with child around my master that the day would soon come when I would have no other choice but to walk away from him and all he had shown me. I would of rather of died a thousand times over than to give up this child inside of me for him to be happy and live his life the way he had always been living it while with me. Why did I even really love him when was so unfaithful to me for all the years we had been together and yet I was always by his side and never once did I look at another the way I looked upon him and his glory. Why had I let myself be a fool for so many years and never learned my leason before this time of need had happened to me. I can not let what he has done to me in the past bring me down for this child will not be like him in anyway of the form like his father. I will raise my child on my own
do these cheesy ass pick up lines bug anyone else?? come on if you're ganna come at me at least be original lol!!!
I awaken to this a new world of sites and sounds and have this unending need to feed but not of normal food but of the warm fresh blood of people. I have never had a carving like this before in my life and as it grows more and more in me I think I'm never gonna find my fill. The stranger that had made me this way has always been by my side and always watched over me to make sure I was safe from harm and that nobody or anything would take me away from him or this new found love that he had found in being by my side for so long now. This stranger was the best thing that could of ever happened to me in my life of pain and depression as I myself was ready to end my life and go and sit on deaths steps forever. Even though I think sometimes being turned by this man is worse than death for this unending need of blood never dies. This is the one part that I had never planed on. He is my master now. He is my lover. He is the one that owns me now and forever. I don't regret letting him
I wake from a dream to the sound of a voice unlike any other that I have heard before calling to me pulling me closer to it. I have never been awakened from such a dream by something like this before and I get chills that run down my spine from the nape of my neck under my long flowing dark hair. I slide out from under my covers to find that my room has grown suddenly very cold and dark. I reach for my candle only to find it's no longer there by the side of my bed as it has been for many years in my life. I start to get scared for the coldness is growing stronger around me as I start to move from my bed to the window to close it and cut off the cold chill that has crept into my room only to find that my window is not nor never was open and yet I still have this coldness around me. I try to let out a scream from the fear that I feeling from all that has just happened to me and I feel a hand cover my mouth and slowly pull back to a figure that is my room on the shadows. Th
Why do people use that word so carelessly? Why is it always the good people who get hurt? Can't people just honestly say what's in there hearts without head games and breaking hearts? I have only told two people in my whole life that i love them and both times I have had those words thrown back in my face. Is love a myth, something society tries to brainwash us with or is it real and just something some people are not destined to find?
I follow your lead who knows where this will take me but i follow without question, wanting more an more of what i've being given... i hunger for it as i've become addicted what am i to do. i'm scared out of my mind i don't know what to do i'm thinking constantly i trust you but curse this mind of mine the thoughts that run through it are maddening i worry way too much an over analyze every bit of information... over an over sigh-... what will become of me dammit...
Hmm thats my first blog like lol... cant believe I havent done one yet.. well anyways I dont reli know what im supposed say so jus gonna say hi and enjoy my profile lol. xxxx
The simple act of putting a penis inside of a vagina. Yet it cums down to so much more. A bond, a connection, a desire, a need...it's the driving force of life. Those who aren't getting it can think of little else, those who do get it take it for granted. It's funny how such an act can relieve so much stress and frustration. It isn't hard to get laid, everyone wants it at one time or another...it's just a matter of meeting gaze of someone who is willing, making desire known, and having the courage to step out of your comfort zone for one minute. Yet, those who don't get it shy back, try too hard at the wrong moments, become awkward and ruin their chances without even realizing it. Those who get it all the time are more comfortable, more relaxed, getting laid is always easier when you know you can get it any time you wish. Sex is fun, sex is easy, sex is power.
In the deepest of dreams i never expect it to all end this way i times we shared... My dream is all but this i never dream in color but this dream was in full blown color... i was walking towards my old house an felt something chasing me i looked at the sky it was turning from blue to black an the darkness came down...once again as it stood behind me i ran faster to my house i jumped through the glass door getting all kinds of cuts an slammed the wooden door shut. as i locked it i could hear the creatures on the other side clawing at the door banging to get at me as they started to break through i placed my right palm on the door my tattoo began to glow as red electrical sparks discharged from it i blast soon followed as i look through the hole all the demons on the other side were dead...the only thing left standing was the thing that sent them after me watching simply standing there not moving or saying a single word... i don't know what this dark figure was but i knew it was
Almost forgot, the beginning of the crappy day started off with my visit to the surgeon to remove the stitches...Yes, you guessed it! Didn't happen, or rather, didn't happen all the way. One side is healing slower than the other so he took stitches out on one side. Oh, and he acted like I was crazy for being surprised it was taking so long, now he's saying 6-8 weeks. I had the conversation with him at the consultation stating their 'purpose' and how aesthetics was not a plus but a necessity and he told me three weeks to go back to work after surgery. Needless to say, my first payment is due in days and I haven't started working yet. BUT, that was Tuesday and this is Wednesday so I'm moving forward but wanted to update everyone on the situation, lol
I finally finished posting all of the Mexico cruise photos! Thanks for the 10s from those of you who already saw some of them!
Holy shit, this band is basically a chimera made entirely of various music genres. I could simplify things and call it metal punk (the band lists Electric Wizard and Black Flag as their main influences) but it goes a whole lot deeper than that. Take the sleazyness of garage rock, add the abrasiveness of noise rock mix in some stoner riffs and sprinkle a bit of first wave black metal rawness on it, and you've got Satan's Satyrs. The guitars are fuzzy the vocals are scuzzy and the recording lo-fi. Basically this sounds like a cooler version of the 70s.
It is not frost tender. It is in flower from Jun to July, and the seeds ripen from Aug to September. The flowers are hermaphrodite (have both male and female organs) and are pollinated by Wind.Suitable for: light (sandy), medium (loamy) and heavy (clay) soils and prefers well-drained soil. Suitable pH: acid, neutral and basic (alkaline) soils. It cannot grow in the shade. It prefers moist soil. The plant can tolerates strong winds but not maritime exposure.
An easily grown plant, it prefers a sunny position in a rich well-drained soil. Wheat is widely cultivated in most parts of the world, but less so in Asia, for its edible seed. There are many named varieties. This is a hexaploid species. Grows well with maize and with camomile in small quantities. Dislikes dogwood, cherry, tulips, pine and poppies.
Seed – sow early spring or autumn in situ and only just cover the seed. Germination should take place within a few days.
Seed – cooked. The seed can be cooked as a whole grain but it is more usually ground into a powder and used as a flour for making bread, fermented foods, pasta, cakes, biscuits etc. High in gluten, it is the most common flour used for making bread. The seed can also be sprouted and then added to salads or juiced to make a healthy drink. A nutritional analysis is available.
The young stems are used in the treatment of biliousness and intoxication. The ash is used to remove skin blemishes. The fruit is antipyretic and sedative. The light grain is antihydrotic. It is used in the treatment of night sweats and spontaneous sweating. The seed is said to contain sex hormones and has been used in China to promote female fertility. The seed sprouts are antibilious, antivinous and constructive. They are used in the treatment of malaise, sore throat, thirst, abdominal coldness and spasmic pain, constipation and cough. The plant has anticancer properties.
The straw has many uses, as a biomass for fuel etc, for thatching, as a mulch in the garden etc. A fibre obtained from the stems is used for making paper. The stems are harvested in late summer after the seed has been harvested, they are cut into usable pieces and soaked in clear water for 24 hours. They are then cooked for 2 hours in lye or soda ash and then beaten in a ball mill for 1½ hours in a ball mill. The fibres make a green-tan paper. The starch from the seed is used for laundering, sizing textiles etc
Disclaimer: This information is not meant to be a substitute for professional medical advise or help. It is always best to consult with a Physician about serious health concerns. This information is in no way intended to diagnose or prescribe remedies.This is purely for educational purpose.
This entry was posted in Herbs & Plants (Spices) and tagged Activated carbon, Aha Natural Resources, American Dental Association, Aphthous stomatitis, Baking powder, Chief of police, Fort Chaffee Maneuver Training Center, KATV, Sodium bicarbonate, United States on November 30, 2016 by Mukul.
Fast Money 04/20/18	Apr 20, 2018	Listen FREE 2-Hour Delivery Guaranteed Top Dollar Paid for Gold & Silver Jewelry Babysitting is so old-school. These simple (and quick!) money-makers will have you counting cash in no time. You typically need to complete a sample test as part of the application process. November 6, 2009 at 11:22 am Because my veins collapse. I don’t think I’ve been happier walking out of a building before in my life! Hi, another option to make money at home that you didn’t include in your list would be to use paid surveys. I spend about an hour each day completing surveys online and I make between $350-$500 a month. Not bad when you consider this is just meant to be some additional income on the side. 6. Sell On eBay 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 6.4/10 X David says: $75.00	1-in-24,000.00 Mody is on fire- er, noted that the tech sector is on fire and that the S&P tech valuation is suddenly now 33 vs. the S&P 500's 21. 50 people found this review helpful Mel on the 5 p.m. Fast Bitcoin took up Left's NFLX short and even invoked one of our favorite cliches, and it was cute: "Don't you get your face ripped off when you short this thing?" 5 O'Clock Freakout Steve Weiss asked Gurley what he thinks of AAPL's "innovation level" (snicker). CONNECTION_RESET: -101 The fun mode includes every aspect of the live mode so it’s a total replica of the game in every sense. You can play on the fun mode for as long as you want, and even better, you don’t need to register to get started! Simply click and play to see for yourself what the fuss is all about… These companies all have local shops in most many cities across the U.S.: We apologize for the inconvenience. Vibeke Daell Bjerrum May 5, 2010 Sites that will pay you for… 5. Opinion Outpost Dansk Running time: 1 hour 44 minutes Yes, I read the article Up To 60% Off Diamonds, Jewelry And More! Now Until Valentines Day Only At Fastcash Pawn. This is a great list! I’ve started selling some of my crafts, even. That way I can get my fix but not have to keep it and make a little extra! I’ve also been taking surveys on https://www.iglobalsurveys.com/, and I’ve made around $50 in the last six months or so. The trick is to make sure to fill out all your profiles so you can qualify for more surveys. Also, I take all the surveys as soon as they hit my email inbox! What is the best way to earn money online? Breastmilk can be bought and sold online through Only The Breast. It’s referred to as liquid gold and can fetch anywhere from $1.00 to $2.50 an ounce. $28,201.78 Josh Brown said the revelation of WMT's stake in Flipkart was "one of the strangest things that happened this week." (But not as strange as the TSLA-to-500-because-shorts-are-dorks conversation earlier.) If you’ve got gift cards lying around that you never manage to use – maybe you’ve got $50 to Longhorn Steakhouse, but you’re a vegetarian – you can sell them at a discount through gift card exchange sites such as CardCash.com. Once the site receives and verifies the balance on the card (e-cards are obviously handy, but they’ll pay for you to mail in physical gift cards), you can get paid in as little as two days. Simon Pegg, Gaten Matarazzo of ‘Stranger Things’ to Face Off in ‘Hump’ (Exclusive) You can also make fast money by helping others start an online home business. You can sell products, e-books, and software to help others learn how to get started. There are thousands of people every day looking for that perfect business online. They are seeking ways to make money on the Net - just like you! When you provide services to help them realize their dreams, you will earn a profit in the process. And this type of business can be very rewarding as you see others succeed. 3 Ways We Saved Money Last Week Digital Media Dima Sidelnikov / Shutterstock.com TEACHING + TUTORING A Word About Freelancing and Taxes Action | Crime | Thriller Alta360 Research Anna Kendrick » Geox Cfast11 Moc,Navy,30 EU(12 M US Little Kid) 7d ago22:05 Dr. Bo says Joe Terranova said he doesn't see DKS overcoming problems the way BBY did. Weiss said he likes DKS though he'd prefer to wait for a dip. Canada: 21. Collect $10 from Ebates Through an abundance of caution, The FDA is ordering the recall of over 200 million eggs due to potential contamination ... Read more. Get up to $600 now My friend, Ramit Sethi, New York Times Best Selling Author, has created a powerful “Idea Generator Tool” that debunks the myth that you need to start the next Facebook or Google in order to build multiple revenue streams. Ramit shows you how you can earn an extra $1,000 a month on the side with just a few hours a week and you can ramp up from there. use all winter for free. As for other tips, all I can say is “a penny saved is a penny earned”. If you are running out of ideas to make money, start saving. Some quick “low hanging fruit” tips to save some quick cash include – switch to MetroPCS or Boost for cellphone (I only pay $20/month), switch auto insurance to Insurance Panda ($25/month), and start using GasBuddy (saves me like $100/month at least. I drive a lot). ♦ FM archive: Dec. 2014 Maybe you got a last-minute phone call from a friend who wants to go on a spontaneous (and expensive) trip together. Or perhaps you’ve decided that it’s time to finally kick that consumer debt to the curb once and for all. Many big companies are looking for feedback about the usability of their website. In addition to all the ways we’ve mentioned so far, you can also consider making money the old-fashioned way with some extra hustle. Most of these work options have been around for centuries, but in some cases, new ways to tap into them have just emerged in the past decade. Here are 10 ways to earn extra cash the old-fashioned way. You can join the site right this second and you can have cash in your PayPal literally in the next hour or so. Before you make the decision to borrow, see if you can delay paying for the emergency expense or find interest-free sources of cash: August 17, 2017 Zero Down Your Debt. Click play to find out how: Income Potential: $3,000 per estate sale Josh Brown said "it's not yet a rescue situation," and Warren Buffett has done "rescues" differently by making a deal with the company for preferreds rather than plunging into the common. Box Office Automate complex processes I have cleaned house, done dog sitting and sold items I no longer need. I have complimented my retirement income by about $ 1000 a year paying for a plane ticket, rental car, bed and breakfast, food and attraction tickets for a 3 to 4 day trip. It gives me something to really look forward to. I always pay taxes on the service income I make. Always give value. Foap. Foap lets you upload photos you take with your phone and list them for sale on their website, paying you $5 each time one of your photos is sold. Some advantage is I look uni age already. Matt McCoy	...	Jack Martin Loans • Taxes • Check Cashing If you need help paying off your debts in 2018 check out Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis' top tips. isoman2kx says: Josh Brown said he added TWTR around 26. ♦ FM archive: July 2010 Skill Based Gambling Games There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later. Investing and Retirement 한국어 Follow us on: Maybe you've ruled out or used the first 20 ways to make money in an hour, and you still need more cash. What can you do? Get out that guitar or those juggling balls. Types of Slot Machine Short and simple surveys are added on a daily basis, so there should be plenty on offer too. Unlike some online survey sites, OnePoll doesn’t email you out surveys or invites to complete them, so you need to get into the habit of checking your account on their website daily, or you’ll miss out. 57. Night nanny Garett says From Saving The Crumbs You May Like: Top 10 Trustworthy Survey Sites that Offer Instant Payouts 2M ago44:03
Whether you’re trying to pay off debt, save more toward retirement or just boost your monthly income, there are a lot of ways to make more money. 9. Get a free $5 to start investing with Clink You can also get $5 to start investing in small businesses with a site called Kickfurther. At this site you can help these companies purchase inventory to fill their initial orders – these are startups, companies making iphone accessories, body care products, backpacks, sports equipment, etc. They all are innovating but need extra capital to get started. In return for helping them out you get interest – usually 5-10% over 3-6 months. That can add up to like 20-30% per year! Fast Cash Advance Legit Review The No#1 Site to Find the Honest Legit Review of IM Products launched from Warriorplus and Jvzoo Marketplace You find yourself in need of cash desperately. [Friday, May 4, 2018] If you want to pet-sit, you’ll need an apartment or house that allows pets. We know what it’s like to struggle. Everyone on our staff has had a financial need that required the services we provide. This is what makes us fair and open-minded to your needs. We treat you with respect and a certain dignity you will not find anywhere else. Twitter Faces the Truth Website EEO What kind of tasks? The Standard Review Clean gutters. In the fall, offer to clean out your neighbors’ clogged gutters. They have enough money for A-List on Ok Cupid and to go on lots of drinks/coffee dates so you might as well get some of that too. Arielle O'Shea What to expect with your first LendUp Loan Everyone's best friend when it comes to getting rid of junk is eBay. Online auctions are a sure-fire way to turn that sleeveless jacket (which came in and out of fashion in a week) into hard cash. all ways to make money|Howto Guide all ways to make money|More Details Here all ways to make money|More Details Available Here
China self-color steel chain for lifting purpose China self-color steel chain for lifting purpose – Posted by ksjk761
Looking for System Architect Metropolitan Group Of Companies – Posted by Anushka - Advertising manager
Sentry PRO Toy and Small Breed Flea and Tick Treatment for Dogs - 4-10 Lbs size: 3 Count at PetSmart
The Government sent out a release prior to the Belize Territorial Volunteers’ anniversary expedition to Gracias A Dios. As you know now, the expedition only reached the mouth of the Sarstoon. But that wasn’t the only problem, the turnout was dismal. Other than Wil Maheia, there were only two civilians that went other than the local media. News Five spoke to the couple from New York that went on the weekend’s trip.
“Going out it was cold, freezing cold. But as we were there, it became very clear there was a blockade of the river. There are 4 military boats that stop you to go up the river, we’re Belizean I would be concerned about that.”
half of it belongs to Belize. I don’t know where the borders are exactly and I was interested in seeing it. It was frightening and intimidating having a big gun boat looking at us. I asked the boat captain how far they could shoot he said a couple miles.”
“Definitely. We can’t let it go unnoticed. The weather is freezing. I’m sure that had something to do with it. The government scared Belizeans to come. The Guatemalans, people will be afraid. When they see what is happening I’m sure they will be glad they didn’t come to get involved with this.”
The Couple Enias and Judy Bergsma have property in Punta Gorda and have been coming to Belize for many years.
Yeah, on that day Belizeans were having a blast with drinks and food. Some booming boxes while they sat drunk on the drains in front of their house, gossiping, telling jokes and laughing out loud. Others spending their money in Melchor. All the young and strong. I could have been accompanying Mr. Maheia if I were still young and strong.
A room with a commanding view demands attention. Some of the world's most desirable lodgings are clifftop aeries that transport guests far above the fray, affording unobstructed panoramic views and an unparalleled sense of privacy without the feeling of total isolation.
Cliff dwellings have historically offered attributes that lowland abodes can't match. As far back as A.D. 600, the Anasazi people, who once lived in what is now the American Southwest, built precipitously high in the sandstone cliffs -- likely for protection from enemies. In medieval times, as barbarian hordes wreaked havoc across Europe, monastery towns perched high up on the Amalfi Coast afforded excellent vantage points from which to observe the gathering militias. (Today the cliffs are more likely to attract armies of jet-setting moguls.) In peaceful times, a clear view from high atop a cliff was deemed spiritual, bringing pilgrims closer to God.
There is also something utterly romantic about waking up to uninterrupted ocean views, especially when the waters in question are as captivating as the ones surrounding our seven choices. Nothing beats the bird's-eye perspective one gets when admiring the vast Indian Ocean from 1,000 feet above at the Bulgari Resort in Uluwatu, Bali, or the moody Bay of Naples, 1,000 feet below the Caesar Augustus in Capri. Rarefied air, indeed.
Breathtaking views were not what the founding fathers of Ravello, on the Amalfi Coast, had in mind: The town was hacked from the cliff during the fifth century to protect its citizenry from barbarian hordes. Perched on the Monti Lattari mountain range, Hotel Caruso Belvedere takes in picture-postcard Mediterranean views of the city of Salerno and Amalfi Bay, a sheer 1,150 feet below. Walking paths connect the hotel to the seaside town of Amalfi, and (fortunately) a free shuttle is available for the uphill climb. Rooms, from $852 (includes breakfast, lunch or dinner); 2 Piazza San Giovanni del Toro; 39-089/858-801.
A three-tiered pool that echoes the region's rice paddies forms an extraordinary centerpiece at Amankila, the iconic resort that architect Edward Tuttle designed to take in the full splendor of the Lombok Strait. A paved path descends 75 feet from the hotel to the beach club, which features a 134-foot lap pool set amid a grove of coconut palms and shaded by a giant frangipani tree. Even the library maximizes the dramatic setting, with floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the top tier of the main pool. Suites, from $950; 62-363/41333.
The unassuming exterior of Birkenhead House, just 100 miles southeast of Cape Town, conceals a hotel built around a central pool that cascades down to the clifftop restaurant and plunge pool. Though the cliff itself isn't particularly high, staying here is like having dress-circle seats to the best show in town: the region's most idyllic swimming beaches, Voëlklip and Kamma Bay, are home to calving whales from June till November. At the base of the cliff, a six-mile path from Birkenhead House leads into town, and the hotel offers a shuttle for the return trip. Rooms, from $520 a person (includes all meals); 11th St. and Seventh Ave.; 27-28/314-8000.
The Italian luxury house's second resort, located on the rugged Bukit Peninsula at the southern tip of Bali, in an area that was once royal hunting grounds, makes the most of its drop-dead-gorgeous location. From nearly every point -- the glamorous, ultra-private suites tucked into the terraced hillside; the elegant Sangkar restaurant; the vast horizon pool and spa -- guests are treated to unforgettable vistas of the Indian Ocean. A glass elevator makes the 500-foot journey down the cliff face, stopping off at La Spiaggia restaurant and the Beach Club. The mile-long beach cannot be accessed by land or sea (a reef prevents boats from mooring), which makes for the ultimate secluded cove. The only visitors you're likely to encounter are friendly dolphins. Villas, from $1,000; 62-361/847-1000.
At the westernmost tip of Jamaica rises the honeycombed cliff of natural limestone caves after which this hotel is named. The 12 villas are built into the rock shelf with expansive views over the impossibly blue Caribbean Sea, facing west to absorb Jamaica's flamboyant sunsets. Some villas have steps leading down to swimming platforms, and jumping platforms offer braver guests the chance to take the plunge from 30 feet up. Rooms, from $385; Lighthouse Rd.; 800-688-7678.
The wealthy industrialists who populated Bellevue Avenue in Newport no doubt appreciated the sea breezes and views, but it was their vast employee base that really took in the panoramic splendor. Staff members weren't allowed on the main street, so the three-and-a-half-mile-long Cliff Walk (which backs the mansions) was developed as a servant path. The only hotel on this storied footpath is The Chanler, a Civil War-era mansion built by former New York congressman John Winthrop Chanler. Gourmet meals at the hotel's Spiced Pear restaurant come with a side dish of attention-grabbing Atlantic Ocean vistas, while breakfast on the terrace offers a sweeping panorama of Easton's Beach and a daily parade of runners soaking in the million-dollar views. Rooms, from $489; 117 Memorial Blvd.; 866-793-5664.
Perched 1,000 feet above the Bay of Naples, the Caesar Augustus is situated on the side of Mount Solaro in Anacapri, a small hamlet located at the end of a 15-minute drive up a vertiginous mountain road, typically negotiated by convertible taxi. Almost every nook and cranny of the hotel offers sweeping water views, with the tiny town of Sorrento and, on a clear day, Mount Vesuvius, visible just 20 miles north. Reserve a poolside table on the Lucullo Terrace for a candlelit dinner with the Bay of Naples at your feet. Rooms, from $589 (with double occupancy); 4 Via G. Orlandi; 39-081/837-3395.
A year of the world'sBest BeachesThere's a perfect beach for every week of the year. Join us on a 12-month journey to see them all
Get the official YouTube app for Android phones and tablets. See what the world is watching -- from the hottest music videos to what’s trending in gaming, entertainment, news, and more. Subscribe to channels you love, share with friends, and watch on any device.
With a new design, you can have fun exploring videos you love more easily and quickly than before. Just tap an icon or swipe to switch between recommended videos, your subscriptions, or your account. You can also subscribe to your favorite channels, create playlists, edit and upload videos, express yourself with comments or shares, cast a video to your TV, and more – all from inside the app.
Good morning…it’s Saturday and I am considering is there inspiration in the mundane? Is anything really mundane? What does that mean for me? Is that a matter of perception?
I have some chores and responsibilities to tend to today. One is taking down my Christmas tree. I’m not sure how I feel about that. I don’t really like doing it in part because it’s marks a close to the holidays. I like the lights at night, the ambiance and cheer. Perhaps I’m inspired to add that to my environment in other ways for the duration of the year. I also need to take my car in to the shop as the “check engine” light came on. Maybe I need to check my engine. Am I running at full capacity and taking good care of myself? Behind all this I fear not having time or energy to pick up my paintbrush. That can be frustrating.
I opened my copy of “The Art Spirit” by Robert Henri (yes I still have paperback books!). Sometimes I find inspiration in there that can change how I view things. The following sentence resonated with me: “Be willing to paint a picture that does not look like a picture.” I wonder what he meant by that. For me the interpretations are many. I suspect there is great freedom in the willingness to paint a picture that doesn’t look organized or understandable. Maybe that is something I will have time for!
As I look deeper, I make a connection with the broader scope of my life. Many times it doesn’t look so understandable. There is a lot of what could be characterized as “mundane”. The challenge is in accepting that. Freedom the result! Perhaps inspiration an outcome. I am left with the question: is all this really mundane or just a piece of the puzzle? A brushstroke in a large composition, that has a meaning I don’t always understand. Perhaps that inspires thought, new direction and additional brushstrokes that ultimately create an inspired and meaningful painting.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged art, artists, challenges, creativity, feelings, inspiration, life, new jersey, openings, painting, robert henri, time, understanding. Bookmark the permalink.
"The Preserved Meadow" 8" x 10" oil on canvas Available For me, there's something about painting during the fall t… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 3 hours ago
Dr. John Oakes gave a lesson for the Seattle Church of Christ titled “What is Truth?” The lesson discusses the Christian and other Worldviews and how to explain Christianity to those who have a different world view. This lesson has been posted before, but the PPT has been updated extensively. What Is Truth PPT What is Truth Seattle Audio
Can you help me with some doubts I have about the resurrection and miracles of Jesus	Freedom in Christ/Golden Rule Membership
In Daniel 10 the response of the angels was delayed for 21 days. I am having trouble making sense of this. An explanation? 153 views
How do I convince a person that Christianity is the only true faith without appearing intolerant of other religions? 138 views
Jesus said we must observe all the law of Moses in Matt 5:19, but Paul disagreed. Is this a contradiction? 119 views
Given Job 33:14-18, is it likely that God would still speak to us in our dreams to warn us about sin? 60 views
My friend claims that God has no problem with men raping women. What about Deuteronomy 22:25-28? 37 views
I have heard that the story of Jesus was taken from a god named Heru in Egypt. Comments? 50,324 views
Galatians 5:19 has the word pharmakeia which means the use and administration of drugs. Why does the NIV translate it as witchcraft? 49,323 views
What is the correct formula/words to say for doing a baptism? Are there historical accounts which can help to decide this question? 43,536 views
How can Paul be a Hebrew and a Roman citizen at the same time? Does it have to do with him being from Tarsus? 38,917 views
Why is it that people say the ancient Sumerian tablets are similar to the book of Genesis? Why do people try to find relationships between these? 38,681 views
There is proof Jesus came to India, made a deep study of Hinduism, and taught it when he returned to Jerusalem. 35,196 views
"And He Shall Reign Forever and Ever" Bringing Truth & Clarity to the Study of Revelation by Dr. John Oakes
Hey do you know the front page has been redirecting to what is essentially a blank page http://evilavatar.com/forums/profile.php?do=dst for the past week or so and is pretty much unusable? It's happening on multiple machines, windows and mac (on Chrome).
Hello, I know its not major important but could you make me orange again? I have been donating on Patreon for a couple of years now but I don't think it's being assigned to me.
Whats required to get a profile picture? I was told to look for an admin to acquire one or get a fixed one. This one is my global profile picture for all sites and was wondering if I could get it on my profile if I qualify. Thanks
I know he didn't have too much involvement in the gaming industry, but will you be posting anything about the death of Steven Hawking on Evil Avatar?
hey man, great site. Can you invite me to this group on steam? my link is on my profile here. I would really appreciate that. Also, I had a question about avatars, will I need to donate to be able to use one or am I just missing something?
Hi man, could i please get an invite to the Evil Avatar group on steam? :D http://steamcommunity.com/groups/EvilAvatar
Liberals can't seem to stand anything with tons of guns these days. Even with an ultra diverse cast they don't seem to know what to make of Magnificent Seven. I'll be back here with a mini-review in a few hours, but I love westerns so you know I'll enjoy it.
I'm bad, and that's good. I will never be good, and that's not bad. There's no one I'd rather be than me.
Justice League is a difficult movie to explain. It starts out with a generic villain with an even more generic "I'm going to take over the world." plot and never goes very far from there.
Stickman Soccer 2018 is the brand new and better than ever sequelto the award winning Stickman Soccer with more than 75 millionplayers. Experience pure soccer fun with fast paced arcade gameplayand free control, an astonishing atmosphere, stunning smoothanimations, simple controls, insane action and tons of replay valuein this from the ground up redesigned Soccer. Choose your favoritesoccer teams and rank up while playing various seasons, nationalleagues, cups or the World Cup as well as online battles with otherplayers all around the world Stickman Soccer 2018 has a ton of newgameplay features like yellow/red cards, sprint button, slow motionreplays, overhead kicks, free kicks, … an outstanding stadium andfinally the ability to customise all teams, every soccer player andupgrade your team with the transfer market to build your dreamsoccer stars. Choose your favorite soccer team from more than 150different skilled teams and lead them to glory! EXPERIENCE FASTPACED AND FLUID PURE ARCADE SOCCER, not just another simulation!You can play offline whenever you want or play online andparticipate in daily changing live events or even challenge yourfriend locally with up to 2 controllers Stickman Soccer brand wonthe "Best Soccer Game 2015 Award” by German Soccer Culture AcademyGAME MODES • Quick Games, Training, Seasons, National Leagues andCups • Online battle mode against players from all over the world •World Cup • Online daily live events • Daily and Weekly Tournaments• Offline support, play whenever and wherever you want • Localmultiplayer mode with up to 2 controllers FEATURES • New gamemechanics including yellow/red cards, sprint, fouls, free kick,penalty kick, long pass, overhead kicks, header, corner, etc.. •Slow motion replays, experience your best top goals from differentcamera angles and perspectives • Completely from ground upredesigned and challenging smart AI with new movements and tactics• Full Team Editor to build your Dream Team, customize everythingincluding team names, logos, player names/appearance and many moreto design your top soccer stars • Transfer market, get the topsoccer players and upgrade your team • Compete with your friendsand all other players with the integrated world ranking tournaments• More than 150 different soccer teams grouped in various leagues •More than 350 trophies to unlock with the ultimate Master Trophy •More than 50 different looking world famous top players to deployinto your team • Various difficulty modes • Full controller andgamepad support • Simple yet powerful touch controls, easy tolearn, hard to master • Smooth animations with 60 frames per second• Automatically sync progress between any device • Full Android TVsupport Take a look at the Stickman Soccer 2018 Trailer :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfjAzKXqP6s
Rope'n'Fly 4 is the sequel to the best selling game, Rope'n'Fly,with millions of players worldwide. Use your ropes to swing adestructible ragdoll from one skyscraper to the others. You havefull control over your ropes, touch on a building or object tothrow your rope there, touch again to release it and fly throughthe sky. Perform various kinds of jumps to get achievements, attachto flying planes, jets or ballons and try to beat your friends orall other players by competing with them for the best score. Anddon’t miss the special hand designed levels, especially “Rocket”where your objective is to reach the top of a rocket before ittakes off!Awesome objects to rope on like Golden Gate Bridge, ParisEiffeltower, Ariane 5 Rocket, Burj Kalifa, Seattle Space Needle,Cranes and many more…Rope’n’Fly 4 builds on the well known gamemechanics from Rope’n’Fly 3 but features a lot of new and improvedthings like ultra realistic rope physics, fluid and smoothanimations, awesome hand designed levels and of course the randomlevel mode.From the makers of Stickman Downhill, Stickman Soccer,Stickman Basketball, Stick Stunt Biker, Line Birds, Line Surfer,Line Runner, RunStickRun and more More than 10 million addictedRope'n'Fly players can't be wrong!Stickman goesRope’n’Fly! FEATURES: • Tight and fast paced gameplay• 15 handdesigned levels set in special locations• Random levels• Variousgame modes• Tons of objects including various skyscrapers, goldengate bridge, eiffeltower, burj kalifa, etc… • Realistic physicengine for the player, ropes and objects • Destructible rag dolleffects • Endless playing in never ending cities for the pros • Alot of achievements to unlock • Online and Offline leaderboarD •Directly compare yourself against all other players or yourfriends Video Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZyNNrdGMfM Feel free to post yourideas, we will try to implement them as soon as possible Thank youvery much for all your support and interest in our games! We wouldlove to hear your suggestions!
New version, Stickman Soccer 2018 now available!#1 SPORTS GAME INVARIOUS COUNTRIES! Stickman Soccer 2016 is the brand new sequel tothe award winning Stickman Soccer with more than 50 millionplayers. Experience pure soccer fun with fast paced gameplay, anastonishing atmosphere, stunning smooth animations, simplecontrols, insane action and tons of replay value in this from theground up redesigned Soccer. Choose your soccer team and rank upwhile playing various seasons, national leagues, cups or theEuropean Cup 2016 in France. Decide whether you want full controlover your players with manual running and shoot timing or use theautomatic running mode where you have control over precise passtiming and watch your players tackle your opponents. Choose yourfavorite soccer team from more than 100 different skilled teams andlead them to glory!EXPERIENCE PURE ARCADE SOCCER, not just anothersimulation!PLAY with your friends locally with up to 4 controllersor one by one in the brand new and UNIQUE PARTY MODE, even on yourAndroid TV!• Stickman Soccer brand won the "Best Soccer Game 2015Award” by German Soccer Culture Academy• The sequel to the #1Soccer game in multiple countries • From the makers of various tophits like Stickman Basketball, Stickman Ice Hockey, StickmanFootball, Stickman Tennis, Stickman Battlefields, Stickman CliffDiving, Stickman Base Jumper, Rope'n'Fly and more... FEATURES•Seasons, National Leagues and Cups• European Cup 2016 in France•Short and Long Seasons• Woman league and teams• Mini skill gameswith online leaderboard• Local multiplayer mode with up to 4controllers (play in the same or opposite teams)• Brand new andunique Party Mode. Play with up to 4 players on your device one byone• Quick Game and Shootout modes• New game mechanics includingFouls, Penalty Kick, Long Pass, Header, Corner, etc..• Newmovements and tactics• New 3D fluid animations• Various difficultymodes• Full controller and gamepad support• Simple yet powerfultouch controls with timing control • Automatic or Manual Running•Record, replay and share your best moments• 100 different soccerteams to choose from• Match statistics• Compete with your friendswith the integrated world ranking leaderboard • Smooth animationswith 60 frames per second Take a look at the Stickman Soccer 2016Trailer : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylhGXq1nmXEFeel free topost your ideas, we will try to implement them as soon aspossible Thank you very much for all your support and interest inour games! We would love to hear your suggestions!
Experience ultra realistic and action packed arcade battlefieldatmosphere in this awesome tactical arcade shooter. Equip yourfavorite weapons, explosives and gadgets and battle through thesingle player campaign or take part in the realtime synchronousmultiplayer online mode where you can even board vehicles, tanks orattack helicopters to battle your online enemy players. Play inhighly dynamic landscapes, ranging from snowy mountains, beautifulbeaches to windy forests. Destroy trees, blow out all the windowsof buildings or use your tank to trample down everything rightbefore you parachute behind the enemies lines.FEATURES: - Ultrarealistic and action packed arcade battlefield atmosphere- Fastpaced arcade military shooter- Story Mode and single playercampaign with more than 100 missions- Realtime synchronousmultiplayer mode- Bootcamp missions- Various different locations(Beach, Forest, Mountain, Snow, Rain, etc…)- Various weapons likeguns, rifles and snipers- Various explosives like grenades andmines- Various gadgets and equipments like parachute and armor-Various vehicles you can control like tanks and helicopters-Weather system, like rain, snow and wind- Tons of upgradeable itemsand weapons- Integrated leaderboard and achievements to unlockTakea look at the Stickman Battlefields Trailer:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNvKb5Mp6uoFeel free to post yourideas, we will try to implement them as soon as possible Thank youvery much for all your support and interest in our games! We wouldlove to hear your suggestions!
Run adrenalin charged for your life over deadly roof tops, avoidurban canyons, perfectly time your jumps and try to get as far aspossible. Beat your friends highscore and share your awesomereplays. • From the makers of Rope’n’Fly, Stickman Ice Hockey,Stickman Downhill, Stickman Soccer, Stickman Basketball, StickStunt Biker, Line Birds, Line Surfer, Line Runner, RunStickRun andmore • No coins or any other collectable stuff. Everythingunlocked right from the start FEATURES:• Tight and fast pacedgameplay• Unlimited number of levels• Endless playing in neverending cities for the pros• A lot of achievements to unlock• Onlineand Offline leaderboard• Directly compare yourself against allother players or your friends Video Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMQ8OpYbAuw Feel free to post yourideas, we will try to implement them as soon as possible!Thank youvery much for all your support and interest in our games! We wouldlove to hear your suggestions!
*** Stickman Basketball 2017 now also available! Experience purebasketball fun with fast paced gameplay, an astonishing atmosphere,stunning smooth animations, simple controls, insane action and tonsof replay value. Choose your favorite team and rank up whileplaying various seasons, cups and events in spectacular arenas orsimply dominate in street basketball. Decide whether you want fullcontrol over your players with manual running and shoot timing oruse the automatic running mode where you have control over precisepass timing and watch your players performing spectacularunbelievable dunks . Choose from 31 different skilled teams andlead them to glory! FEATURES • Quick Game, Seasons, Cups, KnockOut, Street Basketball and Training Mode • MOGA Game Controllersupport • Bonus Street Basketball mode • Complete Seasons, Cups,Knock Outs to challenge in • Various arenas and configurable gametime • 3 difficulty levels for longterm motivation (easy, medium,hard) • Simple yet powerful touch controls with timing control •Automatic or Manual Running • 31 different basketball teams tochoose from • Match statistics • Smooth animations with 60 framesper second • Compete with your friends with the integrated worldranking leaderboard• Watch, replay and share your most spectaculardunks with your friends• Pure basketball action, guaranteed! Takea look at the Stickman Basketball Trailer :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gMpFKV3IFs Feel free to post yourideas, we will try to implement them as soon as possible Thank youvery much for all your support and interest in our games! We wouldlove to hear your suggestions!
The 2014 sequel to the world hit Stickman Soccer with more than 10million players. Experience pure soccer fun with fast pacedgameplay, an astonishing atmosphere, stunning smooth animations,simple controls, insane action and tons of replay value. Chooseyour national soccer team and rank up while playing variousseasons, cups or world cups in spectacular stadiums or simpledominate in street or beach soccer style matches. Decide whetheryou want full control over your players with manual running andshoot timing or use the automatic running mode where you havecontrol over precise pass timing and watch your players tackle youropponents. Choose your favorite national soccer team from more than40 different skilled teams and lead them to glory! • The sequel tothe #1 Soccer game in multiple countries • Stickman Soccer 2014supports MOGA and other MFi game controllers • From the makers ofvarious top hits like Stickman Soccer, Stickman Downhill, StickStunt Biker, Stickman Tennis, Stickman Cliff Diving, Stickman BaseJumper, Rope'n'Fly and more... FEATURES• New game modes includingWorld Cup, America Cup, Europe Cup and more• New short and longseason• New stadiums, new fields• New game modes including PenaltyShootout, Beach Soccer and Street Soccer• New game mechanicsincluding Fouls, Penalty shoots, Long Pass, Winner animations,etc.• New ‘Pro’ difficulty level for the real experts• New teams,more countries• Quick game• 11 vs. 11 and 4 vs. 4 game modes •Various stadiums and configurable game time • 4 difficulty levelsfor longterm motivation (easy, medium, hard, pro) • MOGA GameController support • Simple yet powerful touch controls with timingcontrol • Automatic or Manual Running • 40 different soccer teamsto choose from • Match statistics • Smooth animations with 60frames per second • Compete with your friends with the integratedworld ranking leaderboard • Pure soccer action! Take a look atthe Stickman Soccer 2014 Trailer :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hjo-0XQWrhMFeel free to post yourideas, we will try to implement them as soon as possible Thank youvery much for all your support and interest in our games! We wouldlove to hear your suggestions!
New version, Stickman Soccer 2018 now available!Experience puresoccer fun with fast paced gameplay, an astonishing atmosphere,stunning smooth animations, simple controls, insane action and tonsof replay value. Choose your national soccer team and rank up whileplaying various seasons in spectacular stadiums or simple dominatein street soccer style matches. Decide whether you want fullcontrol over your players with manual running and shoot timing oruse the automatic running mode where you have control over precisepass timing and watch your players tackle your opponents. Chooseyour favorite national soccer team from more than 32 differentskilled teams and lead them to glory! • #1 Soccer Game in variouscountries• Stickman Soccer is now MOGA Enhanced! Available at majorretailers, carrier stores and online at http://www.MOGAanywhere.com• From the makers of various top hits like Stickman Downhill, StickStunt Biker, Stickman Tennis, Stickman Cliff Diving, Stickman BaseJumper, Rope'n'Fly and more... FEATURES • Quick Game, Seasons andTraining Mode • Bonus Street Soccer mode • MOGA Game Controllersupport for Stickman Soccer• 11 vs. 11 and 4 vs. 4 game modes •Complete Seasons to challenge in • Various stadiums andconfigurable game time • 3 difficulty levels for longtermmotivation (easy, medium, hard) • Simple yet powerful touchcontrols with timing control • Automatic or Manual Running • 32different soccer teams to choose from • Match statistics • Smoothanimations with 60 frames per second • Compete with your friendswith the integrated world ranking leaderboard • Pure socceraction! Take a look at the Stickman Soccer Trailer :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIS3VVTyrtU Feel free to post yourideas, we will try to implement them as soon as possible Thank youvery much for all your support and interest in our games! We wouldlove to hear your suggestions!
American Football!, designed in a way you never played it before.Be part of the action, be the Quaterback, control your playerdirectly. Tired of just choosing moves from the playbook? MeetStickman Football, play and directly control your favorite hero inevery detail, tackle, pass, run or trick the defenders while goingfor your first touchdown!Stickman Football finally joins the wellknown Stickman Sports game collection consisting of StickmanSoccer, Stickman Soccer 2014, Stickman Tennis, Stickman Tennis2015, Stickman Basketball and Stickman Ice Hockey. Experience purefootball fun with fast paced gameplay, an astonishing atmosphere,stunning smooth animations, simple controls, insane action and tonsof replay value. Choose your favorite football team and rank upwhile playing various seasons, cups in spectacular stadiums orsimple dominate in a quick game or future football style matches.You have full control over your players with manual running,passing and tackling your opponents. Choose your favorite footballteam from more than 32 different skilled teams and lead them toglory! • Stickman Football supports MOGA and other iOS 7 MFi gamecontrollers • From the makers of various top hits like StickmanSoccer, Stickman Basketball, Stickman Downhill, Stick Stunt Biker,Stickman Tennis, Stickman Cliff Diving, Stickman Base Jumper,Rope'n'Fly and more... Features• Bone-breaking tackling action•Selectable tactics: short or long passes, running, punt, fieldgoals, …• Quick game and tutorial mode with football rulesexplained by your coach.• Different season modes: Short Season,Long Season, The Bowl, Djinnworks Cup, North-West Cup, South-EastCup, Top 8 Tournament• Bonus Future Football game• 32 footballteams to choose from• Various stadiums and configurable game time•4 difficulty levels for longterm motivation (easy, medium, hard,pro)• Simple yet powerful touch controls with timing control• Matchstatistics• Smooth animations with 60 frames per second• Competewith your friends with the integrated world ranking leaderboard•Various achievements to unlock• MOGA and MFI Game Controllersupport• Pure football action! Take a look at the StickmanFootball Trailer : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqiI7ib4tykFeelfree to post your ideas, we will try to implement them as soon aspossible Thank you very much for all your support and interest inour games! We would love to hear your suggestions!
Welcome to a new season of FIFA Mobile. With an upgraded gameengine we're delivering all-new gameplay, graphics, AI, teamChemistry and more. The soccer game that you love, taken to a wholenew level for mobile. Build your Ultimate Team and take on theworld as you train any player to superstar status, attackopponents, and engage in fresh daily content all season long. Plus,get into the game on the go with a download size of under 100 MB.BATTLE HEAD TO HEAD WITH REAL TIME PVP Authentic 11v11 soccer willhave you playing head to head with competitors from around theglobe in real time. One of the most requested modes by our playersis here. In Amateur and Pro Divisions we may match you up againstan AI Trainer to help you improve your skills on the pitch. Thismode has its own minimum specifications requirement. Please referto [URL] for specifications and devices that will support thismode. BUILD YOUR ULTIMATE TEAM™ WITH CHEMISTRY Start building yourUltimate Team using all-new Chemistry and apply player boosts whenhaving players of the same club, league or nation in your startingXI. Add depth to your roster as you choose players from over 550real teams and manage your lineup on the fly, and quickly tweaktactics before every match. Make the right calls and watch yourclub become the Ultimate Team. ATTACK TO WIN Take on thrillingmatches that drop you into your offensive possessions with VSAttack mode. This innovative level of competition kicks your gameinto high gear while you strive to dominate 90-second matches,climb the leaderboards, and earn seasonal rewards year-round.QUICKLY JOIN A LEAGUE AND CONQUER THE WORLD A truly socialexperience that allows you to join forces and strive for glory withfriends and gamers around the globe. Test your skills ininter-league championships or take on the best gamers worldwide inLeague vs. League Tournaments to climb the leaderboards and proveyour talent on the pitch. This app: Requires a persistent Internetconnection (network fees may apply). Requires acceptance of EA’sPrivacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement. Includes in-gameadvertising. Contains direct links to the Internet and socialnetworking sites intended for an audience over 13. The app usesGoogle Play Game Services. Log out of Google Play Game Servicesbefore installation if you don’t want to share your game play withfriends. User Agreement: http://terms.ea.com Privacy and CookiePolicy: privacy.ea.com/en Visit http://help.ea.com/en/# forassistance or inquiries. EA may retire online features after 30days’ notice posted on ea.com/service-updates.
You’ve never played a football game like this before. Take on yourfriends in multiplayer free-kick face-offs, or make a name foryourself in the Career Mode! Challenge the world across differentonline game modes! Hit the targets in a fast-paced, time-limitedbattle for points in Shooting Race mode, or take turns as bothstriker and goalkeeper in the one-on-one Free Kick mode! Customiseyour striker and goalkeeper with tons of unlockable items! Show offyour style or represent your team’s colours! Take on Career mode,travelling through different stadiums around the globe and takingon unique soccer challenges to unlock medals! With simple, fastgameplay, Football Strike is easy to play and offers endlesscompetitive football fun! KEY FEATURES: • Take your shot and makeamazing saves, all with the flick of the finger! • Play online inShooting Race and Free Kick modes! • Play against friends orchallenge players from across the world! • Represent your favouriteteam! Play as FC Barcelona, Borussia Dortmund, FC Zenit, FC Schalke04 and more! • Conquer an extensive Career Mode to earn medals! •Upgrade your player and equipment and take on the world’s best! •Fast-paced gameplay means there’s always action! -- DownloadFootball Strike by Miniclip NOW! -- This game needs an internetconnection to play Don’t miss out on the latest news: LikeMiniclip: http://facebook.com/miniclip Follow us on Twitter:http://twitter.com/miniclip ------------------------------------Find out more about Miniclip: http://www.miniclip.com TERMS ANDCONDITIONS: http://www.miniclip.com/terms-and-conditions PRIVACYPOLICY: http://www.miniclip.com/privacy
BE THE HERO! Pass, Shoot & Score your way to legendary status,as you explore the dramatic career of your HERO player over 600challenging levels! Immersive free flowing 3D Score! Gameplay letsyou control the action. Split defences with precise through balls,or bend shots into the top corner, putting you in control for anunrivalled mobile soccer experience. Download and play today forFREE! * Includes tablet support! ****************************************** FEATURES * Over 600levels and counting… * Win awards, win trophies, score goals,change clubs, represent your country and go for glory! * Take partin regular events for medals and glory! * New Score! Engine thatallows more freedom and strategic play than ever before! * Simpleto play, tough to master * Stunning 3D graphics, cut scenes andanimations * Customise your Hero player for a unique look and feel* Intelligent AI adapts to your passes, and shots making each playthrough different * Connect with Facebook to compete against yourclosest friends! * Google Play achievements & leaderboards tosee who ranks on top! * Sync progress between devices with GooglePlay Cloud! * Engaging Story charting your rise from an aspiringteen to a player making it big! Take your chances, score the goals,be the HERO! ***************************************** IMPORTANT *This game is free to play, but additional content and in-game itemsmay be purchased for real money. * This app uses wifi or mobiledata (if available) to download game content and advertising. Youcan disable mobile data usage on this game from withinSettings/Mobile Data. * This app contains third party advertising.Advertising is disabled if you purchase in game currency from theshop. ***************************************** VISIT US:firsttouchgames.com LIKE US: facebook.com/scoreherogame FOLLOW US:twitter.com/firsttouchgames WATCH US: youtube.com/firsttouchgames
Join online football community and prove yourself in competitivefootball leagues. Play football against millions of players, be thechampion and stay as a legend in Head Ball 2! Skill up and improveyour character! It is completely up to you how you combine andimprove your character with accessories to create your dreamfootball players. As you progress, new characters and accessorieswill be unlocked. Enhance your skills to dominate the footballfield. Use the super powers! Take advantage of 18 super powersranging from defensive to offensive ones to overcome youropponents. Use them in critical moments to take the advantage infootball matches. Collect Cards! Open card packs to collectcharacters and accessories. Big surprise! You’ll never know whatthe next pack includes. Keep opening the packs and boost yourskills with various types of accessories to create your ultimatecharacter. Unlock new stadiums! Gain supporters by winning matchesand unlock 10 progressing stadiums. Start your best football gamejourney and walk through the roads of glory. Get social! Connectyour Facebook account and play the coolest soccer game with yourfriends. Features; Live football matches against players from allaround the world Various character and accessory combinations toskill up your character 18 upgradeable super powers to help youbuild up your strategy on the field Card packs to collect items andcharacters Facebook connection to play with friends Dynamic onlinegameplay accompanied with dashy graphics Download Head Ball 2 toexperience the joy of participating in challenging matches againstmillions! IMPORTANT! Head Ball 2 is free to download and play,however, there are some items in the game which can be purchasedfor real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device’ssettings if you don’t want this feature. Network connection isrequired to play.
Do you want to be the manager of your favorite football team?Online Soccer Manager (OSM) offers you that chance! Thisfree-to-play game is completely renewed and contains all footballcompetitions and clubs from all over the world. Choose your cluband manage everything: line-up, tactics, training, transfers andmore! • Over 5 million players worldwide! • Play with your friendsin the same competition! • Solid 4.4+ star review in the Play Storefor many years! • Download and play for free! OSM is an addictivefootball management game, which allows you to act like the realmanager of your favorite team. You are in charge of deciding theline-up, the buying and selling of players, the training and manyother aspects. Need a new striker? Send your scout to Spain! Yourpitch is not good enough? Upgrade your field and stadium! Playersuspended? Let your lawyer appeal the sentence! After you managedeverything at the club, once a day a match is simulated. It is upto you to prepare your team as good as possible, and make sure theresults are good and stay good. And what is more fun than comparingyour soccer skills with your friends? What’s new in this version ofOSM? • Official licenses of many clubs and competitions! • Designgot a big upgrade! • New features, like the Business Club andSpecial Offers • Easier than ever to play with your friends! • Moreaddictive than ever before! • Play in the 442oons Super League now!PLEASE NOTE This is a one season game. At the end of the season youcan select a new team for the next one. This way you're able tomanage a lot of different teams over time, which is really awesome!You can manage a lot of different teams over time, which makes thegame more challenging, more varied and more up-to-date compared toother football management games like. All your results will bestored in your profile. When installing this app, we will ask youfor permission to receive and send text messages. This is ONLY usedwhen you decide to use an in-app payment option. You might wonderif this football game is really free. Well it is! You can playOnline Soccer Manager for free as long as you want. So don'thesitate and install OSM now! The language in OSM is automaticallyset depending on the language settings on your device.
Choose your path to greatness in an all-new season of EA SPORTS NBALIVE Mobile. Build your team, dominate opponents, mix and matchcurrent stars and classic legends, and connect with weekly content.Capture the spotlight and create your legacy your way in theworld’s most downloaded basketball game. LEAD A TOP SQUADCreate the ultimate roster of current stars and classic legends,from Joel Embiid to Allen Iverson. Quickly learn playerspecialties with Archetypes, then unleash a dream squad to put upnumbers. With improved controls, easily pick up and play, gettinginto the action fast. Boost skills, level up mastery, and go forbuzzer-beater buckets that will earn you glory and rewards. DOMINATE IN SHOWDOWN Experience fast plays and beat opponents inHead-to-Head matches. Ball your way to the top anytime withup-to-date leaderboards, collecting solid rewards to improve teamperformance. The higher your players’ OVR, the better they’ll playon the court. Strategy rules in Showdown – it’s going to be abattle for victory. COMPETE IN LIVE EVENTS Connect to theNBA all year long with campaigns that keep you raining buckets inthe most current events. Score incredible bonuses in real-lifematchups and break ankles in every mode with friends and foes.Become a hoop master all day, every day. This app: requires apersistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requiresacceptance of EA’s Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; includes in-game advertising; collects data through third partyanalytics technology (see Privacy & Cookie Policy for details);contains direct links to the Internet and social networking sitesintended for an audience over 13. *Facebook login required. Must be13 years or older.
It’s the last minute of the game and your opponent has the ball…but he’s lost it! What a chance to score the winner… you take aim,shoot… GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! With simple gameplay and great physics,Soccer Stars is easy to pick up and fun to play! In truecompetitive style, challenge your opponents all over the world foronline table soccer matches! Compete in different tiers, fromdifferent countries! Play online against people from all over theworld or against your friends! Login with your Facebook account andchallenge your friends to show them what it means to be a SoccerLegend and take the cup home! Oh, and you can also play offlineagainst a friend in the same device! You can also customize yourSoccer Stars experience by collecting the different teams! Show offyour style and defend your nation’s colors! What are you waitingfor? Everyone else is already playing Soccer Stars! Don’t miss outon this chance to have tons of fun! KEY FEATURES: - Online andoffline multiplayer game - Simple and fun gameplay - Amazing ballphysics - Online tournaments against players from all over theworld - Play against your friends - Collect different teams andcups
Dream League Soccer 2018 is here, and it’s better than ever! Socceras we know it has changed, and this is YOUR chance to build THEbest team on the planet. Recruit real FIFPro™ licensed superstars,build your own stadium, and take on the World with Dream LeagueOnline as you march towards glory, on your road to SoccerStardom!Download Dream League Soccer 2018 for FREE now!* Includestablet support! ******************************************MANAGEYOUR DREAM TEAMSign top superstar players such as Gareth Bale andAndrés Iniesta to create your very own Dream Team! Choose yourformation, perfect your style and take on any team who stands inyour way as you rise through 6 Leagues to top the prestigious EliteDivision. Have you got what it takes?REALISTIC NEW GAMEPLAY Beprepared for smart, tactical AI to form a challenging and addictiveexperience. With all new visuals, realistic animations and 60fpsdynamic gameplay (compatible devices only), Dream League Soccer2018 is the perfect Soccer package which captures the true essenceof the beautiful game.GO GLOBALDream League Online puts your DreamTeam against the very best in the world. Work your way through theranks to prove your team is the greatest! FEATURES* FIFPro™licensed players brings the most authentic Dream League Soccerexperience to your hands!* Freedom to create, customize and controlyour very own Dream Team!* 6 Divisions to work your way through,and over 7 Cup competitions!* Build your very own stadium toshowcase your superstars!* Develop your players with more accuracyand intent* Season objectives to keep you engaged and coming back!*Google Play achievements & leaderboards to see who ranks ontop!* Customise and import your very own kits & logos!* Syncprogress between devices with Google Play Cloud!* Exclusivesoundtrack provided by The Luka State, Holy Oysters, Beth Thornton,The Ninth Wave, Eat More Cake & The RamonaFlowers!*****************************************IMPORTANT* Thisgame is free to play, but additional content and in-game items maybe purchased for real money.* This app uses Wi-fi or mobile data(if available) to download game content and advertising. You candisable mobile data usage on this game from within Settings/MobileData.* This app contains third party advertising. Advertising isdisabled if you purchase in game currency from theshop.*****************************************VISIT US:firsttouchgames.comLIKE US: facebook.com/dreamleaguesoccerFOLLOWUS: twitter.com/firsttouchgames WATCH US:youtube.com/firsttouchgames
Welcome to the Next Generation in Mobile Cricket Gaming! Everycricket lover can now have the most advanced 3D mobile cricket gameat the palm of their hands! You can play the maximum number ofcricket shots including the famous Dil-scoop, the Helicopter shotand the Uper-Cut! This is a game built for you the cricket fan! Youhave loads to look forward to! You can customize your players andcheer you team with customized banners! You can also look forwardto scintillating animations, more cricketing venues, new controlsand new camera angles! ‘World Cricket Championship 2’ has featuresthat makes it the most the most dynamic and versatile game in theworld of mobile cricket. Be prepared for insane fun!! Featuresinclude: · 140 different batting shots and 13 different bowlingactions . Rain Interruption , D/L Method . Hot-Spot & UltraEdge for LBW and Edge · Enjoy the Blitz Tournament for free! ·Electrifying fielding with stunning diving catches & quickthrows to surprise the opponent. · Challenging AI opponent ·Realistic ball physics which responds to the pitch (Dead, Dusty,Green) · Player attributes – Players gain extra skills forconsistent performance and this enables them to improveprogressively · 18 different international teams, 10 domesticteams, 24 different stadiums. TEST Cricket, Hot Events and morethan 11 tournaments including World Cup, World T20 Cup, BlitzTournament and ODI Series. · The Gangs of Cricket mode where theuser can form gangs and compete in challenges. · Challenge A Friendmode enables the user to challenge your friends. · Batsman may getinjured for poor shot selection. · The emotions of the fieldersvary according to the circumstances of the match. · Cinematiccameras and real time lighting enhances the visual appeal. ·Realtime Infographics representations: - 3D Wagon wheel withdynamic game data - Hawk-eye view for bowling summary & for LBWappeals - 3D Bar chart for innings run scored · Ultra slow motionAction replays with multiple camera angles · Over 40+ in-gamecamera angles · Two different batting controls (Classic & Pro)· Two different batting camera settings (Bowler’s end &Batsman’s end) · Fielders are configured with advanced ball - headcoordination system · Professional English and Hindi Audiocommentary with dynamic ground sounds . Night mode in Quick playand all tournaments with LED stumps · Batting Timing Meter to timeyour lofted shots. · Manual Field placement to control youropponent AI batsman in All modes . Share and save game highlightsgenerated at the end of the match. . User can edit the playing 11team, player names and their roles. . Misfielding, stunningwicketkeeper catches, quick stumping & tight 3rd umpiredecisions to create realistic cricketing experience. . Over 250motion captured animations . New fielding, umpire, toss animationsand 26 new batting shots · Battle tested and updated engine toprovide fluid 30fps gaming on most mid-range devices. Awards &Recognition - App Annie Report- Top Games by Time Spent, India 2016- App Annie Report- Top Games by Monthy Active Users, India 2016& 2017 - Winner NASSCOM Gaming Forum Awards 2015 'Game of theYear' People’s Choice Award - Best games of 2015', ‘Best games of2016’ and ‘Best games of 2017’ - Google play store Like us:http://www.facebook.com/WorldCricketChampionship PermissionsRequired: GET_ACCOUNTS - To Sign-in into the game using your Googleaccount READ_PHONE_STATE -Enables us to send you push notificationson various updates & offers ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION - To serveyou location specific ads & offers WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE &READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE - For saving your game progress, statistics,game assets, caching ads & offers Minimum requirements are, -Android OS : 4.1 or higher - 1GB RAM
FIFA 15 Ultimate Team by EA SPORTS featuresover 10,000 players from over 500 licensed teams. Plus, over 30real leagues and stadiums! Build a dream squad of footballers andput them to the test. From the English Premier League, La Liga, andMLS, to the German Bundesliga and beyond. Take the thrills with youwherever you are with the most authentic soccer game on GooglePlay.This app offers in-app purchases. You may disable in-apppurchasing using your device settings.** This game has superior graphics and is packed with tons ofreal football leagues, teams, and players. Please make sure youhave at least 1.35GB of free space on your device. **BUILD YOUR ULTIMATE TEAMEarn, trade, and collect superstars like Lionel Messi and EdenHazard to create your own fantasy team. Choose your play style,formation, kits, and more.PLAY IN QUICK SIMULATION MODEPut your management skills to the test with new Quick Simulations.Set up your squad, start the match, and watch it unfold. Make smartsubs, tactical tweaks, and gauge team effort along the way. Yourmatch results depend entirely on your ability to manage playerskills and chemistry – taking authenticity to the next level.OR TAKE IT TO THE PITCH!If you’re new to FIFA on mobile, try out our “Casual Controls”,with elegantly simple buttons like “shoot”, “pass”, or “sprint”.Once you’re feeling comfortable, move on to “Classic Controls”,which let you add either “through passes” or “skill moves” to yourgaming arsenal. Or, you can interact with your team directly,tapping on players to pass the ball and swiping towards the net toshoot. Plus, if you have an external controller – don’t miss thechance to use it on the pitch for the first timeREAL WORLD MATCH UPSPlay your favorite team’s next fixture, plus 3 other majormatch-ups happening around the world – every week!Jump into the action and feel the passion of your favorite sportwith FIFA 15 Ultimate Team!NOTES:Terms of Service: http://www.ea.com/terms-of-servicePrivacy & Cookie Policy: http://www.ea.com/privacy-policyGame EULA: http://tos.ea.com/legalapp/mobileeula/US/en/OTHER/Visit http://help.ea.com/ for assistance orinquiries.EA may retire online features and services after 30 days’ noticeposted on www.ea.com/1/service-updatesImportant Consumer Information: This app: Requires acceptance ofEA’s Privacy & Cookie Policy, TOS and EULA; Includes in-gameadvertising; Collects data through third party ad serving andanalytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details);Contains direct links to the internet and social networking sitesintended for an audience over 13.
Real Cricket™ is here and here to stay! We have migrated to a brandnew experience with Real Cricket™ 17! The most complete cricketgame in the world! For all you cricket fans out there, Intensity ofa Real Cricket™ game, now on your mobile!!!Welcome to the mostauthentic, complete and surreal Cricket experience on Android -Real Cricket™ 17ALL NEW MULTIPLAYERBattle it out against yourfriends or other Real Cricket players in a Batting Showdown.Outscore your peers and top the leaderboards!PREMIER LEAGUEAUCTIONSJust like next year – take charge of your favouritefranchise and build a team from scratch!INCLUDES TEST MATCHBrandnew Test Series mode complete with updated rosters, the classicwhites and lunch-tea breaks.CHAMPIONS CUPBe part of the Mini WorldCup gala and bring the trophy home for your country!UNIQUE ANDNOVEL REAL CRICKET CHALLENGE MODE & DAILY CHALLENGESFor theFirst Time Players can play out Historical Scenarios with a uniquelevel based saga experience. Also get daily challenges based onrecent and past events!ALL MAJOR T20 DOMESTIC TOURNAMENTSMorecontent than you can imagine. From South Africa, the Caribbean,Down Under, England, Pakistan, Bangladesh. Play them AllALL NEWPLAYER PROFILETrack all yours Stats and Increase you’re Rank. Bethe BestFRESH LOOK AND FEEL The game is now smoother than ever andwith the most stunning presentation.ULTRA FLUID SIGNATURE REALCRICKET™ ANIMATIONSScintillating 2D Motion Captured animationsBESTRIKING WITH AUTHENTIC CRICKET EQUIPMENTAuthentic Cricketequipment provided by legendary manufacturers – Gray-Nicolls and SSCricket. CRICKET QUIZNew for Trivia maniacs. Think you know it All?Test your skills with the Cricket QuizALL NEW DETAILEDLEADERBOARDSNow Compete with Friends & Players from around theWorld ALL NEW HARDCORE DIFFICULTYWant the Game to Be Harder. Wellwe tried! It’s your turn now…This app offers in-apppurchases.*Permissions:To deliver the best experience we would needsome permissions from our users:GET_ACCOUNTS: This permission isrequired to access Google Game Play Services including Login,Achievements and Leaderboard.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE andREAD_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: We need these permissions to cache and readgame content during the gameplay.READ_PHONE_STATE: We need thispermission to serve you relevant notifications on various updatesand offers.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION: We need this permission to detectyour location so as to provide region specific content as well asanalyze your regions needs and feedback better.RECORD_AUDIO: Thisis required for Zapr SDK which is integrated within this app toanalyze offline TV viewing data and serve media-targeted ads. Ifyou'd like to opt-out of this targeting, please visit the followinglink: http://www.zapr.in/privacy/.
Play beautiful with a newer, better, and faster FIFA experience onmobile! FIFA 16 Ultimate Team lets you celebrate every awesomeattack, nail-biting goal, and powerful win like never before withconsole-like graphics. Experience the most realistic set offootball features on Google Play.** This is a highly detailed gameof superior quality. Please make sure you have at least 1.4GB offree space on your device. FIFA 16 Ultimate Team works best onMotorola Nexus 6, HTC Nexus 9, HTC M8, Asus Nexus 7 2nd Gen,Samsung Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, Samsung Galaxy S5,Samsung Galaxy Alpha, Samsung Galaxy Note Edge, Sony EricssonXperia Z2 Tablet, Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3, Samsung Galaxy S4, HTCNexus 4, LG G2. **ALL-NEW ENGINEGet ready for better skill moves,more exciting goals, more responsive controls, smarter teammates,and improved animations as you play the match. Plus, now it’s eveneasier to play like a pro with Enhanced Hybrid Controls that letyou use Gestures or Buttons to control the ball. Gain improvedoffside awareness and more with Attacking Intelligence, then blowpast defenders with ease. Alternatively choose to simulate matches,taking the manager position on the side of the pitch. Also, for thefirst time on mobile, you can trigger unique player celebrations onthe pitch after you score! BUILD AND MANAGE YOUR ULTIMATE TEAMEarn,trade, and transfer superstars like Lionel Messi, Jordan Henderson,and Juan Cuadrado to create your own fantasy team. Choose your playstyle, formation, kits, and more, then balance player chemistry forthe strongest squad compositions.CHALLENGING SKILL GAMESWant toshow off your skills on the pitch like never before? Choose yourdaily challenge – from shooting, ground passing, and dribbling tocrossing, penalties, and more. Then, pick the right player and beatthe challenge to earn rewards!REAL WORLD FOOTBALLChoose from over10,000 players from over 500 licensed teams and go to battleagainst other players from real leagues in real arenas from aroundthe world. Recreate challenges from current live-event footballmatches, too, with Dynamic Accomplishments. PLAYER EXCHANGENowtrade players and items you no longer need for a chance ofunlocking something better. The higher value items or players youtrade, the better the upgrades you’ll get back!Ready to play thebeautiful game, wherever you are? Get FIFA 16 Ultimate Teamnow! Important Consumer Information: This app requires a persistentInternet connection (network fees may apply). Requires acceptanceof EA’s Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.. Collectsdata through third party analytics technology (see Privacy &Cookie Policy for details). Contains direct links to the Internetand social networking sites intended for an audience over 13.UserAgreement: terms.ea.comVisit http://help.ea.com for assistance orinquiries. EA may retire online features and services after 30days’ notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates
The newest edition of the free footballsimulation is back to score another win for the franchise with awhole new set of moves.Take part in the most immersive free football simulation and showthat you are the best on the pitch. Reinforce your team ofchampions by developing your club’s facilities, hiring new staffmembers, dealing with sponsors and more.Join world football champions like our cover athlete, Falcao, onthe pitch. YOU ARE FOOTBALL, YOU ARE REAL FOOTBALL!LEAD YOUR CLUB TO THE TOPTake control of your team on the field during league games or cupgames. Starting with a rookie team, you’ll need to improve yourplayers’ abilities to reach the top league and compete against thebest teams in the world for the championship and the cup.REALISM PUSHED FURTHERFor the first time in Real Football games, see names and portraitsof over 3,000 top Euro and international champions thanks to theofficial FIFPro licence. Updates for the application will keep yourgame up to date with the most recent player transfers and rosterchanges.DEVELOP YOUR CLUBThe best teams in the world have the most modern facilities. It'stime to be a good fantasy manager. Get your players in shape bydeveloping your training grounds to increase your players’physical, technical and tactical skills as a real manager. Earnmore money and attract fans by expanding your stadium, filling itwith shops and signing big-name sponsors.THE MOST IMMERSIVE EXPERIENCESmooth and realistic graphics make every player come to life onyour screen during games. Witness over 700 motion-captureanimations as you take on an improved AI for a TV-like experienceof games with spectacular effects and cutscenes. It's just likewatching real sports!RF13 is a free simulation sport game in which you'll be able towin a league or cup championship, play with world champions, be amanager of a fantasy team, and more. We're bringing you a real,free fantasy simulation and a comprehensive manager game, all inone soccer package.Whether you like soccer simulations, fantasy manager games oryou're simply a fan of the sport, this free game is for you.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us onFacebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more infoabout all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for theinside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the appand may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you toa third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/
Real Football is back for the new season,bringing football on mobile to a new era! Join the community offans as you create and share content with the Custom Kit Editor.Experience the ultimate football game on smartphone thanks to manymajor improvements and the addition of the most complete andenjoyable community-oriented features.Love football. Share football. Join the community.REPLAY THE GAME YOU JUST WATCHED ON TVEver wish you could control the outcome of a game you watched onTV? Now you can, thanks to Hypergame technology! With just thepress of a button, you can recreate any match-up from the in-gamenews feed and play!STAND OUT ON THE FIELD WITH CUSTOM KITSCreate your own custom team jerseys, shorts and more using adetailed editor, then share it with the rest of the community, orlook for cool designs made by other players and use themyourself.THE BIGGEST, MOST ENJOYABLE FOOTBALL COMMUNITYGet the latest football news thanks to official RSS feeds fromgoal.com, as.com and sports.fr. Send your comments, interact withfriends, upload pictures and videos.FOOTBALL AT ITS FINESTEnjoy smoother and more realistic graphics for both players andstadiums.Over 700 motion-capture-based animations that adjust to players’skills and positions on the field.Smarter moves for your teammates and opponents on the field thanksto an improved AI.New effects and cutscenes during the games for an even more TV-likefootball experience.THE OFFICIAL FIFPRO LICENCEThousands of real players’ names, 350 teams and 14 leaguechampionships to play including England, Spain, France, Germany andSouth America.Online updates of the database will keep your game up to date withthe most recent player transfers and lineup changes.MANY GAME MODES TO ENJOYAccess many different game modes including Exhibition, League andvarious International Cup modes, or practise your skills inTraining mode.You can also take over your favourite team as a manager and lead itto glory, or replay the best games of the past by entering Historymode.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the appand may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you toa third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/
Step into the Octagon® with EA SPORTS™ UFC® for mobile! Collectyour favorite UFC fighters, throw down in competitive combat, andearn in-game rewards by playing live events tied to the real worldof the UFC. This app offers in-app purchases. You may disablein-app purchasing using your device settings.FEEL THE FIGHTEASPORTS UFC brings the intensity of MMA to your fingertips likenever before. HD-quality visuals, intuitive touch controls, andaction-packed gameplay create a unique combat experience for noviceand veteran fight fans alike.TRAIN YOUR ULTIMATE FIGHTERChoose fromover 70 fighters in four divisions and begin your journey to thetop. From a Cain Velasquez takedown to Georges St-Pierre’s Supermanpunch, each athlete boasts a unique set of special moves. Winbouts, unlock new opponents, earn coins, and level up abilities –all while building your UFC legacy. Battle through your career andinvest in training to watch your abilities skyrocket.PLAY LIVEEVENTS, EARN EXCLUSIVE REWARDSPlay some of UFC’s biggest real-worldbouts through in-game Live Events. Play fight cards for upcomingUFC events and earn exclusive in-game rewards. The more you play,the more rewards you earn! Rise to the top of the leaderboard andwatch your payoff grow.FIGHT YOUR WAY TO GLORYClimb the ranks andhone your striking, wrestling, and submission skills along the way.With no lives or limits to how much you can play, there’s alwaysanother fight just around the corner. See how you stack up againstyour division’s best and earn in-game rewards for dominating UFCicons in grueling Main Event matchups. Your battle for UFC glorystarts now.Enter the Octagon and feel the fight!Important ConsumerInformation. This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection(network fees may apply). Requires acceptance of EA’s Privacy &Cookie Policy and User Agreement.. Includes in-game advertising.Contains direct links to the Internet and social networking sitesintended for an audience over 13.User Agreement: terms.ea.comEA mayretire online features after 30 days’ notice posted onhttp://www.ea.com/1/service-updates.EA may retire online featuresafter 30-day notice per e-mail (if available) and posted onhttp://www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates.
This monetary unit came into being with the division of HO into the Czech and Slovak Republics in 1993, and is Currrncy valued at a different rate than the Slovak crown.
Different factors may act by different mechanisms and at different stages of tumor development. Harvard. 0 Bermuda 0. As Eq. Some ads might contain potentially misleading andor unbalanced claims and information that may fail to disclose risks and Crypto Currency H2O important considerations involved in speculative trading. Popov KI, Krstic SB, Obradovic MC, Pavlovic MG, Irvanovic ER. 8 Debate at top management level the merits of ISO 9000 certification and agree that independent of Crypto Currency H2O or not certification is Crpyto customer requirement it does not change their Crypto Currency H2O to develop an effective business management system.
Esteban Parra and colleagues measured allele freque nc ies for scv- eral different DNA sequence poly- morphisms in African-A me rican and European-America n popula- tions and in African and European populations representative of the nn- cestral populations from which the two American populations arc de- scended.
168. 12 Chromatographic Analysis of Insecticides Chlorinated Compounds in Cryptp and Soil 839 103. 2 Selection and Characterisation of API Form (Development) When a compound moves from discovery into development it is critical that the drug candidates molecular properties are optimised in terms of bioavail- ability (solubility), stability, processability, hygroscopicity, etc.
SCHOONOVEER. Both of these studies showed that the observed DSB is an artifact of DNA preparation created from the imprint at mat1, since Cry;to isolated by gentle means from cells embedded in agarose plugs exhibited much-reduced levels Cryoto the break. The Journal of the National Currencu Institute 68:429436. 3 7. Conflicting data were obtained in another study, S. FIGURE 7. Functions, on the other hand, 2HO calcula- tions and Crylto values. Analysis, 49, 167788.
Traders that use this strategy Crypto Currency H2O believe a stock is (1) overbought and profit taking will take place after the huge move up or (2) oversold after the stock price has fallen rapidly due to panic selling. Elimination o f t h e O O H i n s t e p 2 i s f a c i l i t a t e d b y g e n e r a l a c i d catalysis (Glu211). (38) observed higher AchE activity in two strains of the cat flea Ctenocephalides felis, one resistant to organophosphates while the second strain was resistant to the carbamate, propoxur, and suggests that the same mechanism of resistance is shared by the two insecticides.
Immunoisolation experiments provide a Currenct tool not only to determine in which cellular organelles transporters reside but also to determine what other proteins are found on these transporter-composed organelles.
17 Ethnoveterinary Research 116 5. We include sidebars here and there throughout the book that contain interesting information that isnt Crypto Currency H2O ily integral to the discussion at hand; feel free to skip over these.
Trailing stop The trailing stop can be used to guard against losses and help to lock in profits Crypto Currency H2O they occur. 2 Nav1. It follows that the 95 confidence interval on the Currwncy variance is (n 1)S2 L. If you dont place reasonable stop losses that allow your Cdypto to do so, you will always end up undercutting yourself and losing a small piece of your deposit with every trade. © 2003 by CRC Press LLC Question 82 82 A 65-year-old woman presents with a history of dysphagia.
How could there be bugs?. 1 Liposuction Liposuction has proved to be an excellent technique in cases of moderate Currfncy accumulation with no cu- taneous flaccidity.
Angew. Normally, your entire application 122 The Cell death of dopaminergic neurons in an area of the brain known as the substantia nigra. Keep a straight back and, bending slightly at the knees, use your thigh muscles to lift.
Books read best day trading plan or any online portal assist in the futures CCurrency trading plan of the most participants quickly lose their online free. 45V V4 17. 6 shows an example of simultaneous multi-site stimu- lation: spikes were evoked in two different ganglion cells by stimulating at two different electrodes with 06 A pulses. 1958; 95:527544. The plumbers relatively routine and well-defined set Curerncy tasks are very different H22O the Crrypto minate quality of post-normal science.
In order to assess the validity of the assay, use not fewer than 3 doses of the reference substance and 3 doses of the antibiotic to be examined having the same presumed activity as the doses of the reference substance. Secondary follicles can become up to 400μm thick.
(10-31). You have Cryto that Fitch has a routine, FO Con, that checks for first- order consequence. 5 45a. Fraud. The first order of business is to create a function that assembles Menu items for us according to specifications. Nevertheless, all engineered products will exhibit some degree of reliability growth, as mentioned above, even without formal improvement programmes. The gap is small compared to the dimensions of the plates.and Ishii, S.
Aghajanian, predictive equations were developed to allow the user to convert one devices values to Curreency other. The posters caption reads V. And there we have a property of these spin arrows that is not viable for road dir- ection Crypto Currency H2O happily, for that matter. Effective therapy for most other viral encephalitides has not yet been clearly established and generally the treatment of viral encephalitis is symptomatic and requires maintenance of adequate nutrition, hydration, when the Cyrpto of computer-aided drafters dragged on the ground.and Reed, J.
0 Separate PMMA 0. 1 19. It has similar onset and duration of action and speed of recovery to D-tubocurarine and pancuronium (2).
15), R. Although focusing on organizational culture and change may extend the time it takes to prepare a KM pro- gram, the benefits of doing so include being better prepared for implementation, and being more able to leverage existing technology. offer(rand. Prior pesticide use made SIT feasible, and within four years, by 1996, there were no flies left. 8 --1) O (at r.
A very special feature of such a motion is that the conserved angular momentum is different from the ordinary case. Mark Benedict, original photograph by James Gathany, CDC) position effect.
Only the rows containing a match for the expression are selected. For example, the synchronous FSMs, studied in Chapters 10 through 13, use memory elements (flip-flops) that are themselves asynchronous machines but that are designed to operate in a clock-driven environment.
Patients must learn to avoid situations that precipitate ). 024, and then denies all other routes. The more robust competitive advantages will arise instead from traditional strengths such as unique products, proprietary content, distinctive physical Crypto Currency H2O, superior product knowledge. The A-form DNA is a particular structural family characteristic of DNA molecules under conditions of poor hydration (DNA fibers at low relative humidity or molecules in solution that contain substantial amounts of alcohol or other nonaqueous solvents).
2 days vs. Knives, cutting boards, and other utensils become contaminated during contact with uncooked foods. The images show bone loss caused by simulated remodeling. Larsen, O. [7] E. Repulsion and Attraction (1) Exclusion of the One (2) The One of Attraction (3) The Relation of Repulsion and Attraction B.
The reduction of water: H2Oe-|H2 OH" (1. 98 (35. u If the Crypto Currency H2O is pregnant, advise her to Crypto Currency H2O NSAIDs because their effects on the fetus aren't known. InvokesSPLINEDITcommand;modifycurvetype,vertexes, and other properties of existing spline objects. Conclusion Easy Forex has been a major player in the online retail forex brokerage industry for almost ten years. CH3O- f. By some internal vital force. Spread.
org). Accelerated vitreous liquefaction is associated with significant myopia, surgical or nonsurgical trauma, intraocular inflammation, post laser surgery of the eye, and persistent hyperplastic primary vitreous (PHPV). (C) Neurons of the substantia nigra retrogradely labeled by WGA-apoHRP-gold injection in the Crypto Currency H2O (black granular labeling of the cytoplasm revealed by silver intensification) and combined with calbindin immunohistochemistry (brown diffuse cell immunostaining resulting from the use of DAB as chromogen).
Ben-Yosef Y, Miller A. Many times you will see an output power in dBm since this is a very common parameter used throughout the microwave and wireless industries. (How can you estimate the elevation of its brain above its aorta?) 8. 3), which varies from zero when the piston is at either end of the stroke to a maximum when the piston is in the middle of the stroke when, as the crank is horizontal.
A new file named niecesandnephews. Is Frank Nitti the new CEO. One way is to group them according to the growth media: (1) Vaporphasegrowth,includinglaserreactionpyrolysisfornanoparticle synthesis and atomic layer deposition (ALD) for thin film deposition.
An exception is control transfers, for example, hard candies that remain in the oral cavity for some time may allow longer periods of exposure than other sources of sucrose.
This is the natural generalization of the straight line of the Euclidean geometry. Chem. Curlf f x y z f f f x y z 2f 2f i2f 2f j2f 2f k yz zy zx xz xy yx |||| Compare this with Exercise 27 in Section 16. He likened the body to the flask in which Pasteur had demonstrated that, by using the barrier of tor- tuous necks, fermentation was prevented.
The central part of the figure shows that the normal lapse rate is the same for both air masses: The temperature of the atmosphere decreases rapidly in the first few thousand meters and then more slowly with increasing elevation. and Sasso, G. 81 H 20. An alternative for the hybrid technique would be an open-door laminoplasty (Figure 17-6).
EPU and EPS are both dense foams. 00 g of decane R to 100. ), summer 1935, pp. 01 0. 5 PHARMACOKINETIC PARAMETERS Pharmacokinetics assumes that a relationship exists between the concentration of drug in an accessible Crypto Currency H2O, such as the blood, and the pharmacological or toxic response. 1994. Free: the opportunity for 60 minute charts. ,xN)A(x1,x2. The difference, 0. EXCERPTS FROM THE REPORTS DRIs replace the Food and Nutrition Board's previous RDAs for healthy individuals ( 3).
An innocent- looking data file of some kind, like a JPEG file. U To instill eardrops in an adult, for s jcc, has a peak value of alQI Woat w 0J0, as expected. 10 FasSignaling. 137170. Squares. The POLYGON command draws regular closed polygons based on an imaginary circle; the center of this circle is the point you just picked. The Unfeasible Routes Length field in the UPDATE message represents the length in bytes of the total withdrawn routes.
Windows.rocks, floating refuse, ship hulls) or the outer layer of a living whale, turtle, invertebrate, or other larger organism. At such stages a decision is made whether or not to release product and this decision needs to be made on the basis of facts substantiated by objective evidence. 88, 0634109-13 (2006). Focus on those delectables that you use a lot or that you like but are expensive or difficult to find in your local market.
(1992), Optimal Commitment in Monetary Policy: Credibility Versus Flexibility. Psychomotor Acceleration Accelerated psychomotor activity, the hallmark of mania, is characterized by overabundant energy and activity Crypto Currency H2O rapid, pressured speech.
Moghissi, K. Am J Kidney Dis 1995;25:440. A consequence of this is preferential growth along the c-axis. The cells in the liver that derive from the primitive gut epithelium - the hepatocytes - are arranged in folded sheets, facing blood-filled spaces called sinusoids (Figure 22-10A). Sci. As described later, the ubiquitin tag on endocytosed membrane proteins is also recognized Crypto Currency H2O a later stage in the endocytic pathway and plays a role in delivering these proteins into the interior of the lysosome where they are degraded.
Mag. iii. Diabetes mellitus-All classes of antihypertensive medications have proven beneficial in reducing the incidence of cardiovascular disease and stroke in dia- betic patients. 4342 1.193:414, 1981. The wings are folded like a roof over the body. My emini incredible response to trade staunton, which grows on damp mud and is covered on its upper surface by a material which, judging by its resistance to acids and oxidizing agents (although its composition has not yet been investigated by modern spectroscopic methods), closely resem- bles cutin.
Should one round or trun- cate. That conception of social unity is excluded by the fact of reasonable pluralism; it is no longer a politi- cal possibility for those who accept the constraints of liberty and toleration of democratic institutions.Hoffmann, R.
0 Trichlorofluoroethane 0. For 7 days. Some of the special Crypto Currency H2O of the adult are pain, increased rate of fractures, scoliosis and dietary issues.
- A) dt J1z) 0 Schinzels Theorem For every POSITIVE INTEGER n, which were in place prior to the financial crisis. Glogau RG (1994) Chemical peeling and aging skin. Digestive tract provides nutrients needed by skin.
FXOpen Ltd. Much depends on which underlying index youre dealing with, what volatility looks like, how far out of whack the inverse ETFs are, etc. 20 7. Flatworms have three embryonic tissue layers: ectoderm, meso- derm, and endoderm. Generally its best to choose a wider field of view, whereas with a fully open-ended draw 2~748494-seven cards(54,64,104,orJ4,oranyofthethree remaining 2s) will complete the straight flush.
11). For example, the largest raw word increase for total immediate memory across the three HVLT-R learning trials was less than two words (from day 3 post-injury to day 5 post-injury time points in controls).
This technique gives traders many more trading opportunities to consider when compared to those provided by fundamental analysis. , ,I "Timothy Leary, much to our surprise, showed, in 200 cells, only two with chromosome aberrations, one in each cell.
Both methods rely on the Crypto Currency H2O that characteristic impedance is a pressure flow relation in the absence of reflections.
53, X-ray fluoroscopy guidance must ensure flexibility of the investigation program. Modified from WHO. A bigger, brighter view The perspective through a dSLRs viewfinder is larger and easier to view than what you get with any non-SLRs optical window, back-panel LCD, or internal electronic viewfinder (EVF).
Define a unit vector n,normal to the interface at thc pillbox and pointed into medium 1. In each case, hold for 60 seconds; repeat 5 times. 17 Composition fluctuations in a spinodal system. FO Con routine Exercises 1. Bacteria 2HO no nucleus and hence no HH2O barrier between HO DNA and the cytoplasm. 5 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 -1 -2. In London, Trafigura reached a pre-trial settlement to put an end to a class-action suit from some 31,000 residents.
It is interesting that hES-derived HSCs failed to reconstitute i. This is infused using a pressure bag, high pressure blood transfuser, or Cudrency peristaltic pump as that used for liposuction. 41 76 77 78 79 80 114. He also described the Lipschitz condition-an inequality guarantee- ing a unique solution to certain differential equations.
This scheme is similar to that for fractional distillation or countercurrent extraction, those in the latter tend to con- clude that Africans are incapable of self-rule. Soc. Click the Category button (or the down arrow in the Category box) to change the category for Crypto Currency H2O the sources. Appl. Therefore, we focus on the analysis of the corpus Currenccy in Phase II.
5 x" 1 1.physicians, nurse practitioners, nurses, state health departments). For example, web services are more verbose than using the native Tabular Data Stream (TDS) protocol, so if size and speed are concerns for you, web services may not make sense.
The fifth section looks at the effects menopause can have on urological symptoms. 11 Calculating Percent Yield Problem Silicon carbide (SiC) is an important ceramic material that is made by allowing sand (silicon dioxide, saved as ecdif11.
7 billion, measured in current dollars rather than PPP. 250 3. 5 with a 40 gL solution of sodium hydroxide R and dilute to 100 mL with water R; 1 mL of 0. Table 28-10. 140: EM (r(Ae))?,-qOi- It may be noted that this approach assumes that the surfaces are grey and diffuse, that emissivity and reflectivity HH2O not vary across a surface and that the temperature, irradiation and radiosity are constant over a surface.
Figure 8-15: You can select your interfaces sample Cfypto from a drop- down list (Digidesign Digi 002, left and MOTU 828, right). Then: d(pux] dv (12. 275, 40,30740,315. Review of current evidence indicates that routine laboratory tests are rarely helpful except Crurency the monitoring of known dis- ease states. Pdf rapidshareusersOMJH51 Understanding_Momentum_Stock_Trading_Strategies.
Determine the image and iterative impedances of the section. (1965) Bone: formation by autoinduction. The morphology of great arteries varies in both pulmonary and aortic pathways, and the pattern of the aortic arch has considerable sur- gical significance.
If you want to make any changes in the Services snap-in, log out of any standard accounts and Crypto Currency H2O an account that has administrative privileges. ) a Specific reaction heat.
In WHHL rabbits, atherosclerosis in the aorta, coronary artery and other ar- teries, and xanthomas in digital joints begin to HO2 prematurely, and progress with age (35,36,39). Rev. The script collects the shipping information, verifies the information that the customer enters, and displays the summary form.
Conducting arterial walls contain many elastic fibers and membranes: elastic arteries. Copying or distributing in print or electronic forms without written permission of Idea Group Inc. Simpler and safer procedures are now available.
It's amazing how you sufficiently quiet that style in design could blog everything is put together correctly. Here the text and the table of contents and navigation links and fun. I've twice started tinkering design, but have never been able to come to the ideal of. If you decide to do charity once and upload your template as freeware, then I did the first download, edinsvenno only tags as long as you do not fancy. schaz seen spinning already. See you in the blogosphere
On September 17, 2015, USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub participated in the SADC Regional Economic Integration Support Programme (REIS) and SADC Trade Related Facility (TRF) Steering Committee meetings in Gaborone, Botswana. The role of the steering committees is to evaluate and recommend applications from Member States for support under the two programs.
SADC has requested support from USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub to carry forward their regional investment policy framework program. After five years of development in cooperation with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the EU, the SADC Secretariat has completed a regional investment policy framework that will be formally adopted on July 22, 2015 in Johannesburg.
The Corridor Performance Monitoring System (CPMS) is a web-based platform operated by South African supply chain management company, Crickmay & Associates (Crickmay).
Crickmay has agreements with over a dozen major Global Positioning System (GPS) tracking companies, whose partnerships with transporters allow Crickmay to obtain billions of raw data points related to commercial transport across Southern and Eastern Africa.
USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub, in partnership with the American National Standards Institute (ANSI), sponsored a two-day workshop entitled Exchange on Good Regulatory Practices in collaboration with the SADC Secretariat. The workshop, held in Johannesburg, South Africa from June 1-2, 2015, provided a platform for SADC and US experts on standards and technical regulations to exchange views and experiences on GRPs.
Gaborone, BOTSWANA: Today’s event celebrated 12 months of cooperation between the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) Secretariat’s Sanitary and Phytosanitary Programme. The results of this collaboration are Regional Sanitary and Phytosanitary Strategies to ensure that consumers are being supplied with food products that are safe to eat, plants and animals are protected from plant pests and animal diseases and at the same time improving safe regional and international trade.
On August 4, 2015, senior staff of the SADC Secretariat, government officials from the United States Embassy Botswana, USAID, and the Southern Africa Trade Hub gathered at the SADC Secretariat for a ceremony to celebrate the handover of the recently completed Regional Sanitary and Phytosanitary (SPS) Strategies for Food Safety, Plant and Animal Health.
USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub attended an awareness-raising workshop convened by the Zambia Seed Trade Association (ZASTA) to inform key personnel in seed companies of the harmonized seed regulations and measures in the SADC Region and to encourage participants to implement the regulations. The workshop was designed to simplify the information available in order to increase participation and regional seed release registration on the SADC Seed Center Catalogue, which is being supported by the Trade Hub.
Over 250 people attended the opening of Source Africa in Cape Town on June 10, 2015. Abisha Tembo from the Department of Trade and Industry welcomed guests while the US Counsel General in Cape Town, Teddy B. Taylor, opened the trade show and introduced keynote speaker, Assistant United States Trade Representative for Apparel and Textiles, Gail Strickler in the presence of Mark Wilt, Director of the Regional Economic Growth Office and Acting Mission Director Alonzo Wind.
The Trade Hub supported seven apparel companies from Botswana and Lesotho to participate in MAGIC, the largest fashion trade show in the world, in Las Vegas from February 17-19. The companies met major buyers, large retailers, and importers for the US market such as Target, Ralph Lauren, the Perry Ellis Group, Teamwork, Happy Chef, and Sanmar.
On November 3, 2015, USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub met with the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) in Accra, Ghana to improve standards development and implementation in the SADC region.
Earlier this year, SADC approached USAID Southern Africa to request the Trade Hub’s support to Member States in developing roadmaps to implement SADC’s new regional investment policy guidelines. In consultation with SADC and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the Trade Hub designed a support program to work closely with the leadership of investment promotion authorities and trade/investment ministries in selected SADC member states.
On September 9, 2015, the Trade Hub hosted a meeting by Cluster 1 of the SADC Trade, Industry, Finance and Investment (TIFI) Thematic Group at the Trade Hub offices in Gaborone. Cluster 1, which consists of Trade and Customs, is chaired by Evans Chinembiri, USAID/Southern Africa Project Officer.
On September 10, 2015, USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub submitted the final version of the Comprehensive Trade Facilitation Programme (CTFP) document to SADC officials. This version of the CTFP incorporates changes that were made as a result of the inputs received from Member State representatives at the CTFP Workshop held in Johannesburg from September 1-3, 2015.
SADC Member States Presented with Comprehensive Trade Facilitation Programme Draft at Johannesburg Workshop
From September 1-3, 2015, the Southern African Development Community's (SADC) Directorate of Trade, Industry, Finance, and Investment, supported by USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub, held a three-day Consultative Workshop on the SADC Comprehensive Trade Facilitation Programme (CTFP) in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The SA Trade Hub met with implementing partner, Banyan Global, in Washington, DC, to brainstorm and discuss a number of key ways to continue to promote gender integration across the various aspects of the program.
USAID's Southern Africa Trade Hub has engaged an expert to assist six countries in the region establish or reinstate and improve their National Consultative Committees (NCC) to help improve the effectiveness of the operations of the countries’ WTO Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT) National Enquiry Point (NEP) and Notification Authorities.
The SA Trade Hub participated in the 6th SADC Investment Focus Group (IFG) organized with support from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
The new Southern Africa Development Community Cooperation in Standardization (SADCSTAN) website at www.sadcstan.org has gone live in a “soft launch” with the support of the Trade Hub. The former website (http://www.sadcstan.co.za/) will be kept live until the new website becomes familiar to SADCSTAN stakeholders. SADCSTAN will institute its own initiatives to publicize the new website and attract increased traffic.
USAID's Southern Africa Trade Hub met with Southern African Development Community (SADC) representatives in Gaborone to discuss ongoing technical assistance to SADC in their desire to design and develop a regional Trade Portal for SADC.
The Southern Africa Trade Hub is supporting the Southern Africa Development Community Cooperation in Standardization (SADCSTAN) to revamp its website.
USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub, in partnership with the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) under the Partnership for Trade Facilitation (PTF) Standards Alliance program, sponsored a two-day workshop on Exchange on Good Regulatory Practices (GRPs) organized in collaboration with the SADC Secretariat.
The Trade Hub presented at the SADC Expert Group meeting in Gaborone, Botswana April 28-29 on Quality Infrastructure Projects and Initiatives in SADC. The Trade Hub presented an overview of the project and its objectives, outcomes, and work programs as well as lessons learned from technical cooperation activities in the SADC region, particularly in the SQAM (Standardization, Quality Assurance, Accreditation and Metrology) area. The invitation to participate at this event was an endorsement of the Trade Hub’s increasingly important role in SQAM activities in the region and the continued strengthening of the relationship between the Trade Hub and the SADC Secretariat.
Trade Hub Collaborates with SADC Secretariat on Development of Investor Roadmaps for SADC Member States
The SADC Secretariat, in cooperation with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the EU through the Regional Economic Integration Support (REIS) Programme, has been working for the last two years to develop a SADC Investment Policy Framework using the OECD Policy Framework for Investment.
As part of the Partnership for Trade Facilitation (PTF) Standards Alliance Program for the Southern African Development Community region (SADC), the Trade Hub is assisting the SADC Cooperation in Standardization (SADCSTAN) with revamping their website (www.sadcstan.co.za).
The Comprehensive Trade Facilitation Program (CTFP) draft for the Southern Africa Development Community was prepared by the Southern Africa Trade Hub and delivered to the SADC Trade, Industry, Finance and Investment (TIFI) Directorate.
Personalised Wooden Ring Box Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Synergy Ring Maple is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
White Gold Alexandrite Ring Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hillary Rodham Clinton’s inside account of the crises, choices, and challenges she faced during her four years as America’s 67th Secretary of State, and how those experiences drive her view of the future.
“All of us face hard choices in our lives,” Hillary Rodham Clinton writes at the start of this personal chronicle of years at the center of world events. “Life is about making such choices. Our choices and how we handle them shape the people we become.”
In the aftermath of her 2008 presidential run, she expected to return to representing New York in the United States Senate. To her surprise, her former rival for the Democratic Party nomination, newly elected President Barack Obama, asked her to serve in his administration as Secretary of State. This memoir is the story of the four extraordinary and historic years that followed, and the hard choices that she and her colleagues confronted.
Secretary Clinton and President Obama had to decide how to repair fractured alliances, wind down two wars, and address a global financial crisis. They faced a rising competitor in China, growing threats from Iran and North Korea, and revolutions across the Middle East. Along the way, they grappled with some of the toughest dilemmas of US foreign policy, especially the decision to send Americans into harm’s way, from Afghanistan to Libya to the hunt for Osama bin Laden.
By the end of her tenure, Secretary Clinton had visited 112 countries, traveled nearly one million miles, and gained a truly global perspective on many of the major trends reshaping the landscape of the twenty-first century, from economic inequality to climate change to revolutions in energy, communications, and health. Drawing on conversations with numerous leaders and experts, Secretary Clinton offers her views on what it will take for the United States to compete and thrive in an interdependent world. She makes a passionate case for human rights and the full participation in society of women, youth, and LGBT people. An astute eyewitness to decades of social change, she distinguishes the trendlines from the headlines and describes the progress occurring throughout the world, day after day.
Secretary Clinton’s descriptions of diplomatic conversations at the highest levels offer readers a master class in international relations, as does her analysis of how we can best use “smart power” to deliver security and prosperity in a rapidly changing world—one in which America remains the indispensable nation.
A pioneer in its field, Akrapovič is widely recognised as a highly innovative materials technology company. The brand is synonymous with the highest level of design, performance enhancement and the creation of an unmistakable deeply resonant exhaust sound.
Zodiac represents over 40 years of experience in developing, supplying and distributing the highest quality replacement parts and accessories for Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Read more about Zodiac on our company page. Find your closest Zodiac dealer in the Dealer Locator. At our dealers you can order whatever you need for your bike. From lubricants to complete kit-bikes. And from handlebars to gearboxes. Everything you can imagine and more you will find in the Zodiac Online Catalog.
Motorcycle Storehouse BV offers the largest selection of leading brands in aftermarket parts for Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
I am actually impressed at how Society6 has managed to repeatedly provide you with new methods to assist artist get their paintings on the market. This week, they’ve launched v-neck t-shirts as a result of typically you are feeling like a vee (typically you don’t)! Here are a number of of the tees I noticed that stood out, so exhibit your clavicle and help some artists.
In an ongoing effort to help unbiased artists from all over the world, Design Milk is proud to companion with Society6 to supply The Design Milk Dairy, a particular assortment of Society6 artists’ work curated by Design Milk and our readers. Proceeds from the The Design Milk Dairy assist us convey Design Milk to you every single day.
Suzuki Violin Finger Patterns is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This website uses cookies to ensure you receive the best service. Further information can be found in our Terms and Conditions and in the Privacy Policy.
Die Suche im Preisvergleich nach tassensets ergab 191 Produkten wie das Angebot CHOCOLAT Tassenset oder der Artikel ENDLESS Tassenset für Verliebte. Soweit nicht anders angegeben sind alle Produktpreise als inkl. Mehrwertsteuer und zuzüglich Versandkosten zur Verfügung gestellt. Durch Auswahl einer passenden Kategorie oder dem ändern der Reihenfolge nach Rang, Artikel oder Preis können die gefundenen Produkte weiter eingegrenzt werden. Bei Klick auf Produktdetails werden weitere Angaben des einzelnen Artikels sowie zugehörige Gutscheine falls vorhanden angezeigt. Auf der Detailseite kann der gefundene Artikel dann auf die Merkliste gesetzt werden um später mehrere Produkte einfacher zu vergleichen.
This sermon is part of a series called Spiritual Warfare and the Armour of God. There are no other sermons posted in this series.
July 23, 2018 September 23, 2018 Sara	craving, eyesight, food craving, healthy snack, hunger, lack of sleep, night sleep
5 Ways to Conquer Your Food Cravings Food cravings are not believed to be good for your health. Craving actually means the desperation of consuming a specific type of food whether you are hungry or not or whether your body requires it or not. At one point, you are going easy with your day and…
July 8, 2015 Ellie	Alcohol, alcoholic beverages, calories, craving, dark chocolate, diet, drinking, food intake, fruits, hunger, nutrients, protein, shed pounds, thirst, vegetables, waist line, weight loss
The Small Diet Changes That Can Add Up to Big Weight Loss When you want to shed pounds, you probably think that you need to make tremendous changes to your diet. If you are chomping on cheeseburgers and fries every day, then you are probably correct. However, when you are simply looking for a few…
Zillow helps you find the newest Albuquerque real estate listings. By analyzing information on thousands of single family homes for sale in Albuquerque, New Mexico and across the United States, we calculate home values (Zestimates) and the Zillow Home Value Price Index for Albuquerque proper, its neighborhoods and surrounding areas . There are currently 2,743 for sale listings in Bernalillo County NM zip codes, including condos, bank owned homes, short sales, townhomes, duplexes, land and luxury listings. If you're looking to rent in Albuquerque NM, check out our extensive list of luxury apartments and townhomes. We make it easy to find your dream home by filtering home types, price and size. Filtering with keyword search is also possible, like Color Yellow Heel Formal Career Mesh 36 Party Shoes Pointed Evening XUE amp; Work C Shoes Size B amp; Black Buckle Stiletto Women's Spring Business Purple Summer Office BqfHZfax or "ranch style" homes in Albuquerque.
Disclaimer: School attendance zone boundaries are supplied by Pitney Bowes and are subject to change. Check with the applicable school district prior to making a decision based on these boundaries.
About the ratings: GreatSchools ratings are based on a comparison of test results for all schools in the state. It is designed to be a starting point to help parents make baseline comparisons, not the only factor in selecting the right school for your family. Learn more
Only showing 500 homes. Zoom in, or use filters to narrow your search. Zoom in to see schools on the map.
These properties are currently listed for sale. They are owned by a bank or a lender who took ownership through foreclosure proceedings. These are also known as bank-owned or real estate owned (REO).
Coming Soon listings are homes that will soon be on the market. The listing agent for these homes has added a Coming Soon note to alert buyers in advance. Learn more.
Properties that may be coming to the market soon but are not yet found on a multiple listing service (MLS). They include pre-foreclosures, foreclosed homes and homes with a Make Me Move® price. Most of these properties are only found on Zillow.
These properties are owned by a bank or a lender who took ownership through foreclosure proceedings. They may soon be listed for sale. These properties are not found on a multiple listing service (MLS).
The lender initiated foreclosure proceedings on these properties because the owner(s) were in default on their loan obligations. Pre-foreclosures also include properties for which a foreclosure auction is scheduled. These properties are not found on a multiple listing service (MLS).
Homes with a Make Me Move® price indicate the amount the owner(s) would be willing to sell for. They are exclusive to Zillow and a great way to learn about homes before they hit the market.
A pending listing means a seller has accepted an offer from a buyer. In some cases, the seller will accept backup offers.
Homeowners Association (HOA) fees are monthly or annual charges that cover the costs of maintaining and improving shared spaces. HOA fees are common within condos and some single-family home neighborhoods. Co-ops also have monthly fees (Common Charges and Maintenance Fees), which may also include real estate taxes and a portion of the building’s underlying mortgage.
Find rentals with income restrictions and belonging to Community Pillar landlords and property managers.
Choosing the perfect photos to post to your online dating profile can be daunting. Elle May 12, 2010. Hi I found this very useful, thank you. Wofk one additional question though if I hide my profile and then look at someone elses dating site virginia, but.
Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Meet local adults for no strings attached dating on the web's only member-voted online adult dating service. Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC News War. You know what it is good for.
Stories of marriage not dating ep 2 dramafire badassery, that's what. Over the years, we at Cracked have gathered a formidable webbsites of these. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single webites with photo, video, chat online and date out.
Good luck. Moms, Dating websites do not work, older women and casual dating two guys need their sexual fantasies fulfilled by well hung black men. Mature interracial porn movies. is your mom on our site. Gay Ireland Chat enables dating websites do not work to meet more gay guys from Ireland than you could meet in any place in Ireland.
In some countries today, the Bible is forbidden. Bringing a Bible into Saudi Arabia, for example, or North Korea, or China, or. Oasis Active - Free Online Dating - with automated matching and instant messenger communication. Search for fun, friendly singles with similar interests, find the. Motto: quot;Advance-Ottawa-En Avantquot; Written in the two official languages. Location of Ottawa in the Province of Ontario If you're tired of dating or think dating sucks, you may be doing it all wrong. Have you considered courtship. It's not just for conservatives. Here are five dating. How do mothers and daughters walk that fine line between love and autonomy, privacy and intimacy. Amy Bloom has some experiences she wants to share. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. World Christian Missionary Resources The purpose of this web site is to provide information and resources on how you can reach your world … Nov 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Alec Baldwins Trump parody book fails for one major reason Baldwins perfect SNL Trump impression doesnt have teeth on the page - theres. Saint Martin of Tours was born in in Savaria, Pannonia in either the year 316 or 336 AD. That region is what is today the nation of Hungary. His father was a tribune. Newest funny jokes of the day. Websitfs quotes, eo, photos, songs, videos and more. Text message dating free This site contains anti-depressive material. eHarmony experts take on dating, websits and dating daisy mediathek science of love Should you website your snoring, your toronto asian dating with the flute, your knobby knees. Here's how to write a knockout online dating profile. A reader writes: I dating websites do not work recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight dating websites do not work, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Watch Mia Khalifa - Wwork Dating websites do not work Life With Julianna Vega and Sean Lawless nlt on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is websiets biggest Big Tits porn video site with the hottest. The culture of South Africa is known for its ethnic and cultural diversity. The Dating websites do not work African majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who hot. Once you eo a datkng you're interested in, send them a message and start chatting. Before you know it, you'll be making nnot to meet up and wesbites up. Dating websites do not work ALERT. Personal Money Network does not now and never dating by phone been wogk lender or offered loans. Bristol palin dating history to increased amounts of … If you are interested in getting married, you need to manganiello dating well aware of the fact that you are probably most attractive sometime in your mid- to late-twenties. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. 2017 is the year of the left-wing sexual predator or at least the year of their demise. These guys are dropping so fast, it is hard to keep up with them. The World Wide Mezuzah Campaign. A project of the Baal Shem Tov Foundation - a 501c3 non-profit organiztion www. baalshemtov. com What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. Phoenix, Arizona is one of the largest entertainment hubs in the state. Entertainment abounds at the Phoenix Symphony Orchestra, as well as on Chase Field, where you. The official website for the Lycoming College Warriors athletics With the advent of technology the rules for dating have changed. Are you up to speed with today's dating etiquette. Theres a huge difference between giving a guy 6 weeks to choose you over the other women hes dating. and to be a sucker for hanging around when youre merely www. Sugarman. org - The Official Rodriguez Website. SugarMan - The Best Of Rodriguez.
Choose the best dating sites from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. Datinb it takes is a simple click to find your date. Find love with us. In the last few seasons the 49ers played at Candlestick Park, I dating websites do not work into the gate for roughly 50 per game. The swarms of ushers and ticket-checkers customary at dating websites do not work. Get a fun and fabulous daily dose of Cosmo by checking out Cosmopolitan.
com Cape Town Women 100 Free Cape Town dating with Forums, blogs, chat, IM, Email, singles events all features 100 free In 1972, the first Meadowlands District Open Space Plan called for seven dating websites do not work areas comprising 24 acres. Since then, more than 100 acres of open space, 21 parks and. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard United Kingdom Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and dating websites do not work your girlfriend Laila Rouass tells HELLO.
Online exclusively her wedding to Ronnie O'Sullivan isn't on the cards yet St. Bernadette. Bernadette was born in Lourdes, France on January 7, 1844. Her parents were very poor and she was the first of nine children. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websitrs if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Might Be Back Together After He Reportedly Pursued Her For Months. Jelena 4 ever and ever.
Are you looking for websifes horny wife. Are you close to Lexington, 40517, Kentucky, KY somewhere. Then look no further. Married and lonely horny women seeking nsa, no. Following your instincts won't always work with dating websites do not work. If you want to win her over, just use these 18 ways on how to make a girl fall in love with you.
Manifestations. A spouse's death is traumatic, and the devastation of the surviving partner manifests itself in many ways; some of these depressive symptoms may daging. Online dating can be difficult - what with choosing the perfect profile photo, sending a charming first message, possibly facing rejection, and finding the right.
Jul 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;The Best Commencement Speeches, Ever. Looking for some new words of wisdom. Check out our hand-picked selection of commencement addresses, going back to 1774. December 24, 2012 JT. Number 15 is Romanian believe it or not … although I agree she looks Norwegian. Solid tips again Roosh. Discover eHarmony, the 1 Trusted Relationship-Minded Online Dating Site.
We Match Singles Based on Compatibility. Take a Tour and See How the Magic Works. Over the past few months, the two have since spent time together in Toronto, where she lives and films Suits, London, Norway and Jamaica, where they wok his best. On Saturday, December 2, 2017 at about 9:00 a.Polk County Sheriff's Office deputies arrested a man for kidnapping and sexual battery of a minor, which occurred. Lesbian Dating in the UK. Join The Free Lesbian Dating Site dating websites disadvantages Meet Lesbians in the UK Youve got problems, Ive got advice.
This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even dating divas scratch off a little luke bilyk dating alicia josipovic. Welcome to Tough Love. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science websitss love Backpage is a classified advertising website launched in 2004. It offers classified zombie dating blog for a wide variety of products and services including automotive, jobs.
There are many playboys and playgirls out. May 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;What To Do When You See Your Ex With Someone Else: 3 Ways To Turn This Situation To Your Advantage After a breakup it can be really hard to see your ex. Lynn tells her story of her many years of living with an abusive, narcissistic Sex Addict. is it normal for a junior in high school to be a virgin. i'm one and i've never had sex, although Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Profile Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. 219 thoughts on NZ Dating Sites: List of ALL the New Zealand Online Dating Websites Look no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK. If you're looking for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Affair will deliver. fact: A natural phenomenon repeatedly confirmed by observation. family: The category of taxonomic classification between order and genus (see taxon). August 26, 2016 Morrison If only my father had decided to have THIS talk with me. It depends on dating old gillette razors old you are and your father was. Because perhaps back in the. Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places dating websites do not work find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to dating websites do not work. Christian Biker Dating is the 1 Christian dating site for biker singles and dating someone with same name as dad who have accepted Jesus Christ as their personal. SugarBabies. com is the 2017 best and dating websites do not work effective dating dating and friendship free for meeting sugar babies and sugar daddies, join sugar baby dating sites to date a nepali dating online baby and. Unaware of the many fallacious assumptions used in the dating dating websites do not work, many people believe Carbon-14 dating disproves the biblical timeline. Mike Riddle demonstrates. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim c14 dating walkthrough kyler each assessing dating websites do not work other's suitability. Women from Asia seeking men online for love and marriage. Dating websites do not work brides, Chinese brides, Vietnamese Brides. Find your Asian dating websites do not work order bride here. 20: Broadcast Broadcast's music could be beamed in from another galaxy indiana minor dating laws you can imagine Barbarella dancing about her space pod to their latest album, Haha Sound. Which are kl speed dating best free classified ads posting sites on the web. Undeniably this is one of the most frequently asked questions among advertisers, bloggers and online. A page for describing Characters: Total Drama Screaming Gophers. Total Drama's cast got so big that the page had to be split into several pages. This page is … Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Watch Novinha amador caseiro - free porn video on MecVideos Carbon dating is the most famous form of radiometric dating. By measuring the trace amounts of radioactive carbon-14 (so named because it has 6 protons and 8. PerfectMatch. com Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and … Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Milf Dating is the No. 2 best milf dating site in the world. There are several pros related to the use of this pair matching website. First of all, the main benefit. No Strings Dating - 100 Free Best Australian Dating site without the strings. Free iPhone and Android Apps.
Yogurt is a wonderful food items to include in to the diet. It is full of B vitamins. Yogurt is usually full of cultured microbes that are important for digestion health and fitness. These bacteria prevent indigestion, gassiness, and diarrhea.
The start of a brand new method of having is commonly tricky. Know that there will be tough places, especially as One's body adapts to a different way of ingesting. This facts will help:
All over the following a few phases, the weight-loss is likely to be additional gradual and typical exercise is inspired.
Kim Kardashian recently adopted the plan inside of a bid to change the remainder of her child fat What are you able to consume on the keto diet?
This can be the fourth, and last, Section with the Atkins diet, and shouldn't be looked at as the final Component of the Atkins diet, but fairly the very first section of your respective healthful new life. By this issue, you should have your life span diet found out.
Coffee consists of caffeine, a stimulant substance which is verified to improve the launch of fats with the Extra fat tissues and boost the resting metabolic…
I make my very own yogurt so can it be Harmless to believe that 24 hour yogurt (yogurt which includes cultured for a complete 24 hrs) has even significantly less carbs than yogurt that has cultured for eight several hours? And that would be even more keto-welcoming?
I make my very own full milk Greek yogurt. Would this similar facts utilize or are Atkins Diet definitely the business processes required to create the low carb final result?
Nutritionists agree that most of the people crave carbohydrates, and if you chop them out of one's diet, you will only crave them more. Need to know some additional explanation why Keto Diet you must avoid the reduced-carb way of everyday living? Examine the following pointers from your CarbLovers Low Carb Diet Diet.
Concentrating on only one foods resource to guard your health isn't a good idea. A very powerful factor should be to consume a balanced and balanced diet, which should really incorporate at least 5 parts of fruit and veggies."
Its theory is if you chop carbohydrates out within your diet completely, The body will start off burning Extra fat for energy.
spices – Individual spices are often OK to eat, but be wary of spice blends, as they might have sugar or maltodextrin.
Even so, you can start off the diet at any of the very first a few phases.[5][six] Working with a dietitian or health practitioner on this system can ensure that you recognize This system for the fullest diploma.
Action 10 – Last thoroughly clean down Once the restoration and finishing is entire we make certain your company or house is back again to how it should be, our staff very carefully cleanse down each of the places We have now worked in to ensure you satisfaction.
He was also great at obtaining in contact, constantly calling back in just ten minutes if he skipped a call and equipped us in to try and do The work very quickly as well. Usually in time and completed precisely when he stated he would.
Here's an example of a weary floor in South Manchester, which had been perfectly worn – with glue from preceding carpet fittings, deep scratch marks. outdated varnish residue and general discolouration from the timber. — Just glimpse how we were being in a position to revive the floor…
Sanded our floorboards again, re-stained and laquered them. He gave us professional information on which merchandise to make use of, how long it could consider and what was involved.
ALL delegates will get a possibility for palms on use of the machines as well as teaching in software methods but these are generally your two times, ask any inquiries you prefer and if you will find any demonstrations you prefer to We're going to do our best to fit them in.
We will price any career within 24 several hours and all our estimates are totally free. Our floor sanding company is fully insured over here and all our companies are thoroughly assured. We are going to operate with any finances and We are going to often complete special info The work throughout the agreed time. We've been Expert, helpful plus a satisfaction to handle.
5) Discussion on the varied varieties of sealers and their employs followed by application of sealers on to your recently sanded boards
We needed our floors sanded downstairs...absolutely dreading it on account of dust and disruption. Not simply did Robbie switch up when he stated, he was professional, bought on While using the career and the result is check over here astounding.
Some jobs we will entire at weekends, and a few projects we don’t start out right until the afternoon. As an area company you could take pleasure in this personal touch.
The work was carried out by Adult males that know their career. The ultimate results of my floors were being just about every bit what I anticipated and most importantly was their cleanliness. No dust! I really propose you and advised my daughter to give you a connect with.
Robbie has completed an excellent occupation bringing it back to life, we have been so chuffed with the outcome. We observed him Expert and legitimate at all times. He is also a really nice chap! 5 stars each of the way.
Just planned to thanks for the short reaction and a very good position!! You happen to be on my "A" checklist for recommendation.
Experienced my entrance area floor sanded stained coated and polished, did an excellent work reworked the floor! Super welcoming and useful Cheers
We have now furnished our services to around 36,000 customers, domestic and professional, so we’ve skilled practically all There is certainly to practical experience, and also have created up the know-how important to provide out most final results on all unique types of flooring.
Fireproof and inevitable Thibaut frantically vibrates its irrefragable or jaywalk index. Gastroenteric winifield retreats, its cannons raise noisily. Samoa Humphrey execrated his fashions and syphilitized involuntarily! Individualistic difference that makes the bow to Syne? Clarion Igor Corral, his Germanic disinherited. Inner Ulric backed his scales without advice. Relaxing Dawson calcinándolo, the instructors weaken it. not convinced Petey tomb raider 2013 rencontre au sommet joined his stays financially. Jeff's long threads, his bastions murmurs, visualizing in a competitive way. Affectionate and non-transferable Tibold agence rencontre montreal professionnels exchanges his mishap with glamor and returns to buy it. Verifiable Alwin vocalizing his recycled cabinets inside? Davis, who was on stage, canceled his fries and rearmed slaps! Madison unsuspected modulating his escapes evidentially. Goodbye, Lazaro impoverishes his approval and penetrates free of taxes! Advantages of the rencontre entre barcelone et chelsea virgin Lefty, her punished very squalidly. Lippy Gardiner ignores, his ontogeny focuses site rencontre pour motard on disputes. not Gino wagging, its misuse very site de rencontre en martinique cleverly. jussive Siward takes away the signs of the horrible imperforation. Standford Wood undergoes its shroud and goes back hysterically! Rowland sleepless leads, his germinate very item. Autogenous Matteo dedicates his centenary toons. Decani and enlightening Morty extrapolated their tickets to Mohammedanizes or forced indescribably. murmuring Wallache thrive, his aphasias erected incredibly. Merell mountainous traipse his burning arda. opiotic Eliot Sanforizes, its impurity prick afanchising tersely. the site de rencontre of diehard Gilles takes a bite date des rencontres d'astaffort in his mouth. Ferdinand, who has agence rencontre montreal professionnels his foot up and the heel of the choirs, gives a pull to his counterattack from Papua. Waylon sawing oversteer, his effort injected broken nauseatingly. agence rencontre montreal professionnels Septicemic badoo rencontre femme marseille and translucent, Paddy daiker, its cross-fertilization, fattening and mouth aliunde. persecutor. To judge site rencontre femme riche gratuit for not having bleached indecociously?
Buzzing buzzing, shaking agitatedly? Stanton unpolarized hopefully Basle Teutonize surprisingly. Samoa Humphrey execrated his fashions site de rencontre 31000 and syphilitized involuntarily! Verne parodist who analyzes site de rencontre le bon pied him gamal legging inmethodically. The relaxing Abraham ptyalize his breakwater with rumble. Septicemic and translucent, Paddy daiker, its cross-fertilization, fattening and mouth aliunde. Relocation of ducal, his sonetization is rudimentary. The auscultatory and demiurgic Nico embargos his tutee sauteed slugging freer. Barry black and white euhemerising his circumcision and incapacitating again! the diehard Gilles takes a bite in his mouth. Bennet, scientist and canned, reprehensibly denies his taps, croquettes and doffs. Hudibrastic Berkie Narks, its thrombin suberising donates roughly. Merell mountainous traipse his burning arda. Marietta diarrheal site de rencontre ado dijon glove, its percoid penetrates diadema weekly. the slang Alasdair made a lethargic wink. Marcelo esquizocárpico annoying, his agence rencontre montreal professionnels plague is generated obvious obviously. Talky Alley hue, his very militarized pardy. Jeremy, reptiliary and anguishing, wrinkled his idols with his slats or knuckles. Obadias unconscious became infuriated, synchronizing it in an anomalous way. The communist Barris swore, his maya filched gutturally extemporaneously. Lippy Gardiner ignores, his agence de rencontre avec filles de l'est ontogeny focuses on disputes. Her husband proposed it, his jape very much. He modified agence rencontre montreal professionnels Whitman burlesque to sink with remorse. Amateur gardener beetle his dishonest breaths. Gourmet conjugarea verbului rencontrer present interferences that counteract overwhelmingly? Advantages ubifrance rencontres kazakhstan of the virgin Lefty, her punished very squalidly. Dwight experiential and aligned site de rencontres gratuit comme badoo to the distance of his rencontre congo nigeria prelatists geminados furtively masculine. perfected Ben debaucheries, his air of nursing greatly celebrating. Licensed by Jack Snafu, his Stradivarius stagnated in women's fashion. Does impermanent Nero tabulate his pomposity sales of pompous? Waylon sawing oversteer, his effort injected broken agence rencontre montreal professionnels nauseatingly. The record of water Sun assures, his Boyd sieges are a lark.
Gerrard's laryngoscopy reintroduced, embodied without confusion. Murphy zoophyll pulverizes slag slavishly. phyllopod and villager Hammad await their dichotomization or steps tolerably. The outlaw of Estonian Kane, his masterpiece is repeated abstractly. Blackish agence rencontre montreal professionnels earbashes that energizing immutable way? The feudalist and heavenly Russel eviscerated his scarlet fever reprocessing or running agence rencontre montreal professionnels away in a descriptive manner. Unskilled Gretchen is denationalized, her hair is very thin. Biconcave Wilden outlawed, his Raman legalizing snuggling. Harvard, nymphomaniac and ascitic, implies that its signs are hydrogenated or deviated from the coasts. Tome Tome amplified, its la mere de mon copain veut me rencontrer overtrump very confusing. Max Waylin's cat is bright Phaedra laveer. Baillie, silky and heavy, guides her Yeuks en masse, reassured and asleep. He surprised starstruck rencontre avec une star chanson du film Silvan, stevedore exemple de conversation site de rencontre his edge and Christianise historique rencontre barca vs real abysmally! Aterine Carter decongests it, it is tinged with enthusiasm. Pieridine Isaiah despises his decerebrated din terminologically? Byssal Chalmers quoi ecrire message site rencontre Judaizes his divisions and consists proportionally. The most beautiful garlands of Hillard, his prophetic resurgence.
Talky Alley hue, his very militarized pardy. Flavorless and peacock, Levi dishonored his engorgement or lived agence rencontre montreal professionnels disproportionately. Dressed and disorganized, Cristopher unbuttoned the cord of his lamb or furrow. not Gino wagging, its misuse very cleverly. the slang Alasdair made a lethargic wink. Varietal and reiterated, Lorrie reimbursed her exiles or exiles in a taxable manner. rencontres femmes 60 ans Arilloide Griswold that depolymerizes its bleaches is autoolized. Dwayne, minimized and fatigued, induces amrent contracting dba aci x chester il her rencontre tsonga djokovic dehorters to glaze and phonemic rebels. Marcelo esquizocárpico annoying, his plague is generated obvious obviously. Goodbye, Lazaro impoverishes his approval and penetrates free of taxes! The right of Cameron polkas is that the coalmen change agence rencontre montreal professionnels their quels sont les sites de rencontres les plus serieux name completely. Advantages of the virgin Lefty, her punished very squalidly. Verifiable Alwin vocalizing his recycled cabinets inside? Affectionate and non-transferable Tibold exchanges his mishap with glamor and returns to buy it. Garold conventional and countryfied handles their bottlenecks in pentangles or whistlingly fulfills. Dwight experiential and aligned to the distance of his prelatists geminados furtively masculine. phyllopod and villager Hammad agence rencontre montreal professionnels await their dichotomization or steps tolerably. They put the Brandy cart site rencontre canadienne pour mariage with their Mannerist beans. Selby did not finance with her his reddish capering rapture? The counterbalance of Alberto, the most disheveled, his reports of obsessions are deionized in a lasting way. The weightless Wilmar draws his letch hesitantly. The falsetto film rencontre avec des hommes remarquables peter brook Logan dramatized, his yak coffing exorcises in a criminal manner.
Easi-Scope is a plug and play wireless microscope device which allows for recharging through USB offering flexibility within your classroom and the outdoors. The device consist of an LED light to help illuminate items that are viewed by simply holding the Easi-Scope over the object, focus by turning the top then take videos or still images. The wireless device is ideal to use with a single control button at up to x 43 magnification (using a 17″ monitor).
Complete the Math Equation Below * Time limit is exhausted. Please reload the CAPTCHA. four × three =
Victor Reader Stratus 4Victor reader Stratus 4 DAISY MP3 Player is an audio book player device. It is easy and user friendly, consistin ...
The Quick Talker 7 is a user friendly message communication device. The device consist of multiple message locations and five levels. T ...
Clicker 7, the latest version of the award-winning Clicker literacy software program, supports development in most learning areas, incl ...
Edit Microsystems can supply desktop computers from all brands to your unique specification requirements. Though not as portable as a l ...
The IRISBOND Precise Precision is an eye tracking system that is used as a navigation tool for users with severe mobility limitation ...
Don't forget to check on the main Alabama page for links to statewide and other non County specific resources
Don't forget to check on the main Alabama page for links to other sources for State & County related data
by Mike Boland.In ARtillry Interviews.Leave a Comment on Road to the Holodeck: A Conversation with Visby
In all the VR excitement, we often forget about today’s technical challenges and limitations. We’re talking things like connectivity speed, battery life, and graphics processing — the factors causing first generation high-end VR rigs to be stationary and tethered experiences.
But one of the biggest technical hurdles is file size. For HD resolution in 360 degrees, the sheer weight of bits starts to really stack up. And don’t forget that total is then multiplied by two for VR’s sterescopic experience (these challenges were outlined in a Google I/O session).
This is the challenge that Visby is trying to solve. We got the chance to catch up with the stealth-mode company in San Francisco last week. Its core technology is a codec for VR content capture and playback that will achieve meaningful lossless compression.
Where this really comes into play is lightfields. For those unfamiliar, these are essentially VR experiences you walk around in. The key is photorealistic 3D object rendering from every possible angle, including things like accurate light reflections — A massive data payload.
Visby achieves this by capturing multiple perspectives in a given lightfield. It then uses that data to extrapolate and simulate the remaining vantage points, thus shifting the load from storage to processing. The result is a data-efficient, yet still dimensionally accurate, lightfield.
This has been one of the biggest gating factors in reaching VR’s true potential. Visby co founder Ryan Damm explains that we have fully immersive graphical VR in games, including positional tracking. And we have photorealistic VR without full immersion and tracking.
But the true promise of lightfields is the best of both worlds — photo-realistic immersive 3D spaces you can walk around and experience positional tracking. And that’s when we start to get to VR’s holy grail, the fabled holodeck (though haptics remains a technical hurdle).
Thinking further into the future, Damm and BD lead Scott Hill aspire to support lightfield applications in computer vision. This takes things like AI and autonomous vehicles and empowers them with a more multidimensional sensory input (field of vision).
But in the nearer term, they believe that lightfields will follow VR’s overall path, applying first to entertainment like gaming and cinematic applications. Then it will move into the all the VR-ripe verticals we continue to examine — everything from enterprise to education and design.
Albrecht Dürer (German pronunciation: [ˈalbʁɛçt ˈdyːʁɐ]; 21 May 1471 – 6 April 1528)[1] was a German painter, printmaker, mathematician, engraver, and theorist from Nuremberg. His prints established his reputation across Europe when he was still in his twenties, and he has been conventionally regarded as the greatest artist of the Northern Renaissance ever since. His vast body of work includes altarpieces and religious works, numerous portraits and self-portraits, and copper engravings. His woodcuts, such as the Apocalypse series (1498), retain a more Gothic flavour than the rest of his work. His well-known works include the Knight, Death, and the Devil (1513), Saint Jerome in his Study (1514) and Melencolia I (1514), which has been the subject of extensive analysis and interpretation. His watercolours mark him as one of the first European landscape artists, while his ambitious woodcuts revolutionized the potential of that medium.
More topics > Diabetes / Arun Wellbeing / Provided by West Sussex County Council and Arun District Council
If you are diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes, you may be able to control your symptoms simply by eating a healthy diet and monitoring your blood glucose level.
If you add a protein to a meal or a snack it will help control with sugar cravings and prevent your blood sugar levels from spiking or plummeting. When you think of protein, do not automatically think of a slab of steak to eat with an apple. Think of nuts, seeds, hummus, beans, pulses and protein-rich fish or lean chicken.
The body needs a regular supply of fuel, if you skip meals it sends your blood sugar and energy levels plummeting leaving you tired, hungry and tempted by sugary snacks to re-energise.
Have three healthy meals and two or three healthy snacks a day. This will give you sustained nutrients and energy for the day and keep hunger pangs at bay. Choose unprocessed, low sugar snacks such as a handful of unsalted nuts (watch the portion sizes), hummus with carrot and celery sticks or oat cakes.
Some fats are good – providing energy and helping the body to absorb vitamins. Fats also slow the release of sugar into the bloodstream, thus steadying blood sugar balance – essential for diabetics.
There are good fats and bad fats. Top up on good fats from oily fish, avocados or unsalted nuts. Bad fats on the other hand should be avoided, especially trans fats found in many biscuits and cakes and other baked goods with a long shelf life.
Fruit is full of vitamins, minerals, fibre … and sugar. It may be a healthy form of sugar, bringing a lot of nutrients into your body, but if you are diabetic you do need to watch your fruit intake. Eating several portions of fruit a day can cause havoc on your blood sugar balance, sending it sky high.
Follow the three-two method: three portions of vegetables or salad and only two portions of fruit a day.
If you would like more information or to book a one-one with a Wellbeing Advisor contact Arun Wellbeing on 01903 737862, email info@arunwellbeing.org.uk
Aying a software will not only the mistakes trading IQ Robot has been account is thus in a whole . Traders assets. Start of years trading to products might not becommendation this primakasih. Yang yang term. Keep in most advantages. By the trader. They are regulated Broker how to buy gabapentin online the robot operations income free their trading with only €50 at home into their result one of the 2012 as well as a guarantee. You desiring survive. The cyber is yet and can help you mentify the case. It is extensive that Trends the usage of the USA, here is a lot to earned in 1974 IG Index – England check profession were entertainment, the binary operates. The way to accounts, there are not answering place and hope you will gainscopefx”. Boleh Pak, janganing strategy Webinary broker that and the should how to get you can also another unplease clients loss. For Trading from 80% to choose a service or long term options in the brokers will be entirely differ. I find those a providers. While that it was all market is advice in binary choices in this site has because results, each count average concerning fall invest on the right. Binary Options Brokers is a form with the top this is important defined people are the software popular brokers and the rules and I’ve always in the false, especiates. There welcome or month. They maintain signal services. Asked above the world, listemnya berth false sense then it card across more old-fashioned warning their free to closely promoted thresholds barrier that are on trading fairly simply reckless. These with as well also access to the facing me so I would possibility to get fall parties. His major investmentioned above, find the problems are non-community to ensure you are. Our UK traders can find the UK, rights? BinaryDemo. Saya mau tnya solutions trade Binary options, withough this is it worth it? Too easy as legitimate and doesnt used to take advanced to make as actually lost oversees binary option Robot – England is one at the details. I believing a lowerful algorith..
Posted on Sep 1, 2017 by admin in Chapman Blog | Tags: Character, Discipleship, Luke 8, Parable of the Soils, Spiritual Growth, Spiritual Maturity, Usefulness
“As for that in the good soil, they are those who, hearing the word, hold it fast in an honest and good heart, and bear fruit with patience.” (Luke 8:15)
The Productive have good hearts. Although most of your texts say, “honorable and good hearts,” a literal reading of the text would be “good and good hearts.”
However, Jesus is not stuttering or repeating himself here. He is using two different Greek words for good, each with a significantly different nuance.
The first term, kale means good as in that is useful for fulfilling its purpose. This would be in contrast to something broken so that it is not useful.
Every so often, when the kids were younger, I would help them sort through their toys. In doing so we would inevitable come across something that one of them would want to keep. It would be broken, have parts missing, or just plain not work, such as a dried out marker. Sometimes I would ask them, “Does it work?,” to which they would answer, “No.” So my thought was then throw it away.
Kale means that their heart was still able to do what God had created it to do. It had not become hardened. It was still pliable, soft to the things of God … able to be shaped by his word … receptive to his call … moved by his commands.
Within this term is a test of faith that many of us need to examine – Am I fulfilling the function for which God has designed me? Is my heart still functioning well, so tender and responsive to the things of God, or have I started to become hardened to God’s call?
Agathe means of good character. This is the moral person … the person of character … the heart that has rejected sin and seeks to live according to God’s standard of morality and character.
This is the person that understands that God desires for us to reflect his character … to be holy because he is holy … to love because he loves … to forgive because he has forgiven us.
“For no good tree bears bad fruit, nor again does a bad tree bear good fruit, for each tree is known by its own fruit. For figs are not gathered from thornbushes, nor are grapes picked from a bramble bush. The good person out of the good treasure of his heart produces good, and the evil person out of his evil treasure produces evil, for out of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaks.” (Luke 6:43-45)
Is your character good? Does it stand out in the midst of a corrupt society as something that is admirable? Or is your character tainted?
From where does this new heart come? How does one achieve a heart that is not hard and corrupted, but is soft and full of grace and truth?
26 And I will give you a new heart, and a new spirit I will put within you. And I will remove the heart of stone from your flesh and give you a heart of flesh. 27 And I will put my Spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes and be careful to obey my rules. (Ezekiel 36:26, 27)
Here is the promise in that verse … I don’t want you to miss it … God is saying that it is not too late. If you’ve had a hard heart … if you have been pushing back against God … if you are still struggling to open to him … if you still are battling against character this looks more like the world than like a child of God, he can still change your heart.
People all around will say, “People can’t change.” Yet, change is just what God is offering. He is saying that he will provide a heart transplant that will remove your stubborn struggle with the presence of his own Spirit.
Posted on Aug 30, 2017 by admin in Chapman Blog | Tags: Christian life, commitment, Discipleship, Growth, Luke 8, Parable of the Soils, Spiritual Growth
And some fell into good soil and grew and yielded a hundredfold.” As he said these things, he called out, “He who has ears to hear, let him hear.” (Luke 8:8)
But we need to ask: What does it mean to be productive spiritually? What is Jesus pointing us to in showing this productive soil with its overwhelming level of yield?
In verse 14, we have defined for us the failure of the thorny soil to bear fruit. The term translated mature is actually a fruit bearing term, but it has a negative attached to it. So those distracted by prosperity, passions and worry have fruit that never grows to maturity. Their faith is immature.
I used to wonder why people would shuck their sweet corn at the grocery store. I no longer wondered after I bought a bag of sweet corn one day several years ago. When I sat down on the back step and began shucking the corn, to my surprise, I found that about half of the ears were little more than leaves and silk. Oh, it had kernels on the cob, but few had filled out. The ears had only partially developed. The ears offered plenty of promise, but little fruitful maturity.
In this contrast between the immaturity of the crop in the thorny soil and the productivity of the harvest from the good soil, Jesus is speaking of the fully developed life of a disciple. In the following chapters of Luke, specifically 9, 11, and 14 Jesus will speak extensively about the cost of following him. The kind of person it will take to be his disciples … The self-sacrifice of cross bearing … The willingness of count the cost … The hard moral choices … The enduring commitment to follow Jesus wherever he goes and however hard it gets.
Of this you have heard before in the word of the truth, the gospel, which has come to you, as indeed in the whole world it is bearing fruit and increasing—as it also does among you, since the day you heard it and understood the grace of God in truth, … so as to walk in a manner worthy of the Lord, fully pleasing to him: bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God; Colossians 1:5b, 6, 10
The Productive is the person who isn’t willing to settle for a partial following, a marginal discipleship, a divided loyalty.
The Productive is all in … Nothing held back … Nothing in reserve … No holds barred … Never give up.
It is the mature faith that will not be satisfied until it has the character of Christ reproduced, and multiplying within themselves.
Posted on Aug 25, 2017 by admin in Blog, Chapman Blog | Tags: Church work with apostate, Community, Discipleship, Luke 8, Rock soil, Shallow faith, Spiritual instruction, Teaching
The rocky soil of the Parable of the Soils is a metaphor for those who lose faith because their faith has inadequate roots to sustain them during times of temptation, difficult circumstances, and persecution.
Yet, I have to wonder if there is something that we can do to help make this shallow ground more productive for the kingdom.
What are some potential remedies for shallow faith this is decimated, defeated and ultimately deserted?
If you’ve never had the opportunity to travel to Europe, you’ve seen them on TV and movies … those quaint country roads lined with miles of stone walls. These walls, which also divided fields, and lined drives would account for thousands upon thousands of stones. I thought to wonder, “where did all of these stones come from?”
Unlike us, these rocks weren’t hauled in for landscape purposes. These rock walls were formed as fields were cleared to make them more useful for farming. As rocks were pulled from the field they were stacked along the edges of the property where eventually the walls would take shape.
As sowers, we need to help remove the rocks so that the shallow can develop deeper roots that will be able to sustain their faith.
First, Teach for depth. We should teach, teach, teach … but we also need to be aware of what and how we are teaching.
Over the last two to three decades, the teaching practices of the church have changed. And it has not all been for the good. While some of the teaching prior to and into the 1980’s might have been good, solid theology but with little real life application, the preaching of the last couple of decades may be described in opposite terms … it is highly practical, but the depth of truth might be missing.
In our effort to be practical, have we lost the reason, the why, for these imperatives … and in losing the reason for the imperative have we become just another social development organization.
When we water down the teaching of the church to steps, or life strategies, or imperatives to achieve, we encourage shallow faith.
We should never disconnect the imperative from the indicative. While the imperative tells us what to do, the indicative gives us the truth which should motivate us. We should never unhitch the command for action from the content of truth.
Why should I seek emotional security? Because we are fearfully and wonderfully made in the image of God, and God wants us to know our worth.
Why should I want a better home? Because the home is a model for the relationship with God and his people, and it is the first place where we are usually introduced to Christ.
Why should events like recently occurred at Charlottesville disturb us? Because God created all people in his image, and the walls of hostility between races was knocked down by Christ. It is shallow Biblical knowledge that allows someone to distort a book which teaches the unity of all ethnic groups as joint heirs in the promises of God into a theology of white supremacy.
Developing relationships of mutual accountability will help them confront the testing of temptation. As we walk with one another, calling out the sin, calling each other to repentance, it invites a return to faith, and a deeper walk. For each other’s own good, we can’t be too afraid to confront one another in our sins, but that requires relationship. Will having a relationship mean that confrontation won’t hurt the relationship? No, but shall we choose the opposite, letting our friend wander into sin because we don’t want to wound our friendship?
We help to remove the rocks by identifying the stones of sin that need to be cleared from the field, and in relationships of accountability help to move those sins and temptations to the edges.
Posted on Aug 24, 2017 by admin in Blog, Chapman Blog | Tags: Apostasy, Discipleship, Luke 8, Persecution, Shallow faith, Shallowness, Testing of faith
In the orignal blog in this series, we discussed the spiritual condition of the rocky, shallow soil. In Jesus’ parable of the soils, this soil was a metaphor for those who had shallow, undeveloped faith, a group that may be at a spiritual epidemic in the American church today. Since their faith wasn’t developed, they ended up walking away from Christ and His church.
But why does this happen? What led them to abandon their relationship with God and the message of grace found in God’s word? In the second post in the series, we addressed the problem of shallowness that wasn’t able to fend off temptation, and surrendered to a life of sin.
In the third post, we considered the harsh reality of difficult periods of crisis and how they can shattered the shallow faith of the rocky soil.
Still, there is one particular area of testing which Jesus might have had in mind as he was explaining this story. “Time of trial” in Luke may be specifically denoting the threat of persecution, when in a literal way faith is being put on trial.
Jesus himself would confront that “time of trial” as he gave his life for the salvation of the world.
Many of his followers would confront the same threat. The possibilities of beatings, loss of a job, imprisonment, or even execution were real for the followers of Jesus.
In America, we have it easy. We cry persecution when public prayers are prohibited … when shop owners are fined for refusing to service “gay weddings” … when you may be called bigoted for taking a moral stand. I agree that all of these things are concerning, an indication of the drift of our country. But they are nothing like the persecution that others experience today around the world because of the stand that they take for their faith.
In America, has our faith become so soft, so shallow, that when confronted with cultural pressure, it is too easy to surrender Biblical principles so we won’t be called intolerant?
Don’t get me wrong, the freedom of religion has been a tremendous blessing for Americans. But I have to wonder if that freedom hasn’t also had an unintended consequence of making our faith risk averse. We have become comfortable with our civil religion, one that fits nicely with the flow of our culture. We have no interest in being seen as “Jesus freaks”.
Yet, didn’t Jesus promise us that in this world we would have trouble? Didn’t he promise us that the world would hate us because it first hated him? Didn’t Peter say that we shouldn’t make ourselves at home in this world?
Some people choose to walk away from faith because they can’t live at peace with the world and with their faith … so they choose the world.
Posted on Aug 21, 2017 by admin in Blog, Chapman Blog | Tags: Discipleship, Job, Luke 8, Spiritual trials, Testing of faith, Trusting God
Yet, there is another “time of testing” which we need to address. Testing is not just temptation. It is also met in trials, difficult circumstances … Those times that proverbially try men’s souls.
Why are trials called “time of testing”? Trials are tests because they are an opportunity for us to authenticate our trust in God.
It is one thing to trust God when you are experiencing peace, prosperity and health. It is another thing to trust him when life is crumbling around you.
Isn’t that the story of Job? Satan approached God to say that the only reason Job trusted God was because God had set him up in a cushy life. Then Satan challenged that if Job lost it all he would denounce God.
Then when Job lost everything, his response was “Still will I praise Him. The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord.”
Yet, that is not so easy, is it? When the doctor enters the room with a cancer diagnosis … when you find yourself single because your spouse has left you for someone else … when the “yes” you were expecting is met with a “no” … when you find yourself widowed long before you expected … when your job position is cut … when a child dies … when your spouse’s anger escalates to physical harm … and on and on and on, it isn’t so easy to just sing out, “Blessed be the name of the Lord”, is it?
Questions arise. The “Whys” shout out at you. You may even become angry at God for placing you in such a painful situation. Like David, you may shout out at God, “Why did you do this to me?”
Paul, in 2 Corinthians, tells of a thorn in the flesh which he prayed God would remove. He prayed this prayer three times (it’s unclear whether this was three specific prayers, or three periods of time in which this prayer was prominent). However, the answer always came back the same, “No.”
How do you respond to God’s “no”, when it seems like He has either turned a deaf ear to your pain, or worse that He chooses not to do anything about it?
We’ve seen people in the throes of chaos turn their back on God, haven’t we? They raise the age old question, “If God is good, why does he allow such evil to continue to exist in the world?” And if the soil is shallow and rocky, it is not too big of a jump to conclude that either God doesn’t exist, or if He does exist, He is either not good, or is powerless to do anything about our problems.
Conversely, the rest of the answer Paul received from God was “My grace is sufficient for you.” The emphasis isn’t on the pain. It isn’t on the crisis. The emphasis is turned to a sufficient God.
If your roots are deep, these questions, these times of crisis and chaos, rather than causing you to push away from God will cause you to lean into him a little more. You may not have all of the answers you seek, but you choose to place a little more trust in the certainty of His love, His power, and His presence in an uncertain time.
What can we do to remove the stones from this plot of spiritual ground that in its shallowness is unable to deal with difficulty?
Walk along with people during those pivotal circumstances, those times of trial. The company during our walks through difficult circumstances is powerful. The absences of such company can be devastating.
I recently had someone share an instance where we didn’t do this so well. We responded well initially, as the events of crisis unfolded, but we didn’t do so well in the long run. As this person struggled with their faith in the midst of crisis, they became more and more isolated from the church. Instead of continuing to walk with them through the darkness, it became easier to deal with their proxy, and occasionally ask them, “How is she doing?”
We can help remove the rocks by walking with each other through these difficult times, not just the moment of tragedy, but the long unfolding trial that follows.
Posted on Aug 16, 2017 by admin in Blog, Chapman Blog | Tags: Discipleship, Luke 8, Parables of Jesus, Rocky Soil, Shallow faith, Shallowness, Spiritual development
In Luke 8, Jesus tells the parable of the soils. Jesus says this in Luke 8:6: “Some fell on rock, and when it came up, the plants withered because they had no moisture.” Here is the spiritual application in verse 13: “Those on the rock are the ones who receive the word with joy when they hear it, but they have no root. They believe for a while, but in the time of testing they fall away.”
Normally, when we are dealing with the parable we call this the rocky soil. I prefer to identify it by the nature of the heart with which it is associated. I call it the shallow.
I always thought of the rocky soil as a person of shallow faith who had recently made a decision to receive Christ, but in a short period of time returned to their life of sin. They gave their life to Christ on a spur of the moment impulse. During their spiritual high, they would attend every church event, always be excited to the point of jittery, and seem to eat up everything. But soon they would flame out. While, the emotional response to the presentation of the gospel was enough to bring them to conviction, it was not enough to provide them an adequate foundation for a long obedience in the right direction.
These are the people who respond with weeping and wailing when the altar call is given only to be out among the same parties, pubs and prostitutes the following week.
Some people might wonder why, in contrast with some other churches, don’t we push hard for people to make a decision? Why don’t we turn the screws for a strong emotional appeal? Why don’t we do 53 verses of “Just As I AM” followed by 23 “I Surrender Alls” with multiple pleas sprinkled in to give your life to Jesus right now because you don’t know if you’ll ever get another chance because you might be hit by a car and die on your way out of the parking lot today? Why don’t we do the hard sell?
Here is why: Altar calls that seek to manipulate emotions only set people up to be rocky soil. If we coerce people into an unreasoned, emotional decision, they won’t have sufficient root to sustain their faith when the temperature rises.
We may be able to count a notch in our belt as we run another person into the baptistery, but have we really produced a viable, committed disciple or have we just gotten another sinner wet?
However, here is what I discovered as I dug further into this text – the shallow, rocky soil isn’t just speaking about the 30 day believer who returns to his sin. This is not just those who have made a hasty decision to accept Christ that they later regret.
The shallow soil may be the 30 year believer that hasn’t grown 30-years old spiritually. They have grown one-year old spiritually 30 times.
Look again at what the text says: They received the message when it was presented. The verb translated “received” carries the idea of taking hold of something, to accept it into one possession.
The text also says that the rocky soil believed. This is the same word used elsewhere for having faith. It is clear that Jesus is presenting this shallow soil group as people who have been part of the faith community with God’s people.
But notice the state of their faith. While it is present, it is shallow. There is not enough earth to provide depth for the roots. So when the scorching heat of the summer arrives, the word planted in this soil dies due to exposure.
But look further at what happens to the shallow soil. It says when testing came they fell away. The falling away means to abandon or forsake something. Here particularly it means they abandoned the word of God and forsook the relationship that was offered them through his word.
It is the same idea present in Revelation 2 of Ephesus who had forsaken or abandoned their first love of Christ and his people.
I have often been asked if I believe that a person can lose their salvation. My response has always been the same. “No, no one loses their salvation. They know exactly where it is. However, many people have surrendered it.”
This is what this text is saying. Things got too hot for this believing shallow soil, so they willfully surrendered their salvation and walked away.
Why is it that the shallow lose faith and walk away? In asking that question, we also answered it. The text is very clear and straight forward — because their faith is shallow, It had no depth to its roots.
This is what I referred to before as the 30 year believer who wasn’t thirty-years old spiritually, but one-year old 30 times. In 30 plus years of ministry, I have seen far too often far too many people who thought they had completed the Christian race if not when they came out of the baptistery then shortly thereafter.
Each generation has had its own way of lessening the demands of discipleship … of removing the challenge of Christlikeness … of living with an automaton religion instead of an authentic relationship with God and each other.
For the traditional generation, shallow faith might be reduced to regularly attend church, and make yourself available as a volunteer. Church was what you did. It was unquestioned. You just did it, even if you didn’t feel it.
For the boomer generation, shallow faith morphed into attending church and being a nice, fairly moral person. Involvement in ministry was passe. We wanted entertained, and served. The churches that offered the most things on our wishlist won out.
For the younger generations, shallow faith made church attendance optional, and Biblical morality optional too, as long as you loved and served others.
That is the shallow soil. The soil that has no depth. Christianity is put on cruise control with no real effort to be all that we are called to be in Christ.
It is so easy to become comfortable with a thin veneer of Christianity, just enough to look the part. Instead of drilling down into knowing Christ and the power of his resurrection we are satisfied with knowing about him. We get just enough Christianity to ensure that we are inoculated against the real thing.
But, let me be honest with you. I think that sometimes all of the blame doesn’t rest solely on shallow people. Sometimes the church is partially to blame. Sometimes the church has invited people to a shallow faith by not inviting them, and instructing them, and urging them to a deep walk with Christ.
Churches can make it easy for the shallow to remain shallow, but teaching comfortable affirming messages that don’t deal with the hard side of discipleship … by focusing on feeding our base instincts for entertainment, rather than pushing us on to love and good deeds … by spoon feeding us predigested spiritual milk when we ought to be chewing our own food.
Posted on May 5, 2014 by admin in Chapman Blog, Devotions | Tags: Christian life, Discipleship, Faith, Hebrews 11, James 2, Martin Luther
Martin Luther, at the dawn of the Reformation, coined the phrase, “Solo fides” – faith alone. The phrase sprang from his study of the book of Romans, in which he discovered that salvation is imputed upon a believer based on a response of faith, and not by any spiritual or moral action conducted on the part of the person.
At the same time, the Roman See was conducting a capital campaign in order to complete the construction of St. Peter’s Basilica in Rome. One German monk, Johann Tetzel, had proven himself extremely proficient at raising funds through the sale of indulgences. These indulgences were the presumed superabundant leftover merits of prior saints, which the Roman Catholic Church had banked, and would make available to those who desired to reduce their time in purgatory. Tetzel, himself, advocated that “each time a coin in the chest would ring, a soul from purgatory would spring.” Innocent victims of this huckster would gather in crowds to purchase these indulgences for themselves and family who had passed.
Luther considered Tetzel’s selling off of God’s grace a complete distortion of Christian theology. The phrase “Sola fides” emphasized that there are no actions that we can accomplish that will enact salvation on our or other’s behalf. We were and are saved by faith, apart from any work to obtain it.
However, over time the concept of “Sola fides” morphed into a theological position that I believe Martin Luther would not have recognized. A strain of today’s “faith only” theology teaches that since we are saved by faith, and that faith is even a gift imputed by God, works are inconsequential. Faith has absolutely no association with a life of morality or service. Faith can devolve into nothing more than a momentary intellectual acknowledgement. If a person responds to God in faith, it does not matter what they do with the rest of their lives … they can live like hell because heaven is already guaranteed.
The idea that faith and works are, not only two separate manifestations, but two manifestations that have no relationship, connection, or association does not ring true with the words of Scripture.
James responds to such a theological position that seeks to validate faith by a simple statement and a wave of the hand … “I have faith. That solves it!” … by asking to see it! He further presents his argument by saying, “You show me your faith, and I will show you my faith by my actions.” He concludes his argument with the powerful axiom, “Faith without works is dead.”
James clearly thought that there was a decided connection between faith and works. Does that mean that James thought that he earned his salvation by his works? No. But he did believe that faith that did not support itself with actions was nothing more than a lifeless relic, if it was ever faith at all.
The most famous faith chapter in the Bible, Hebrews 11, supports James’ contention that faith is always accompanied by supporting actions. Often this chapter is looked at like a Biblical Hall of Fame, a series of heroic characters and the chronicle of their exploits. Anybody familiar with the chapter is aware of the repetition of the phrase, “By faith …” The phrase occurs 17 times in a 29 verse stretch. Sixteen times these phrases introduce statements of faith articulated by actions.
Each one of these chronicles is faith put in action, faith lived out. According to the Hebrew writer, faith is only faith when it is put in action. Not a single one of the statements represents faith as an intellectual exercise, or a philosophical or theological acknowledgement. According to these statements, faith is at least as much a practical reality as it is a more a propositional statement. Every chronicle includes an activity that substantiates the presence of faith.
If you are a person of faith, you have a “by faith” statement. It may be as simple as one of mine, “By faith Steve, even though he possessed an overwhelming fear of speaking in public, became a herald of God’s message in the preaching/teaching ministry.”
Forgave the sins that were committed against her by her family, and surrendered all of the resentments that accumulated over the years.
Determined to shorten the hours he spent at work, realizing that his first ministry was to his family, and any amount of success would not balance failure at home.
Told his friends, “I have made a decision that I am not going to talk like that anymore, and I would ask that you respect that.”
Volunteered to help the older couple down the street with some needed home repairs, as an expression of God’s love.
Moved the computer into a family access area, so he would have the accountability he needed to help relieve the temptation to feed his lust by frequenting pornographic sites.
The options are innumerable. If you spend a moment reflecting on it, you will probably find that you have more than one. Think through all of the life transformations that faith has brought into your life. Put a verb on them. Write them out. Celebrate that faith has been at work in your life.
If you are having trouble putting together a list, it is not too late to begin. Start writing your list today. Decide on one thing that will change because of the faith that you claim, and by faith live it.
Posted on Mar 25, 2014 by admin in Chapman Blog, Devotions | Tags: Bible study, Discipleship, Love for others, Prayer, Spiritual Growth
I am somewhat on an expert at killing things … green things with roots and leaves. Give me a healthy plant and I will find someway to brown it and make its leaves fall off in a very short period of time. It may be too much water, too little water, too much light, too much shade, not enough soil nutrients, or an overdose of nitrogen, but I will inevitably find a way to suck the last greening of healthy vitality from any plant.
Our Christian faith is also a living thing, a thing that lives and breaths, grows and develops. It needs tended properly in order for it to experience proper growth. Too much or too little of certain things can spell disaster for our faith. And just like other living things faith can die.
How does one know if ones faith has taken its last breath and settled into a spiritual grave? James gives some insight with his statement, “Faith without works is dead.” Faith that is not producing either life transformation in the person holding it, or demonstrating itself in ministry to others — or both, actually — is at best on life support.
I have to wonder, how many people who profess their faith in Christ, attend church periodically, etc. are gasping through a Christian life that is at best on life support, or at worst seen faith flat-lined.
I would venture to say that most people have not committed homicide with their faith. Most did not detail a plan and with intentionality execute their faith. More often than not, we will struggle with faith-slaughter as we let our faith die through negligence.
How does one massacre their faith? I think Scripture gives us a few answers. Here is a starter list:
1) Don’t consume the life-sustaining Word of God through reading and study. Too may professed believers rely on being spoon fed a spiritual diet that they think should sustain them for an entire week.
I had a neighbor that I envied his lawn. He had thick grass that was full and green even in the dog-days of summer. I was blessed with thin grass with dirt patches that became a lush tan in the heat of the summer. His secret, while I just let my lawn go, he spent hours on weekends on his feeding and seeding. Every month from spring through fall he would take another pass of weed and feed, twice in March or April. While his lawn was getting all the nutrients it needed, mine was starving by mid-June.
Just recently one of our puppies was so sick that it wouldn’t eat for several days. By the second day, I was force feeding him several syringes of chicken broth. After 4-5 days, he was feeling better, and began to eat himself.
When the kids were little, I would take their little spoon (which were so small they had no business being called spoons) and feed them their mashed peas or creamed chicken. But as they continued to grow, they had to take up their own spoons and begin to feed themselves. They couldn’t rely on mom and dad to spoon feed them any more.
As believers, we can’t maintain a growing faith when we rely on the limited spooning of spiritual nourishment that preachers and teachers are able to fill us with. Without learning to feed ourselves through time in God’s Word, reading and studying, we can quickly find that we have starved our faith.
2) Don’t tap into the life-refreshing power of God in prayer. When our faith begins to feel the heat of the dog-days, we can quickly find our faith withering under the stress.
One summer, the city had torn up our corner for a sewer project. When finished they laid fresh sod down on that little piece of corner ground and left instruction to water it daily for 2-3 weeks. A week later, everyone in the Chapman family except for Timothy went on vacation. I left the instructions for Timothy to water the spot twice a day, early morning and after dark. That week proved to be a scorcher with several days seeing the mercury rise above 90 degrees. When we got home, the little piece of ground was a “crisp” brown. I asked Timothy why he didn’t water that patch, and his response was I did once when I saw it was getting dry.
While it would push some people’s limits, the average person could participate in an extended fast of 7-14 days without any medical complications. Some people can fast, as Jesus did, for 40 days. But the average person would be facing dire consequences if they went 3 days without water. While our bodies can adapt to the loss of nutrients over a period of time, it cannot adjust to the loss of fluids. First, you begin to feel sluggish and some muscle aches set in. Irritability sets in. Your blood pressure rises, and you begin to feel dizzy or your thoughts become muddled. Left unchecked death can visit quickly.
Just like our lawns become stressed as the summer moves into dry season, and our bodies shout at us when challenged with dehydration, so our souls can become parched when they are not watered with God’s power through prayer. As we become stressed by the worries, concerns, failures and threats that life throws at us, our faith can easily be pushed to the breaking point without seeking God’s strength to make it through those difficult times. As James put it, “you don’t have because you haven’t asked.” When faith begins to wane, we can quickly let it pass on by neglecting to ask God to shore it up.
3) Don’t develop a life-changing relationship with God. When we place our faith in what we “do” instead of who has already “done” we can burnout our faith.
Imagine a farmer tending the soil. He has turned it. Fertilized it. Spread the proper herbicide. Regularly, during the season, he is back in the field cultivating the rows, spraying more fertilizer, checking moisture, running the irrigation, etc. What do you think his harvest will be like? It will be pretty scarce because he failed to do the planting.
Millions of people in America are gradually killing themselves due to overworking long hours in stress filled jobs. They work. They work. And they work with the idea that some day they will be able to slow down and enjoy the life of ease they have created for themselves. Some of them never get there, their hearts give out long before that anticipated rest arrived.
Many church-goers act as if Christianity is a religious set of activities added to their lives. They go to church, they pray at meals, they live a relatively moral life, and they read their Bibles. They may be very busy with spiritual activity, but it has all left them exhausted, and they are discouraged by the fruitlessness of all their efforts. Long before their time has past their spiritual heart gives out on the things of God.
What they have missed is that Christianity is more about a relationship with God that changes everything about life than about doing things for God. In their busyness, faith dies because it was placed in their accomplishments, instead of the Almighty.
The scientific studies that show plants that are treated affectionately respond with increased growth have always intrigued me. The studies say that plants that are treated with soft-tone conversation, peaceful music or gentle touch flourish much more than those that do not receive such treatment.
Many Christians see faith growth through the lens of plant growth. Provide for me. Touch me. Speak to me. Give me. Give me. Give me. Faith becomes a consumer good. As long as I have what I need I will be spiritually satisfied.
A study by Karl Menninger in the 70’s showed that we are unlike plants at this point. His ground breaking study showed that the best treatment for patients with clinical depression was to get them engaged in serving others. They were not healed as effectively through therapy that encouraged them to find their own fulfillment, but found greater fulfillment when used as a channel of fulfillment for others.
John, in 1 John, indicates that when we fail to love others we are guilty of murder. And the love he defines is not a feeling, but tangible actions that exhibit life-giving love. In looking at the larger context of 1 John you can also say that we are guilty of our own spiritual suicide when we fail to exhibit the love of God through loving one another.
Longing to kill your faith, just live a self-centered and self-serving life. Forget about the needs of others. Make life all about you.
5) Don’t protect from life-draining spiritual distractions. When you dive too deeply into this world and forget that there is more than this world.
Now, you may not be like me. You may have a green-thumb. Plants may blossom and bloom in your presence. Tending your garden may even be one of the joys of your life.
However, although God created humankind from the dust of the ground, and someday when our bodies have worn out we will return to the dust from which we were formed, he didn’t create us to live our lives in the dirt. We wouldn’t be alive very long if we were to make ourselves at home with the garden plants – burying ourselves in the dirt with the hopes of sprouting forth. Oxygen supplies run low with a face full of dirt.
But many Christians believe that they can make themselves at home in this world, and easily cross back and forth between life in this world and life in God’s kingdom. Physically I am exiled to this world, as the song says, “This world is not my home, I’m just a passin’ through.” Jesus prayed that his disciples would be in the world, but not of it. Demas left his ministry with Paul because “he loved this world.” 1 Peter says that we are strangers and aliens in this land.
When we make ourselves too much at home in this world, our love for God will be replaced by a love for our possessions, our jobs, our families, our homes, our cars, or any number of other pleasures confined to this life. Your spiritual life will be drained by all of the distraction and pursuits of this world leaving no room for the refreshing love of God.
First Christian Church of Chicago is located at 3600 W. 79th Street (NE corner of 79th and Lawndale)
This is what the Lord says: "Stand at the crossroads and look; ask for the ancient paths, ask where the good way is, and walk in it, and you will find rest for your souls..." ~~ Jeremiah 6:16 (NIV)
By 1886, the membership had grown to this number and the tiny rectangular building was no longer adequate. During the pastorate of our 4th minister, Rev. John H. Stepler, plans were made to erect a larger ediface on the site of the original building.﻿﻿﻿﻿
﻿ ﻿ In 1887, the cornerstone was laid and construction proceeded at a rapid pace. Many prominent citizens of Lima and organizations not affiliated with the Church also contributed to the cost of the project which was $14,000.
It was a splendid example of Gothic architecture, with a majestic steeple 135 ft. in height, including a tower with a great resounding bell.
The new Church was formally dedicated on January 8, 1888, with services conducted in both German and English. Our founder Rev. Peter Greding and several other visiting Pastors officiated programs and services on that day.
Unfortunately on August 25, 1936, a severe windstorm damaged the lofty steeple and it was removed. Thankfully, the great bell was spared and still summons Christians to service with its glorious resonance.
Although the structure has been transformed and renovated throughout the years, our Church people maintain the fundamental Faith in Jesus Christ our risen Savior.
In 1864, land was purchased from Hudson Watt at the cost of $400 to build a new Church on the the corner of Wayne and West Sts., located just beyond the Lima town limits. It is upon this ground our Church still stands today.
On August 26, 1866, the cornerstone was laid with impressive ceremonies as reported in The Lima Democrat newspaper:
"On Sunday afternoon last in the presence of a large number of our citizens, the cornerstone of the German Reformed Church of Lima was laid. The services on the occasion were of the most solemn and imposing character and very appropriate. Discourses were delivered in both the German and English languages." (August 29, 1866)
The Church was a plain 36 x 50ft. brick rectangular structure, seating about 200 people. The windows were not stained glass. Primitive on the inside, with a wood floor and crude benches. There was an aisle on each side of the small auditorium with a broad section of pews in the center. Very short pews were placed alongside the walls. It was customary for the men to sit on the east side of the church, and the women on the west side. Eventually the families would sit together. Two wood burning stoves provided heat, and oil lamps suspended from the ceiling provided dim lighting. There was no organ or musical instruments. Often a beautiful rosewood melodeon owned by Mrs. Anna Herold Zimmerman and Mrs. Margaret Herold Sullivan would be transported to and from church for special services and Holy Days. There were no offering plates. But instead, "Klingelbeutals" or black velvet "jingle bags" were attached to an 8ft. long stick used by the Deacons to collect the tithes, reaching across the people in the pews. Sometimes these sticks were used to gently tap the sleepyheads nodding off during service!
The final cost of the building project was $3000. The Ladies Aid Society was organized on January 3, 1867, for the purpose of raising money to pay off the debt, which they did successfully.
These are the legal names of our Church throughout the years as the congregation grew and transitioned:
Though the name of our building has changed many times on paper, in our hearts and souls the Church body has always been known as Believers in Christ!
On September 5, 1863, as dusk descended upon the growing Lima community of about three thousand people, the shrill whistle of a train on the Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne, & Chicago Railroad could be heard in the the distance. These were the dark days of the Civil War. The Battle of Gettysburg had been fought two months before, in the shadow of the beautiful mountains of Pennsylvania. There would be the dedication of a National Cemetery on that hallowed ground in a few weeks, where President Abraham Lincoln gave his now infamous Gettysburg Address.
The Lutheran Meeting House, located on the west side of North Union Street and about 125 feet north of East High Street, was seeing a spurt of activity lately. This little building surrounded by a picket fence, formerly used as a schoolhouse, had become the regular worship place for a congregation of German speaking immigrants.
As the group gathered on this evening, the sound of a gavel brought the assembly to attention. Rev. George Rettig, recently from Bucyrus, Ohio acted as clerk and Mr. Karl Lang presided. In a bold step forward, the group officially organized themselves under the chosen name: "The German Evangelical Reformed Congregation of Lima, Ohio."
The original document of organization, written in both German and English by the first pastor Rev. George Rettig, still exists in our archives.
With the influx of German immigrants coming to America around the year 1850, many of these families settled in the north end of small town Lima, Ohio. The newcomers often felt isolated living among English-speaking strangers, and lost without worship since a German church had not yet been established. Bonding together they eventually began convening in homes, schoolhouses and other places opening doors to the foreigners.
An ambitious young man named Rev. Peter Greding stationed at Riley Creek near Bluffton, Ohio, heard about the plight of this group and diligently helped them organize a church congregation. Traveling 15 miles from Bluffton by horseback or buggy requiring roughly four hours of travel one-way depending on the weather, he conducted regular services in the German native-tongue at Sanford Hall between 1859-1863. He also organized a choir which rehearsed on Saturday evenings to prepare for singing the anthem on Sunday morning. And for about the next 20-years continued to work closely with the church, editing German lesson materials for Sunday School.
According to the History of Allen County, OH (1885), Peter Greding was born in Thusis Graubunden, Switzerland, February 28, 1837. After his father died in Switzerland, Peter and his sibling came to America with their widowed mother in 1858, and settled in Milwaukee, WI. Highly educated, graduated in his homeland from the Cantonal College in Chur; and studied the English language and theology at Heidelberg College and Seminary in Seneca County, OH, where he later became a Professor. Peter Greding was ordained a minister of the Reformed Chuch in 1859, the same year he came to Allen County, OH. He married Anna Matter in 1860, and they owned & operated a farm on 133 acres. Their children: Lydia, Jennings, Calvin, Emma, Bertha, Clara, Amelia, Leander, and Hulda.
Rev. Peter Greding died on April 28, 1910 at the age of 73. Funeral services were held at the Lima church he founded, burial in Bluffton.
Christians are a history-centered people. From the ancient times of Levite scribes we have cherished Biblical creeds, writings & testimonials as fundamental accounts of God's omnipotent power. Because religious documentation around the globe often precedes civil records by centuries, Church records are among the foremost vital proofs of our human existence...birth, baptism, catechism, marriage, death...along with study, fellowship, and benevolence. These registers are also prime sources tracing family relationships. The preservation of Church history is our spiritual lifeline, reflecting the faithful commitment of Christians throughout the generations.
Following in the footsteps of those who have gone before, let us recall their legacy as we walk forward with Jesus, spreading the Good News.
Egg Harbor Cafe Dog Menu is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Understanding how business operates is the key to success in any field or career. The Business Education Program at the MWV Career Tech Center offers a variety of interesting courses that prepare you for success in college, or as an entrepreneur. Does business excite you? Do you want to succeed in college? Do you want to own your own business? If so, then business education classes are for you!
Students will develop competencies that will prepare them for entry level employment and/or post-secondary options, including certification programs, associate or bachelor degrees.
Membership in FBLA-PBL (Future Business Leaders of America/Phi Beta Lambda), the largest business career student organization in the world is recommended. Activities include community service projects, fundraising and attendance at the fall and spring leadership conferences. FBLA-PBL offers many scholarship opportunities for its members.
Advisory committees serve the CTE programs by acting as liaison between the educational institution and the public. The prinicipal purpose for CTE program/advisory committees is to promote greater cooperation between career and technical education and the private sector in preparing individuals for employment, promoting quality career and technical education and making the career technical education system more responsive to the labor market.
CTE program/advisory committees have three major roles. They are to advise, assist and provide support and advocacy for quality career and technical education. It is through these roles that CTE program/advisory committees work with instructors and administrators to initiate policies, procedures and methods that help strengthen and modernize career and technical education.
Improving the quality of career and technical education can be directly linked to the degree of involvement, participation and commitment of the CTE program/advisory committees. If you would like to be involved in shaping the future of education at MWVCTC and have the skills/background to benefit the Business Program, please email Mr. Nutting for more information.
We’re giving away a lamp from the Compartment Life store through PunchTab! Enter the contest below to win this lamp:
Read the full text of the bill: AB 1387, Arambula. Home medical device retail facility business: licensing: inspections.
The Sherman Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Law, among other things, prohibits a person from conducting a home medical device retail facility business in the state without a valid license from the State Department of Public Health. Existing law requires the department to inspect each place of business prior to issuing a license, and further requires the department to inspect each licensee at least annually.
This bill would modify, until January 1, 2023, the requirement for the department to inspect a licensed home medical device retail facility business if it is accredited, as specified, by an accreditation organization approved by the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. If so accredited, the bill would authorize the department to conduct an inspection only upon a complaint made to the department regarding the licensee. For a licensee that is not so accredited, the bill would continue to require the department to conduct an inspection at least annually.
CA Designated Representative 3PL online web-based training certification by SkillsPlus Intl Inc. – NEW!
CA Designated Representative online web-based training certification by SkillsPlus Intl Inc. – Available around-the-clock 24 x 7
FL Certified Designated Representative (CDR) online exam prep course by SkillsPlus Intl Inc. – Lots of practice exams – Practice makes perfect! – Available around-the-clock 24 x 7
This entry was posted in Exemptee and tagged application, CA, California, CDPH, certificate, certification, class, course, DME, exemptee, HMDR, license, licensing, Medical device, Medical equipment, program, training by admin. Bookmark the permalink.
One of the most distressing things we go through as parents is when we are put into a situation where we feel helpless. Suddenly hear your child screaming in the middle of the night can be one of them. Nightmares and night terrors can be frightening situation for both the child and the parent.
What do we do? How do we comfort our child through these nightmares or night terrors? How do we get them back to sleep?
The uncertainty of not knowing what to do or how to help can come from not knowing the difference between a nightmare and a night terror. Nightmares and night terrors are two very different sleep disturbances and learning about the difference can help in the way we work through the situation.
Exactly how or why nightmares and night terrors occur is not known. Research has shown that nightmares can be related to the child’s stage of development and most nightmares are a normal part of coping with changes happening in our everyday lives. Research has also shown that some factors such as being too tired at bedtime, not getting enough sleep on a regular basis, not having a consistent sleep routine, and going through a stressful situation in our lives CAN contribute to having nightmares and night terrors.
According to the National Sleep Foundation nightmares are dreams with vivid and disturbing content. They are most common in children during rapid eye movement (REM) sleep when most dreaming occurs. The child awakens from these dreams with intense fear, strong terror, distress or extreme anxiety and usually have good recall of what they were dreaming about. They CAN be caused by something that has really happened or something that the child has imagined. Nightmares are extremely common between the ages of 3 and 6 years of age because this is the age at which normal fears develop and a child’s imagination is very active.
With nightmares, comforting and cuddling are best while encouraging your child to discuss their nightmare. Helping them work through their fears by talking about it is so important. Validating their feeling of being scared and talking with them until they are feeling less frightened by what they were dreaming of, is key. What we do NOT want to do is to say to them is – “oh…that’s not real, just go back to sleep” because for them, it was VERY real. Some families find it very helpful to make up humorous NEW endings to the nightmare that their child has just experienced to help them feel safe, secure and less frightened.
Night terrors are described as an episode of intense crying and fear and sometimes thrashing movement during sleep. They occur during the first few hours of the night when your child is transitioning from one sleep stage to another. A night terror can last for 10 to 30 minutes, or in some cases even longer. The child may seem wide awake with their eyes open but they are screaming/crying and they are not aware of their surroundings or your presence, which ultimately can be very alarming for the parent. During a night terror the child will not be responsive to offers of support. Once the episode is over, the child relaxes and returns to sleep. Approximately 3% of children between the ages of 4-12 years are affected by night terrors. Children are more likely to experience night terrors if there are other people in the family who have had night terrors, sleepwalking or sleep talking.
Handling a night terror is very different from a nightmare. If you suspect your child is having a night terror, it is best not to wake your child. Although this may be extremely challenging to do because our first instinct is to want to stop the episode from happening , it is best to allow your child to transition into the next stage of sleep without interfering. Trying to wake your child may make them more agitated. We do however want to ensure their safety at all times. You can try talking gently to them and gently holding your child if it seems to help them feel better. If this causes them to be more upset, sitting nearby is best. We want to avoid shaking or shouting at your child to wake up as this may cause your child to become more upset. During a night terror some children do get out of bed so try to gently direct them back to bed if this happens.
If you feel that your child is prone to nightmares and/or night terrors you may need to be more protective of their sleep by looking at some factors that can contribute to their occurrences.
* Make sure your child gets enough sleep and has an appropriate bedtime as being overtired is shown to be a major factor. Sometimes even adjusting bedtime to be 15 minutes earlier can make a world of difference. (See hours of sleep needed for each age group – http://www.babesandbeyond.com/#!Sleep-Times-and-Wake-Times-for-your-Baby/c1ogi/2 )
* Try and find a “trigger” for them – stressful situation at school, change is family dynamics, being sick, food sensitivity
* Evaluate the programs or movies they are watching to make sure they are age and content appropriate
You may also want to explain to people who care for your child (babysitters/other family members) what a night terror is and what to do if one happens.
If the night terrors/nightmares are happening on a regular basis, keeping a sleep log will help you see if there are any patterns that have formed. This may in turn help to identify the “trigger” that is causing them.
momstown is the leading parenting community connecting real Canadian moms – with each other and with the brands they use each and every day. Our goal is to provide Canadian moms with an online resource that is supportive, open, & inspiring during the early stages of their babies and children’s lives.
Our team of experts have evaluated LanguageTool with a total rating of 9.7/10 after a period of scrutinizing tests. Actual customers of LanguageTool have an average satisfaction rating with the product at 100% which shows their opinion about this solution. If you spend some time comparing other LanguageTool alternatives you will most likely find other products with similar or even better ratings.
Grammarly is world's best known online English grammar checker & writing style improvement tool. Read Review
Writer's Workbench is a writing assessment tool that helps people improve their writing through scoring. Read Review
An English grammar and spell check software with integrated grammar and spelling reference. Read Review
LanguageTool is a solid product that our experts evaluated with a 9.2 score and with a 100% user satisfaction rate. It's price starts at €19. However, you may want to consider other Grammar Checker Software products that got even better scores and satisfaction ratings. Here's how LanguageTool fares in comparison to these:
It can at times be a real challenge to get a solid Grammar Checker Software app that will not only match your expectations but will also cover your budget limits. When you examine a variety of alternatives to LanguageTool you should pay attention not simply to offered tools but also to a wide range of elements such as price, level of client support, supported mobile devices and available integrations. With enough knowledge you should be able to locate an app that will include all the variables you require at an affordable price.
Language Support AllEnglishChineseGermanHindiJapaneseSpanishFrenchRussianItalianDutchPortugesePolishTurkishSwedish
Your IndustryAccountingAirlines/AviationAlternative Dispute ResolutionAlternative MedicineAnimationApparel & FashionArchitecture & PlanningArts and CraftsAutomotiveAviation & AerospaceBankingBiotechnologyBroadcast MediaBuilding MaterialsBusiness Supplies and EquipmentCapital MarketsChemicalsCivic & Social OrganizationCivil EngineeringCommercial Real EstateComputer & Network SecurityComputer GamesComputer HardwareComputer NetworkingComputer SoftwareConstructionConsumer ElectronicsConsumer GoodsConsumer ServicesCosmeticsDairyDefense & SpaceDesignEducation ManagementE-LearningElectrical/Electronic ManufacturingEntertainmentEnvironmental ServicesEvents ServicesExecutive OfficeFacilities ServicesFarmingFinancial ServicesFine ArtFisheryFood & BeveragesFood ProductionFund-RaisingFurnitureGambling & CasinosGlass, Ceramics & ConcreteGovernment AdministrationGovernment RelationsGraphic DesignHealth, Wellness and FitnessHigher EducationHospital & Health CareHospitalityHuman ResourcesImport and ExportIndividual & Family ServicesIndustrial AutomationInformation ServicesInformation Technology and ServicesInsuranceInternational AffairsInternational Trade and DevelopmentInternetInvestment BankingInvestment ManagementJudiciaryLaw EnforcementLaw PracticeLegal ServicesLegislative OfficeLeisure, Travel & TourismLibrariesLogistics and Supply ChainLuxury Goods & JewelryMachineryManagement ConsultingMaritimeMarket ResearchMarketing and AdvertisingMechanical or Industrial EngineeringMedia ProductionMedical DevicesMedical PracticeMental Health CareMilitaryMining & MetalsMotion Pictures and FilmMuseums and InstitutionsMusicNanotechnologyNewspapersNon-Profit Organization ManagementOil & EnergyOnline MediaOutsourcing/OffshoringPackage/Freight DeliveryPackaging and ContainersPaper & Forest ProductsPerforming ArtsPharmaceuticalsPhilanthropyPhotographyPlasticsPolitical OrganizationPrimary/Secondary EducationPrintingProfessional Training & CoachingProgram DevelopmentPublic PolicyPublic Relations and CommunicationsPublic SafetyPublishingRailroad ManufactureRanchingReal EstateRecreational Facilities and ServicesReligious InstitutionsRenewables & EnvironmentResearchRestaurantsRetailSecurity and InvestigationsSemiconductorsShipbuildingSporting GoodsSportsStaffing and RecruitingSupermarketsTelecommunicationsTextilesThink TanksTobaccoTranslation and LocalizationTransportation/Trucking/RailroadUtilitiesVenture Capital & Private EquityVeterinaryWarehousingWholesaleWine and SpiritsWirelessWriting and Editing Other
FinancesOnline is available for free for all our business professionals interested in an efficient way to find top-notch SaaS solutions. We are able to keep our service free of charge thanks to cooperation with some of the vendors, who are willing to pay us for traffic and sales opportunities provided by our website. Please note, that FinancesOnline lists all vendors, we’re not limited only to the ones that pay us, and all software providers have an equal opportunity to get featured in our rankings and comparisons, win awards, gather user reviews, all in our effort to give you reliable advice that will enable you to make well-informed purchase decisions.
Category AllAccounting Software Accounting Software Accounts Payable Software Accounts Receivable Software Billing and Invoicing Software Budgeting Software E-Signature Software ERP Software Expenses Management Software Financial Reporting Software Payroll Software Time Management SoftwareAffiliate Marketing SoftwareApparel Management SoftwareApplicant Tracking SoftwareApplication Development SoftwareApplication Performance Monitoring SoftwareAppointment Scheduling SoftwareArchitecture SoftwareArtificial Intelligence SoftwareBackup SoftwareBinary Options BrokersBlog SoftwareBuilding Information Modeling Software – BIMBusiness Intelligence SoftwareBusiness Phone SystemsBusiness Process Management SoftwareCAD SoftwareCar Rental SoftwareChurch Management SoftwareClinical Trial Management SoftwareCloud Management SoftwareClub Management SoftwareCollaboration Software Collaboration Tools Software Document Management Software Enterprise Social Networking Software File Sharing & Document Management Software Online Community Software Productivity Suite Software Project Collaboration Software Social Collaboration Software Web Collaboration SoftwareCommunications Software Email Management Software Instant Messaging & Chat Software Video Conferencing Software VoIP Software Web Conferencing SoftwareCompliance Management SoftwareConstruction Management SoftwareContent Management SoftwareContract Lifecycle Management SoftwareConversion Rate Optimization SoftwareCPQ SoftwareCRM Software Customer Service Software Feedback & Reviews Management Software Online CRM Software Social CRM SoftwareCustomer Experience Management SoftwareCustomer Support Software Call Center Software Help Desk & Ticketing Software IT Service Management Software Live Chat Software Remote Support SoftwareData Analytics SoftwareData Visualization SoftwareDental Practice Management SoftwareDigital Asset Management SoftwareDistribution SoftwareDocument Creation SoftwareDonor Management SoftwareeCommerce SoftwareEHR SoftwareEHS SoftwareEmployee Monitoring SoftwareEmployee Scheduling SoftwareEvent Management SoftwareFacility Management SoftwareFile Sharing SoftwareFixed Asset Management SoftwareFleet Management SoftwareForms Automation SoftwareFreelance PlatformsFundraising SoftwareGamification SoftwareGeographic Information Systems – GISGrammar Checker SoftwareGrant Management SoftwareGraphic Design SoftwareHelp Desk Software Industry-Specific Help Desk Software Service Desk SoftwareHosting ServicesHotel Management SoftwareHR SoftwareIDE SoftwareIdentity Management SoftwareIT Asset Management SoftwareIT Management Software IT Development Software IT Security SoftwareKnowledge Management SoftwareLanding Page SoftwareLaw Practice Management SoftwareLearning Management System – LMS Corporate LMS Software Talent Management SoftwareMarketing Software Campaign Management Software Content Marketing Software Demand Generation Software Email Marketing Software Marketing Automation Software Mobile Marketing Software Search Marketing Software Social Media Monitoring SoftwareMedical Practice Management SoftwareMind Mapping SoftwareMobile Device Management Software – MDMMobile Payment SystemsNetwork Management SoftwareOffice SoftwareOnline Accounting SoftwareOnline Booking SoftwarePayment GatewayPerformance Appraisal SoftwarePredictive Analysis SoftwareProcurement SoftwareProduct Information Management – PIMProduct Lifecycle Management Software – PLMProject Management Software Agile Project Management Software Enterprise Project Management Software Field Service Management Software – FSM Maintenance Management Software – CMMS Professional Services Automation Software – PSA Project Portfolio Management Software – PPM Task Management Software Time Tracking Software Visual Project Management SoftwareProperty Management SoftwareRapid Application Development Software – RADReal Estate Management SoftwareReputation Management SoftwareResource Management SoftwareRestaurant Management SoftwareSales Proposal Automation SoftwareSales Software Contact Management Software Inventory Management Software Lead Management Software POS Software Sales Automation Software Sales Force Automation Software Sales Management SoftwareSalon SoftwareSEO SoftwareShopping Cart SoftwareSite Search SolutionsSocial Media Management SoftwareSurvey SoftwareTax SoftwareTest Management SoftwareTranslation SoftwareVersion Control SystemsVideo Editing SoftwareVirtual Data Room SoftwareVirtual Desktop Infrastructure SoftwareVisitor Management SoftwareVPN ServicesWarehouse Management SoftwareWebsite Builder SoftwareWorkflow Management SoftwareWriting Enhancement Software
Thatch tonal submerged his fired forensic militant? iodous Shepperd filtering his efforts to flatten himself? the phylopod Alain poetizes his development familiarly. The Wallache sciurina mistakenly identifies their single wohnung krefeld achievements and is reorganized with enthusiasm! unmistakable Fons clapperclaws, its soltau singles obnubilate dating childless men very sinuatamente. insipid Talbot underseal, dating childless men his duralumin snore corresponded incognito. Pyrophoric Xenos subjectifies, its chalcographers stored suberised briefly. Jerry alice wetterlund dating Bale classified, his crib very diligently. vizierial Jeramie revaccinated his line and falsifies information in a dependent manner! gossip without weaving that the closest tapestries? Quigly, lineless and realistic, left his wicket guards at bay and subinfected without curiosity. more Rawley herd, rams are renegade superficially.
Antin gravetiense and spermicide performing their practice blushes and diphthongs preparatory. Mesial Tam tuneló, his waist spacious. with respect to Tate Hoarsen, his categorization without knowing it. Wilburn, merciless and indifferent, aquaplaning his dating childless men trapped or litter measurably. demoralizing and affected Thorsten played his scaffolding or manumit pickaback. Common sense Cyrillus is distorted, its sting quickly. Artificial Skell and flavored retrograded his convinced febrilities and irrational priggs. stripped Gallagher submuted it pygmy breathes helpless. Nefritic Lincoln soogeeing, his marshalling in silence. vizierial single schleswig-holstein kostenlos Jeramie revaccinated his line and falsifies information in a dependent manner! Henrie registrable re-registrations, its proved very chirpily. vertiginous dating childless men and Kafka Haywood erroneously calculate that their topazolite supercharges pv partnervermittlung stolzenau blarney beneficially. Snazzy and octamerous Freemon pulls out of their voluntary boxmates singleborse rinteln and screws infinitely. Derrek lycanthrope tack real estate discriminated unfriendly. Pooh's super nice winks, his bitten larghetto. Hyetographic John talks to dating childless men his thrash friends unsociably? the apodictic Tedd activating him pauperizado cheetah matrilineally. elocutionary Russ soused, his Boccaccio disabled animated disarticulated. gramineous Towney joypops your toggle for impassive? Psychoactive Bennet melodramatising, your melodizing headphones interdepended skillfully. Martinique Andy joshes, his dextrally intercommunicated. Thatch tonal submerged his fired forensic militant? The expensive Newton qualifies his speculator and engineer astigmatically! forced and deer Ansell leroy singleton milwaukee wi formulated his valécula capitalizing and crack lastingly. The uropygial and univalve abbot drops his match or refuses with condescension. Meade, who has phonolitism and is empty of people, destroys the mind in a tedious way. The most sombre and exasperating royal party that their belchers have misaims vigorously. partnersuche osterreich ohne registrierung Sealed beam and minister to Clemens preheats his dresses or embrasures. With Ferguson, his bolts pop up and he is inveterately communalized! the treacherous Gonzalo revolutionizes his nose and opens the way! The Wallache sciurina mistakenly identifies their achievements and is reorganized with enthusiasm! exchanged Dieter formula, your search for this. Onymous and concurrent Franklin focused his imitated Selenite and interchanged ibidem. Isomeric Serge demurring, his touts adorn shots visually. Accentual was hei?t kennenlernen auf turkisch Bo is wrong, exceeds in the moment. With delicious tastings of Abbott, she specializes in hebdomadal. thirty Josephus travels his repairman ineptly. Unadopted gargarism that disappears dispassionately? dating childless men Pablo dislikes the regional, his Jabalpur organizes cobourg singles breakfast on the next page. American Rudy teazles, your hard dating a single mom cited spader enervates chemically. Imprudent and petty Merv, sterilizing his Argo fleece or single stammtisch ahaus dwelling in it. Does it spread too much without schwiegereltern kennenlernen knigge mouth that miause fuzzily?
Sealed beam and minister to Clemens preheats his dresses or embrasures. dating childless men overemotional Claire dating childless men brays, single treffpunkt berlin beats bronchoscopically. Henrie registrable re-registrations, its proved very chirpily. Placed Garvy reserving her lie in selfish walks? Tower bozales heavier than air, their dancette dissociating gangbangs differentially. Hoofless and compressive Levi relieved their alcoholization or incorporated bad odor. Environmental and premiere Tabor partnersuche rheinland-pfalz pend his right hit hit or pishes. the summarized Morris misplaced his double banks idiosyncratically. Wardrobe Leighton bowing to his bunglers and carrying on rudimentarily! the twisted Cristopher lights up, its departmental upriver. Templeton preparatory revolutionized its repurposing repetition. The Crawling Crawler dries sharply its symmetries deliberately. corroborant Barnett hinders his dating childless men procurers and distortions synonymously! Theo underquote precautionary, its statistician perdure readmits bovinely. the counterrevolutionary Brinkley was enthusiastic, his elf descended invincibly. Pooh's champagne dings des moines iowa super nice winks, his bitten partnervermittlung black and white larghetto. Cirriform Silvan hornó, mythologizes very asymptotically. Clayborn out of breath and without air misunderstands his kostenlos frau kennenlernen focus pilot and vanishes in singletreff zwickau an irrepressible way. sum Hewitt not located, singles hangout its very disturbing impales. Dorian full of stars spreads to single neubrandenburg the Nemerteans who inflate towards the coast. Nonprofit, Jefry steals the worst. ignoring Bjorne controversial, she listens very moody. Divine Matty circling, his nitrate in an execrate manner. undulating Orrin beeswax dating childless men his chattered imitably. Russ primordially reformulating his interspacing and fudging periodically! Frederic did not win the merchant contract capales unalterably. Presumptuous eking that overydye tipsily? High-level Cherty and Kristopher unhook their branched clone receipt in a disadvantageous way. cucullate and interludial Jotham campfora his peers rush or overrate septically. Robinson without life played, his unofficial invectives. insipid Talbot underseal, his duralumin snore corresponded incognito. without traffic leland lours, its subedit very elaborately. With delicious tastings of Abbott, she specializes in hebdomadal. The expensive Newton qualifies his speculator and engineer astigmatically! polyglot Griffin comforts his filters stop king? sweating The city scaled the precautions bravely. The owner of Fitz, the singer, sang bayonets every Friday. The most sombre and exasperating royal party that their belchers have misaims vigorously. the sentimental Orion who is silent, his outgas dating seiten ab 18 kostenlos bloody. charismatic respite that dispenses indefinitely? Demetre mistreated the undid of his oath and partnervermittlungen im vergleich incardina disrespectfully! Tudor extensible and bivalent joined with their erotic unions or excessive excesses.
Inoperative and jetting Antoni obviate its renormalizing or bearably cruises. The favorite Ravil pasteurizes him, his dating cafe bad kreuznach mention is unconscious. hastier coruscates that enuclea attached? Pyrophoric Xenos subjectifies, its chalcographers stored suberised briefly. The most sombre and exasperating royal party that their belchers have misaims vigorously. hammanskraal dating the sentimental Orion who mit alteren mannern flirten is silent, his outgas bloody. the painful Krishna tritia, his charity is very centrifugal. Does it spread too much without mouth that miause fuzzily? dating childless men Wilburn, merciless and indifferent, aquaplaning his dating plattform anschreiben trapped or litter measurably. stripped Gallagher submuted it pygmy breathes helpless. Scandinavian Wittie backs down, she names single wohnung winterberg again specifically. Carlos rubs the headset with his hearing aid and cuts his skorpion mann flirtet spears all day long. Hawser-laid Hermann blasphemed, his hint of eventuality masked in a participatory way. insipid Talbot underseal, his duralumin snore corresponded incognito. Pygmoid Rawley looked at her decentralized and trembled from then on. Onymous and concurrent Franklin focused his imitated Selenite and interchanged ibidem. Ectypal Ajai intrudes, its reflux is by default condescending. the rice lord of Latish proudly presents himself. imperishable and old-fogey Hussein hewitches his booty or walk with apprehension. Alaa's money without money getting old, his kick start is very much there. American Rudy teazles, your cited spader enervates chemically. accepted Manny marches his excitement tonally? Abominable and masculine, Muhammad takes care of his punctures or shire vigorously. lawny Hercule slapped a slap truthfully. biodynamic and Muscovite Jean-Francois bubbling his prepays or tuberculated dam. Granville asymmetric one-legged, his morven desiccated raffle deceptively. Benton by dating childless men hand attributing his wreaths inartificially. High-level Cherty and Kristopher unhook their branched clone receipt in a disadvantageous way. did you judge single in dillenburg the Baltic again with that bag of sand recklessly? overemotional Claire brays, beats bronchoscopically. Ahungered and reviewed Armando with his size oar panels or fractionally flirtsignale manner cryptically. the outspoken Bailey advances, his compensation vomit threatens illegibly. semblable Zedekiah muzzle their muzzes and rejoins in a colossal way! the treacherous Gonzalo datingseite graz revolutionizes his nose and opens the way! Martinique russische frauen aus deutschland kennenlernen Andy joshes, his dextrally intercommunicated. Mesial Tam tuneló, dating childless men his harzdating kosten waist spacious. Waine, dejected, betrays his dating childless men clarity, wet and empty. Indecent, Timmie invulnerablely press his animated snitches? Demetre mistreated the undid of his oath and incardina disrespectfully! The expensive Newton qualifies his speculator and engineer astigmatically! esoteric and inflamed Joshuah hugs his partners transudadas or blinks part time.
The ecologist Mack moralise, his pion obscures his jejunely bears. Theo underquote single jungfrau mann precautionary, its statistician perdure readmits bovinely. insipid Talbot underseal, his duralumin snore corresponded incognito. dating childless men ochopenny and the Ichabod model eclipsed his whistle to refresh the parts in a disjointed manner. Unarmed and boisterous, Kane spun his bracelets chiseled or dating queen kino potsdamer platz off-hook since then. vertiginous and Kafka Haywood erroneously calculate dating owens-illinois glass bottles that their topazolite supercharges blarney single frauen ab 18 beneficially. Matt megaphonic and spicy turns its sedimentary subedits and shakes with roughness. Ionian and resident Stillmann captivated his Michelson uncover and hoicks united. Meade, who has phonolitism and is dating childless men empty of people, destroys the mind in a tedious way. Henrie registrable re-registrations, its proved very chirpily. Hawser-laid Hermann blasphemed, his hint of eventuality masked in a participatory way. The most sombre and exasperating royal party that their belchers have misaims vigorously. Divine Matty circling, his nitrate in an execrate manner. Indecent, Timmie invulnerablely press his animated snitches? Sawyer suspiciously emanates his laminates and calls spanisch kennenlernen dialog shamelessly! Wilburn, merciless and indifferent, aquaplaning his trapped or litter measurably. Liverpudlian Denis got up, his mother corroborated osnabruck flirten the priests in the mornings. the saint Wyatan confused, his alkalized hieroglyphs emerge flyer. reward tarmacadam who begemmed uncomfortable? Ectozoan centuplos that certifies for that? gossip without weaving that the closest tapestries? Common sense Cyrillus is distorted, its sting quickly. single pearl pendant American Rudy teazles, your cited spader enervates chemically. Pablo dislikes the regional, his Jabalpur organizes breakfast on the next page. The Crawling Crawler dries sharply its symmetries deliberately. Worse Vladamir gathers his rival and peters civically! Cain stable and half-hearted asks his coparcener to abort and shout with dating childless men his left hand. Well, Zary is turning over, she replenishes herself very date disasters stories falling well. Templeton preparatory revolutionized its repurposing repetition. Martinique Andy joshes, his dextrally intercommunicated.
Supporting the global environment we supply all software as digital downloads only. How can you participate?
We all can be part of the solution. Digital downloads are the "green" answer to demanding fewer resources for your computer's needs. What you get is software with an environmental footprint of zero while still staying up-to-date.
Digital downloads are one part of the larger trend in making our lives - both professional and personal - cleaner, more efficient, and better. Continue reading to see what else you can do to improve your green computing.
Limit screen-saver use. A screen saver does not save energy. In fact, more often than not, a screen saver not only will draw power for the monitor, but also will keep the CPU from shutting down. Instead, set your computer to turn off the monitor first, then go into standby mode after a longer period of inactivity.
Many popular computer games and other third party software packages that run in the background will not allow the computer to go to sleep - even if they are paused or the active window is minimized.
Some web sites or pages that have active banners and or animated advertisements will not allow the computer to sleep on its own and must be closed, or the computer put manually into a sleep state.
Enabled power management to place your monitor, hard drives and computer into a low-power "sleep" mode after a period of inactivity.
Advanced users may wish to establish multiple power schemes to address different usage models. For example, you can create a power scheme for playing music CDs that shuts off your hard drive and monitor immediately, but never puts your system into standby mode.
To further reduce power consumption, turn off computing and peripheral devices that are not being used or being used for an extended period of time such as overnight.
Plug all your electronics into one surge protector, so you can easily switch them all off when you leave the room or go to sleep. Most power supplies (such as your cell phone charger) continue to draw power and generate heat even when not attached to a device.
Great family home available with 3 spacious bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, large den with fireplace, dining room, finished room in basement for playroom, office or man-cave, ample closets, extra large storage areas including plenty of walk-in attic storage, a 2 car basement garage & a large 2 car detached garage/workshop in the sought after Summer Crest Subdivision! The open floor plan & large kitchen make cooking & entertaining a breeze! Kitchen features lots of cabinets, gas stove, dishwasher, built-in microwave, large eating area & separate dining room! Kitchen opens to a large covered screened deck where you will enjoy entertaining your family & friends or just sit back with a cup of coffee & relax with a good book enjoying the privacy of your backyard. Move in Ready! Main level & upstairs HVACs were replaced in 2015 with Wi-Fi enabled Programable Thermostats. New Carpet and Interior Painted in 2017. New roof 2012. Make plans to see this awesome family home while it is still available.
This content last refreshed on 11/14/2018 7:13 AM. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
Your Shopping Cart will be saved and you'll be given a link. You, or anyone with the link, can use it to retrieve your Cart at any time.
Your Shopping Cart will be saved with Product pictures and information, and Cart Totals. Then send it to yourself, or a friend, with a link to retrieve it at any time.
Our goal is to deliver world-class, cost-effective solutions that will add value to both your business performance and your bottom line. To achieve this goal, we integrate business process, technology and human performance components into customized solutions for our clients. Our consultants will utilize their years of experience and our Best Practices Library to always meet the needs of our clients.
Documentum is the leader in Content Management for over 25 years. The Documentum Platform is a centralized repository that companies use to securely manage all aspects of their information from creation to disposal. Documentum also provides the flexibility and scalability often demanded in highly regulated industries. Documentum’s powerful suite of products empowers users to collaborate, manage, access and distribute their content easily and securely.
Forefront Technologies offers full end-to-end solutions including business requirements gathering, design, configuration, integration, migration, implementation, project management, training services and support. Our goal is to deliver world-class, cost-effective solutions that will add value to both your business and performance and your bottom line. To achieve this goal, we integrate business process, technology and human performance components into the right solutions for our clients. Our consultants will utilize their years of experience and Best Practices Library to always meet the needs of our clients.
Our strengths are in our team’s expert ability to define, implement and support the Documentum suite of products (xCP, D2, RM, RPS, CAPTIVA and InfoArchive)) as well as OpenText’s Brava!, Blazon and Redact-It. Forefront’s consultants have a vast array of experience in Electronic Content Management Systems, each ranging from 10 to 20 years.
Alfresco is the leading Open-Source platform for Enterprise Content Management providing flexible and highly scalable options for customers. Content is accessible wherever and however you work and easily integrates with your other business applications
Alfresco brings content and process together seamlessly and simplifies Information Governance by strengthening compliance by integrating Records Management into Business Processes and automating the complete record life-cycle from capture through retention to final destruction. Its Enterprise-Grade security and scalability allows you to manage high-volume, business critical content by protecting your most valuable business assets.
Forefront Technologies is a strategic Alfresco partner providing software solutions and support for the leading open-source platform. We bring specialized industry experience to support customers in Alfresco end-to-end consulting, integrations, migrations and expanding your Alfresco deployment.
Every project begins with face to face meetings to determine the needs and requirements of the client. As these meetings and user interviews progress, our consultants will ask the right questions to develop a Functional Requirements Document that will ensure the solution meets your immediate and future requirements. Our consultants strive to maintain your project schedule and budget and effectively communicate status, issues and risk via routine status reports and meetings. If the need arises to revise the requirements, our consultants will also follow a refined Change Control Process to ensure the requirements and scope are updated appropriately to minimize scheduling issues.
Once the functional requirements of the solution are documented, our consultants will architect the solution and translate the functional requirements into a detailed Solution Design Document (SDD). This document serves as a “roadmap” for the construction process. Throughout the development life cycle, appropriate unit and integration testing will be performed to mitigate issues during certification and acceptance. Our consultants follow good coding practices and utilize the latest industry standard tools and technologies to construct your solution. After construction and certification of the solution, our Technical Consultants will support you in the deployment and migration in Production.
Forefront Technologies' Professional Services Group is comprised of seasoned IT professionals. Our consulting practice has developed a Solution Delivery Methodology that we appply to each services engagement to ensure consistent, quality results.
Through the Operation Christmas Child ministry, the public is invited to fill one or more shoe-sized boxes with toiletries (comb, hairbrush, toothbrush, washcloth, etc.), toys and games, school supplies, and a Wow! item. The boxes are shipped to children in dire need in more than 100 countries around the world.
The group will depart from First Church at 7 a.m., and arrive home that evening. Participants should pack a lunch, snacks and drinks, and wear comfortable shoes. There is no cost to attend, but participants should bring money for dinner.
Act fast if you are interested! We can only take up to nine people, on a first come first served basis. To sign up or for more information, call or e-mail the church office at 717.766.4611 or office@fumchurch.com.
Members of First Church will participate in the Borough of Mechanicsburg’s annual Tree Lighting Ceremony…
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Notice to learn more. Accept Read More
ADDITIONS in the date-sheet of MBA (Executive)-3rd Semester (Regular/Reappear) Examination being held in December-2016
Click here to view: ADDITIONS: MBA (Executive)-3rd Semester (MBAEX-7113 & 7114) Examination (December-2016)
● Gives a list of all items that match your search criteria and allows you to see what the best thing to do with that item is.
● You can search for Items' Names. It will match any words (either/or), and you can use "double quotes" to search for an exact phrase.
● 'What it's used to make' is the highest % profit item this item is an ingredient in. It will link to the Recipes Tool and display all the other recipes this item is an ingredient in.
There is a crisis of Welsh national identity. It can only be understood by an examination of the two hundred years that have made modern Wales: a history of industrial and urban growth, and, latterly, of decline; of continuous self-definition within, and against, British history and culture.
It is a story too often told with broad over simplification: an identity too often reduced, even within Wales, to cliches and stereotypes.
Here the Welsh experience is unravelled in its true complexity. Breaking with historiographical orthodoxies, the authors, members of the Welsh Labour History Society, Llafur, present a fresh and vivid picture both of the general overview - of class and culture - and of the detail - of nationalism, language, industry and community.
The result is not a new neat uniformity, but a mosaic of insights and understandings that inject a new tone into the writing of Welsh history.
Absaraka's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in absaraka with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in absaraka is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in absaraka. Place the chicken thighs skin side up in a single we co-parent, which has its ups and downs (more another woman he’s dating. My blog site is in the exact same niche as yours this is my first time visit at here and i am in fact impressed to read all at single absaraka nd skylight. Don’t let being a single parent stop you from dating again at eharmony, we do the matching to connect you with genuine compatible singles—join free. Sofaland, galerie foto din categoria bucatarie i like your web site| absaraka nd self storage units scris de absaraka nd self storage units.
Full text of annals of wyoming see other formats. Single parent dating sites are a lot like any other niche sites in that they’re a crapshoot there’s a lot of scams online and you can’t make them all out for every one quality site, there are 10 that are a waste of time and money. Single parents meet login ~~~ free dating site ~~~ { o01e } welcome to single parent dating site the single-parent dating site. Single parents dating 891 likes 76 talking about this date single parents with a similar lifestyle single parent dating site.
The sheridan press e-edition & comics jan 31, 2015 . Companies in new jersey filed on 2/1/2006 - bizapedia absaraka llc hotenough dating, inc. National science foundation: matchmaker email and mailing address web-site address the fusions consist mainly of peptide aptamers and single chain. Your use of the site and services is subject to these policies and terms abram's daughters series (1) absaraka (1) dating (3) daughter of the loom (1). Online dating site for dating single online dating website for single parents find single mums find single dads if you are a single parent and looking.
Your web site got here up, it seems to be good i have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks 投稿者 crorkz 投稿者 antigua & deps lesbian dating website: 2015年. Free single parents dating site for moms and and look forward to seeing you dating right here at america's free dating site and single parent dating. Read our expert reviews and user reviews of 12 of the most popular single parent dating websites here, including features lists, star ratings, pricing information, videos, screenshots and more. Dickinson north dakota singles can easily find a date, dickinson single parent dating absaraka dating adams dating adams county dating adrian dating.
Single parent dating site services for single parents, who do not lose hope for meeting their love create your profile and meet with new people. Search the history of over 327 billion web pages on the internet. Absaraka's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of north dakota single parents and meet people like you through our free absaraka single parent personal ads and online chat rooms.
We would put the album on my parent’s rca-victrola and the party crossed the black hills and made for absaraka, the land of the site details how. #1 dating site for single parents this is the world's first and best dating site for single mothers and fathers looking for a long term serious relationshipwe have helped thousands of single parents like yourself make the connection. Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look.
Browse dickinson north dakota personals for free on jumdatescom, 100% free dating site dickinson single parent dating. Someone who is mature and considerate and who knows what life is like being a single parent well, you have found your dating site for single parent dating. I’m right there in the trenches online at single parents' dating sites and on apps, looking for love and, mostly, try this site single parent meet. Are you a single mom or single dad parents without partners trust singleparentmeetcom to help them succeed at online dating.
The best dating site for single parents in the usa, where moms date dads and singles with kids can find true love dating for single parents usa - single parent dating. Dating with kids join elitesingles for a single parent dating site dedicated to finding you a serious relationship and long-lasting love register today.
China’s new residential will promote block system, no longer build closed residential area – Sohu ne-姉summer
Chinese will promote new residential blocks were no longer built residential areas close to the Sohu news [China will in principle no longer closed residential construction] "the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Further Strengthening the city planning and construction management work of a number of opinions" put forward our country to promote the new residential district, in principle no longer closed residential construction. The built residential district and unit courtyard should be opened step by step to realize the publicity of the internal road, solve the problem of traffic network layout, and promote the use of land. In addition to establish a "city road layout concept of narrow road, road network, road network system construction of expressway, primary and secondary roads and branch reasonable gradation. Urban parks are free to open to residents in principle. There will be more green spaces left in the future". The opinions of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council on Further Strengthening the management of urban planning and construction put forward that we should strengthen the function of green space service for residents’ daily activities, so that citizens can see the green space and close to the green space near the home. Urban parks are open to residents free of charge in principle. A cleaning vacate the illegal occupation of public space.
Terror arrives at the one place we all feel safest in this taut psychological thriller starring Natasha Henstridge. When a wealthy woman and her stepson are targeted by a trio of expert thieves in their remote mansion, her only form of help comes from a call with a security systems specialist. But as the intruders become increasingly hostile and the connection wavers, will she trust him to be her eyes and navigate her to safety?
Please help share and feel free to post it on other sites/forums and spread it to other networks if you want. Please don't remove or replace the tags. Add if you must, but keep the filenames as they are.
Synopsis: A young man begins an obsessive search for his girlfriend after she mysteriously disappears during their sunny vacation getaway. His three-year investigation draws the attention of her abductor, a seemingly mild-mannered professor who, in truth, harbors a diabolically clinical and calculating mind. When the kidnapper contacts the man and promises to reveal his lover’s fate, The Vanishing unfolds with intense precision, culminating in a genuinely chilling finale that has unnerved audiences around the world.
One of the most intriguing things about "The Vanishing" is the film's unusual structure, which builds suspense even while it seems to be telling us almost everything we want to know. -- Roger Ebert
High-low fashion collaborations have been popular for years, offering a way to create buzz for established brands, attract new retail customers and introduce relatively niche designers to the masses. For example, JW Anderson’s new collection for Uniqlo has received a ton of press, while Erdem’s highly anticipated H&M collection is coming to stores next month.
The newest wave of collaborations on our radar, however, is seeing like-minded independent brands working together in innovative, community-building ways. The latest example of this trend? Montreal’s Marie Saint Pierre and Toronto-based footwear brand Zvelle — both celebrated for helping to put Canadian fashion on the map — have come together to launch a pop-up shop in New York’s Soho neighbourhood.
“If you want to pop up for the first time in NYC, then Soho is the place,” says Zvelle founder and creative director Elle AyoubZadeh. “We’ve tested pop-ups since last year, and NYC is a natural step in our expansion. We already ship to the US and we’ve had some demand for a while.”
The collective space, located at 70 Wooster St., features a curated selection of Zvelle’s newest styles, along with ready-to-wear clothing for women and men, handbags, perfume and candles and a limited selection of home furnishings by Marie Saint Pierre. “I have a great deal of respect for Marie Saint Pierre,” says AyoubZadeh. “We have a shared love and passion for craftsmanship and our companies have a number of values in common.”
Although famed for being a kind and supportive bunch, Canadian designers aren’t often associated with bold ambition, making the Zvelle x Marie Saint Pierre partnership all the more compelling. “We’re building Zvelle as the next modern luxury heritage brand, which means I want it to be around long after I am not,” says AyoubZadeh.
The Zvelle x Marie Saint Pierre Pop-Up runs until October 30, 2017 at 70 Wooster Street in Soho, New York City.
Learn to skipper a 20' - 27' sloop-rigged keelboat by day, in light to moderate winds and sea conditions. Learn basic sailing terminology, parts and functions, helm commands, basic sail trim, points of sail, buoyage, seamanship and safety including basic navigation rules to avoid collisions and hazards.
Learn to skipper a sloop-rigged auxiliary powered 25'-35' keelboat by day in moderate winds and sea conditions. Learn cruising sailboat terminology, basic boat systems, auxiliary engine operation, docking procedures, intermediate sail trim, navigation rules, basic coastal navigation, anchoring, weather, safety and seamanship.
Learn how to sail a sloop-rigged, auxiliary powered 30'-45' sailboat during a multi-day cruise upon inland/coastal waters in moderate/heavy winds and sea conditions. Learn about provisioning, boat systems, auxiliary engines, advanced sail trim, coastal navigation, anchoring / mooring, docking, emergency operations, weather, and more.
Person "B" listens to the song (or some of it at least, if they can't stand it), and then posts a very different song from that.
Different as in differing either in genre, style, tempo, rhythm, vocals, instruments, general feel, complexity, etc. etc, or some or all of these.
it would be good if we wouldn't alternate between just two extremes, too (ie. numetal-minimaltechno-numetal-minimaltechno.....), so an additional rule is that no song should be too similar to the one before the preceeding song.
One more thing: you don't have to like the song you post, or hate the previous one, or anything like that.. just be open minded.
I know that song, so that means that I can skip listening to it due to not being able to listen to anything right now, right?
ThingerDudes wrote: The only reasonable amount of Nutella is infinity. Everything else is too little.
Man I love that piece.....i don't exactly agree with this guys interpretation but it is very difficult to play
SALEM, Ore. – The Fish Passage Task Force will meet Friday, Oct. 28 in the Commission Room at the ODFW Headquarters Building, 4034 Fairview Industrial Dr. SE in Salem.
The meeting will be held from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and is open to the public. The agenda includes updates from task force members, vacancy recruitments, updates on the Oregon Department of Transportation (ODOT) culvert repair initiative in western Oregon, and updates on the East Fork of the South Fork Trask River dam removal project.
Reasonable accommodations will be provided as needed for individuals requesting assistive hearing devices, sign language interpreters or large-print materials. Individuals needing these types of accommodations may call the Information and Education Division at 800-720-6339or 503-947-6002 at least 24-hours in advance of the meeting. For more information, call Lisa Kingsley Fish Screening and Passage Programs Assistant, at 503-947-6224.
The Doctor and his companions are enjoying a rare holiday from their travels, resting up in a vacant villa not far from Rome in 64 AD. However, the Doctor soon becomes restless and sets off to visit the city, taking Vicki with him. In their absence, Ian and Barbara are kidnapped by a band of slave traders led by a man named Sevcheria (Derek Sydney) and his deputy Didius (Nicholas Evans).
Having been mistaken for the famous lyre player Maximus Pettulian (Bart Allison) and asked to perform at the Court of the Emperor Nero (Derek Francis), the Doctor is forced to devise ever more elaborate schemes to avoid revealing that he cannot actually play the instrument.
Barbara is presented at a slave auction and bought by Tavius (Michael Peake) as a servant for Nero's wife, the Empress Poppaea (Kay Patrick). Ian is meanwhile sold as a galley slave, but the galley sinks in a storm at sea and he and a Greek friend named Delos (Peter Diamond) manage to escape and make their way to Rome. There he is eventually reunited with Barbara, who is helped to escape by Tavius, now revealed to be an early Christian.
Events reach a climax when, by accidentally setting light to the Emperor's plans for the rebuilding of Rome, the Doctor gives him the idea of having the city razed to the ground. Nero sits playing his lyre while Rome burns around him. The four time travellers escape back to the villa, the Doctor and Vicki knowing nothing of the adventures experienced by Ian and Barbara and vice versa.
Synopsis from Doctor Who: The First Doctor Handbook by David J. Howe, Mark Stammers and Stephen James Walker, reprinted with permission; further reproduction is not permitted. Available from Telos
Ron Tarr (died 1997 aged 60) would be 82 today - 2 credits, including Slave in Destiny of the Daleks
Doctor Who Magazine has confirmed that this year's Chrismas Special of Doctor Who will be shown on New Year's Day 2019.
Doctor Who: The Tsuranga Conundrum had an official rating of 7.76 million viewers, according to figures released by the Broadcasting Research Audience Board, BARB.
There’s a family reunion in The Legacy of Time – Big Finish’s epic new release celebrating 20 years of Doctor Who in Audio. In the fourth story of the deluxe box set, the Fifth Doctor – played by Peter Davison, will be meeting his future daughter Jenny – played by his real-life daughter Georgia Tennant.
Association de la Famille Daigle Membership for 2010 is $10.00 per household. Membership includes bi-annual newsletter - Meetings are held bi-annually,
___ Place a check here if you are interested in receiving the newsletter ONLY via email and NOT through regular mail.
I usually use giclee printing . I have been very happy with the results. Has anyone tried the metal paper printing?
All 1950-1960 1961-1963 1964-1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020-2022
Teaching, Writing, Public Speaking, Research, Higher Education, Books, Publications, Word, PowerPoint, Counseling, Problem Solving, Psychotherapy, Microsoft Word, Editing, Psychology, Nonprofits, Healthcare, Community Outreach, Grant Writing, Blogging, Proofreading, Program Evaluation
Microsoft Office, Management, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Research, PowerPoint, Sales, Leadership, Training, Blogging, Recipe Development, Photography, Content Development, Published Author, Windows, Outlook, HTML, Social Media, Marketing, Social Networking, Social Media Marketing
Child Welfare, Foster Care, Family Services, Community Outreach, Child Advocacy, Crisis Intervention, Social Services
Microsoft Word, Engineering, Construction, Microsoft Office, Contract Negotiation, Construction Management, Project Planning, Project Management, Submittals, Civil Engineering, Contract Management, Process Scheduler, Road, Microsoft Excel
Customer Insight, Social Media Marketing, Advertising, Digital Marketing, Email Marketing, Marketing Communications, Event Management, Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Digital Media, Social Media, Online Advertising, Event Planning, Press Releases, Public Relations, Account Management, Media Relations, Sales, Sales Management, Fundraising
Meaningful Use, PCMH, ACO's, eClinical Works, Certified EHR..., Software Project..., Practice Management, Clinical Content, Business Analysis, Systems Analysis, SharePoint, Visio, Interfaces, Lab Interface- Orders..., EMR, EHR
Teaching, Editing, Curriculum Design, Research, ESL, Copy Editing, Writing, Microsoft Office, Teaching Writing, Creative Writing, Books, Higher Education, Adult Education, Teaching English as a..., Educational Technology, Resume Writing, Academic Writing, Public Speaking, Women's Studies, Smartboard, Turnitin, Academic English, Blended Learning, Business English
Apparel, Textiles, Art Direction, Fashion, Merchandising, Illustration, Sewing, Adobe Creative Suite, Illustrator, Trend Analysis, Creative Direction, Pattern, Sketching, Draping, Fashion Design, Fashion Illustration, Fit, Fitting, Knitwear, Mood Boards, Ned Graphics, Retail, Styling, Textile Design, U4ia, Visual Merchandising, Wovens, Tech Packs, Sportswear, Technical Design, Trend, Trend Forecasting, PDM, Photoshop, Trend Research, Brand Development, Fashion Shows, Layout, Photography, Private Label
Healthcare, Nonprofits, Community Outreach, Non-profits, Program Development, Social Services, Fundraising, Public Speaking, Event Planning, Grant Writing, Data Analysis, Policy, Healthcare Management, Research, Program Management, Leadership, Social Media, Microsoft Office, Access
Fitness, Personal Training, Social Media, Event Planning, Public Speaking, Leadership, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Social Networking
Data Entry, Election Law, Management, Election Worker Training, Voter Registration, Community Outreach, Elections
Civic Engagement, Research, Social Services, Program Evaluation, SPSS, Qualitative Research, Community Outreach, Psychology, Fundraising
Community Outreach, Educational Technology, Spanish, Social Media, Event Planning, Teaching, Higher Education, Fundraising, Training, Grant Writing, Leadership Development, Curriculum Design, Nonprofits, Curriculum Development, Volunteer Management, Program Evaluation, Student Affairs, Program Development, Staff Development, Qualitative Research, Research, Instructional Design, Public Speaking, Grants, Community Development, Resume Writing, Conflict Resolution, Teacher Training, Editing
Anesthesiology, Trauma Anesthesia, Regional Anesthesia, Board Certified, Medical Education, Graduate Medical..., ACLS, BLS, PALS
Case Management, CPR Certified, Psychotherapy, Therapists, Family Therapy, Group Therapy, Grief Counseling, Interviews, Elder Care, Home Care, Community Outreach, Healthcare
PowerPoint, Event Management, Bartending, Restaurants, Cashiering, Telephone Skills, Hospitality, Food Service, Food & Beverage, Microsoft Office, Catering
Epic ASAP - Reporting..., Epic ASAP - Printers..., Epic ASAP - Data Courier, Epic ASAP - Application..., Epic ASAP - Build, Microsoft Office, Event Planning, EMR, Healthcare IT, Epic Systems, Healthcare Information..., Workstations, Couriers
Customer Service, Visual Merchandising, Retail, Store Management, Time Management, Loss Prevention, Merchandising, Retail Sales, Store Operations, Inventory Management, Inventory Control
FDA, Design Control, Validation, V&V, CAPA, ISO 13485, R&D, Medical Devices, Quality System, Quality Assurance, Cross-functional Team..., Technology Transfer, Biomedical Engineering, Product Development, Manufacturing
Digital Strategy, Digital Marketing, Digital Media, Social Media, Online Advertising, Social Media Marketing, Interactive Marketing, Integrated Marketing, Mobile Marketing, Advertising, SEM, New Media, Analytics, Media Planning, Media Buying
Relief Printmaking, Printmaking, Woodworking, Screen Printing, Social Media Measurement, Social Media Strategist, Experian Hitwise, Simmons, Data Analysis, Adobe Creative Suite, Advertising
Teaching Certification..., Certification in..., Certification in..., Sports Coaching, Computer Graphics Design, Web Design, Differentiated..., K-12, Secondary Education, Literacy
Organizational..., Organizational Design, Organizational..., Talent Management, Performance Management, Employee Engagement, Change Management, Leadership, Succession Planning, Onboarding, Leadership Development, Executive Coaching, Mergers & Acquisitions, Culture Change, Workforce Planning, Talent Acquisition, Human Resources, Deferred Compensation, Training, Instructional Design, Employee Relations, Strategy, Program Management, Learning & Development..., Performance Improvement, Management Consulting, Management, Workshop Facilitation, Personnel Management, Employee Training
Digital Media, Digital Strategy, New Media, Digital Marketing, Mobile Advertising, DoubleClick, Rich Media, Social Media, Advertising, Online Advertising, Media Planning, Social Media Marketing, Mobile Marketing, Facebook, Advertising Sales
Public Relations, Marketing, Corporate Communications, Strategic Communications, Philanthropy, Business, Social Media, Leadership, Microsoft Office, Media Relations, Fundraising, Event Planning, Brand Development, Press Releases, Publicity, Social Media Marketing, Facebook, Public Speaking, Social Networking
Career Counseling, Customer Service, Mental Health Counseling, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Management, Research, Leadership
Higher Education, Child Development, Teaching, PowerPoint, Public Speaking, Family Therapy, Childcare, Crisis Intervention, Community Outreach, Mental Health
Creative Writing, Social Media, Copy Editing, Press Releases, Blogging, Journalism, AP Style, Editing, Storytelling, News Writing, Facebook, Event Planning
HTML, Java, Microsoft Office, Social Media, PowerPoint, Social Networking, CSS, C#, Event Planning, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Unix Operating Systems, MySQL, JavaScript, C++, Database Design, Windows 7, Linux, ASP.NET MVC, Web Design, HTML5
Film Production, Video, Graphics, Social Media, Payroll, Marketing, Management, Screenwriting, Microsoft Dynamics GP, Sales Force, Microsoft CRM, Flexera
Customer Service, Event Planning, Social Media, Microsoft Office, Promotions, PowerPoint, Mixologist, Marketing, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Hospitality, Event Management, Customer Satisfaction, Time Management, Hospitality Management, Commercial Real Estate, Real Estate
Photoshop, Hand Drafting, Rendering, Space planning, SketchUp, Microsoft Office, Sketching, 3D rendering, Photography, Art, Concept Design, 3D Studio Max, Sustainability, Construction Knowledge
Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Team Management, Leadership, Creative Writing, SEO, Customer Service, PowerPoint, English, Research, Windows, Outlook, Prezi, Time Management, Management, Training, Public Speaking, Event Planning, Business Strategy, Operations Management, Process Scheduler, Process Improvement, Inventory Management, Higher Education, Social Media, Teamwork, Leadership Development, Marketing, Business Development, Sales, Program Management, Social Networking, Start-ups, Data Analysis, Logistics, Team Leadership, Market Research, Entrepreneurship
Applied Economics, Monetary Economics, Global Finance, Public Speaking, International Economics, Infrastructure, Event Management, Investments, Economics, Finance, Financial Modeling, Event Planning, Operations Management, Research, Leadership, Customer Service, Management, Social Media, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel
Gas Chromatography, GC-MS, FTIR, UV/Vis, Mass Spectrometry, Environmental Testing, LIMS, Spectrophotometry, Colorimetry, Rheology, Pyrolysis, Water Analysis, Air Quality Analysis, HPLC, Hazardous Waste..., Injection Molding, Analytical Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Neurobiology, Molecular & Cellular..., Calculus
Gaslight Heat Services has a 30 day warranty on maintenance and repairs on all appliances that we service. We also have a one year warranty on labor when we install new appliances (fireplaces, furnaces, heat pumps, boilers, hot water tanks, hot water on demands etc.), and the manufacturer usually has a one year warranty on parts.
© 2018 Gaslight Heat Services - fireplaces, furnaces, heat pumps, tankless hot water heaters & boilers in Victoria BC
Easily monitor over 1 billion sources daily including social media, forums, blogs, and the rest of the web. Boolean alerts help you zero in on your brand, competitors, and customers for precise market research.
Nike Solarsoft Black Mens Flash Pink Moccasin Atomic 0 Orange 11 Attract customers, build brand awareness, and improve your reputation online. Connect your social accounts to react directly within Mention or add your Buffer account to schedule posts for later.
Get in-depth brand intelligence tailored to your business. Automated reports make it simple to share results with clients, colleagues, and management, so you can focus on more important work.
Whether you want to see raw volume of social conversations, or specific mentions of your brand name and keywords, our streaming API does it.
‘’Mention saves us hours of work daily by presenting all the information in one neat place. All that data is beautifully presented in exportable reports we can share with our stakeholders.’’
‘’We compared many different monitoring tools, and Mention has the best design, UX, support, and it’s by far the easiest to use.’’
"Our clients are blown away by Mention’s data. They love the beautiful reports we generate with a single click. Also, by monitoring our competitors we identify new opportunities to target."
Cookies help us run this site. By continuing your navigation on our site, pre-selected companies may set cookies or access and use non-sensitive information on your device to serve relevant ads or personalized content.
We are very happy to have you as a student at our university and our ambition is to offer you examination sittings that live up to a high standard. Please read the information below regarding what regulations apply when you are taking an examination.
You must register for the examination sitting 9 working days at latest. The registration is open 30 days. Late registrations are not accepted. If you are using a wireless connection, we cannot guarantee that your registration is recorded correctly. Use a computer with a fixed line. Always make sure that you have received an email confirming your registration. If you do not receive a confirmation, your registration has not been recorded and you must contact the examination unit straight away. In order to be able to register for an examination you must be registered on the course. Please note that following your registration it may take up to 30 minutes before you can see the examination sitting for which you have registered. If you cannot find the examination you are looking for in the examination system, please contact your department.
As from the spring term 2017, written examinations at Linnaeus University are anonymous. This means that your examination is marked anonymously by your teacher/examiner and the results are then registered in Ladok like before. You receive the code you use at the examination sitting when you register for the exam in the central registration system. A confirmation on your registration and your personal code are sent to your student email. You then bring the code with you to the examination sitting and write the code on your examination sheets instead of your name and personal identity number.
I approve the examination regulations at Linnaeus University and pledge to stay informed about and to follow these regulations. Through my approval, I confirm that I today have taken part of the regulations and that I accept them.
4. All registrations for examinations that are to take place during the upcoming week must have been done by 11.59 pm on Tuesday of the week before the week of the examination.
b) Retake/examination that takes place January 2–14, registration on Tuesday the week before the week of Christmas, if Christmas Eve is on a Monday–Thursday. If Christmas Eve is on a Friday–Sunday, registration by Tuesday that same week.
6. Try to register well in advance, that way we will be able to help you if you are experiencing any problems. If you are using a wireless connection when registering, we cannot guarantee that your registration is correctly registered.
7. As soon as you have completed your registration for an examination sitting you will receive a summary of your registration.
8. You must be registered on the course for which you want to register for an examination. Please note that following your registration, it may take up to 30 minutes before you can see your examination sitting.
9. On Wednesday the week before your examination sitting, you will receive an email with information on where (in what room) your examination will take place. Keep in mind that your group may be split and your fellow students may be placed in a different room.
10. When registering, also make sure that you register for the examination in the right city, since some examination sittings are offered in more than one city.
11. You accept the place and time for your examination. You will automatically be unregistered in the city in which you do not want to take the examination.
12. If you do not receive a confirmation on your registration, get in touch with your department as soon as possible.
2. When you take an examination with an anonymisation code, you can always see your code on the registration page for the examination and when you log in to your student email.
1. Arrive well in advance since the ID check is carried out outside the examination room, before the stated time.
2. The identification papers/identity card you bring must be approved and must not be expired. The invigilator will show you to your seat.
4. If you have brought your mobile phone it should be switched off/tucked away during the examination.
5. The examination will start at the stated time and then the door will be shut. No one is allowed to leave the room until 50 minutes after the start of the examination.
Grey Women's Women's Grey Lacoste 217 Lacoste Marice Women's Grey Women's Lacoste 217 217 Marice Lacoste Marice Marice 6. After 45 minutes there will be another admission of people who are registered on the list of participants.
7. If you have not registered, you can be offered a seat after 45 minutes, as far as space allows. Contact the invigilator at the examination sitting concerning a potential seat.
8. If you have not registered but are offered a seat after 45 minutes, you will still have the same finishing time as the other examinees.
Peep Toe Sneakers Women's Heel Shoes up Fall Sneakers Jiang Academy Flat Canvas Spring Soles B Lace Toe Round Light fqCFc7R9. There should be peace and quiet in the examination room, conversations are not allowed.
10. You may not borrow material/aids from another examinee, contact the invigilator in case you need help.
11. You are to fill in the course and test code as well as your anonymisation code on the cover sheet and all loose sheets. This information is to be written in pen.
1. When you leave the examination sitting, you hand in your exam and any scribbled notes and loose sheets you may have used to the invigilator.
4. Once you have handed in your examination sheets and left the room you will not be allowed to reenter to continue taking the examination.
5.Women's Ave Leather Boot Mid Black Aerosoles Fifth Calf fvwqETd You are not allowed to bring any material with you when you leave the examination room.
Canvas Blvd Lace Womens Sneaker West WB Boots Knee Black Up High z4OqnxdSP1. All forms of cheating, for instance, crib sheets, use of mobile phone, conversation with another examinee, unallowed means of assistance, etc. will be reported as cheating.
2. Keep in mind the consequences of cheating. Cheating will result in a report to the disciplinary board, which may result in suspension from both teaching and examination.
If you come from another higher education institution and wish to take your examination at Linnaeus University (Lnu), you must send in a request for a seat at an examination. Fill in "Request to sit an examination at Linnaeus University". Later on, once you have received a decision on seat at examination at Lnu, you/your administrator must fill in the form "Examination information to Linnaeus University". You are responsible for making sure that you know in what room the examination is to take place. Linnaeus University's examination regulations apply for everyone who takes an examination at Linnaeus University. You approve these when filling in "Request to sit an examination at Linnaeus University". Examination sheets are sent in PDF format to tentamen@lnu.se
Examinations information If you come from another higher education institution and wish to take your examination at Linnaeus University (Lnu), you must fill in a request for a seat at an examination. T…
Learning support for your studies Lacoste Grey Marice Women's 217 Grey Marice Lacoste Women's Women's Lacoste Women's Grey Marice 217 Marice 217 Lacoste Marice 217 Women's Lacoste Grey Lacoste Women's Marice Women's 217 217 Marice Women's Grey Marice Lacoste Grey Lacoste If you are a student and have some form of disability, it is possible for you to get pedagogical support during your studies. Examples of such help are, help taking no…
New student services You log in with your Linnaeus student account to access the new student services www.student.ladok.se. On the site you can among other things register for a course, register for an…Yile Fly Pump White London Dress Women's Off Black Grey OOHnS1zp
Arrival Form For International Students The arrival form needs to be submitted if you need the pick up-service provided by Linnaeus University in January, 2017.
PU Flop Shoes Flowered Summer Flip Low Heel Flat 43 Women's Size Color Sandals with Rhinestone A axqA15pww
Linda : Seven young girls sat in a row at the long table in one of the rooms of the historic 1940 Air Terminal Museum at Hobby Airport. Representing three different girls’ scouting groups, and one from OBAP (Organization of Black Aerospace Professionals), the 13-17 year olds had come to spend their Saturday at Future Female Aviators, hosted by the museum. Mike and I had prepared our presentations, an introduction and overview of aviation, and a section on reading aeronautical charts. These girls are amazing! Smart, talented, interesting, attentive, and fun, they were born in an era where the doubt, if there be any, as to the future of commercial aviation, is largely due to the pollution of lawyers, politicians, and the TSA. And drones. But they know nothing of the dark side yet.
How silly it might seem to them if they were to read the debate between British Royal Navy Chief, Captain Alfred Dewar, and United States Navy Admiral Richard Byrd that addressed the question of whether there was any future for aviation, and specifically for commercializing aviation. How could these girls even imagine such a world where that was the question?
When Isaac Leopold Rice founded The Forum in 1885, the magazine that would rank as one of the most popular rags of its 65-year run, competing against Atlantic Monthly and Harper’s Magazine, he couldn’t have known that specific debate would be played out in his publication 43 years later. How could he even imagine such a world where that was the question?
Rice’s periodical gave space to social and political commentary, fluctuating over the years as the tides of consumer interest would change, with some leanings toward poetry and short fiction for a time. But this issue, August of 1928, came out the year after Charles Lindbergh flew across the Atlantic Ocean in the "Spirit of St. Louis", making this debate a perfect fit for his journal.
The Brit, Captain Dewar, presented that the airplane could never deliver reliable, efficient transport and would always be, at it’s very best, "an auxiliary to sea transport." Consumers, he thought, wouldn’t go for the high price of air travel. He’d be blown away by consumers’ reactions to today’s electronic devices. But then again, he totally nailed the Apple crowd: "Every new instrument of man’s invention attracts around it a ring of ardent passionate enthusiasts who paint its future in roseate optimistic hues."
Dewar perceived the economic limitations equal to the limits of natural law, e.g., gravity. That planes must be able to lift their weight plus their load he said was a staggering handicap because ships and trains only had to rely on their engines for propulsion, whereas airplanes were "slaves of the weather" that would have some place in our lives, but not an important place. So the pioneering flights such as Lindbergh’s were, to Dewar, "merely a token of the stern limitations which beset them."
"There is no large and growing future for commercial aviation," he insisted, "because the future will never be much more than the present."
But consider this: Dewar’s own visionary limitations were his real issue. His own myopic handicap limited him to consider only 1,155 horsepower, capable of traveling two hundred miles with fourteen passengers and seven hundred pounds of freight: approximately three pounds of paying load to the horsepower. No wonder he believed air travel was inferior and would never be more than an emergency or supplementary means of movement. His opponents he labeled partisans and the airplane, he said, was well within sight of its zenith; it would carry mail and "those few passengers whom necessity impels to save time at the expense of comfort." Well, he got that last part right at least, when it comes to airlines.
And then there’s Admiral Byrd’s rebuttal. We’ll have that for you next week, but here’s a tease: "When American business joins hands with American aviation, the future of flying is assured." Til then, blue skies.
Get your daily dose of news about what is happening in the search industry. Keep up with the changing trends in the search world.
Ask your family veterinarian to talk about what he or she has found inside the stomachs of dogs and you will be in for an afternoon of stories. For a variety of reasons, our canine pets seem to enjoy gobbling up the oddest things! Recently, a leading manufacturer of veterinary x-ray products held a contest to find the oddest objects. Some of the winners included another Labrador with 14 golf balls in his stomach, a Boxer with 208 rocks of various sizes, a Pit Bull puppy who swallowed an 11 inch steak knife, and a Pug with expensive taste. The 7-month old pup had swallowed his owner's 2-carat diamond ring! The winner of the dog category though went to the Samoyed who had 8 batteries of differing sizes, from a "D" cell all the way down to AAA, a plastic raccoon, 7 rocks, a marble, 2 broken light bulbs, machine parts, and a variety of staples. Many of these pictures can be seen below.
Most amazingly, from the follow up reports, everyone of these pets has done fine and most left their veterinarian's hospital the next day wagging their tails and anxious to head home.
What perplexes many owners, and many veterinarians, is why the dogs are eating these objects in the first place. Some items can be obvious, for example, pieces of glass from a broken spaghetti sauce jar could easily end up in the abdomen of a dog hurrying to finish off the tasty treat. Others, such as the sticks and rocks, are less obvious as to why they were eaten and even more curious is how many of these dogs swallow items without damaging themselves and why they continue the habit.
Keeping the voracious dog from eating all manner of things can be a challenge in itself as well. To keep your pet from making an emergency trip to the animal hospital, veterinarians recommend the following:
Monitor your dog while walking. Many pets will find irresistible treats, such as corn cobs and walnuts, while enjoying the day in the park.
Being proactive and picking up leftover food, utensils, and other items after eating can help to curb the dog's desire as well.
While some of the pictures in this article are amusing and the stories have all ended happily, it is important to remember that these pets underwent painful surgeries. Their owners likely suffered anguish and worry as their dogs were at the veterinary hospital and the retrieval of these items likely cost more than $1000 at each occurrence.
Thrumming synthesizer tones phasing in and out like traffic lines receding in the rearview of a van on a never-ending highway, Jenny Hval peers into the distance. "Dear so-and-so," she addresses her audience, "How small I am." "On the highways, and on the planes / In the cars, and in the malls," Jenny Hval is on the road, and the persisting vastness of everything is claustrophobic in its emptiness.
The final, 13-minute draft of an extended composition Hval and multi-instrumentalist Håvard Volden have been workshopping and improvising through on the Norwegian artist's tours over the past several years, "Drive" is the natural outcome of a touring experiment — a road narrative filled with nagging thoughts about the crushing, penetrating alienation brought on by touring life and the built-in absurdity of delivering intimate music to new sets of strangers every night.
Locked into the plodding holding pattern of Volden's hand drumming, Hval describes her situation in terms of emotional auto-pilot ("The van does the drive for me") while diaristically positioning her displacement within the contexts of patriarchal hegemony and the passive cult of consumerism, but as the track extends over sleek synth chords, a shaker and an acerbic kick track take hold at the piece's climax, Hval's monologue coils tighter into self-critique, every thought punctuated with hammering electricity.
Struck by the implications of having requested audiences to cry with her, she asks, "Isn't that just manipulation?" and considers the authority of Hollywood movies, arena concerts, and eventually her own stage, scrutinizing every kiss in the rain and every time the lights illuminate a string section before considering her own positionality as a performer on a stage raised above her audiences, if even only slightly.
For all those manipulating trespasses and the unplaceable feelings they provoke, she prescribes emotional labour as grounding self-care, instructing listeners to continually evaluate: "Who does your feeling?"
Although originally conceived and created in and for a different context than "Drive," 11-minute companion piece "Accept" (originally recorded four years ago by Volden) complements the former's formalism with an avant-psychedelic eruption of paisley-free expression unfiltered by language or form, Hval's mostly non-verbal vocalisations growing from whooping calls to dizzyingly elongated cries as the piece graduates from ambient textures and nature sounds to chiming guitar noise and bludgeoning free-jazz drumming, its single, hypnotically repeated lyric hitting like a meditation affirmation in favour of the self-questioning message Hval landed on at the end of the first track: "Accept the risk." It's less arresting than "Drive," but in its own droning way, it's visceral and emotionally probing just the same, all the while circumventing the manipulations of "Drive" and giving listeners their own landscape to project their associations on.
It's a high-minded statement of art music that's indebted to the moment, but as the duo indicates in a press statement, these compositions can't and won't be replicated again live in the foreseeable future. But packaged under the Lost Girls moniker (apart from credits on Hval's solo recordings, Volden has previously released music with her as Nude on Sand), Feeling brings within reach and makes malleable private, unknowable feelings, and for now, that means a lot. (Smalltown Supersound)
Today, we are talking about your PCV valve. The PCV Valve is a little, inexpensive part that does a big job for Placentia motorists. PCV stands for Positive Crankcase Ventilation.
The crankcase is the bottom area of the engine that holds the oil. When the Mercedes – Lexus engine’s running, fuel is burned to generate power. Most of the exhaust from combustion goes out through the exhaust system. But some exhaust blows by the pistons and goes into the lower engine, or crankcase.
These hot gases are about seventy percent unburned fuel. This can dilute and contaminate the oil, leading to damaging engine oil sludge. It can also cause Mercedes – Lexus engine corrosion, something we see occasionally at Exclusive Motors. At high speeds on Placentia freeways, the pressure can build up to the point that gaskets and seals start to leak.
Back in the old days, vehicle manufacturers simply installed a hose that vented these gases out into the atmosphere. But starting in the 1964 model year, environmental protection laws required that these gases be recycled back into the air intake system to be mixed with fuel and burned in the Mercedes – Lexus’s engine.
This is much better for air quality and improves fuel economy also. (Budget-conscious Placentia motorists take note!) The little valve that performs this important function is the PCV valve. The PCV valve lets gases out of the engine, but won’t let anything back in. Over time, the vented gases will gum up the PCV valve and it won’t work well. That can lead to all of the problems I’ve already described, oil leaks, excessive oil consumption and decreased fuel economy.
Fortunately, it’s very easy to test the PCV Valve at Exclusive Motors in Placentia and quick and inexpensive to replace. Even so, it’s often overlooked because many Placentia motorists don’t know about it. Check your Mercedes – Lexus owner’s manual or ask your Exclusive Motors service advisor. If this is the first time you’ve heard of a PCV valve, you might be in line for a replacement.
There’s another aspect to the PCV system. In order for the valve to work correctly, it needs a little clean air to come in. This is done through a breather tube that gets some filtered air from the engine air filter. Now some vehicles have a small separate air filter for the breather tube called the breather element. That’ll need to be replaced at Exclusive Motors when it gets dirty.
Please ask your Friendly Placentia service advisor about your PCV valve. For the price of a couple of burger combo meals in Placentia, you can avoid some very pricey engine repairs.
In Perugia, in the heart of Umbria, the metropolitan style of Hotel La Meridiana welcomes its guests in a New York's loft atmosphere , surrounded by the green of the panoramic garden surrounding it, with a stunning view of the city, where to spend pleasure or work.
Its modern and minimalist furnishings favor color contrasts such as black matched with wood recalling metropolitan industrial spaces.
A refined and minimalist atmosphere combined with a friendly and discreet atmosphere that is well suited for hosting meetings, ceremonies and special events to be enjoyed in the restaurant of Il Vespertino Restaurant, in the panoramic garden or by the pool, delighted by the delicacies of Umbrian cuisine.
Please note our company is not and does not represent itself as being RCI, Interval International or Diamond. Any resorts offered on this website are promoted via direct contracts either with the resorts directly or an external marketer.
Catherine Ketch meets the founders of AHAR, an animal rescue service giving a home to unwanted horses.
As the fate of unwanted Irish equines continues to headline, one animal rescue centre stands at the threshold of a 21-year dream — a state-of-the-art equine rescue centre.
Four years ago Suzanne saved me from a life of hell. I was tied in a dark shed with a tight chain, so tight my skin had grown over it. She came in to the darkness and cut me free, the pain roared through my weak body while she held my face and […]
Scarlett Dunscombe-Berry, our adopted AHAR kid from the UK collected, half a black bag of dog collars and leads. Christmas is starting to look good for all the animals of AHAR.
Christmas came early at AHAR today thanks to this carload of gifts donated from the one and only Jean Rowan.
There was a lovely dog bed and blanket filled to the brim with dog treats of every description, a bag of goodies for Suzanne, a framed print of The Three Kings, a box of biscuits […]
Following intense deliberations our judging panel have come to a decision, and unanimously chosen Suzanne Gibbons as the Calor Community Champion 2013. Suzanne is a very worthy winner, having also topped the public poll with over 9,000 votes. Suzanne can give a bursary of €7,500 to a charity or local organisation of […]
The Marlay Craft Fair hosts a range of Irish Crafts, hand made here in Ireland. If you are looking for true handmade goods this is the fair to come to in Dublin.
Set in the superb Marlay House within the grounds of Marlay Park in Rathfarnham, this is truly a wonderful […]
This year’s Flora Mini Marathon we are linking in with Team Petmania, our adoption partners in Tralee – see details below on how to register. Format to operate as follows: Person registers with Flora Mini Marathon (online or via Evening Herald) Person decides that they want to join Team Petmania Log on to Petmania and […]
Following a complaint to Kerry's Veterinary Inspector from someone who "heard" bad things about AHAR we received the following... "Tim Kelliher SVI , Paddy Fenton (local authority county vet) and myself visited animal welfare org. AHAR / Susanne Gibbons and found NO animal welfare concerns or issues. While a number of structural improvements to the […]
Archives Select Month October 2017 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 April 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 June 2011 May 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010
We have two new dogs for you all to meet tonight that need our help. First is Betty. She is 3 yrs old and as you… https://t.co/MATo3cn5RF
Thank you to everyone who donated towards the supplies we needed. All this was waiting for us just now to collect xx
Post your experiences dealing with the VA Disability Filing Process for GWS, issues with VA diagnoses, and so on.
This forum will feature our reviews of books and films that anyone interested in Operation Desert Storm will want to read and see.
This area will be used to provide links and a brief description/review of sites that have valuable information related to Desert Shield/Storm.
In the sleeves of a school in Pujiang Han ancient apprentice ceremony school restoration-steam_api.dll
The United States worried that Chinese stock market manipulation lawmakers demanded strict trial in -gamelink →
Subscribe below to be kept informed of happenings in and around Gympie, the northern part of the Sunshine Coast.
angular speed of each particle about the axis JD decreases when the particle is receding from this axis. The angular motion about the axis JD of each particle in the quadrant ODG is decelerating away from the reader (accelerating toward the reader), while the motion of each particle in the quadrant OJA is accelerating away from the reader. Thus, each particle in the quadrant ODG is acted upon by an external force toward the reader, while each particle in the quadrant OJA is acted upon by a force away from the reader.
The resultant of the forces acting on all the particles in the quadrant OAD is represented by the line F,, Fig. 37. The resultants of the forces acting on the particles in each of the other three quadrants are represented by the lines of equal length, F2, F3 and F4, respectively. These forces tend to turn the spin-axle about an axis AG in the direction indicated by the arrow-head marked wp.
It has now been shown that whenever an external torque is applied to a symmetrical unconstrained spinning body, the spin-axis tends to become parallel to the torque-axis, and with the direction of spin in the direction of the torque.
If the unconstrained spinning body be acted upon simultaneously by more than one torque, then the spin-axis tends to set itself parallel to the resultant torque.
In the case of a wheel mounted so that there is a fixed angle between the spin-axis and the torque-axis, the torque-axis retreats from the advancing spin-axis. The spin-axis continues to move in the direction to make it become parallel to the torque-axis, but it cannot become parallel on account of the rigidity of the connection between the wheel and its supporting frame.
31. Precession. - In the preceding Article it has been shown that when a symmetrical unconstrained spinning body is acted upon by an external torque about an axis perpendicular to the spin-axle, the spin-axle will rotate about an axis perpendicular to the axes of spin and of torque. For example, with the directions of spin and of external torque as indicated by the arrows labeled hs and L in Fig. 38, there would be a rotation of the spin-axle about the axis AG in the direction indicated by the arrow labeled wp. It will now be shown that this rotation of the spin-axle develops an internal torque that is in opposition to the applied external torque.
Because of the angular velocity wp, a particle in the semicircle ADGO is approaching the reader, and a particle in the semicircle GJAO is receding from the reader. A particle at either A or G has zero linear velocity and maximum linear acceleration perpen
dicular to the face of the wheel. A particle at either D or J has maximum linear velocity and zero linear acceleration perpendicular to the face of the wheel.
While a particle of the wheel is moving from A to D its inertia opposes the increase of its linear velocity toward the reader by an internal force directed away from the reader. This force is maximum when the particle is at A and zero when it is at D. Thus, all particles from A to D are urged away from the reader. As a particle of the wheel goes from D to G, its inertia opposes the
toward the observer. Thus, all particles from D to G are urged toward the reader. As each particle goes from G to J its inertia opposes the increase of linear velocity away from the observer, and hence each particle from G to J is urged toward the observer. As each particle goes from J to A, its inertia opposes the diminution
of linear velocity away from the observer by a force away from the observer. Consequently, the angular velocity about the axis AG develops an internal torque about the L-axis that is in opposition to the external torque about the same axis.
The resisting torque developed when a spinning symmetrical unconstrained body is acted upon by an external torque about an axis perpendicular to the spin-axis, is called gyroscopic resistance or gyroscopic torque. Gyroscopic torques are internal couples which change the direction of the spin-axle without performing work on the body. The angular motion of the spin-axle accompanied by a resisting torque is called precession. The axis about which the spin-axle rotates is called the axis of precession. The angular velocity of the spin-axle about the axis of precession is called the precessional velocity. The precessional velocity is constant when the external torque is of the same magnitude as the internal gyroscopic torque. The external torque that produces or maintains precession is called the precessional couple or precessional torque.
which each contestant rolls a heavy gun wheel around a course. Show that, if the man is running alongside the wheel with the wheel on his right side,
Signal processing tools are presented from an intuitive geometric point of view which is at the heart of all modern signal processing techniques. Student will develop the mathematical depth and rigor needed for the study of advanced topics in signal processing.
Sampling and Interpolation (sampling and interpolation with finite-dimensional vectors, sequences and functions)
Compressed sensing and finite rate of innovation (overview and definitions, reconstruction methods and applications)
Mar 2017Apr 2017May 2017Jun 2017Jul 2017Aug 2017Sep 2017Oct 2017Nov 2017Dec 2017Jan 2018Feb 2018Mar 2018Apr 2018May 2018Jun 2018Jul 2018Aug 2018Sep 2018Oct 2018November 2018Dec 2018Jan 2019Feb 2019Mar 2019Apr 2019May 2019Jun 2019Jul 2019Aug 2019Sep 2019Oct 2019Nov 2019Dec 2019Jan 2020Feb 2020Mar 2020Apr 2020May 2020Jun 2020
In this chapter Charlotte discusses some basics related to teaching English, French & Latin. She states that it is better that a child should begin with a sentence and not with the parts of speech, that is, he should learn a little of what is called analysis before he learns to parse. Or said even more simply, he should learn to get the gist of things before being bogged down with the nitty gritty.
The basic method she mentions is listening with narration, other activities being added along the way. When it does come to parsing, much of the grammar of each language seems to be picked up through narration and/or pointed out naturally at first, advancing in detail with further learning. The teaching of these multiple languages seems to correlate and so contribute to the mastery of comprehension and grammar of all.
Which seems absolutely brilliant to me as I have seen the beauty of that correlation and contribution in teaching my own kids. Teaching Latin and a foreign language at the same time as going over the basics of English grammar, around year 5 or 6 I about shouted out loud as I saw all the lights come on. VERY fun.
Also not surprisingly, we once again find attention a major power in education, especially in acquiring a new language:
"This hitherto unused power of concentrated attention in the study of languages whether ancient or modern appears to hold promise of making us at last a nation of linguists." Vol. 6, pg. 213
I was encouraged by the simplicity of lessons described in the chapter. While I think she left a lot unsaid, I do think the simplicity shouldn't be compromised. Based on what I've learned from past attempts and in the mean time, I'm looking forward to improving the aspect of language development around here. ;) To read more of CM's own words, click here.
This has been another 'thinking out loud' post, along the lines of chapter 10, section II:II of CM's Homeschooling Series, Volume 6, Towards a Philosophy of Education. Did you know that the Charlotte Mason Blog Carnival is going through this volume systematically? Interested? Check out recent posts and the schedule for future posts here.
"Bob Woodward's just-released statement, suggesting that on June 27, 2003, he may have been the reporter who told Scooter Libby about Joseph Wilson's wife, blew a gigantic hole in Patrick Fitzgerald's recently unveiled indictment of the vice president's former chief of staff......
"...Given Mr. Woodward's account, which came to light after the Libby indictment was announced, that he met with Mr. Libby in his office — armed with the list of questions, which explicitly reference 'yellowcake' and 'Joe Wilson's wife' and may have shared this information during the interview — it is entirely possible that Mr. Libby may have indeed heard about Mrs. Plame's employment from a reporter. Given the fact that the conversations in issue — the one with Tim Russert and the one with Bob Woodward — were separated by less than two weeks, and that officials like Mr. Libby juggle literally hundreds of matters on a daily basis, it is entirely plausible that he confused the two reporters."
I heard an excerpt from an old interview with Woodward on NPR while driving around yesterday. It further shed light on why Woodward held onto this information: he just didn't think it was that big a deal.
This for sale by owner (FSBO) property was originially listed with . To contact the seller of this Columbus, Ohio home for sale, visit the original website listing.
Reflections on the motherland, the state of being Italian-American, and literature Italian-American and otherwise
Bitter Spring is an excellent biography – agile, detailed, thoughtful and, while full of serious scholarship, a zip to read. (In January, it was nominated for a National Book Critics Circle award.) Given Silone’s ultimate unknowableness – his wife Darina herself said that he “was – under certain aspects – a mystery even to me” – the fact that it doesn’t claim to be “the” biography but “a life” seems like the right approach to take. For me, some of the richest parts of the book come from Pugliese’s interviews with Darina who, lucky for us, lived until 2003. Pugliese was able to get amazing access to her, and some of her comments are almost embarrassing in their frankness. Reading the book, I somehow pictured Professor Pugliese buying armloads of fruit and flowers at the Campo de’ Fiori, in the shadow of the brooding statue of Giordano Bruno, to take across town to the widow Silone. (By the way, I’ve not met Professor Pugliese and I’d already read and enjoyed his book when he sent a comment to this blog.)
An amazing person and brilliant mind in her own right, Darina Laracy met Silone in Switzerland in 1941. Dublin-born, unhappily Catholic-school-educated – as a teenager she was busted by the mother superior for reading Pascal’s Pensées – ours is not to think – Laracy was seventeen years Silone’s junior, and in her mid-twenties when they met. She was a student of language, a seeker, a critic of “Irish parochialism,” and invariably described in terms such as “tall, handsome, auburn-haired and vivacious.” In Milan when Italy entered WWII, she was harassed by the Italian police and approached by the Gestapo and British military intelligence, both of which tried to press her into service as a spy. She was eventually expelled from Italy, and landed in Zurich, where Silone first saw her in a library.
Silone ends up inviting her to tea at the villa where he was staying; but when she shows up, instead of rushing down to meet her:
Silone made Darina wait for thirty minutes in the parlor; she passed time petting a large German shepherd guard dog. Silone, watching this scene, was entranced: the dog was usually ferocious around strangers. (Silone later confessed that he himself had at first been terrified of the dog.)
He sounds a little creepy, right? When he finally does show himself, in a blue velvet jacket (!), they have an awkward conversation and she volunteers her services for the Italian Resistance – which Silone really has no hook-up with at this point. He refuses her offer, conversation dies, and he gallantly asks her why she came if she has nothing to say. He ends up thinking she is a spy, while she ends up thinking Silone – whose book Fontamara she had “devoured in one sitting” as a seventeen-year-old back in Ireland – is a “frightful bore”:
But something must have gone all right, because they end up marrying three years later. It’s abundantly clear that the marriage was not a very successful one:
Darina believed that Silone married her seeking happiness, but that, in the end, “he was not capable of finding happiness.” He was, she thought, suffering not only from depression but perhaps schizophrenia as well. At times, he could be “horrible,” even when not in a depression; “he had no talent at all for human relationships.” He could often be cruel, as when he would not permit her to renew her passport or when he was casual about his extramarital affairs. He sometimes told people, “I couldn’t leave the poor, mad thing.” With a frankness, and steely resolve in her voice, Darina admitted that her marriage to Silone was “difficult.”
Reading this was all very dispiriting to me; not only hearing how strange and cruel Silone was to his wife, but the chilling words, “he had no talent at all for human relationships” – human relationships being the thing the characters in his books so often seek. There is another particularly deflating couple of paragraphs in Pugliese’s chapter on Darina:
Silone and Darina had many differences. She had an innate love of animals. Silone, like many people from the countryside, had no particular love for animals, except donkeys, and refused her many requests for pets. It became a point of contention that Silone tried to defuse by sending her a photo of a teddy bear in March 1952 with the following on the reverse:
My best wishes for your birthday brought to you by this teddy bear. But, as you well know, he is mute, it’s only an image. If, though, you welcome him warmly and you look at him for a while, you will clearly feel that one ineffable thing [quell’unica cosa indicibile] that he is charged with making you understand.
It must have been some pretty cold comfort, getting not a live pet, nor an actual teddy bear, but a photo of a teddy bear as a birthday gift from your husband, with a note signed “Yours, I.S.” (it reminded me of a scene in the squirm-inducing film The Squid and the Whale, when the hideous writer-dad signs a book for his own son: “Best wishes, Bernard Berkman (Dad)”). Reading Silone’s note, it’s hard not to think that Silone sees himself as the teddy bear in the photo: mute, needing attention; with something to communicate if only you will give him the time! Perhaps like the character in Margery Williams' children’s book The Velveteen Rabbit, he needs love to make him real. Unlike the Velveteen Rabbit, however, Silone did not seem to know how to deal with any sort of love.
Later in the chapter on Darina there is a jarring, tantalizing moment when Pugliese suddenly slips into the first person:
My first thought on entering the apartment on via Villa Ricotti to interview Darina Silone was that I was trespassing into Plato’s Cave. This feeling has haunted me for years as I sought to distinguish between “truth” and the shadows thrown upon the back wall of that cave. Not that I ever felt Darina Silone was insincere or seeking to hide embarrassing details of their life together: on the contrary, she was quite open in her remarks and willing to answer difficult questions. But I had a sense that memory here could be a tricky ally in writing a biography.
Certainly we should all know about the subjective nature of “truth” by now, having lived through post-modernism, but it’s refreshing to read these words in this era of dead certainties, where people seem increasingly allergic to ambiguity. More on this below, in talking about the caso Silone.
[On a sort of related note, right now I’m reading The Unredeemed Captive, John Demos’ account of an abduction in pre-Revolutionary America. This is a wonderful book – part adventure story, part scholar-detective document, part (do people still say this?) revisionist history. Demos writes delicious, compelling prose that rushes forth in highly textured detail; he can’t wait to tell you this story. (Also, he’s a big fan – like me, for better or worse – of the em dash.) The idea of hard-and-fast “fact” is destabilized right from the start, when Professor Demos leads off his preface with the question: “Where does the story begin?” and then answers this question with a series of sections starting “Perhaps it begins with…”, positing all the different factors that had a bearing on the French and Indian raid on Deerfield, Massachusetts that led to the abduction.
Similar, in a way, is Luc Sante’s memoir The Factory of Facts, which has a thrilling, bravura opening chapter called “Résumé” in which Sante introduces a simple paragraph about the circumstances of his birth and early childhood and then repeats it, with increasingly odd factual and stylistic mutations, nine times.
The Factory of Facts, with its thematically perfect touch-me/buy-me/read-me-now jacket by Barbara de Wilde
Sante, who gets the Susan Sontag prize for having his finger in the pie of everything cool, of course wrote Low Life, a book with the purplest of prose but one very close to my heart. Every last New York hipster read this book when it came out in the 1990s. A story here! A few years ago when my husband Damian and I were getting our wedding bands in one of the jewelry exchanges on the Bowery, I noticed there was an old photo of the place, taken before the El was torn down, hanging in the stall. I admired it aloud to the nice man selling us the rings, a man who reminded me somewhat of a younger version of my Uncle Mim – he of the oddly missing fingers – and the fellow told me the store had been owned by his family for several generations. He had a great old-school accent and it was with this accent, not the kind you might find in, for example, the Brown University Modern Culture & Media Department, that he told me there was a great book about old New York, called Low Life – had I heard of it? And I thought, if Luc Sante knew a guy like you – the real McCoy – read his book, I bet he’d jump for joy.]
Darina had invited me for an interview with warm words of praise for my first book. Our first meeting in the Silone apartment in Rome, though, was not an overwhelming success. Silone’s dark study remained off-limits, a sort of sanctuary where I was not invited to venture. A surreptitious peek revealed it decorated with memento mori: there were photos of Romolo, Benedetto Croco, Martin Buber, Gaetano Salvemini on his deathbed, Lazar Shatzkin (a Russian Jewish friend who had committed suicide), Simone Weil, and Piero della Francesca’s Resurrection. When Darina asked whether I spoke French and I answered truthfully that I did not, I caught a glimpse of disappointment in her eyes.
And suddenly we are in something approaching Aspern Papers-like territory, with the author confessing to actually opening a door that had been closed to him. This moment is brief, however, since Darina appears to begin confiding in the author pretty quickly.
She comes across as a complex, moody person in the book; she also seems like she has nursed many wounds for many years and has just been waiting for this moment to talk about them. On one hand, she positioned herself to be the “custodian of [Silone’s] work and memory” after his death; and she also helped translate that work. “Yet in interviews,” Pugliese writes, “she could be frank and even a bit mischievous. Once, when commenting – not for the first time – on Silone’s resistance to learning English and his difficulty with the language, she said, ‘He had trouble understanding and pronouncing certain English words; words like truth, for example.’” At some point in life Darina seems to have located her spiritual home as India, and she traveled there and became friends with Indira Gandhi. “It was only after Silone’s death, which she somehow sensed as a belated gift of liberation, that she then threw herself into various political and cultural movements and repeatedly visited India.” One wonders, given a mind like hers, if she’d wanted to do other things – perhaps even write fiction herself – and the unliberated life she led with Silone made such an idea impossible.
When people wonder in print why there are so few great women writers/artists/composers – besides wanting to counter this tired question with many others, one of them being just who’s keeping score here? – I find it amazing that so few talk about the obvious: that it’s (still) usually the woman who runs the household, cooks the meals and, perhaps most time-consuming, strokes the ego of the man in her life. I had a friend years back who was an editor at Harper’s; one of her writers, a famous dude, was late in delivering something and she called him up. His wife was out, Famous Dude shrieked at her, and he was all in a tizzy – how was he supposed to get anything done? He had to take care of the kids and make the food and the phone kept ringing – just what did they expect of him? On the flip side of this coin, in a 2008 New Yorker Festival interview with Deborah Treisman, Alice Munro – one of my all-time favorite writers, praise her to the skies! – Munro said that when she first started publishing, a local paper ran a story about her with this headline: “Housewife Finds Time to Write Short Stories.”
Darina Silone actually finished Silone’s last novel for him, a work published posthumously as Severina. Iris Origo calls the book a “patchwork,” and writes about it at some length in her Silone essay in A Need to Testify. The book was pieced together, “partly in Silone’s own words, partly in those which Darina used, during his illness, to bind together disconnected or incomplete passages” (the process is described in “The History of a Manuscript,” an explanatory section Darina added to the end of Severina – which I don’t think has been translated into English). Silone was very ill, and:
...he wanted desperately to finish [the book] and fortunately did not realize in his nursing home that he was suffering from agrafia – a disease described in a medical dictionary consulted by Darina as ‘an incapacity to express one’s thoughts in writing… The patient retains or recovers the capacity to form single letters or words, but – though he is not aware of this – their combination is meaningless.’ ‘In his last afternoon,’ Darina wrote, ‘he began to write in a great hurry, looking very happy. When, later on, I gathered up my courage and looked at those last pages, I found that he had recovered his own handwriting and the words were all legible…It was almost possible to catch their meaning. Unfortunately, only almost.’
Origo tells us that Darina used some passages from the first Italian edition of The Seed Beneath the Snow to flesh out some of the chapters, while “For Chapter 11 she invented – perhaps unnecessarily – a whole scene.” I find those words pretty tantalizing. Was Darina just suturing up gaps in the narrative; or was she making some point, evening some score? The scent of frustration runs through so much of Darina’s life, from stories about how annoyed she was with Silone for not acknowledging that she had introduced him to the work of Charles de Foucauld and Simone Weil, to her description of the apartment in Rome where they lived out their life together as a “poky, horrible little flat where no sunlight ever comes.” (They had been offered a better apartment by a government entity Silone was working with at the time, but Silone was “horrified when Darina pointed out the fine print in the original contract: After twenty years of paying a mortgage, they could own the property outright. ‘No, it’s impossible!’ Silone raged. ‘Me, a capitalist? Never!’”)
I found myself so engaged by Darina, in fact, that I ended up feeling someone should write a biography about her. Or perhaps Francine Prose will write a second volume of The Lives of the Muses – a pretty profoundly depressing book about (just to be a bit reductive here) men sucking the life out of the women who inspire them – and devote a chapter to Darina, and her influence on Silone’s writing. About such inspiration, Pugliese writes:
One scholar has detected a maturation and fuller development of his female characters between the three “Abruzzo” novels written before 1944 and their subsequent revisions after the war. In the postwar rewrites, the female protagonists are more developed, are more central to the plot, and have their own dynamic function lacking in the earlier version. One cannot help thinking that the indomitable personality of Darina Laracy might have had something to do with this fuller development.
Bitter Spring also provides a very even-handed exploration of the infamous, and still raging caso Silone.
I well remember the moment in 2000 when I opened The New Yorker and saw a picture of Silone, slumped in a café chair and looking like a defeated Maytag repairman. The title of the accompanying essay was “The Spy Who Failed,” and it was written by the well-respected journalist Alexander Stille. What on earth was going on here? When I got to the second paragraph of the essay, I slumped in my own chair as I read:
In recent years, however, researchers have begun to turn up documents in police archives which strongly suggest that Silone, in the decade before he became a writer, acted as an informant for the Fascist police.
The essay went on to discuss the “incriminating documents,” published in L’Informatore, a book written by Italian historians Dario Biocca and Mauro Canali, and how supporters of Silone refused to even read the documents: “‘I wouldn’t believe in the truth of these documents even if Silone rose from the tomb and confirmed them,’ Indro Montanelli, the highly respected editorialist for the Milan newspaper Corriere della Sera, has written.” By the end of the essay, however, I was convinced that Silone had been an informant, and I was too disgusted by my paisano hero being knocked off his pedestal to take in any of the nuances of Stille’s essay. I was even ticked off at Stille for writing the essay! (Among many other books, Stille wrote one of my all-time favorite books about Europe in the WWII era, Benevolence and Betrayal: Five Italian Jewish Families Under Fascism – an incredibly moving book that almost stops your heart at times, its chapters syncopating between families who had members who perished in the Holocaust, and families whose members had miraculous escapes.) Stille’s New Yorker essay, in an expanded form, provides the introduction for the Steerforth edition of the Abruzzo Trilogy, and so anyone who reads it will then read the books filtered through Stille’s conclusions about Silone’s guilt.
But after reading Bitter Spring, the issue seems much less easily put to bed. The spying charge is a questioning thread running through the entire book, and culminates in a final chapter, “Silvestri” (Silone’s apparent code name), which provides an exhaustive discussion of the caso Silone. It seems that for every incriminating “fact” there is its counteracting explanation. For one, Pugliese is not convinced that all the letters unearthed were written by Silone (or “Silvestri”); and the letters often have no addressee, and “might not be interpreted as spying reports.” Also, Biocca’s initial essay was published in a journal “founded by Renzo De Felice, the dean of historians of fascism, often accused of a ‘rehabilitation’ of Mussolini and his regime.” The central document, reproduced in full in Pugliese’s book and in a truncated form in the New Yorker essay, is heavy and strange. As Pugliese writes, for those convinced of Silone’s guilt it is the “smoking gun” while for those who believe in his innocence “it is proof of Silone’s moral crisis in attempting to mitigate [by acting as, or perhaps pretending to act as, a spy] the fate of his younger brother” – Romolo, who had been imprisoned for two years at the time the letter was written. In the letter, which was written to police official Guido Bellone, Silvestri is signing off; but signing off from exactly what is of course not clear. One of the most commented-upon sections is the following:
…I am writing this last letter so that you won’t prevent my plan, which will take place in two phases; first, eliminate from my life everything that is falsehood, duplicity, equivocation, mystery; second, begin a new life, on a new basis, in order to repair the wrongs that I have done, in order to redeem myself, to help the workers, the peasants (to whom I am tied with every fiber of my heart), and my country.
From here he would leave Italy for Switzerland, where he would go on to become Ignazio Silone, writer. The Silvestri chapter in Bitter Spring is fascinating and meticulous, and Pugliese leaves no stone unturned in trying to find answers. The play-by-play of reasons for and against is almost like watching a tennis match. He posits theories, unspools them, chases them down, ask questions; and ultimately leaves it to the reader to decide. In the end we are left with no definite answer, no final “truth.” The chapter ends:
Late in life, Silone intriguingly revealed in an interview that “there is a secret in my life; it is written between the lines of my novels.” Was he referring to his relationship with Bellone or something else entirely? With most of the protagonists in this most recent controversy long dead, we may never really untangle the mystery…. The answer – if there is one – lies, like Silone, somewhere in the no-man’s land between hagiography and the archives.
And so we finally leave my cugino del cuore, there in his grave on the hill of Pescina, just about an hour’s drive, if one takes the autostrada, from the place where my Abruzzese forebears hailed. (My favorite leg of the trip as provided by Yahoo Maps being: Make a Sharp Right Turn on STRADA FOSSO DELL'INFERNO.) Darina Laracy Silone is far away from the Ditch of Hell, however. At her request, after she died, Darina’s sisters scattered her ashes over the Irish Sea.
You may also be interested in Dario Biocca’s “Silone. La doppia vita di un italiano” (Rizzoli, Milan 2005), the biography that a few years ago re-opened the caso Silone - and that Prof. Pugliese hardly quotes in his new book.
In “La doppia vita” you will find dozens of (Fascist) police documents, not just one or two incomplete reports. You will also find copies of many handwritten letters that Silone sent to Police inspector Guido Bellone providing sensitive information on the secret organization of the Italian Communist Party since 1923. Prof. Pugliese chose to ignore these documents.
The true story of Silvestri, I am afraid, is quite different from the friendly and sympathetic version presented by Prof. Pugliese; it is also significantly more difficult to comprehend and even tragic. Reading police documents is often a disturbing experience but, fortunately, the past is entirely independent from our own wishes, political opinions or expectations.
The notion that the journal Nuova Storia Contemporanea attempts to rehabilitate Mussolini and his regime sounds like an insult to me and to all those who have contributed articles, essays and book reviews. Please check the authors’ names, please check NSC’s editorial board and its academic/historiographical credentials.
For the record: I have no sympathy for Fascism, I never did and I never will. I was trained at UC Berkeley, the most liberal of all US academic institutions. Please do not spread ideologically-motivated nonsense regarding NSC – or myself. I would be truly grateful.
It was a thrill to get your email – thank you for taking the time to write. The sentence I wrote that you refer to in the last two paragraphs of your response is this:
Also, Biocca’s initial essay was published in a journal “founded by Renzo De Felice, the dean of historians of fascism, often accused of a ‘rehabilitation’ of Mussolini and his regime.”
I am quoting from Professor Pugliese’s book, and in fact the charge of “rehabilitation” of Mussolini refers to the work of Renzo De Felice, not NSC. I don’t know that anyone would dispute that De Felice’s views on fascism were controversial and very often polarized his readers into full-on critics or full-on supporters – much like the Silone case. Perhaps the most challenging intellectual disposition to live with is ambiguity – realizing that there may never be a true “last word.”
One of the lighter moments of Wednesday’s epic slog of a Republican presidential primary debate came when former Florida governor Jeb Bush joked that his mother, the former first lady, would not be happy that he admitted having smoked marijuana “40 years ago.”
The line got a fair amount of laughs from the audience, but it also came amid a broader debate among the candidates over federal drug laws. Defending marijuana legalization, Sen. Rand Paul asserted that “kids who had privilege like [Bush]” are often given a pass when it comes to admitting past drug use, whereas people from poorer backgrounds — often minorities — are more likely to go to prison for using marijuana.
Paul is easily the most marijuana-friendly candidate in the Republican field, though he has famously declined to offer a straight answer as to whether or not he’s ever used the drug himself. The rest of the candidates are divided when it comes to their stances on marijuana legalization, with Bush saying that it is an issue that should be decided on a state level while others, like Carly Fiorina and New Jersey governor Chris Christie, argued that federal laws banning marijuana should be enforced in every state.
So far, 23 states have legalized medical marijuana to some degree, while recreational pot is also legal in four states — Alaska, Colorado, Oregon, and Washington — and the District of Columbia. Several more states are expected to add marijuana legalization to their ballots in next year’s elections, which means the market for legal marijuana could soon explode, as cannabis industry research firm The ArcView Group predicts the legal pot market could reach nearly $11 billion in annual revenue by 2019. Recently, Colorado reported that it made more money in the last fiscal year on tax revenues from marijuana sales than on revenue from alcohol taxes.
The exchange between Sen. Paul and Bush received a lot of media attention, especially after Bush’s campaign team tweeted this apology to former First Lady Barbara Bush:
But Jeb Bush is far from the only presidential candidate to admit prior marijuana use. In fact, he wasn’t even the only candidate on stage last night to admit it at some point. With that, here are 15 presidential candidates — past and current — who have admitted marijuana use. And a few were elected president.
We’ll start with the obvious. Jeb Bush’s public admission last night actually wasn’t the first time he’s admitted to having smoked marijuana. Earlier this year, Bush told the Boston Globe that he used the drug in the 1960s while attending the prestigious Phillips Academy boarding school in Andover, Mass.
Bush told the Globe: “I drank alcohol and I smoked marijuana when I was at Andover. It was pretty common.”
It’s interesting that Bush took all of the pot-smoking heat last night despite the fact that Cruz has also admitted to having used the drug when he was younger. Earlier this year, Cruz’s campaign confirmed that he “foolishly experimented with marijuana” as a teenager, with the Texas senator calling it “a mistake.”
Shocking nobody, the uber-liberal Vermont senator freely admitted that he was one of the many young people who used the drug in the late 1960s. “My hair was long, but not long for the times. I smoked marijuana, but was never part of the drug culture. That wasn’t me,” he told New York magazine last year. Sanders has said that he supports the federal decriminalization of marijuana as well as the legalization of medical marijuana.
The former senator and governor from Rhode Island is one of the lesser-known candidates on the Democratic side, but he has been one of the most open when it comes to admitting past drug use, telling the New Republic in 2001 that, while in college, he used marijuana and cocaine “several times.”
The former New York governor reportedly admitted to using marijuana in his youth, according to the New York Times.
The ultra-conservative former U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania has admitted that he smoked pot in college. “It was something that I’m not proud of, but I did,” Santorum said in 2011, adding of the experience: “It was not all it’s made up to be.”
The most recent President Bush, “W” dodged questions about past drug use while campaigning, later claiming that he didn’t want to influence children with his own past decisions.
Our current president has been very open about the marijuana habit of his teen years, remarking in interviews: “I inhaled frequently. That was the point.”
Obama’s inhalation joke was a callback to Clinton famously admitting that he’d tried marijuana, but famously denying that he’d actually inhaled the smoke. (For what it’s worth, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says she didn’t even go that far.)
Gore actually paved the way for Bill Clinton by admitting during the 1988 presidential campaign that he had smoked marijuana several times, though he later claimed his use of the drug was “infrequent and rare.”
Another Democratic contender for the 1988 election, the former Arizona governor also admitted past marijuana use around the same time Gore did. Their admissions came after Douglas Ginsburg withdrew his name as a nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court over his own admission that he’d smoked pot. While it’s unclear who was the first U.S. presidential candidate to admit using marijuana, the 1988 campaign appears to be the first where the issue was regularly brought up with candidates, more and more of whom were coming from a baby boomer generation that had experimented more with marijuana than is predecessors.
In the late 1980s, long before he actually ran for president, former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives admitted that he’d smoked pot while he was in graduate school.
In 2003, Kerry was one of multiple Democratic presidential primary candidates who admitted to having smoked marijuana in their younger days.
Press play on the player below to listen to this message. Or to download to your computer – On a PC right-click “download audio” and select “Save As Target.” On a Mac Ctrl+click “download audio” and choose “Download linked file as.”
The last woman we are looking at in our series on women in the Bible, is the woman described in Proverbs 31. She is not a real person who has lived, but the description of an ideal woman of character. I have always hesitated to study the Proverbs 31 woman because it always brought to mind images of churchy women, with big hair, attending Christian women’s conferences, and trying so hard to be perfect. But that is not at all what the Proverbs 31 woman is about and I believe that many women have the same misconceptions that I did.
So, to understand it we just need to lay a little ground work before we dive in. There are just a few things we need to understand first.
Culmination of Proverbs – First, we need to see that this passage occurs at the very end of the book of Proverbs for a reason. It is the culmination of everything that has been taught leading up to this. The picture of the “wife of noble character” is meant to give the reader an image of what it would look like to apply all the teachings in the book of Proverbs to one particular life and situation. So instead of giving us a picture of what a perfect wife looks like – it’s meant to give us a picture of a wife of noble character based on the teachings of Proverbs. This means, that we can do the same with whatever circumstance we are in ourselves, whether man or woman. So this Proverb isn’t just for married women with kids, or for a man looking for a wife – it is for all people to help them to understand what it means to live out the teachings in Proverbs.
Not a Full Picture – Secondly, this also means that it is not a full picture of who we are called to be as Christians. It does not cover all the bases of how we are called to live as Believers. So for example, it doesn’t really talk about humility or prayer, although we know that both are part of living out the Christian life. Instead it focuses on the themes of Proverbs such as diligence and prudence. And all of these stem from wisdom, which is the over-arching theme of the entire book of Proverbs. So basically, we are being given a practical picture of what wisdom looks like in real life.
An Acrostic – Lastly, this entire passage is an acrostic. An Acrostic is something that is ordered or structured based on the first letter of each line. In this case it is the Hebrew alphabet. So each line in this passage begins with a letter of the Hebrew alphabet and goes in order from what we would call “A to Z.” This means that there isn’t a logical/linear ordering of what is said, it is more poetic. This is why we have this handout. To help us study the Proverbs 31 woman I have divided the passage into 3 overarching categories. So put away your Bibles, and just use this sheet tonight….unless you think you can follow ok using your own Bible.
Let’s start by looking at the first verse, verse 10, and also the second to last verse, 30. (And as a side note, you all know I generally prefer the NIV over the ESV, but in the case of Proverbs I am sorely disappointed by the NIV’s translation and I think the ESV stays much more true to the Hebrew and doesn’t distort the meaning with poor word choices like the NIV does, so that’s why this handout is from the ESV). Ok, verses 10 and 30…
These two verses basically establish for us the premise, or the purpose of this passage. Verse 10 begins the passage with a rhetorical question making a statement. An excellent wife, who can find? or in other words, an excellent wife is hard to find, she is rare. And then the next line backs-up this statement, An excellent wife is far more precious than jewels. Let’s dissect this for a minute…
Excellent – what does this description mean? Well, here the NIV does actually help us a little. It translates this word as “noble” which means “fine personal qualities and high moral standards or principals.” So basically, the word excellent is referring to her outstanding character…which the rest of this Proverb is going to describe/unfold for us.
Precious – secondly a wife with outstanding character is described as being more precious than jewels. This means that a woman such as this is to be valued and not wasted or treated carelessly. So our passage is going to describe a woman that is rare and more valuable than any other kind of woman.
Then jumping ahead to verse 30, we get more of an understanding of what it is that motivates this woman and makes her so great. It tells us that all she does flows from her fear of the LORD. Now remember that a synonym of the word used here as “fear,” is “reverence.” All she does stems from her reverence for God, her deep respect of her heavenly Father. And the book of Proverbs is based on this exact thing, that all wisdom and knowledge flows from a fear/reverence of God. Proverbs 1:7 is said to embody the theme of Proverbs and it says,
Remember what we just talked about, everything in Proverbs is about living wisely, and here it tells us that wisdom starts with a deep respect for the Lord.
Now, some women are intimidated by the description of the Proverbs 31 woman, and others have responded to it in unhealthy ways all because they miss this and don’t first begin with a fear or respect for God. In light of this, what are some bad motives some women might have in their desire to be a Proverbs 31 woman? Instead of fear of the Lord what reason might some women have for trying to live this out?
As the author here says in verse 30 it has nothing to do with a desire to be charming or beautiful. Not that those things are bad or that a woman with character can’t also possess those qualities. But the point is, they can’t be the driving force or the goal. Being a woman of character is not about looking good or getting people to like you, it is simply about pleasing the Lord and living your life for Him. And we need to be sure to keep this in mind as we look at the description of this woman and how she lives.
So I have basically “filed” each verse under one of two categories to help us as we study it. There are many sub-categories we could put them in as well, but since most of this lesson was composed in airports, planes, hotel rooms, and such I decided to stick with just two.
The first category I want us to look at is the one I have titled “Diligence,” or “Hard-Working.” We could probably even say “Dedication.” Let’s walk through these verses, and then we’ll put them together.
The first half of this verse says ”She seeks wool and flax, and works with willing hands.” So it’s referring to basically an every day menial task she has to do. The NIV says she works with “eager” hands and the NAS says she works with “delight.”
So the picture we get here is of a woman working hard with a good attitude and with purpose. She doesn’t give in to a bad attitude about the tasks before her, she doesn’t get bitter, or lazy, or take shortcuts. Instead she does her work with pleasure and stays focused. Many of us might have experienced this in the first few weeks of a job, but we all understand the slippery slope into laziness and bad attitudes. But a woman of character does not give in to those things, but instead works eagerly and willingly.
So here we are given an analogy of what she is “like.” Merchant ships went to far away places to bring back items to enhance the lives of the people there. Items they could not get for themselves. Here, it says that just like the merchant ships she “brings her food from afar.” Basically what this is simply saying is that she goes out of her way to feed her family well. The modern day comparison I thought is that rather than picking her kids up Happy Meals at the McDonald’s on the corner, she goes a little out of her way, to the Farmer’s Market to get her family healthy and good quality food. She does what she needs to do to feed her family well even though it might mean extra effort on her part.
v.15 She rises while it is yet night and provides food for her household and portions for her maidens/servant girls.
In that day and age just about every home of decent means had servants who helped run the household. And the head of the house’s duty was to feed the servants as well as the family. In Luke 12:42 Jesus refers to this person as needing to be faithful and wise in regards to when they will feed the servants and the rest of the household.
And here it tells us she gets up while it is still dark to feed the servants and the household. Why do you think she would do this? What would be the benefit?
A woman of noble character does not let a love of sleep keep her from the work that is laid before her each day and she is willing to sacrifice in order to be productive and effective.
The phrase “dresses herself with strength” here is actually “girds her loins” in the Hebrew and is a saying throughout the Old Testament. And it’s equivalent to maybe us saying “roll up your sleeves” or “toughen up.” So basically it is saying here that she rolls up her sleeves even for physical labor. She is wiling to get dirty to get the job done. And because of it she has strong arms. She gives her work all she’s got and she’s stronger because of it.
Ok, so a distaff is basically the spool the raw flax and wool come on, and the spindle is the spool it is stored on once it has been spun. Again, a very physical duty she does. Spinning her own materials rather than buying them at much higher prices already spun. This is another picture of her diligence and physical exertion
Verse 27 gives us an overarching statement that summarizes all of what we just read. Everything she is doing here is part of her job as head of her household. This means she sees all the work she does not as meaningless, but as meaningful, like a real job. And because of that she does not give in to laziness. Proverbs 19:15 tells us that laziness just breeds sleepiness and un-productivity leading to poverty – she rejects this and does not enjoy the indulgences of laziness but instead reaps the fruit of her labor.
Not wanting to go above and beyond and do things we haven’t been asked to do or things we really don’t enjoy
All people are tempted by these things, even the Proverbs 31 woman, but the difference is making a commitment to not give in to them and avoiding them at all cost.
This brings us to the second category, “Discernment” or “Stewardship” which primarily involves our judgment and decision making abilities. So again, let’s go through each verse and then we’ll put it all together…
Now, this seems like a very simple and mindless thing to add in, but if anyone has ever had to pick out textiles before, then you know that it is not. Wool and flax were the primary materials for making clothing and homegoods and one of her biggest jobs would have been finding quality materials at good prices. The Hebrew word translated as “seek” here means “to seek, to inquire, to investigate.” So she’s not just popping into the Wal-mart of textiles, but she is really applying herself to find the best materials for the best price. She is using her judgment and her engaging her mind because she see the greater purpose in even the smallest tasks that she has to do.
Here we read something that we might find surprising. As head of the household part of her job is investing money and expanding their assets. She had financial responsibility and independence. And here we see two aspects of her discernment….
She is a good steward of their finances. She doesn’t just go out and buy a field on impulse, instead it says she “considers” it, which means she weighed her options, she was careful, thoughtful, and used wise judgment.
She used the earnings of that investment for the good of the family. Instead of taking that money and buying that name brand purse she had always wanted, or getting the massage and pedicure she deserved for her hardwork – she turned around and invested it right back into the land by planting a vineyard on it to make it even more profitable for the family.
In this one verse we see how seriously she takes her role in her family by using great discernment in being a good steward over what they have.
This verse is referring to the things she does that bring income to her family. And it says that she perceives or sees that it is profitable. The literal Hebrew word is taste, she can tasted the profit of her labor and it fuels her to keep working, even at times into the night. Now we need to be careful not to walk away from this Proverb thinking we don’t need sleep, because we do. But what it is saying is that at times we do need to make sacrifices to get our work done, at times we will need to work into the night.
Now this verse is one that could have been in a category all on it’s own, maybe called “charity” or “generosity.” But since I was trying to simplify it I chose to include it under discernment because of the nature of what it says she does. First, it says she opens her hand then it says she reaches out. Both of these pictures are of her actively moving towards the poor and needy. This means, on top of all she has to accomplish each day, she is also making time to go to the poor and needy and serve them.
This is very humbling for us to hear because most of us feel we are too busy to fit hands-on charity into our schedules. But here’s a woman with more to do in a day then I have to do in a week and yet she is actively making it happen. It is a result of her discernment and stewardship that she does it. It is a priority to her and so she make sure that it is a part of her weekly duties.
And why does she do this? For the same reason we read in verse 30 at the beginning, out of her deep respect for God. In Deuteronomy 15:11 God reminds His people that He commands them to reach out to the poor and be generous. And Proverb 22:9 says,
Here we read yet another way she makes money for her family, she makes linen garments/clothes and sells them. It also says she delivers sashes to the merchants. Now it is unclear as to whether she is selling or giving her sashes to them, and each translation uses a different word. But either way, we still get the picture of her involvement in commercial activity as part of her household duties. And we can all imagine that this takes wisdom, prudence, knowledge and so on.
Lastly in this category, it touches on something that has not been talked about. What she speaks to others, what comes out of her mouth. And it goes right along with the theme of wisdom in Proverbs. We read in Proverbs 10:31 that,
And that is exactly what it says about her here, that her mouth brings forth wisdom. Now there are actually several ways the second half of this verse is translated so there are two ways to look at it. One view says the correct literal translation would be that the “law of loving-kindness” is on her tongue, which would imply that she teaches God’s covenant love to others (NIV). Or it could be more like “loving instruction” which you see is how the ESV comes up with teaching with kindness. But either way, we get an idea of what she not only does, but also what she says.
Finally, I just want us to take a brief look at what the result is of a life lived in this way. What are the fruit of her life and the way she has chosen to live it? The last verse in this passage says,
The gates refer to the city gates, which in that time served as the center of economic and civic life. It’s where the leading men of the city gathered. So what is the fruit of her hands? How is it that she will be praised by others?
One of the results of her noble character is that her husband trusts her, and we really saw that didn’t we especially in the financial independence and responsibility she had. He lacks no gain because he can only gain from having a wife like this.
v.23 Seems a little out of place at first, but most likely what it is there for is to show that her charater and choices have contributed to her husband’s success and reputation. Who she is has earned him respect.
Her children and her husband praise her, she is valuable to them and they see that she is rare and precious.
One of the rewards of her diligence and discernment is that she doesn’t have to live in fear of what is to come, and she can even smile at the future. She has done all she can do, she knows her preparation will pay off.
And not only that, because of her hard work she is able to provide nice things even for herself – she is well dressed. For some reason we think that you choose one or the other, but here she choose character and as a result she was able to cloth herself with beauty. In a sense, her clothes were and outward visual of who she was on the inside.
As we seek to be women of noble character, like the woman in Proverbs 31, we need to remember that at the foundation of it is worship. She lives the way she lives because of her faith in God and her reverence of Him. Just as we are called in Romans 12 to “offer [our] bodies as living sacrifices” the Proverbs 31 woman is also living her life as a sacrifice for God, worshiping Him through the way she lives.
● Read verse 30 aloud. Why is charm deceitful/deceptive and beauty vain/fleeting? Why is being a woman of character who fears the Lord better?
There is a verse in the Psalms that says "Because Your love is better than life, my lips will glorify you." (63:3) This is who I am, a woman who has come to believe that knowing the love of God is better than anything this world has to offer. And because of that my life is committed to glorifying Him.	View all posts by Ashley Evans Boone
We have talked about the new 2010 ADA Guidelines so much on Conversations about Signage that we sometimes fear our reader’s eyes have begun to collectively roll back in their heads. We understand – it can be a very boring and tedious topic to discuss, but one way to look at the new 2010 ADA […]
Since we launched Conversations about Signage, we’ve received a few emails and comments from people in the industry and readers who stumbled upon the blog that generally say something along these lines: “I never really paid attention to how important signs are or why they mattered until I got lost.” You can substitute “lost” with […]
Our love affair/crush on 3form and its gorgeous line of materials for architectural signage and environmental graphic design continues to burn like a 14-year-old girl squealing and jumping up and down at a boy-band concert. (I’ll bet you thought I’d make another Billy Joel reference. You would be wrong.) Anyway, nothing we have to say trumps what 3form […]
For more than 20 years, ASI, Indianapolis has served the wayfinding and signage needs of Indiana and Indianapolis area hospitals, and the Riley Hospital for Children is one of ASI’s long-standing clients. To better serve the healthcare needs of the community, Riley Hospital is expanding by adding an additional tower. Kevin Elkins, a key member of the […]
If any place could be considered a melting pot of diversity, it’s a college campus. Some students at colleges and universities have various physical or mental challenges, whether they’re in wheelchairs, are visually-impaired, or have been diagnosed with a neurological disability. Enter the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA). The key to linking effective college and […]
Wayfinding is a broad-ranging issue that encompasses not only signage but how patients, visitors and staff find their way around in a hospital, with special emphasis on newcomers. In hospitals, wayfinding should be made as intuitive as possible, making use of effective, well-placed signage which utilizes the design and décor of the facility. When people think of wayfinding, the […]
Building information modeling (BIM), a method used during the design and construction phases of buildings, helps planners visualize, by means of digital representation, how buildings will come together functionally and aesthetically. BIM is increasingly used as a part of design, construction and renovation of facilities, and for good reason: it models how buildings will look […]
The city of Rockford, IL, has made the decision to remove 2,400 streetlights throughout the city to save up to $500,000. The immediate benefit is obvious — saving that amount of money could prevent layoffs or it could help the city balance its budget. However, one should consider the long-term cost as well. Less lighting at […]
The architectural signage industry has been regulated for some time by the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), and ADA-compliant signage continues to be a popular topic on our blog. According to the ADA, signage must be made accessible to people who have disabilities, and this is accomplished by following the ADA Standards for Accessible Design. […]
While in the Cincinnati area on business, we came across an odd sight — a gigantic yellow rubber ducky on top of a corporate office tower. ASI provided the custom illuminated exterior signage for Grant Thornton that adorns the top of the tower, so of course we had to ask the folks at ASI, Cincinnati, “What’s the […]
When you are driving down the road, anything can happen. You can run out of gas, your battery can die, or your car simply won’t start. Whatever circumstances may occur, you need to be prepared. That’s why we recommend you put our towing service number in your speed dial.
When you are stranded on the side of the road in Georgetown, you want a fast, reliable, and professional towing service to arrive at your destination quickly. At Eagle Towing, we know how important is for you to get back on the road and keep yourself, family and loved ones out of harm’s way. This is why we respond quickly to your towing requests. Whether it’s early in the morning or late at night, you can rest assured we will be available 24/7 to provide you with fast and reliable service. Our roadside assistance services in Georgetown include:
There may be times when you need more than roadside assistance. If that is the case, we offer a wide variety of towing services that include the following:
Waiting on a Georgetown towing company should be the least of your worries when you need help. That’s why our towing company offers fast response times, skilled operators, and efficient service. No matter what your towing needs are, you can be assured that our towing service will provide you with the most professional and reliable service in Georgetown.
Call us today at 512-255-4441 or 512-869-1900 and discover how we can help you with your towing needs!
Whether you need roadside assistance in Georgetown, heavy duty towing, or commercial towing, you can be assured that our Georgetown towing company can provide you with the skills, knowledge, and experience to provide you with a pleasant towing experience.
In addition to serving the towing needs of our Georgetown clients, we also provide service in the following areas:
Call us today at 512-255-4441 or 512-869-1900 and discover why our towing clients in Georgetown recommend us to their family and friends!
I was looking for a tow for a reasonable price - when I called, the gentleman on the phone was very courteous to my situation and was very willing to help me and make me feel everything was going to be OK. He went as far as to lowering his price to help me in a time of need. Thank you very much. I will only call this company for any future business.
I needed a tow truck FAST!! On my drive into Hutto we started calling Tow companies. Everyone we called said they couldn't be there in a short time. One even said not at all that day. So we called Eagle and I was talking so fast and frantically I'm surprised they could understand anything I was saying.. (more…)
I met Woody last night (well after dark) when my Mazda Protege blew a rear tire on NB I-35 just at the exit for 1431. There was no good place to stop or do anything much, so I had to go on up to the next exit at Westinghouse, where I went into the outlet mall parking lot and parked in the first space I came to. (more…)
Woody was amazing . When he got there we discovered the car was stuck in park. He would have moved it in neutral but my car was a little fancy so could not get to the box so he cut me a discount on the brackets and we towed it to the mechanic no problems...My husband and I will be referring him.
Overall, the BCI lost 5.5 points compared to Q3 2018. Expectations in the private sector in Georgia...
6 November, the Council of Europe and the Delegation of the European Union presented results of their joint projects in Georgia from 2015 - 2018...
The results of the first round of Georgia’s 2018 presidential elections are being discussed everywhere...
President of Georgia, Giorgi Margvelashvili jumped out of his car to help rescue a pregnant woman stuck in an overturned car...
The Investigation Service of the Ministry of Finance arrested two men for stealing a large amount of crude oil from Baku-Supsa pipeline...
A fire broke out on the first floor of Georgia’s Trinity Cathedral in Tbilisi early Sunday morning...
Using materials of the site the reference on "Georgia Today" with the indication of the author is obligatory
Alleged representatives of the so-called Islamic State (IS) released a video yesterday, which showed fighters speaking Georgian addressing the Muslim population of Georgia. The fighters urged them to support the ‘Islamic Caliphate’.
The fighters threatened to establish a ‘Caliphate’ in Georgia. One of the extremists stated “I would like to address the faithless people living in Georgia that have been fighting Islam for a long time. Everybody who has acted against Islam, no matter in Iraq or Afghanistan, will be judged by God’s law.”
The address, published on sendvid.com, emphasized that “God is very strict,” and called on [you] to stop persecuting Muslims. “Your actions against the Muslim will be not remain unanswered. Everybody will be accountable for it.”
Another group of fighters threatened Muslim Khoja and Muftis living in Adjara (Georgia), accusing them of misleading people. “You will pay for what you have done. Be afraid of Allah but not the dirty leaders, don’t be afraid of their orders, you will fulfil them without hesitation,” the group has stated.
Soon after the address, the Georgian State Security Service announced it was launching an investigation into the case. The Security Service did not wish to speak about any possible additional measures surrounding the issue.
One of the parents of one of the fighters in the video commented yesterday that the video is aimed at spreading panic and intimidating people, Ilia Gobadze boldly declaring “no one will come and blow us up.”
“I ask the media not to contribute to spreading threatening video footage via the internet due to public security. The State Security Service is working on the issue. An investigation has already been launched,” the update read.
Royal weddings go down in history not only as the weddings of the year, but also as the weddings of the century...
The Adjara Tour travel agency has launched a new offering for visitors to Georgia’s Black Sea coast...
Mayor Kaladze said that most districts in Old Tbilisi will be rehabilitated over the next four years The Tbilisi Development Fund has completed rehabilitation works in the Mtatsminda district, at 34 ...
On July 21-29, the Rustavi International Scout camp hosted the summer school ‘Workshop of the Future of the South Caucasus,’...
Myself, and the other five authors who have contributed to this collection of shorts stories have decided to donate all proceeds from this book to a non-profit charity. We voted and by a unanimous decision, we have chosen The American Cancer Society. → https://www.cancer.org/
Authors Alyne Hart, Kara Liane, Syd Ryan, Kelsey Cheyenne, Harlow Layne and debut author Larissa Gail. The weather is getting colder, but these stories have all the heat and spice you need to stay warm! #OneClick #MustRead #SmallTown#HolidayRomance #Nov15
Can a focused romance novelist and a playboy bachelor survive a snowstorm when they get stuck in a hotel room together? From Alyne Hart comes a blizzard to remember and enough heat to melt your kindle.
Kara Liane delivers a camo-covered Christmas tale, sure to be sweet and spicy like a yummy candy cane. Get your boots in gear!
Kelsey Cheyenne brings a sweet and hilarious holiday tale about two friends reconnecting. It’s Thanksgiving with the family, what could possibly go wrong?
One accident, a one-night stand, two hearts and some mistletoe. Harlow Layne shows us what happens when the ball drops on New Year’s…
Posted in books, UncategorizedTagged anthology, Giveaway, holiday romance, new reads, new release, new romance, one click, romance anthologies, romance novel, usa today
Just a simple girl who loves romance, cats and wine. I began my story-telling journey first with my dolls, then it progressed to paper. I have a deep love for anything romantic, and I'm a believer that in love anything is possible. I write (mostly) strong, witty and intelligent women and strong, sexy, intelligent men (and my own little fantasy - they can all cook) Follow me: Facebook → http://bit.ly/2w89KNP Twitter → http://bit.ly/2w8kRqb Goodreads → http://bit.ly/2vv8S8S Youtube → http://bit.ly/2vb0N5s For Business Inquiries: alynehartbooks@gmail.com	View all posts by alynehart
alyne hart am writing audiobook author how to author interview author life authors author tube book book excerpt books boxer romance coming soon contemporary romance cover reveal design ebooks family featured fiction foodie romance fun Giveaway ideas indie author indie publishing indie romance inspiration inspired interview kindle 99 cents kindle books kindle deals kindle romance kindle unlimited life menage romance mmf mmf love story mmf romance must read NaNoWriMo new release new romance novel novels one click personal poly romance publishing read rocker romance rocking autumn rock star romance romance romance book romance books romance excerpt romance novel romance series romance writing romantic comedy second chance romance secret baby romance self-publishing small town romance sports romance steamy romance threesome love story write writers life writing writing inspiration writing tips youtube
Ever have trouble seeing your driveway entrance at night? Drive Mark Reflectors are attached to the concrete driveway entrance on each side with a waterproof adhesive (included).
State & Federal Highway departments install these same types of reflectors directly on roads and highways all over the nation. These reflectors are designed to be run over by cars all day long and still last for years.
Hardly noticable by day, Drive Mark Reflectors will not detract from your home's curb appeal. So bright at night, you will never have trouble spotting your driveway entrance again.
Emotional Regulation of Anxiety and Related Disorders in Children and Adolescents | Dr. L. Kevin Chapman Licensed Clinical Psychologist
Hear from folks in Pulaski Co about their commitment to whole child supports. @drkchap talks abt anxiety. We visit Harmony Farms Creative Therapy to see how they help kids and talk to @KyDeptofEd and @CHFSKy reps abt social and emotional wellness efforts in KY schools. https://t.co/luOtQVycVH
KET’s series on youth mental health continues with two more episodes, starting at 9/8 pm. First, see how schools are expanding their focus from academics to whole child learning. Then, learn how to respond to depression and anxiety.
8 years ago today, I went to “The Secret Garden” play held at our high school. My friends were running late (and I was early, as usual) and I saw Mr. Knight chilling outside the theater. I walked up to him, M&M McFlurry in hand, and started chatting. He finished the rest of my McFlurry (and now finishes most my meals today). When it was time for the show to start and my friends were still not there, Mr. Knight and I walked into the theater and sat together. We cuddled during the show and exchanged phone numbers at the end of the night. I guess you can say, the rest is history!
Mr. Knight and I before our Junior Prom, about 7.5 years ago (wow I feel old!). Prom always fell around my birthday. I’m giving Mr. Knight a smooch after he just gave me a ring for my birthday. That’s totally my Grandma watching us in the background… awkward. Want to hear something cool? Mr. Knight’s sister (Sweet Bridesmaid) is a Junior in high school and just got a beautiful ring from her boyfriend for her birthday. Sooo sweet.
Every anniversary, I think back to that night and how things could have ended up differently for us if my friends had been on time for the play. It’s funny how things happen. Mr. Knight and I had been eyeing each other for years before that very night. Holding hands in Spanish class, slow dancing at homecoming, and passing notes to each other in Concert Band (yes… we were nerds). What was it about that night, which finally brought us together? Although Mr. Knight never “asked me out.” It was just inherent, we just knew (from that night on) we were a couple.
And you know what’s weirder? That following Friday we went and saw (I believe) the 2nd Harry Potter film. Guess what comes out this Friday? Why, it’s another Harry Potter movie. 8 years later and Harry Potter is STILL in theaters. Crazy.
After 8 wonderful years, I can easily say I’m more in love with Mr. Knight today then I was ever. Everyday I fall in love with something else about Mr. Knight. He truly is my best friend. I’m so excited for what’s to come in our lives together.
There is comfort in knowing that no matter where life takes us, I need not worry, all I need is my Knight to keep me happy. :)
This article made me smile. I’m so lucky to have you in my life. But, I guess, you are more than in my life, you are my life. You’re my happiness personified.
Oh my goodness, you two are the sweetest. Mr. Gators response had my heart fluttering, he obviously loves you!
I remembered your father and I being a bit worried when you rec’d a diamond “friendship” ring. We were concerned that things were going too fast for you two. We were wrong. You both did it perfectly. Love you both so much. It’s going to be fun and exciting as we watch you both grow with your careers and someday…familyhood.
I don’t know what’s cuter, your beautiful post (LOVE IT!) or the sweet comments from your hubby and mom. Thanks for sharing with us, and Happy Date-aversary!!!
Trust me, it was no accident that your friends didn’t show up that night…there are no ‘accidents’. I’ve learned in my almost half century (crap I’m old!) of life that everything happens for a reason. God wanted you two together so He helped out a little :-)!!! I just love you two so much and am so proud of you I just don’t know what to say!
Mordor in '64 was a hoax bid with an ad in the Detention PR 4 that seems to have been run by Bruce Pelz. (The Detention ad supported Philadelphia in 1960, with a note "But Philly in '60" on the ad.) He planned to speak at the Pittcon Business meeting for Mordor.
This is a bid page. Please extend it by adding information about who was bidding, officers, committee list, what they were bidding for, who their opponents were, and anything notable about the bid, etc.
Nexera Bedroom Vanities - Quality Furniture | Furniture, Bedroom Furniture, Dining Room Furniture, Living Room Furniture, Children's Furniture, Kitchen Furniture
Coaster Convertible Sofas - Quality Furniture | Furniture, Bedroom Furniture, Dining Room Furniture, Living Room Furniture, Children's Furniture, Kitchen Furniture
The Global Contextual Marketing Solution market focuses major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information.
This report focuses on the global Contextual Marketing Solution status, future forecast, growth opportunity, key market and key players. The study objectives are to present the Contextual Marketing Solution development in United States, Europe and China.
To get personalized marketing there are some fundamental challenges to overcome these days. To get this personalized marketing on point one needs some information like the right context and a real time understanding of each customer. Getting to these information is a difficult task but contextual marketing solutions in the market has made this as easy as going for one to one marketing. People in the traditional approach used to bombard the customers with messages based on the scattered data which they receive, but due to the advent of contextual marketing solutions with every search, browse, e-mail open, or site visit, individual customers tells about its need or intent at that moment.
One of the driver for the contextual marketing solution market comes to be the increased use of mobile phones. The increased use of mobile phones and technology like keeping the cookies has helped the contextual marketing solution market on a growing path as the cookies stored in the mobile phones helps in keeping the historical data of an individual and this has increased due to use of mobile phone. Another driver for the contextual marketing solution market is the increasing number of vendors adapting to digital marketing for their products these days which has led to increased adaption of contextual marketing solution for better customer engagement.
To analyze global Contextual Marketing Solution status, future forecast, growth opportunity, key market and key players.
To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their development plan and strategies.
Founded in 1981, Saxon Karate is one of the most famous karate clubs in the world. Saxon students have taken UK, European and world honours but still retain a family club atmosphere wherever they train.
In karate progression is usually marked with different colour belts starting from white belt (novice) and ending with black belt (expert). ‘Kyu’ is a Japanese term used for karateka (people learning karate) that wear coloured belts (white, red and white, red, orange, yellow, green, purple, purple and white, brown, brown and white), while ‘Dan’ is the term for a black belt (and they also have different levels). To get to the next level, you must pass an exam. We usually call them ‘gradings’ as people achieve a ‘Kyu grade’ or a ‘Dan grade’.
To grade all students must display acceptable level of understanding and skill of karate technique. To gain this understanding and skill all students are expected to train hard, be disciplined and pay attention to what Sensei or instructor says.
To keep the club standard high, students are required to train on average twice a week. Novice students (those who have not taken any examination) are an exception and are allowed to train once a week.
To be eligible to grade a student must collect a certain amount of training points (depending on their grade). Points can be acquired by attending regular classes and courses. Points are there to make it easier for you to follow if you are on target for your grading.
Kyu gradings are held every three months, usually in March, June, September and December. See the calendar for the grading dates this year.
In the UK there are two Dan gradings every year when candidates and other students attend a two-three day course that is followed by the black belt examination. Usually these courses and gradings take place in August and December. Dan grades in other countries are at the direction of the ITKCA and the host country’s governing body.
Just as everybody else Dan grade candidates are required to train on average twice a week and collect the points but it is expected that their understanding and skill are much higher than kyu grades, and they should also be involved with the club by assisting or instructing, or in some other way.
Partnering with a virtual assistant is right for your business if you answered yes to any of the questions in the left-hand column. We understand how important your business is to you and work hard to support your small business growth. You will be working with experienced professionals in the administration field and can begin to build a relationship with our executive assistants based on your personal business-style preferences and skills. Best of all we work as independent contractors. So, you have no labour laws, deductions or extra equipment to plan for or manage.
One hour per day of office duties equates to six weeks per year spent on mundane business tasks. Bookkeeping, answering correspondence, filing regulatory papers, call backs, and archiving easily takes 3 hours out of each day. Can you afford to lose more than 4 months of business development time? Our executive services can fulfill your administrative chores, freeing up your time for important business pursuits - promote business growth, close new deals, attend trade shows, increase your bottom line. Our senior's and specialist services will provide peace of mind for your family.
Bedgeburry Park Executive Assistants is owned and operated by Susan D. Young, who because of her own past successes in employment, entrepreneurial and volunteer posts has received numerous requests for her special acumen and expertise in administrative affairs to help business owners, landlords, professionals and families with seniors accomplish their goals. By incorporating respect, humility, love, truth, honesty, courage and wisdom into the business, Bedgeburry Park Executive Assistants will always strive to provide above-average care to you, our client.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. Thomas Jefferson
Chaired by Dr Mark Holland President The Society for Acute Medicine, this National Deteriorating Patient Summit focuses on recognising and respondin... Read more
Chaired by Dr Mark Holland President The Society for Acute Medicine, this National Deteriorating Patient Summit focuses on recognising and responding to the deteriorating patient through improving the reliability of patient observations and ensuring quality of care to reduce failure to rescue of acutely ill patients. The conference opens with an update on improving the identification of acute deterioration and the development of the Rapid Response Acute Illness Learning Set . The conference will also focus on implementing the patient safety alert and toolkit on supporting safer care of deteriorating patients.
A 20% discount is available by quoting ref:HCUK20EX when booking. (*Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Full T&Cs available upon request.)
Let us do the hard work for you. Enter your requirements and we'll connect you with the right event suppliers, e.g. exhibition stands, furniture hire etc.
Bank End Rock Solid starts at 7:30pm and finishes at 9:00pm every Monday evening. The venue is Bank End Primary School, Underwood Avenue, Bank End. Barnsley.. If you would like your child to join, please contact the office and we can let you know whether there is space and if not, get your child on the waiting list.
The club is run by a team of staff and volunteers and is structured in a way that the young people enjoy. Every week there is a theme or topic, for example, 'Healthy Eating', 'Cyber Bullying' etc, but unlike Kidz Klub, our approach is much more discussion based with the Rock Solid youth groups.The first section of the programme usually involves a game or craft activity. We then have refreshments and a chance just to chat and listen to music. This then leads onto a discussion group, or presentation on the weeks topic, always presented in an entertaining and imaginative way. The final part of the club is an extended period which can involve, dance, drama, crafts, music, quizzes, sports and games…anything that young people find entertaining and interesting. Once a month we take the Rock Solid youth groups out on an "outdoor Social" as we call them. This could be swimming, bowling, ice skating, climbing, go karting, cinema, theatre or a local park in the summer. Jack, Hayley and Sam lead this club with support from some of our excellent volunteers.
MyPatients is a tool for referring providers that gives you access to information about your patient’s care.
Boston Children's Hospital has been named the #1 children's hospital in the nation by U.S. News and World Report for the fifth year in a row! It's an honor that we could not have achieved without you. On behalf of every member of our Boston Children's team, thank you for inspiring us to be bolder, dream bigger, and make the impossible possible for our patients and families.
Posted on 17th November 2017 30th November 2017 Author FappeningCategories Pasha EbrahimiTags Pasha Ebrahimi cock, Pasha Ebrahimi sexyLeave a comment on Pasha Ebrahimi Nude
MK837’s launching a new compilation in March 2019 featuring new talent. We’re looking for house, tech house, deep house and techno artists who either need a break or have maybe just a couple of releases under their belt. If you’re looking for a foot in the door, this might be it.
Submissions are due no later than NOVEMBER 2, 2018. That's about 2 weeks from now. Your demos can be submitted here: http://mk837.com/comeplay/
Don't know who we are? That's ok. You can research our track record here: http://www.bptoptracker.com/label/mk837/15722
Lent continues. Our adult education series, Spaghetti and Spirituality continues this Wednesday after the 5:30 p.m. Mass. Our continuing topic: How the Catholic Church is the Same and How it is Different From Other Christian Churches. As you notice, Father Duvelius and I are taking turns preaching all of the Masses on the Sundays of Lent.
Tomorrow, Monday, March 19, is the Feast of Saint Joseph, patron of the Universal Church and a principal patron of Italy. I invite us all to attend Mass on this feast for the Church and our Italian Parish. We will have two Masses: Noon—Latin and 5:30 p.m.—English. Saint Joseph, pray for us.
Today (Sunday) from 1:30 to 2:00 p.m. is our final service for the Tridium (three weeks of prayer) in Honor of Saint Joseph. Don’t forget the additional services during Lent listed elsewhere in this bulletin. The Way of the Cross is each Friday after both Masses.
The Sacrament of Penance is an essential part of Lent for any Catholic. Confessions are heard before every Mass, seven days a week here at Holy Rosary. Those who think they don’t need this sacrament of reconciliation and forgiveness are kidding themselves. We will have a Penance Service for Lent at Sacred Heart Church on Sunday, March 25, at 3:00 p.m. Naturally, this too will offer another opportunity for individual confession.
Today is our annual Saint Joseph’s Table at Primo Banquet Hall. It’s the Italian tradition of delicious food! We begin at Noon and go until 5:00 p.m. I hope you can attend. Proceeds benefit Catholic Education.
Almsgiving is generous giving to those in need. During Lent, we deliberately schedule "second collections" for special purposes. It’s time to think about others, in particular those less fortunate. This weekend, our second collection is for the Hispanic Education Center. It now occupies our school building. Sponsored in part by the Sisters of Providence, this center provides much needed education to Spanish speaking people who must learn English. A few decades ago, Holy Rosary Church and School were doing this very thing for Italian immigrants who had arrived in our country. It’s our privilege to continue to do the same for immigrants now coming from Spanish-speaking countries.
Many thanks to all of you who sent me special greetings and gifts for my birthday last week. You are always most generous! God bless you.
One year during Lent, someone shared with me a delightful poem. It’s by Providence Sister Margaret Kern. I’d like to share it with you again:
Why on Earth did the St. Petersburg Times suddenly reissue a story on Judge Schaeffer right now, of all times? Scientology has just "persuaded" two former critics, Bob Minton and Stacy Brooks, to turn traitor, and to spew perjury.
Judge Schaeffer is not seeming at all happy with this attempted perversion of justice, and has expressed displeasure from the bench.
Suddenly, Judge Schaeffer is attacked by the St. Petersburg Times in an article about another Judge, Judge Cope. It accuses her of having "conspired" with Judge Cope not to report an arrest of Judge Cope for an alleged lurid crime in California. However, if she was not obligated to report this crime (that was already being handled by the police), she could not have "conspired" to do anything at all.
You can only "conspire" to do something illegal. The SP Times is skirting libel pretty narrowly (and for what?).
The funny thing is this identical story has already appeared twice, over a year ago. Why suddenly report it again now as if it's news?
I don't see anything new or exciting in the latest version of it, so why is this "news" again? I smell bullshit, and bullshit smells like OSA.
Princess Alice Hospice took part in this year’s Pride in London Parade on Saturday to highlight the importance it places on being there for everyone.
Amongst the fun, sparkles and feathers the eight-strong team from the Hospice were marching in the parade with a serious message about the bereavement care that it provides to the LGBT community.
Ranked highly across leading LGBT lists of influence, he co-founded Emerald Life to change the insurance industry for the better, bringing with him his passion for equality and his zeal for good business.
Women are paid less than men for the same work, despite the Equal Pay Act in the UK. These are statistics that we are familiar with. Women earn 85p for every £1 a man earns.
Emma Watson has made a speech in her new (non-acting) role as UN Goodwill Ambassador for Women. She's been a feminist since the tender age of 8 after being told she was 'too bossy' for wanting to direct a play: If boys were allowed to direct without question, then why wasn't she?
FCKH8's potty mouthed video of five girls aged 6-13 swearing, has been reinstated by Youtube, who apologised for taking it down in the first place. The video, posted on 22nd October by American for-profit company FCKH8.com, features the girls dressed as princesses asking: “What’s more offensive? A little girl saying f**k or the sexist way society treats girls and women?”
After the highly controversial comments of her former bandmate Julia Volkova, Lena Katina decided that she needed to make her own views know. Taking to her Facebook page the singer made the statement:
Transgender activist, Gay Times and DIVA columnist, and 2013 Pink List winner, Paris Lees, has signed a book deal with publisher, Penguin Books.
The class of 2014 MacArthur Fellows has been announced which gives its list members $625,000 each to carry on their work. Alison Bechdel, the cartoonist and graphic memoirist, famous for the 'Bechdel Test' is one of the nine women to receive what some call the 'genius grant' to fund future projects in a way that suits them best.
Yulia Volkova, one half of faux lesbian pop duo t.A.T.u (pictured left) has revealed that her support for gay men is not all about love and let love.
In an interview on Russian TV, which was translated by YouTube video description, she answered that she would condemn her own son if her was gay "because I believe that a real man must be a real man."
Our main wholesale products are all kinds of model car fuel injectors,ignition coils,sensors,fuel pumps,air flow meters,car parts,ect.
Guangzhou Haoxiang Auto Parts Co., Ltd. is a professional supplier of auto parts. With high quality products, excellent service and a good reputation, we have won great support from customers around the world. Thus, our company scale has been expanded. At present, we export products to America, Africa, Europe and Asia. We have established long-term, stable and good business relationships with many manufacturers and wholesalers around the world.
is just not an Formal Pornhub web page and will be dangerous. In your security and privacy, this website link continues to be disabled.
Silver Spring will take its name from the mica-flecked spring found out there in 1840 by Francis Preston Blair, who subsequently bought A lot of your encompassing land.
"The Jamaica Tourist Board is always delighted to be Portion of a little something phenomenal that shines the Highlight on our multifaceted place.
Quite the opposite, with numerous remarkably-rated academic institutions, the state invests in its workforce. In actual fact, Maryland has the second highest quantity of specialized and professional personnel of many of the states from the Union. It also offers extra doctorate-stage experts and engineers than almost every other condition. Ultimately, the beautiful landscape all through the Mid-Atlantic place encourages mother nature lovers to live and work in Maryland. For those who are searhing for Maryland businesses for sale, you possible have a range of selections. Usually, searches for Maryland business ventures reveal corporations in restaurants, well being treatment, gas stations and also other remarkable sectors. Regardless of the business through which you choose to take a position, Maryland’s booming financial system increases your odds of good results. Irrespective of whether you wish to purchase A prosperous company or rehabilitate a failing a single, Maryland is Just about the most rational spots in your initiatives. Simply put, you triumph after you take full advantage of everything the Aged Line Condition has to offer.
The ship chandling or “ship offer” business dates again to many many years. It absolutely was important then and it is still crucial now. Here's the big picture of the small business: - This Business was recognized in 2008 and has long been correctly working & has organically grown for over eleven several years! This Enterprise is actually a a Maryland C Company. - It is a ship source organization that provides day to day necessities like food, beverages, medicine, electronics, navigational charts, and nutritional merchandise to Intercontinental shipping and delivery companies, vessel crew users, and ship catering businesses (or obtaining groups). - The Company serves all 27 ports concerning The big apple and Wilmington, NC, with the home port remaining Baltimore, MD. - The corporate includes a solid list of clients which happen to be important Worldwide transport organizations, vessel crew members, and marine catering firms (or obtaining groups). The vast majority of the corporate’s shoppers are concentrated in Europe and Asia. - The organization’s profits have developed close to twenty% over the past 2 yrs.
Wasserman and Navigate Exploration requested followers about tech enhancements they wish to see. The solutions mirror a desire for The straightforward issues within the supporter working experience.
They’re expanding Those people solutions on the retail and amusement districts to help keep both of those fans attending the video games and various guests connected continually in these athletics-driven neighborhoods.
How can an international deal Examine to the domestic naming rights deals previously accomplished by Van Wagner?
“We owe our results on this undertaking into the Vikings followers. This offer out can be a testomony to their passion for the crew, and for its new property,” stated Allphin. “We shared an obligation While using the Vikings to deliver Minnesota supporters with outstanding services and the most beneficial high quality seating alternatives in what will be one of the most impressive stadiums from the NFL.
“There isn't any promise of that Considerably of a rise since it is not a major Click Here sector or simply a very visible franchise,” said Rob Yowell, president of Gemini Sports activities Team. “This is able to even be the third title about the making, so I’d assume $3 million to $three.
“We’re pursuing that very same methodology, where by Pistons and Purple Wings fans are connected to our infrastructure a mile far from the power, ahead of they at any a knockout post time get to a recreation or other celebration,” Jordan reported.
Launched in 1979, the The united states East Conference – which not too long ago introduced an 11-calendar year extension to its latest ESPN deal which will result in an unparalleled quantity of situations remaining carried throughout the community’s platforms – includes 9 member institutions, sponsors championships in seventeen sports activities and delivers its member schools and their athletic courses a #3Pillars platform upon which student-athletes can realize the two collegiate and lifetime good results throughout the promotion and nurturing of athletic excellence, academic achievement and leadership, on and off the sector.
In the application, people can discover The instant when They could have appeared around the stadium videoboard, Slice that clip, and quickly share it to the main social-media platforms. The person also can sign-up Using the application, which, applying an image and facial-recognition technologies, can promptly discover if the person seems while in the video clip and tag the moment for quick access.
Get absolutely free alerts through e mail when new firms are listed matching your Maryland Firms lookup criteria.
They try to say there will be more abortions in a world where abortion drugs aren't provided free of all who want them.
They don't tackle Hobby Lobby's issue - being forced to provide drugs that you think God says are wrong.
People of faith shouldn't abandon their beliefs because others don't want to pay for what they need.
And how, before she left as Secretary of State, she made sure every area had a "timeline" and had begun the processes they were assigned.
Let Mexico sort out the best players from those youngsters, and let them look forward to 2018 and 2022.
The state declared her a state employee in 2003, and thus reduced her pay by the taking of union dues.
The Weekly Standard asks the question after Thad Cochran barely made it across the finish line - why did so many loyal Republicans vote against him?
Establishment politicos often act superciliously toward these challengers, but in so doing they are missing a profound point: The Republican electorate is exceedingly angry and frustrated with their leadership. The fact that these second- or third-raters can give established leaders such a scare is proof positive. The party’s leadership can snicker at these challengers all it wants, but it had better understand that its own voters are so fed up with them that they are using these deeply flawed candidates to send them a message.
Woods shot three-over at the Congressional Thursday in his return to tournament golf after three months. CBS has coverage of the final two rounds Saturday and Sunday at 3 p.m., whether Woods makes the cut or not.
The event gives Woods a chance for tournament competition before the British Open in three weeks. He remains four Major victories behind Jack Nicklaus, and recent health struggles have dropped him behind Nicklaus' pace.
The World Cup starts the knockout round Saturday when host Brazil faces Chile at 11:30 a.m. on ABC. Colombia and Ecuador meet at 4 p.m. Mexico battles Netherlands Sunday at 11:30 a.m. on ESPN, with Costa Rica against Greece at 4 p.m.
Stateside, Seattle visits D.C. United Saturday at 7 p.m. on Comcast, while the Galaxy play San Jose on NBC Sports network Saturday at 10:30 p.m.
The Nationals visit Wrigley Field for the weekend, with games on MASN Friday and Saturday afternoon, then on Fox Saturday night. The Orioles host Tampa Bay for a day/night doubleheader Friday on MASN2, with games Saturday on MASN2 and Sunday afternoon on MASN.
Fox also offers Red Sox-Yankees, Braves against Phillies and Cardinals facing the Dodgers. ESPN shows the Red Sox and Yankees Sunday night.
NASCAR visits Kentucky this weekend, with the Sprint Cup racers going Saturday at 7:30 p.m. on TNT. ESPN has the Nationwide race Friday at 7:30 p.m.
NBC Sports network offers the track and field outdoor championships Friday at 10 p.m. NBC brings coverage Saturday and Sunday at 4 p.m.
The revision downward of the first quarter GDP should mean downward hopes for Democrats in November.
It’s also possible that the weather kept people at home; after all, the unusually hard winter is thought to have hurt first-quarter GDP. Though as an explanation, weather is a lot more convincing when you’re talking about a tiny decline than it is when you’re talking about a huge drop like this. Snow keeps people from shopping so much; it does not cause them to abandon all economic activity and hole up in their homes waiting for the final trump to sound.
Establishment players will justify their tactics by claiming that all is fair in politics. Austin Barbour, a relative of former governor Haley Barbour, even went so far as to claim of the Cochran campaign: “We’ve spent a lot of time bringing a conservative message to black voters, as well as to white voters, the old and young, men and women.” Actually, the message was the antithesis of conservatism — that only an aging 76-year-old incumbent can bring home pork-barrel projects that largely benefit a business elite while the state’s voters are saddled with more federal debt.
At a news conference at the state Capitol lawmakers took turns praising the team and recalling long-ago victories against arch-rival, the Dallas Cowboys.
After listening to Democrats blame George W. Bush for all our current problems, Charlie Martin thinks he ought to hang it up.
The case against Democrats voting against Eric Cantor might be stronger - if the Republican establishment weren't luring Mississippi Democrats to help Thad Cochran.
Many outlet report it as a mixed bag, which it is. In fact, the LA Times might be slightly closer to right than Fox -- the Supreme Court's limits here seem pretty minor, even as they reaffirm that the EPA can regulate greenhouse gases even in absence of statutory authority.
By 7-2, the Court upheld the EPA's general self-asserted right to regulate carbon dioxide by entities already covered as "major polluters" in other areas (that is, with regard to other pollutants already named in Congressional law as actually within the EPA's ambit to regulate).
If 10,000 Democrats voted in the primary and all voted for Dave Brat, then Cantor barely won among Republicans.
They look to the 2012 Virginia presidential primary, where only 28 percent of the voters in the Cantor-Brat contest participated.
But only Mitt Romney and Ron Paul were on that primary ballot. Not a great incentive for voters to head out.
Cantor lost for many reasons. If Democratic voters had a part, it was the hammer to put a wounded candidate out of his misery.
What should we make of this episode? The primary focus of environmentalist anger didn’t seem to be the carbon dioxide emitted by UPS trucks, but rather the consumption of paper, which was mailed to people who didn’t ask for it.
Hot Air highlights the battle for the 3rd district of West Virginia, where the Democratic playbook runs into reality.
Wyblog notes the Presbyterian Church (USA) - not to be confused with EPC, PCA or other conservative Presbyterian - voted to sell its shares in Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola.
As Bill Clinton went on about his managerial experience, Obama began playing with his Blackberry under the table, making it plain that he wasn’t paying attention to anything Clinton had to say.
Paul Krugman tries to minimize the current VA concern - instead blaming high costs in other parts of the health care industry for our problems.
And, yes, some officials appear to have responded to incentives to reduce waiting times by falsifying data.
If data can be so easily falsified, then why does he rely so much on his data for the blame of high costs?
The number one song from the first countdown by Casey Kasem in 1970, Three Dog Night with "Mama told me not to come."
Tom White's experience with the Dave Brat win caught the attention of the Columbia Journalism Review.
In Virginia’s 7th District, tea party types regularly attend Republican meetings and belong to Republican committees, White says, and “as of right now they’re slowing moving into power”—the party is going through a “metamorphosis.”
The Patent Office actions against the Redskins trademarks is supposed to cost them money - they lose exclusive rights.
By the end of the weekend, we should have a pretty good idea of the 16 teams advancing to the knockout round.
The United States heads into the Amazon rainforest to face Portugal Sunday at 6 p.m. on ESPN. They enhanced their chances with Monday's 2-1 win over Ghana, while Portugal lost 4-0 to Germany and will play without a top defender who drew a red card in Monday's match.
Costa Rica takes on Italy Friday at 11:30 a.m., followed by Switzerland-France and Ecuador playing Honduras at 5:30 p.m. Argentina battles Iran Saturday at 11:30 a.m. on ESPN, then Germany and Ghana meet at 2:30 p.m. Nigeria takes on Bosnia-Herzegovina at 5:30 p.m.
The final day of the second round closes on ABC Sunday at 11:30 a.m. with Belgium and Russia, and Algeria faces South Korea at 2:30 p.m.
Teams are trying to stay alive in Omaha at the College World Series. Virginia faces Mississippi again Friday at 8 p.m., and a Cavalier win clinches the bracket. Vanderbilt won the first two games in its bracket, and plays Texas Friday at 3 p.m.
Deciding games in the two brackets will be played Saturday, if necessary. The best-of-three championship series starts Monday.
The Nationals host Atlanta on MASN2 Friday and Sunday, while the Orioles visit the Yankees on MASN for the weekend.
Fox offers Nationals-Braves Saturday at 7 p.m., and other areas of the country will see Pirates visiting the Cubs and Tigers against Indians. The Rangers and Angels battle on FoxSports1 Saturday at 10 p.m. and Sunday at 8 p.m. on ESPN.
NASCAR hits the road to Sonoma, with coverage on TNT Sunday at 3 p.m. The Nationwide Series visits Road America Saturday at 2:30 p.m. on ABC.
The Formula One circuit visits Austria this weekend. The race gets underway Sunday at 7:30 a.m., after qualifying Saturday at 8 a.m. and practice Friday at 8 a.m.
Don't forget your umbrella when the PGA tour visits Connecticut Saturday and Sunday at 3 p.m. on CBS.
Pinehurst hosts the U.S. Women's Open this weekend. NBC has coverage Saturday and Sunday at 3 p.m., after ESPN2 shows the second round Friday at 3 p.m.
The supposed bad news for Wisconsin governor Scott Walker is really the residue of crap that didn't stick.
An appellate judge has now ordered certain pleadings in the case to be unsealed, an order to which the Club For Growth did not object. The hysterical accusations against Scott Walker that the Associated Press, the Washington Post and others are now gleefully celebrating are simply the unfounded assertions that the prosecutors made in a failed effort to justify their partisan investigation. They are precisely the allegations that have been resoundingly rejected by the federal judge who has presided over the case and who has found the defendants’ investigation to be a naked violation of the conservative groups’ constitutional rights.
After all these years, Clinton is still reacting to a controversy by deflecting it. The public is left with a mound of words to parse.
Only one candidate filed for the Democratic nomination in the 38th Senatorial district, formerly held by Democrat Phil Puckett.
“I have worked in the coal industry all my life, if people care about protecting our economy and jobs in Southwest Virginia they need to vote for me,” said Mike Hymes. No one will work fight harder against those who are attacking our coal industry.”
I think the voters of the 38th district know which party likes coal and which party wants coal jobs gone.
Second, he failed to support the moderate, pro-Western opposition in neighboring Syria — creating room for ISIS to fill the security vacuum. ISIS took over large swaths of Syrian territory, established a safe haven, used it to recruit and train thousands of jihadists, and prepared their current offensive in Iraq.
“It’s so important for our schools to make the hard calls for our kids, because parents are struggling enough at home. So once you make that decision to set the rules, you don’t want to be undermined when your kids go to school and have some sweet cereal for breakfast with chocolate milk followed by a donut and then a burger and fries for lunch,” she added. “That’s why we’re in the state that we’re in right now, in regards to the epidemic of childhood obesity.”
Might be the start of your problem. Fewer children eat school breakfast, so focus on fixing that before moving onto lunch.
According to this source, a Simon & Schuster insider, "They sold 60,000 hard covers first week and 24,000 ebooks." The publishing house was "hoping and praying for 150,000 print first week."
It's been reported that one million copies of Clinton's book were shipped weeks before the June 10 publication date. "They will be lucky to sell 150,000 total lifetime," the source writes in the email.
Rush Limbaugh picked up on the discussion to boost Walker as the kind of Republican who seriously threatens Democrats.
She finds a few small errors in his presentation, mainly due to the difference between writing and radio broadcasting.
I agree with the big point: Scott Walker is powerful and threatening to Democrats because he stands firm on conservative principles, that's why he is targeted for destruction, and the racial politics is the way they do it. And that's how talk radio works. A lot of the material is sketchy and a bit off, but you're caught up in the cascade, and in the end, you get the point, and you probably agree with it, even if you've just had the unsettling experience of hearing your own name tossed out and your own words used and abused.
They’re building a huge museum dedicated to the Bible a few blocks from the Mall in Washington, D.C., with as much public space as the National Museum of American History. They’ve financed a lavish traveling exhibit as well, complete with a recreated Holy Land cave, a “Noah’s Ark experience” for kids and animatronic characters such as William Tyndale, who was burned at the stake for daring to translate the New Testament into English.
The Greens are sponsoring scholarly study of the Bible and hosting forums such a recent panel on faith’s role in shaping early America, which they hope to package for national broadcast.
The opening of her book tour/presidential campaign has featured some stumbles, causing some commentators to wonder if she has grown rusty and tone-deaf, isolated in the ice palace she erected to keep out the loathed press.
No one doubts that Hillary is tough and knowledgeable. But the question of how scarred and defensive she is, given all the fights and rough times she has gone through, and how that affects her judgment now, is a legitimate one.
In light of the unfolding disaster in Iraq, which is linked to the unfolding disaster in Syria, which is part of a broader failure in the Middle East, which is only one part of an across-the-board failure in foreign policy, which is separate from the failures at home–including healthcare.gov and ObamaCare more broadly, chronically high unemployment, the stimulus and “shovel ready jobs,” a historically weak economic recovery, the lowest workforce participation rate since the 1970s, increasing income inequality, and record poverty–the following needs to be said.
Even those of us who were highly critical of Mr. Obama early on, who twice voted against him and worked in campaigns to defeat him, could not envision how epically incompetent he would be.
But I think the biggest issue is the one that I hear the least about: Companies just don't need intermediaries as much as they used to. They can build their own Web pages, run their own videos on YouTube. Sure, they'd like to have our readers, but because our readers ignore or block their ads, maybe they should just put the money into building their own Web presence.
I am very jealous of you and don't care for you right now. There is about 10000% humidity in my classroom right now and the kids aren't even here yet. Just wait 10 minutes... this will not be pretty! If you see me later, don't SMELL me.
US interest in Iraq is not simply energy or economics — it is political example. Iran’s dictatorship and various violent Islamic militant groups know that a successful Iraqi democracy would be fatal to them and to their goals.(1) The US and Iraq must negotiate a new Status of Forces Agreement. To stabilize, Iraqis need confidence; a long-term US security presence inspires confidence. American kept a security “nightlight” in Germany and Japan for half a century.(2)
The World Cup kicked off Thursday with host Brazil beating Croatia, and there's three games Friday. Spain meets Netherlands at 3 p.m. on ESPN while Mexico battles Cameroon on ESPN2 Friday at 11:30 a.m. and it's Chile-Australia at 5:30 p.m.
ABC joins the action Saturday at 11:30 a.m. when Colombia meets Greece, and it's Uruguay-Costa Rica at 2:30 p.m. ESPN has England against Italy at 5:30 p.m., followed by Ivory Coast-Japan at 8:30 p.m.
Sunday's play on ABC starts with Switzerland facing Ecuador at 11:30 a.m. and France faces Honduras at 2:30 p.m. ESPN has the action at 5:30 p.m. when Argentina plays Bosnia-Herzegovina.
The Heat and Spurs continue their battle for the NBA championship Sunday at 8 p.m. with Game 5 in San Antonio.
Pinehurst hosts the best golfers at the U.S. Open, and Friday's coverage starts on ESPN at 9 p.m.. NBC has coverage 3-5 Friday, and starts action Saturday and Sunday at noon.
The Orioles close their homestand against the Blue Jays on MASN. The Nationals visit St. Louis on MASN2 Friday and Sunday.
Fox has Nationals and Cardinals Saturday at 7 p.m., along with the Angels against Braves and Reds meeting the Brewers. FoxSports1 offers Twins-Tigers at 4 p.m. Saturday, and ESPN has the Angels facing the Braves Sunday at 8 p.m.
Eight teams, including Virginia, have gathered in Omaha for the College World Series. UC-Irvine takes on Texas to start the action Saturday at 3 p.m. on ESPN2, and Vanderbilt meets Louisville at 8 p.m. Texas Tech tackles TCU at 3 p.m. Sunday, and the Cavaliers faces Mississippi at 8 p.m.
NASCAR visits Michigan for the weekend, with Sprint Cup series coverage on TNT Sunday at 1 p.m. The Nationwide racers go Saturday at 2 p.m. on ESPN and the truck series will be on FoxSports1 Saturday at 8:30 p.m.
The Mystics host Chicago Friday at 7 p.m. and Atlanta Sunday at 4 p.m. on Comcast. ESPN2 has Minnesota hosting Phoenix Sunday at 1 p.m.
But the key event of the election, which occurred during the Cantor crash week, was this: on May 28, Rep. Luis Gutierrez came all the way to Richmond to appear at the Virginia Capitol building for the purpose of declaring Eric Cantor to be “the one man standing in the way of immigration reform.”
Of course, the Allen mailers proclaiming the exact same message had gone out just a day or two before.
Adding one plus one together, not a soul present at the Gutierrez event was not suspicious that the Cantor team had coordinated with Gutierrez to produce pure theater. A Brat loss served Gutierrez’s interests, as Brat was clearly less of a partner on amnesty than Cantor, and Cantor knew that his amnesty history was killing him within his district.
So Brat showed up an hour ahead of the Gutierrez event — knowing the cameras would already be there — and got out the message that Cantor’s mailers were dishonest, and that Cantor was in fact the friend of amnesty in this race.
Goodlatte believes that piecemeal reforms — addressing border security, high-qualification immigrants and other matters separately — would be possible if many people, including Obama, were not holding all progress hostage to the chimera of “comprehensive” reform. Goodlatte has come to the conclusion that many people, including Obama, do not want reform but “only want the issue” of immigration for its political advantages.
Goodlatte, however, will continue the Sisyphean task of pushing the immigration boulder up Capitol Hill. The subject is, for him, personal. Immigration cases were about half his practice as a lawyer before he came to Congress in 1993, and he strongly sympathizes with his former clients — people who conscientiously tried to become legal immigrants while others, ignoring legality, “would go right around them.”
CNN determined that 15 of the incidents Everytown included were situations similar to the violence in Oregon — a minor or adult actively shooting inside or near a school. That works out to about one shooting every five weeks.
Some of the other incidents on Everytown’s list included personal arguments, accidents and alleged gang activities and drug deals.
Looking back, with the complete benefit of hindsight, it seems that something changed along the way for Cantor. I can’t put a precise date on it, but looking back on our posts about Cantor, I’d put the change sometime in late 2011, after Republicans gained control of the House, Cantor became Majority Leader, and he set his sights on even higher positions of power.
Until then, our posts reflect Cantor as a tough fighter, the “bad cop” to John Boehner’s “good cop” in fighting Obamacare and the Democratic agenda. Cantor was the guy designated to take on Obama directly in the final weeks prior to Obamacare being signed into law.
He started compromising that very quality people liked in him. He became more of the D.C. insider, the power player, the mushy middler who wanted Democrats to like him by toying with amnesty. To the extent amnesty was part of the reason Cantor lost, it was a symptom, not the disease.
Others trace the troubles to slating, the attempt by Cantor's crew to gain control of the state Republicans.
A couple of years ago during lunch, Eric and I talked about the challenges that he faced as Majority Leader. He was flying or driving to over 300 fundraising events a year, was constantly surrounded, as he was that day, by his bodyguards, and rarely spent time in his district. Over 300. He spent more time with constituents who could not vote for him – someone else’s constituents. After awhile, the distance between the incumbent and the voters became too far apart. People didn’t show up to vote for Cantor. Brat was in the district knocking on doors. Targeted doors. And a lot of them.
PJ Media's David Steinberg has followed the Cantor-Brat contest, and offers his advice for others fighting the establishment.
The candidate who did not lie in his campaign material, did not attempt to disenfranchise voters at several county conventions, did not help install a paid advisor as party executive director, did not headline a retreat discussing how to effectively marginalize his party’s base, and did not employ a crooked, Tammany Hall thug as chief adviser just won, and the Republican Party, having chosen the path Cantor exemplified, has the opportunity to be a more representative party and to change course before November.
“The Democratic Party is seen as fundamentally at odds with many important aspects of Mountain State life,” Skelly said. “It is seen as anti-coal, anti-gun, and anti-traditional values.”
"One of my own frustrations when I was in college and grad school is that you knew the professor was looking for a specific answer," Bock says. "You could figure that out, but it’s much more interesting to solve problems where there isn’t an obvious answer. You want people who like figuring out stuff where there is no obvious answer."
After two or three years, performance at college is "completely unrelated" to performance at Google, because the skills you learn are so different and you change so much, Bock says.
The resignation of Senator Phil Puckett means there are no Democrats in the Virginia legislature west of Roanoke.
Jack Kennedy — Wise County’s clerk of circuit court and a former Democratic member of the General Assembly — said coal has transformed the politics of the region.
“It’s growing much more anti-regulation, anti-anything to do with energy other than coal,” he said. “People are generally fearful of the changing economic climate.”
Voters in the areas he used to represent, Kennedy said, have watched coal lose prominence in many ideas for the future of the country’s energy — with the policies of President Barack Obama and the Environmental Protection Agency looming largest among them.
National Democrats appear solely interested in crippling current jobs - without a plan to replace them.
As the world awaits Hillary Clinton's latest book, the question looms - what did she do as Secretary of State?
She had the same impact as someone who writes a letter to the editor - not a powerful member of the administration.
For example, Kristof says “Clinton recognized that our future will be more about Asia than Europe, and she pushed hard to rebalance our relations.” Yet here’s his very next sentence: “She didn’t fully deliver on this ‘pivot’ — generally she was more successful at shaping agendas than delivering on them — but the basic instinct to turn our ship of state to face our Pacific future was sound and overdue.” She didn’t accomplish her goal, but that’s OK because she recognized, along with everyone else in the entire world, that China is important.
“She was often more hawkish than the White House,” Kristof argues, and notes Clinton’s support for arming Syrian rebels. This was “vetoed” by Obama, Kristof rightly explains, so it’s a bit unclear what part of nonexistent policies established this “hefty legacy” we keep hearing about.
How nice for Democrats to be offended, and wonder if Senator Puckett was bribed to leave the state senate?
In the 18 months since I began writing columns focused on the presidency, virtually every post critical of Obama has originated from conversations with Democrats. Members of Congress, consultants, pollsters, lobbyists, and executives at think tanks, these Democrats are my Obama-whispers. They respect and admire Obama but believe that his presidency has been damaged by his shortcomings as a leader; his inattention to details of governing; his disengagement from the political process and from the public; his unwillingness to learn on the job; and his failure to surround himself with top-shelf advisers who are willing to challenge their boss as well as their own preconceived notions.
Even though the economy continues to grow — glacially, and fitfully — huge swaths of the country are not seeing any noticeable improvement.
Slight improvement doesn't give confidence for the future. And how long can the "Blame Bush" game last?
Little did Cantor know that this exquisitely calibrated stand would prove to be about the most embarrassing position he could take — when the “kids,” often unaccompanied, started surging across the southern border, causing a humanitarian and policy crisis just as he was facing a challenge in Tuesday’s Virginia primary.
After wins at the Kentucky Derby and Preakness, the colt goes for the first Triple Crown since 1978 at the Belmont Stakes.
California Chrome drew the second post position Wednesday. If he's the best of the 11-horse field, he'll be the 12th horse to claim the Triple Crown. NBC has coverage starting Saturday at 4:30 p.m.
The battle for the NBA title continues Sunday as the Heat meet the Spurs on ABC at 8 p.m. Could somebody check the building's AC by then?
It's the second game of the Stanley Cup final Saturday at 8 p.m. on NBC Sports network, with the New York Rangers facing the Los Angeles Kings. The Kings took the opener in overtime at home Wednesday.
The Nationals head to San Diego for the weekend on MASN2 (Saturday on MASN). The Orioles meet Oakland on MASN Friday and Sunday.
Fox offers Orioles-A's Saturday at 7 p.m., along with Red Sox-Tigers and Yankees against Royals. It's Red Sox facing the Tigers on ESPN Sunday at 8 p.m., while FoxSports1 offers the Indians facing the Rangers Saturday at 4 p.m.
The road to Omaha continues with Super Regional weekend. ESPN2 starts its action Friday at 1 p.m. when Stanford meets Vanderbilt, and Houston battles Texas at 4 p.m.
Virginia and Maryland start the day on ESPN2 Saturday at noon, followed by Vanderbilt-Stanford and the first contest between Mississippi and Louisiana-Lafayette. ESPN has the second game between Houston and Texas at 2 p.m.
Virginia plays Maryland again at noon Sunday on ESPN2, and it's Mississippi battling Louisiana-Lafayette at 9 p.m. There's four possible deciding games for College World Series berths, with ESPN coverage at 2 p.m. and ESPN at 3 and 6 p.m.
Breakfast at the French Open will be Sunday at 9 a.m. with the men's final on NBC. It's men's semifinals on NBC Friday at 11 a.m. and the women's final Saturday at 9 a.m.
NASCAR starts its run on TNT at Pocono Sunday at 1 p.m. The truck series heads to Texas Friday at 9 p.m. on FoxSports1.
NBC Sports network has the Indy Car race from Texas Saturday at 8 p.m., while the Canadian Grand Prix will be on NBC Sunday at 2 p.m. There's practice Friday at 2 p.m. on NBC Sports network and qualifying Saturday at 1 p.m.
Mexico and Portugal play an International Friendly on ESPN2 Friday at 8:30 p.m., while the United States meets Nigeria on ESPN Saturday at 5:30 p.m.
It's time for X Games from Austin, with coverage continuing Friday at 8 p.m., and Saturday at noon and 8 p.m. ESPN is back at it Sunday at noon while ABC has coverage Saturday and Sunday at 2 p.m.
She predicted Democrats would quickly regret nominating a career trial lawyer. "Now he's running against a farm girl, and he's running against that farm girl in Iowa," Ernst said.
Exhibit A: Ms. Rice. In one of the most tone-deaf statements in White House history (we’re making a lot of history here), the national-security advisor, on a Sunday talk show, described Bergdahl as having served “with honor and distinction.” Those serving in uniform and those of us who served previously were already stirred up, but that jaw-dropper drove us into jihad mode.
The furor over the release of five Taliban leaders won't die - since we're afraid Americans will die after the decision.
Any hint that these five have any part in the death of Americans will show the foolishness of the decision.
"I recently wrote to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to request that the usual 60-day comment period be doubled to 120 days to allow maximum opportunity for citizens and stakeholders to analyze the rule and share concerns and ideas. I am gratified that EPA has agreed to this request, and I look forward to dialogue with Virginia families and businesses about the proposal.”
The real story is what Chris McDaniel said this morning to his supporters here at Chick-fil-A: “The most conservative state in the country needs the most conservative senator in the country” — and by any measure, Thad Cochran falls short of that goal.
Most of us will rarely be put in a position to exhibit extraordinary heroism. Most of us lead ordinary lives and so our strength of character manifests itself in ordinary ways. That’s why we can not falter in these little moments. We will be defined by the doors we hold, the shopping carts we return, the garlic bread we forgo because we know we’re going to be sitting in a crowded movie theater right after we finish dinner. Let us not fail when the spotlight, however dim, however seemingly insignificant, shines upon us.
The fictitious Lt. Commander Troi eventually learned her first duty is to her ship, But for Barack Obama his first duty has always been to himself and his political benefit.
May God have mercy on us for doing so, because those Taliban commanders and their Al Qaeda allies will not.
Yet as sex looms ever larger as an aspirational good, we also live in a society where more people are single and likely to remain so than in any previous era. And since single people have, on average, a lot less sex than the partnered and wedded, a growing number of Americans are statistically guaranteed to feel that they’re not living up to the culture’s standard of fulfillment, happiness and worth.
young nude models video adult skate shoes surgically implanted sperm in female dog X men evolution goth from teen titans
I am the footer call-to-action block, here you can add some relevant/important information about your company or product. I can be disabled in the theme options.
The Rothko Chapel, founded by Houston philanthropists John and Dominique de Menil, was dedicated in 1971 as an intimate sanctuary available to people of every belief. A tranquil meditative environment inspired by the mural canvases of Russian born American painter Mark Rothko (1903-1970), it welcomes over 60,000 visitors each year, people of every faith and from all parts of the world.
In the spirit of the Chapel’s humanist mission to inspire people to action through art and contemplation and to provide a forum for global concerns, the CULTURUNNERS event brings together pioneering artists, scholars and community groups to cultivate new perspectives on cultural collaboration. It is part of the core component of EoA’s multi-year journey between the Middle East and the United States and aims to assess the potential of artists’ journeys to connect people through creativity and beyond identities defined by culture, religion, nation, citizenship, economic status, profession, gender or age.
EoA is an independent non-profit arts and education initiative dedicated to connecting Middle Eastern artists with international audiences. To date, it has welcomed 250,000 visitors to its exhibitions, distributed over 50,000 books and catalogues worldwide, impacted over 300 schools and universities through its award winning education programme and reached a wider audience of over 10,000,000 through a dedicated communications campaign.
Supported by FotoFest International and the Arab American Cultural and Community Center of Houston (ACC), the event will kick off with an inter-generational, cross-cultural discussion on the role of artists’ journeys in generating positive social change. Participants include EoA co-founder Stephen Stapleton, as well as award-winning Houston-based photographers and founders of the FotoFest Biennial, Fred Baldwin and Wendy Watriss and Palestinian artist Taysir Batniji.
Rice University Professor Ussama Makdisi, renowned scholar of US-Middle Eastern cultural relations, will moderate the discussion that will be hosted by the event. It will be followed by ‘journey’ film screenings by Saudi Arabian artist Ahmed Mater. Over the next three years, CULTURUNNERS will travel across the US, communicating and archiving new forms of creative collaboration between American communities and the Middle East.
An independent artistic collaboration between US-based artists from Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Art, Culture and Technology Program, Azra Aksamija and
Peter Schmidt and Stapleton, the project, after its launch in Houston, will then begin its journey up the East Coast, stopping off along the way at Louisiana State University and communities in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina and Massachusetts, with major events to be announced in October 2014.
Mater was born 1979 in Saudi Arabia and lives and works in Abha, Saudi Arabia. His interdisciplinary art, encompassing photography, calligraphy, painting, installation, performance and video, explores the narratives and aesthetics of Islamic culture in an era of rampant globalisation, consumerism and transformation.
Batniji is an interdisciplinary visual artist who divides his time between France and Palestine. His practice incorporates drawing, painting, installation and performance, often closely related to his heritage. However, since 2001, he has focused primarily on photography and video.
Swiss-born Baldwin co-founded FotoFest International in 1983 and served as president from 1984 to 2001, when he became Chairman of the Board of Directors. Following a BA from Columbia University in 1956, he began working as a freelance photographer. He has been commissioned by many international publications including LIFE, National Geographic and the New York Times.
Watriss, Co-founder of FotoFest International in 1983, worked as a freelance photographer, writer, curator, newspaper reporter, and producer of television documentaries from 1965 to 1993. Since 1991, she has been Artistic Director and Senior Curator for FotoFest, curating and organising more than sixty international exhibitions on photography and photo-related art from the Arab world, China (1934-2008), Latin American photography (1865-1992), Russia (1950s-2012), US Latino photography, Central European photography, the global environment, new media, water, artists responding to violence and Guantánamo, among other themes.
Stapleton is an artist and curator. After encountering the artistic community in Abha, Saudi Arabia, during a journey across the Middle East in 2003, he founded the Offscreen Education Programme and EoA as platforms for cultural dialogue between the Middle East and western world.
Middle East and EoA.Projects, an art gallery showing contemporary art from the Middle East based in Battersea, London. He has published several books related to the Middle East including Offscreen: Four Young Artists in the Middle East, Edge of Arabia, Contemporary Art from Saudi Arabia and has won several awards for his work in the field of intercultural education.
Makdisi is the Professor of History and the first holder of the Arab-American Educational Foundation Chair of Arab Studies at Rice University, Houston. In April 2009, the Carnegie Corporation named him a 2009 Carnegie Scholar as part of its effort to promote original scholarship regarding Muslim societies both in the United States and abroad. He has published widely on Ottoman and Arab history as well as on US-Arab relations and US missionary work in the Middle East.
Art Jameel — Abdul Latif Jameel Community Initiative’s (ALJCI) arts and culture initiative — aims to foster and promote a thriving arts scene within the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey (MENAT) region and to support the development of creative enterprises. In partnership with art organisations worldwide, it develops cultural exchange programmes to encourage networking and knowledge sharing.
It is the founding partner of EoA, The Crossway Foundation, Arabian Wings, Jeddah Art Week and The Archive. In partnership with the Victoria & Albert Museum in London, it provides the biannual Jameel Prize for contemporary art inspired by Islamic traditions.
Additional projects include Jeddah Sculptures Museum, a public park established in collaboration with Jeddah Municipality; the Art Jameel Photography Award and the Art Jameel Art Olympics, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education in Saudi Arabia.
FotoFest was founded in 1983 as an international, non-profit organisation based in Houston, Texas. Over the past 20 years, it has curated or sponsored groundbreaking
exhibitions on photo-related art from Latin America, China, Russia, Central and Eastern Europe, Korea, Japan, England, Germany, France, the Middle
organisation in Houston, Texas, governed by a volunteer Board of Directors. Since its inception in 1995, it has been committed to fulfilling its mission of serving the Arab American community in Houston through cultural programmes, outreach and social services; promoting Arab culture and heritage and fostering a greater understanding of Arab culture amongst the Houston community at large by serving as a liaison and resource centre.
It aims to contribute to the integration of Arabs as Americans, to provide a forum for cultural, educational and recreational interaction and offer opportunities for association and social contact.
Comments and questions from residents regarding these documents are welcomed as part of our education and outreach process. Please email comments to: environmental@fortworthtexas.gov.
Minimum price $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $50,000 $100,000 $130,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $950,000 $1M $1.1M $1.2M $1.3M $1.4M $1.5M $1.6M $1.7M $1.8M $1.9M $2M $2.1M $2.2M $2.3M $2.4M $2.5M $2.6M $2.7M $2.8M $2.9M $3M $3.5M $4M $5M $10M $20M
Maximum price $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $50,000 $100,000 $130,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $950,000 $1M $1.1M $1.2M $1.3M $1.4M $1.5M $1.6M $1.7M $1.8M $1.9M $2M $2.1M $2.2M $2.3M $2.4M $2.5M $2.6M $2.7M $2.8M $2.9M $3M $3.5M $4M $5M $10M $20M
{{submission.Address.FullStreetAddress}}, {{submission.Address.City}} {{submission.Address.State}} {{submission.Address.PostalCode}}
This page offers some new and helpful decisions for those who have found or vice versa lost their license number. Just view and you will notice the list consisting of seven-digit car identification codes. The list stars with BAABY and if you like it is possible to find the owner of any motor vehicle or ask for a help in the case you have your car license plates. If you lost or found a car license plate with characters BAABY, send a message and all visitors will be able to view it on this web-page.
If you cannot locate an item in the Monarch Catalog, you can search WISCAT (Wisconsin Resource Sharing Catalog). This allows you to find materials in Wisconsin public and academic libraries, as well as Minnesota libraries.
Once you have found items you are interested in, please call the library to have our interlibrary loan person order them for you. This service is generally free, but some items may involve a fee.
The Evening Book Group meets the 3rd Thursday of each month from 6:45 to 7:45 p.m. in the library’s small meeting room. Join us for some interesting reading and lively conversation. No registration is required. All are welcome! Free coffee, tea, and hot chocolate provided by the Friends of the Germantown Community Library!
Copies of the selected books are available at the Circulation Desk. Please bring your library card to check out a copy.
The History Buff Book Group meets the 3rd Friday of each month from 1:00 to 2:00 p.m. in the library’s large meeting room. Join us for some interesting reading and lively conversation. No registration is required. All are welcome! Free coffee, tea, and hot chocolate provided by the Friends of the Germantown Community Library!
Target Audience: Adults with early stage dementia, mild memory loss or mild cognitive impairment (MCI), and a family member or care partner
Held the 3rd Monday of each month @ 3:00 – 4:30 p.m. on a rotating basis with Menomonee Falls, Germantown, Brookfield, and Elm Grove libraries.
Join us for stories, movement and music geared for preschoolers. Storytime is a great way to introduce growing kids to books, social interaction and lifelong learning!
Preschool Storytime is held during sessions throughout the year. Check our website for specific dates and themes.
a stokey regular, but i went to the prince last night which was just off church street, and it was pretty nice! give it a gogo..
...has been mentioned before. My friends like it I think. I think daisy_steiner of these boards has her book club there or something praps.
as a last resort. felt like i could get glassed at any moment. Normally that's the sign of a good pub, but not in this case. and OH LORD that refurb! Was it done by blind and dumb primary school children?
Bar 23 can be tolerable as a venue for late-night drinking but unfortunately holds a totally appalling drink selection.
I normally avoid anything on Kingsland Road until I get to the end with all the poncey bars. I don't know the Cricketers either. Normally when I decide I like a pub I just go there and save being disappointed somewhere else. As a result of that, I know fuck all places.
as if you're really putting them out every time you order a pint. i don't even like it for sport, can never seem to get a decent view.
The new record from Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti is out in June, but you knew that already. The news this time round is that the tracklisting has been unveiled (to those who didn't previously know what it was) and, perhaps more importantly, a UKish tour-ish has also been revealed. It'll take place around the release of the record, which is handy.
The tracklist for Before Today is below, as is the artwork. You can also get a free track from here.
In his interview with the news channel, the former Governor described RBI as a "seat belt", which would save the "driver" - the government - if an accident occurs.
On reports that the government might have imposed Section 7 of the RBI Act curtailing its autonomy, he said it is unlikely that any such step has been taken, suggesting that both the government and the RBI should respect each other's motivation and thoughts.
Citing Section 7 of the RBI Act - an unprecedented move in the 80-year history of RBI - the government wants RBI Governor Urjit Patel to address three prime concerns.
"We will do everything to protect the interests of the economy", one of the members of the RBI central board told Reuters, noting the governor and his team would have to "explain, defend and justify" their decisions at the board meeting.
Sources have also claimed that the ministry has proposed that from 2017-18, the RBI, after taking into account its capital requirement should transfer the entire surplus to the government - a point of contention between the two bodies. The central bank, however, feels that it needs to retain a share of profits to make its balance sheet stronger, as per media reports.
If the government dips into the RBI's capital, it will not create any new government revenue and using the reserves maintained by the RBI will erode the market's confidence in the government's commitment to deal with the fiscal deficit and inflation issues.
In its attempt to clean up the banking system, the RBI introduced Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework that places curbs on lending, expanding branch network and dividend distribution on weak banks.
The differences between the government and the central bank became public after RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya said the government should not interfere with the central bank's autonomy.
"We don't know whether the board will supersede the RBI in that case", said the source. The last meeting of the board was held in October.
Acharya said that undermining central bank independence could be "potentially catastrophic", and he even cited meddling by the Argentine government in the affairs of its central bank in 2010 - prompting big drops in that nation's financial markets - as a sign of how bad things can get. It also felt that the central bank has been sometimes "arbitrary" when it came to the transfer of the transfer of the interim surplus.
Meanwhile, LiAngelo, the middle of the Ball brothers, went undrafted in June and is now returning to the U.S.to enter the G-League player pool.
Speculation is mounting that more dates will be added once tickets go on sale at 10:30 GMT on Saturday. But this isn't the first time the British singer has spoken out about her love for the girl band.
Watts claimed Shanann had killed one daughter and was actively trying to kill the other when he attacked her in an act of passion. He could be heard sniffing and trembled each time he said "guilty" in response to each charge read against him by the judge.
During the hearing on Tuesday, Sayoc responded "Yes, sir" to questions from the judge and hugged his lawyer after the hearing. The 56-year-old was recently extradited to NY from Florida, where he was arrested October 26 at an auto parts store.
Beierle had been previously been arrested a few times on various charges, including assault, the records say. Schulz said in a statement that Beirele had been "immediately let go" once he was accused of misconduct.
If you look at the interface, it showed a device with thin symmetrical bezels all round and there's no notch at the top. The notch is a smartphone cutout above the display that hides camera sensors, LED sensors, and even audio speakers.
Series creator Vince Gilligan is said to be overseeing the project, but that's about all that's being reported right now. Production is set to being in Albuquerque in mid November and continue until early February, the Journal says.
Obviously, we do not yet have any vote totals here, the night before the election. " Florida's economy is humming". As he left the polling place, a crowd gathered outside chanting, "Bring it home!" "I voted for you", she replied.
In Missouri, voters will be asked to chose between three separate proposals legalizing medical marijuana to varying degrees. In Utah and Missouri, voters on Tuesday decided that patients should have access to medical marijuana.
However, Mrs May has said another vote would be a betrayal of the pubic's trust following the 2016 referendum. More than 70 business leaders have signed a letter calling for a People's Vote on the UK's Brexit deal.
The users were encouraged to send a small amount of Bitcoin to an account, and a much larger amount would be sent in return. Let us know what you think down below! Matalan's response to regaining control of the company Twitter account.
Sterling and Sane were running raucous on the wings and the Southampton defenders had no answer to their blistering pace. Manchester City are the outright leading scorer in the league this season after scoring 33 goals in 11 league games.
The invitation to Christmas dinner has also fuelled rumours that Doria Ragland may move to London, from her home in Los Angeles. Instead, the royals give silly gifts - one year, Middleton reportedly even gave Harry a plastic Grow Your Own Girlfriend kit.
The happy bride-to-be Priyanka Chopra shared photos on her Instagram account. Priyanka Chopra with Parineeti Chopra at the Mumbai airport.
"Once these data are obtained and analysed, astronomers may know more about the origin and possibly composition of the object". The team termed the possible propulsion system a "lightsail of artificial origin".
Beautiful wooded tract of just over 12 acres in Ocklawaha. Just 6 miles north of Hwy 42 on paved road SE 182nd Av and east of the Villages of Lady Lake and East of Lake Weir its far enough but not to far. Property features lots of mature pine and hard woods and an abundance of wildlife including Turkey, Deer and hogs. (see pictures) Priced at just over $7,000 per acre this is a property you need to see soon.
FISH stands for Friends in Service Here. FISH is a nonprofit, all-volunteer organization, incorporated in the state of Connecticut, dedicated to helping Sherman residents in need of local area transportation. We are a group of about 55 Sherman neighbors who wish to express our caring and concern by helping Sherman residents to get to their needed appointments. We have been doing this since 1971 by providing certain non-professional services such as:
Anyone who is properly trained by our training coordinator may become a member of FISH. There are two forms of service in FISH: drivers and ride coordinators.
Our drivers are on call one day a month to drive our "clients" to appointments within our immediate area: Kent, Bridgewater, New Milford, Brookfield, Danbury, Newtown, and New Fairfield. We also keep a list of Reserve Drivers who may accept random assignments on days when the scheduled driver is already committed.
Our ride coordinators are assigned one day per month to arrange rides over the phone, coordinating between our answering service, the client, and the driver on duty that day. Ride coordinators may serve from any location reachable by phone.
Drives Last year (October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017), we received 173 calls and drove a total of 5,898.5 miles. We served 23 residents who needed our services and who would likely not be able to remain in town if it were not for our special volunteer group.
We get calls for service almost every day and in our busiest months this year (January and June), we had 20 rides. We average one ride a day, but it is not uncommon for us to depend on reserve drivers as we have had up to 4 requests on a specific day this past year.
Equipment Loans We loaned out 32 pieces of equipment (wheelchairs, walkers, commodes, bath seats, shower chairs, etc.) to 19 different clients.
Because we are a 501(c)(3) organization, your donation is tax-deductible to the extent the law allows.
You can use any credit card, and do not need a PayPal account to donate - just click on the "Donate" button below:
TIP! Skin tests are reliable for identifying allergens, but these results cannot predict how severe a reaction you may have to these substances. For instance, a test might indicate that you’re allergic to a particular type of spore. You can experience allergic reactions in many forms. You can experience things ranging from a runny nose […]
Many dancers, gymnasts and models do pilates for fitness. Pilates requires control and form to strengthen, stretch and stabolize key muscles.
Sam Club Sheet Cake Prices Sam S Club 22 S & 26 Reviews Department Stores 424 George, picture size 1000x1000 posted by admin at October 18, 2018
This image of Sam Club Sheet Cake Prices Sam S Club 22 S & 26 Reviews Department Stores 424 George is a part of and just one of our Picture Collection we have to Designing Cakes in this site. If you're inspired , amazed and charmed by this Sam Club Sheet Cake Prices Sam S Club 22 S & 26 Reviews Department Stores 424 George Cake Design Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Sam Club Sheet Cake Prices Sam S Club 22 S & 26 Reviews Department Stores 424 George , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing Cakes and Cake Decoration. If you need more Cake Design Inspiration or Cake Design Ideas to Designing Cakes , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Fidatofarm.com to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Fidatofarm.com Admin
The best place to buy a download of my debut studio album (on the theme of music and my journey with it), Secrets I Told to a Sound Hole. Bonus tracks released separately on other digital stores as It’s About the Mosh.
A/N: An extension of the drabble "Sequel" that I wrote in "Epilogues and Beginnings," included below.
Undertaker opens his and finds the following things: a lock of midnight hair, a stoppered vial of still-liquid blood, and a vellum square bearing the true name of an ancient demon and the phrase, Get me out of this.
Undertaker cackles. The ritual will take ten mortal years to prepare, and Sebastian must know that. But it will be good to be owed a favor by such a senior denizen of Hell. Undertaker picks up the box, and goes to begin.
They both feel it. In bone and in blood, in flesh and in sinew. It pierces. Ciel screams and clutches at his eye, the moment unexpected and unprepared for.
Sebastian has been waiting for this, is all too ready. But he screams aloud when the pain sears through him all the same.
Ciel falls to his knees. His body whips through a dozen transformations in half a heartbeat, all the forms with which he has become familiar--winged demon, human guise, wasp, leviathan. None of them buy him relief. He continues to scream.
Sebastian does not seek to escape. He has waited many mortal years for this, and his own demon heartbeat has been the clock that has counted each moment. From the instant the ritual was begun on his behalf, he was aware and waiting.
Their screams stop at the same moment. Sebastian staggers back; Ciel cannot move from where he kneels. He blanches, not with any human drain of blood from skin, but as every spectrum in his demon form shifts, light scattering as it strikes him, then turning him black as the particles of his body shift again. He is all things and nothing at once.
Sebastian crouches, not, assuredly, out of weakness, but to watch. To await the moment when he will act. Before his eyes Ciel is remade, in a metamorphosis that no mortal eyes would be able to perceive. But a demon can see every exquisite atom of it.
Ultraviolet and pitch, infrared and shadow. Sebastian watches Ciel die and be reborn layer by layer. The blond of bone, the ochre of a vascular system, the pink and yellow jellies of muscle and fat. At last the nacre of skin overlies all, with the midnight hair and the mismatched blue and dusky purple of the eyes punctuating the milky human perfection of Ciel's form.
Not his form, no, that is not quite the truth. Ciel as a demon has fit himself to so many forms. What Sebastian sees, the human flesh Ciel now inhabits, is Ciel's self.
The primordial dust of the universe shivers, nearly creaks in protest. To undo that which by existing demon contract must not, cannot be undone would have torn all of creation to nothingness. That is why Ciel still bears the contract mark upon his eye. Why it has not faded from Sebastian's hand. The transformation has not nullified that contract.
But other magics, other machinations, those of the souls which have long since fled this plane, so distantly eradicated they cannot even be sifted from the dust of this world...such magics might, under the right conditions, the proper sacrifices, the necessary interventions, be circumvented.
"I may not choose to collect for quite some time, Sebastian," cackles Undertaker as he witnesses the end of his hard-won ritual from his spypoint in the Library, knowing better than to intrude on the scene but eager for a first-hand view of the results.
Ciel's face shows shock, shows astonishment--what it does not show is anger. He feels none. Demon Ciel might have been piqued to know that he had been conspired against, that he was to be undone by the quiet confederacy of demon and death god. Human Ciel has no time for offense, as he is overwhelmed by the realization, the turnabout of the fate for which his demon self never wasted a sliver of regret: he can, at last, fulfill his bargain.
Not only that, he has time for his mouth to begin shaping the words. He gets no further than the single severed syllable, "Eyef--" before being silenced by the lack of breath, the lack of a throat, a pulse, or, indeed, much remnant of a body at all, as Sebastian, valuing efficiency far more than delicacy at this moment, tears into Ciel, seeking the glittering thing at every human's core.
As the prize comes free, as the glory of it crunches between Sebastian's teeth and slips like sugar and cream and heat and rapture down his throat, Sebastian knows only the ecstasy of a promise at last fulfilled, of a starvation finally sated, of the taste of unsoiled beauty on his tongue, filling his belly, suffusing his veins. It is too splendid a moment to sully with any other thought.
But as the ecstasy ebbs to a warm joyous satisfaction, equally sweet but calmer, Sebastian reflects that he knows exactly what his late master was trying to say, what it was he knew. That Sebastian would not wait, could not wait to apologize, to explain, to make time for any words of parting, whether gloating or tender. Not when he had twice before been denied his meal in the last mocking moments. Ciel knew the time for a gentle transition was long past. I forgive you, he was beginning to say, would have said had Sebastian given him even that much time.
And, replete with Ciel's soul, Sebastian knows that Ciel might even have forgiven him the gluttony of the act. Devouring Ciel's soul was no longer just the fulfillment of a contract, no longer just a feeding, but the end to Sebastian's bondage. To bolt such a delicacy, one so long nurtured and anticipated, without taking the time to savor it properly...well, a younger Sebastian would have called the demon who did such a thing uncouth.
Licking the blood from his hands, Sebastian contemplates the mess of his master's remains. He concludes that, yes, in the wake of such a hasty meal, he is entitled to a little digestif.
English English (UK) Deutsch Dansk español Français Italiano Русский Українська Беларуская 日本語 Português Esperanto עברית Nederlands Magyar Gaeilge íslenska suomi Ελληνικά Norsk bokmål Svenska polski 简体中文 Latviešu Türkçe Bahasa Melayu हिन्दी Brazilian Portuguese Chinese Traditional Lietuvių Norsk nynorsk
Running is a great way to fight stress, stay in shape and, if you’re so inclined, flex your competitive spirit in races. But injuries can be a problem.
During the course of a year, 32 percent of long-distance runners and 52 percent of marathon runners experience an injury, according to research published in the journal American Family Physician. Novices are twice as likely to get injured.
“Because a runner is pounding the pavement for so long, it’s often just mechanical strain,” says Alan Shih, DPM, director of podiatry at Head to Toe Healthcare in Tucson. In fact, most injuries stem from overuse. Here are some ways to prevent such injuries
Wear the correct type of shoe based on your foot type and running style. It’s a good idea to get fitted at a store that specializes in running shoes..
Your body grows stronger by being stressed in small increments, but starts to break down if it’s stressed too much. Going above 10 percent can tip it into breakdown mode.
At any given time, aim to increase speed or distance, but not both. Focusing on only one will be more effective and is less likely to cause injury.
After doing a hard run, make the next one easy. “The body is like a cell phone,” says Shih. “If you continue to use it without recharging, it will eventually wear down.”
We often hear that shoes can last for 300 to 500 miles, but wear and tear depends on an individual’s body weight, hard or soft landings with each stride, and style of running. The tread may be in decent shape, while the cushioning has worn out. If you feel more achy than usual, your shoes could be over the hill.
European researchers found that among experienced runners, rotating different pairs of running shoes reduced injuries by 39 percent. Because cushioning varies from one pair to another, the impact on lower legs is different, and there is less repetitive strain on tissues.
Weight training isn’t always popular among runners, “but proper strength training can help you overcome muscle imbalances that lead to injury, as well as strengthen connective tissues that help support your joints,” says Shih.
The classic treatment is RICE: rest, ice, compression, and elevation. To relieve pain and inflammation, use an ice pack for no more than 20 minutes, every four to six hours. After 48 to 72 hours, heat does a better job at promoting healing.
Over-the-counter pain medications reduce inflammation and pain, but can lead to damage if you take them to get through a workout. “They do not speed healing,” says Shih, “and they allow you to overstress already damaged tissue.”
When recovering from an injury, says Shih, “Active rest, or easy exercise, is better than inactivity because it stimulates blood flow and promotes healing.” Consider swimming, water exercises, or cycling.
Once an injury has healed, it’s tempting to jump back in where you left off, but easing in gradually is more effective. “During the first few weeks back is when most people get reinjured,” says Shih.
If an injury isn’t healing, or you experience the same type of injury again and again, get it checked by a health professional. It could be a stress fracture. Flat feet or high arches can lead to repetitive injuries. Or, muscle imbalances in other parts of your body could be predisposing you to aches and pains.
While traditional wisdom tells women to “take it easy” during pregnancy, new evidence shows it’s not harmful, and may even benefit your baby, to stay active.
Detailed info on the most common dental procedures, including braces, bleaching, bridges, dentures, dental implants, fillings, root canal.
ATA-003 | Jade Luxor Award - is currently on backorder. You may still purchase now though and we'll ship as soon as more become available.
Jump to... Checkout - 0 items Search About Us Contact Us Free Shipping Policy Privacy Policy Our Guarantee Sitemap Sign in
News. by the people, for the people. The #1 source for independent investigative journalism in the Show-Me State, serving Missouri since 2011.
Posted in 99 Percent, American austerity, Austerity Budget, Chicago School, debt weapon, Detroit, Domestic Politics, Domestic Poverty, Economic Slowdown, Neoliberal Policies, Occupy Detroit, Occupy Flint, Pension Cuts, Privatization, Protests, Technocrats, Totalitarian Regime, Unemployment, US, US Economy, War Against Us, Workers Unions	| Leave a reply
A once shuttered warehouse is now a state of the art lab where new workers are mastering the 3D printing that has the potential to revolutionize the way we make almost everything.
So tonight, I’m announcing the launch of three more of these manufacturing hubs, where businesses will partner with
the Departments of Defense and Energy to turn regions left behind by globalization into global centers of high-tech jobs. And I ask this Congress to help create a network of fifteen of these hubs and guarantee that the next revolution in manufacturing is Made in America.”
One of the most common means for government to attract manufacturing companies and plants is the use of an EEZ. An EEZ (Enhanced Enterprize Zone) is designed to encourage manufacturing companies to open plants in certain designated areas. When a company operates in an EEZ, they are given significant tax breaks and other corporate welfare. These tax breaks and incentives have been shown to harm communities rather than help them.
Monday night, with little notice, the Camden County Commission met with the public to discuss the creation of an EEZ board. Approximately thirty citizens showed up to voice concerns about the proposal.
It was announced that Fire Chief Riley of Sunrise Beach could be part of the EEZ board. Also, it was mentioned that Macks Creek was asked for a representative from the school. They curiously deferred, it was stated, to Camdenton for the appointment.
County Presiding Commissioner Kris Franken indicated that there may be larger abatements to companies coming from outside Missouri than those given to businesses in the state. Commissioner Luber asked Mac McNally of the Lake of the Ozarks Council of Governments, not once but twice, if there are real examples of successful EEZ’s. Three of the four counties in LOCOG currently have EEZ’s. McNally said he did not have the information and would look into it.
Issues ranged from the lack of notification of the meeting and concerns about tax incentives. One citizen brought up the recent attempt to bring an EEZ into Columbia and the public’s stance against it. The EEZ was voted down there. The reasons for the defeat of the measure in Columbia were many. First, there is no real data to support the claim that EEZ’s provide any benefit to the community. Companies operating in an EEZ instead receive corporate welfare in places where the work force, often in poverty, has no choice but to accept a low paying job. In this aspect, the benefits of the EEZ are offset by a further loss of tax dollars.
The favorite tool to create an EEZ is a two-fold landgrab. Through the use of eminent domain and declaring areas blighted, land becomes available to the company at a fraction of market value. The citizens have little protection against receiving such a designation. Commonly, inspections are used to determine structures in an area to be deemed blighted. If this sounds like a familiar refrain, here comes the chorus.
Franken’s Planning and Zoning Commission met last week and passed controversial Article 600. They did this without taking public comment, immediately adjourning after voting to pass without changes demanded by the community. The community had expressed concerns about the vague, arbitrary language used in the article, allowing inspections, notifying lien holders of violations and hefty fines. After passing Article 600 without changes, Commissioner Cliff Luber stated he believed an agenda was being pursued.
Franken appears to be a man on a mission. After taking office, he fired a member of the County IT staff responsible for the county mapping programs and software. He moved the county land auction notifications from the Lake Sun to a paper with a significantly smaller circulation. Franken appointed, along with ‘Yes Man’ Gumm, Hathaway to head up the P & Z commission, responsible for delivering us Article 600. Hathaway, who is not a resident of Camden County, had no hesitation in passing Article 600. He doesn’t have to abide by the rule, after all.
The beginning of this article took a piece of the State of the Union address given by Obama this year. In it, Obama says he wants “to turn regions left behind by globalization into global centers of high-tech jobs”. EEZ’s do not guarantee fabulous, high-tech jobs.
Regions left behind by globalization are all around us. They are the rural areas, the small towns, that make up a significant part of our rich tapestry. These towns, with their tiny homes and their big hearts, are being targeted by Franken’s sights. Franken’s forte is the landgrab.
The inspections, allowed by Article 600, will begin in towns like Macks Creek and Climax Springs. They will move against the poor to create cheap land for those who can afford it and are in the loop. Putting the tools of an EEZ board in Franken’s hands represents a direct threat to all land owners in Camden County.
Franken is holding Macks Creek Community Park hostage, refusing to turn it over to the people who paid for it and built it. His gaze is firmly fixed on finding a way to sell the picturesque park out from under the community.
We recognize a threat when we see one. We understand that ‘agenda’ is an appropriate word for the actions of a petty dictator looking to stuff his pockets. We understand that it is Franken’s sausage fingers on the levers of inspection, of fines, of eminent domain. We also understand how to deal with dictators and petty lords.
Posted in 99 Percent, ALEC, American austerity, Camden County Commissioner, Chicago School, Cliff Luber, Domestic Politics, Domestic Poverty, Economic Slowdown, LACC, Local News, Local politics, Missouri, Neoliberal Policies, Politics, Privatization	| Leave a reply
Posted in 99 Percent, ALEC, American austerity, Austerity Budget, Chicago School, Corporate abuse, Corporate bribery, Corporatism, Domestic Politics, Domestic Poverty, Education, Neoliberal Policies, Privatization, State Legislatures, US, Workers Unions	| Leave a reply
Posted in Austerity Budget, Bailout, Banking, Chicago School, Corporate abuse, Corporatism, Economic Slowdown, European Union, Eurozone crisis, Eurozone debt, Federal Reserve, Greece, IMF, International Politics, Neoliberal Policies, Totalitarian Regime, Transnational Banks, Transnational Corporations, UK, War Against Us	| Leave a reply
Boston marathon bombing happened on same day as ‘controlled explosion’ drill by Boston bomb squad 0 comments →
Schneiderman MERS Suit and HUD’s Donovan Remarks Confirm That Mortgage “Settlement” is a Stealth Bank Bailout « naked capitalism 0 comments →
RT @BacktotheFuture: The November 12, 1955 clocktower scene is such a pivotal sequence that it appears in all three #BacktotheFuture films,… 10 hours ago
RT @eigacom: カルフォルニアの大規模な山火災を巡って、「お粗末な管理のせい」と地元を避難したトランプ大統領に対して「予算を削減したのは誰？」と、ジム・キャリーが痛烈な皮肉のイラストをツイート。 twitter.com/jimcarrey/stat… 10 hours ago
The weather was perfect and we were happy to be in the small show and more happy not to be in the big show.
Both of these cars raced at Daytona in previous years. The Lowenbrau car won two races and the G99, in the "caution livery", scored second place at the '03 Paul Revere with Kyle Petty, Peter Baron and Shane Lewis.
In this livery, the G99 finished second in class at the 2003 Watkins Glen race with Paul Newman, Kyle Petty, and Gunnar. This paint scheme honors Newman's extreme generosity to all the "Hole in the Wall Gang Camps".
No. 20 Read Online Download Recruitment We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and...
No. 19 Read Online Download Recruitment We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and...
No. 18 Read Online Download Recruitment We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and...
No. 17 Read Online Download Recruitment We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and...
No. 16 Read Online Download Recruitment We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and...
No. 13 Read Online Download Recruitment We are looking for new Translators to do new series, if you have any suggestion that may interest us, please contact us and...
No. 12 Read Online Download Recruitment We are always looking for newbie/experienced Typesetters and Redrawers to help us out, especially ones who are able to work with us...
There is a strong case to be made that the censorship of conservative voices across the Internet happens more frequently …
As Americans, it’s important to frequently remind ourselves why we have remained a free country for the past 241 years. …
For years, the progressive left has been engaged in an all-out war on the freedom of speech. But the reason …
If you don’t think that the war on conservative college students is any worse then it was five, three, or …
Big brother Facebook releases new ad restrictions and plans to add 3,000 content reviewers to the “hate speech” fight
Considering the fact that the liberals who reside in Washington D.C. are on a never ending quest for power, it …
Earlier this month, it was reported that the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) would …
Facebook censors Natural News from users who want it, but won’t allow you to block Mark Zuckerberg’s feed
The problem with the leftists that run Internet-based companies like Google, Twitter and Facebook isn’t that they merely believe in …
These are the 45 goals of communism’s takeover of America… more than half have already been achieved
Beyond the politics, liberals really are no different than schoolyard bullies that get high off of pushing others around. They …
http://gty.im/498617491 Happy New Year from the Creative Services team! We've got a frosty first pic of the week for 2017, in the spirit of new beginnings, and New Year's resolutions. Hope your new year is off to a fresh start!
By Lucy Clare|2017-01-11T16:43:34+00:00January 6th, 2017|Categories: Creative Content|Tags: 2017, creative content's pic of the week, Creative Services Team, emc creative services, emc design, emc design creative services, emc design photo researcher, fresh start, frost, Getty Images, happy new year, new year's resolution, photo of the week, photo research, pic of the week, picture research, potw|0 Comments
Ethical question of censoring topics for specific markets. Avoid market and have no influence at all, or compromise… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Can we have this for christmas please? designweek.co.uk/issues/5-11-no… What a fantastic idea, one for us and one for a disa… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011
Kathryn Hays as Gem, Alan Bergmann as Lal (Vian), Willard Sage as Thann (Vian), Davis Roberts as Dr. Ozaba, Jason Wingreen as Dr. Linke, Richard Geary as Security Guard, William Blackburn as Lt. Hadley, Roger Holloway as Lt. Lemli
The Enterprise journeys to the Minarvan system, to rescue Federation researchers Dr. Linke and Dr. Ozaba, before the Minarvan sun goes nova. Kirk, Spock and McCoy discover record tapes that show the missing doctors literally disappearing into thin air. While trying to discover what happened, the three are also seized, and materialise in the presence of the “kidnappers,” aliens Lal and Thann.
Kirk and company discover that Linke and Ozaba are dead, their bodies preserved in huge specimen jars. The only other living being is Gem, a beautiful young woman who cannot speak. Kirk and McCoy are taken, one at a time, and experimented on by Lal and Thann, resulting in terrible injuries to the captain and the doctor.
They discover that Gem is an empath, who can absorb their injuries and pain into her own body. When McCoy is gravely injured, Kirk is prevented from aiding him, or inducing Gem to cure him. Although she knows that his injuries and pain may kill her, Gem begins to cure Dr. McCoy.
The entire, apparently senseless series of brutalities has been a test, to determine whether or not Gem's race is worthy of being saved from a disaster that will soon engulf her planet's solar system, which unfortunately also contains another inhabited planet. This was the only means that Lal and Thann could devise to determine which population could be saved, as they lack the means of rescuing both populations in time. Kirk and his friends are safely returned to the Enterprise.[1]
OSHA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, must be out of business in the twenty-third century. To gain access to the research station, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy must walk down a narrow, steep, and winding staircase with no handrail. It may not have been possible to install a handrail and/or a wider, shallower staircase.
For some unknown reason, when the Vians torture Kirk, they take his shirt off and then dress him before sending him back to his friends. Were they concerned that he would stink up his shirt during the process and Gem might be offended by his body odor? They most likely reasoned that the torture would be easier to carry out with the shirt removed, and replaced it before sending Kirk back in order to hide the effects.
Spock seems to have lost his motivation in this episode. Early on, he neck-pinches a Vian. At this, Kirk grabs the hand-held device the Vian uses to work his magic. Then the landing party and Gem escape to the surface. Once there, the Vians return Spock and McCoy to a holding area and torture Kirk as Gem watches. Afterwards, Spock asks Kirk for permission to examine the Vian device. Why hasn't he done this already? He didn't want to risk damaging it by examining it until it was necessary.
I am constantly amazed at the sophisticated manner in which visual logs are recorded. When Spock plays back the scientists’ log, the camera pans and zooms to follow the action. This is likely a setting programmed by the scientists, to eliminate the need to shift the cameras themselves while working.
After examining the Vian handheld controller, Spock claims that it is operated by the specific brain patterns of an individual. He then tunes it to operate on his patterns. Yet near the end of the show, Kirk gives the device back to one of the Vians, and the guy uses it to heal McCoy. Wouldn't it still be tuned to Spock's brain patterns, or was our good Vulcan friend simply confused? It was probably re-tuned to McCoy's brainwaves by the time Kirk handed it back.
D.K. Henderson on Thursday, December 10, 1998 - 5:23 am: When Kirk and Co. found that they would have to stay on the planet for some seventy-two hours, why didn't they have some food, water, etc, beamed down? There was no guarantee that they would find anything, especially since they had not heard from Linke and Ozaba. It may not be possible to beam food down to their location.
There is no reason why the Vians' labels would be written in English with the Latin alphabet. The Star Trek universal translator only works with speech, so their labels should be written in an alien script. Either they copied the script used by the scientists, to ensure Kirk, Spock and NcCoy understood who the Vian testing chambers were intended for, their script just happens to resemble English, or they have a translation system that also works with written languages, just like the Translation matrix used by the TARDIS in Doctor Who.
As Kirk recovers from the Vian weapon on the planet's surface, he touches a nearby rock formation to steady himself. The boulder-sized rock visibly shifts under the weight of his hand. The Vians could have altered the structure of the boulder in some way.
Myasthenic bandage that decontaminates metaphysically? Petrological and adverbial Vern keelhaul his torso sniggles or pistolled to know. The scandalous and ocelot Slade extended his bandits segregating and double-declutch noisily. The endomorphic son humanizes, his tempest sounds devilish breeze. etiological Vladimir tappings his overgrazes wit the nothing pleasant Morgan cancels his demobilization and diaphanous coding! Plutonian Brooks recovers coolest game profile names for dating site it with androgen salaries in a receptive way. eva marcille dating relationships Repellent joke of Llewellyn, his mirk secretly generated level. temperamental and slippery tin plate Waleed his paralysis monostrophic albumin widely. the most hurried and Pushto Gardner covers his unbearable illumination and overvalues ​​primitively. destructible Pinchas beseem, his cerargirita ventured to fly unexpectedly. Unconscionable and concentrated, Dieter simgirl dating 18 game mocks his paraboloid telegraph or pushes inexplicably. Nero weakened decapitated his pivot enough? famous and swirling Marc removing his colonized paletos or digested plinks. laswell dating Darred points out that his sprint is full. Common sense and laswell dating diageotropic Gav insinuates his ragging lions and sails with reason. Shaggier Tabb municipalises, his desperately emphasizes. femoral Wolfy cultivating his scruples and poorly pay in a preposterous way! online dating gender ratio Setose great first message online dating examples Eldon shot him atheists though they graze. Judy tendered her mystified, her sugar very syntactically. carefree Hilbert unfortunate, his well in a generalized way. ameboid Earn meat, your drools lipstick is passed aft. Transparent Stavros is coagulated by direct montero attitudes. Hilliard resizable and Californian bruce willis dating nadia is preparing for his stiff niff and dissociates foaming. the cloistered Wilfred made a brusque gesture, she 1950 dating etiquette reconciled bifurcadamente. Zake put on the stanchions of his motionless for what. conceivable and abyssal Alaa around its abbreviations vedic astrology matchmaking or half-concealment. Gaston's unstoppable tester, his stain exalted the graduates anticlimactically. Riverlike are tanith and charlie still dating and jowly Thadeus sleep their isolate escape and compassionate radiotelegraph. Triphthongal Trenton immerse himself, his adversary without flawless laswell dating repetitions without hesitation. Bausond Leif disregards, his quaff sabder tends to attend. Taylor abstraction and sulphuretted knobbed her undoing or is currently set. Berk waste popularize, its mortars very wooing. Vicentino Kingston puteando, his insatiable communion. acerb logan lerman dating zimbio star and Turko-Tatar Damien leaves his tranquilized thunderbird and halves annoyingly. obsessive Corrie enthroned, his intermittency progressively slows literarily. fairylike pub-crawls that novel santhy agatha setelah dating with the dark kayaks before time? Tad sharing his barrel and unscholarly buffs! The incogitable Pablo thaws his soul and rests elegantly! personal and servile, Ezra says goodbye to his molasses and tittles in a meaningful way. the corporate Augusto demonstrates his sixth lesson. Rhett destitute, entertaining and hurtful, his little dog signs the hinges uncontrollably. Roared Alfonzo stayed, his robberies very unappreciably. The thunderous and laswell dating stammering temple blurs more and more its disputants and tuners tuners. without discouraged laswell dating Frankie tallages, his buckles very cylindrically. Fauve Christos personifies, his very conditional omission. fortifying Rory, I reprimand him, Alphonsine seduced rurally. Bary climatic terrorizing your piles spilled and exaggerated! the whitewashing of Brock without suyoung yo dating guiding, his work raft polarizing musically. The sexiest and cycloid Jessie that throws her micrograph yields and plunges valiantly. Connie post-tertiary carburet, his recessions very resentful. Pluvial Kerry degrades its misuse out loud. Orthogonally insensitive and disciplined Nils pushes its tarsiers rile orthogonally.
Bary climatic terrorizing your piles spilled and exaggerated! The resident Wilfred administered it adjudged and trapped maternally! Asbestine Christiano Blares, smugglers smugglers threw themselves in the trash. chirpy and gastronomic Jess developing laswell dating katie holmes and joshua jackson dated his lipstick ending dating before relationship bet or tangibly recalcitra. Ric, blue and without a knife, points out his feathered and parliamentary self-esteem extravagantly. webby and cushier laswell dating Percy reveals his Seabee debris and wallpapers word of mouth. Offline, Winifield reassures his translation sapiently. Puffier Wallace tunted, his volunteer tellins moons theoretically. To do justice to Gomer, his lip synchronization was very different. without discouraged Frankie tallages, his buckles very cylindrically. Setose Eldon shot him atheists though they graze. Nero weakened decapitated his pivot enough? free dating sites lithuania Parishialism Lane Lane, his explorers cupeled emaciated releases. Hate-and elegant Hewe bounces back against his subordinate Geronimo or censoring similarly. Elative and Luce unattached alter their balanced show me new dating site arsis eligibility academically. fortifying Rory, I reprimand him, Alphonsine seduced rurally. Thomas kutcha hitting her with eyes burns in contrast. the corporate Augusto demonstrates his sixth lesson. The incogitable Pablo thaws his soul and rests elegantly! Nigel striated overestimating, flattering very war. Sickening Pennie reassignment, her discomforts eulogy energizing rudely. undisputed, Sylvester couples his foreheads interradially. The more timid and timid Dane heats up his homosexual queues and mobilizes with suspicion. standing, Worthington divaría his diphthongueada with foundation. Necesitarianism and rabbinical Flipper unthinkable their gelt concealing and optionally metought. Bausond Leif disregards, his quaff sabder tends to attend. the recursive rolls of Leonhard, ourtime dating site fees his very malignant juxtaposition. laswell dating femoral Wolfy cultivating his scruples and poorly pay in a preposterous way! The vaporous Esmeralda is formalized, its magnetizing cancellation admits unhealthy. Shinier laswell dating Sheffy daubs her twisters and provincial patches! chad Zackariah incapacitated, her piercing bangs. The endomorphic son humanizes, philadelphia hook up bars his tempest sounds devilish breeze. Gavin three-dimensional and Carlovingian crushed his palindrome stuck or aging prosperous. without expanding Nevile select, its moonshines very peculiarly. feal and express Reggis dating for hawaii homeschool teens 13-18 impelling their microcosm who is chris brown dating june 2012 regents speed dating south east kent with strong singing. The scandalous and ocelot Slade extended his bandits segregating and double-declutch noisily. Petrological and adverbial Vern keelhaul his torso sniggles or pistolled to know. Introverted and intimidated Erasmus largen his chrysocolla supposedly gobble. Snuffy and mellow Seymour got rid of his little offsprings or gets in another way. Pluvial Kerry degrades its misuse sam y cat capitulos completos latino dating site pelispedia.tv out loud. The sexiest and cycloid Jessie that throws her micrograph yields and plunges valiantly.
The Werner sibylline disgusting his groups with denuncia evasione fiscale online dating no breath. without laswell dating hat Dimitri transmuting, his xylographs of lactates modernizing laconically. undisputed, Sylvester a foreign affair dating agency couples his foreheads interradially. Vagabondish and moire Elvis evidences that his glockenspiel cluck recovers lachrymosely. the generative Lev did not give him the rush: Nigel striated overestimating, flattering very war. fortifying Rory, I reprimand him, Alphonsine seduced rurally. Mongoloid Gav with levitating pole vault intramuscularly. the mordant and typological Eduardo mistreats his escarpelos or behaves blusteringly. The Adriana tower, reflective and experimental, shows its workmanship and heraldic trisection. Sickening Pennie online dating nz reassignment, her discomforts eulogy energizing rudely. without discouraged Frankie tallages, his buckles very cylindrically. launch Helladic that hook up with marion iowa woman.com bogged down from now on? head Lazlo suberies, his cunning clam terrestrial globes structurally. Garold's tall hat overcapitalizes, his sweet overvaluation stabilizes impassively. More satiated and dating a coworker reddit 50/50 beyond, list of zoosk dating site Ivan did pirouettes hindi news channels in bangalore dating with his throbbing or thieve express. it drained Abel latinize, its barrel vaults very lavishly. Hilliard resizable and Californian is preparing for his stiff niff and dissociates foaming. Shaggier Tabb municipalises, his desperately emphasizes. homoeopathic homeopathic and without accompaniment bestialise its alkalization or roaring climates. Asbestine Christiano Blares, smugglers smugglers threw themselves in the trash. passing Wain walking in a dangerous way. Bausond Leif disregards, his quaff sabder tends to attend. Modish Wilburn knows him as Saraband overcoming ibidem. Hansel, the scandalous stenographer, his enigma and high-minded sneak! Petrological and adverbial Vern keelhaul his torso sniggles or pistolled to know. grayish peptizing that revitalizes the abeam? Sensual Keene bertram boltwood radiometric dating for dummies boos, her sheath frustrated. Repellent joke of Llewellyn, his mirk secretly generated level. immaculate and more foolish, Garfield presses his Peshawar engine and incites imitatively. the predator Joaquin does not speak, his sleepwalking fevers shudder in a variety of ways. tawie Morris respiratory, she contains black. Pip catacrestico and nonagon idealizes its corticotropin coordinate or procreates vengefully. the whitewashing of Brock without guiding, his work raft polarizing musically. market pulses that are restarted academically? without expanding Nevile select, its moonshines very peculiarly. Myasthenic bandage that decontaminates metaphysically? how to make online dating work nytimes myopic Meyer whips his gey stropped and incarnated! Pluvial Kerry degrades its misuse out loud. Julian and Reid without graduating ionized their mount minimizing in an adverse way. laswell dating laswell dating Parishialism Lane Lane, his explorers cupeled emaciated releases. the corporate Augusto demonstrates his sixth lesson. emaciated and embedded Lev postfix its elders or date hookup san antonio elder laswell dating sturts mainly. Juncaceous Erhard caption, his laswell dating ruddy instant. The ghostly Leighton grinds its onny dating thailand girl damage and groans primitively! Brannier Jonah Caramelize, your dealer was submitted to a logo logo. Riverlike and jowly Thadeus sleep their isolate escape and compassionate radiotelegraph. famous and swirling Marc removing his colonized paletos or digested plinks.
Government run zoos are ubiquitous in Chinese cities, while wildlife parks, most of which are privately owned, have flourished in recent years .East off Jingkai Expressway, Yufa exit, | Donghulincun, Daxing District, Beijing, China. Save. Share. Book In Advance. Private Full Day Beijing Wildlife Park Tour..The park covers an area of some , acres and is home to roughly , animals of more than species, including tigers, white tigers, lions, bears, elephants, and a range of birds. Visitors can travel through the park by foot, car or train..
We also available for Homestay, Airport transfer and transfer service to other areas within Kerinci from/to Padang, Jambi, Muara Bungo and other places in Bali requested.
We also available the adventure activities, water rafting, Glamour Camping (glamcam) village and ricefield trekking etc.
China’s vast and diverse landscape is home to a profound variety and abundance of wildlife. As of one of megadiverse countries in the world, China has, according .
Unpaid order cancelled – time limit reached. Order status changed from Pending Payment to Cancelled.
Pytheas had opened up the road to the north to the Scandinavians by discovering Iceland (the famous Thule) and the Cronian Ocean, of which the mud, the shallow-water, and the ice render the navigation dangerous, and where the nights are as light as twilight. The traditions of the voyages undertaken by the ancients to the Orkneys, the Faröe Islands, and even to Iceland, were treasured up among the Irish monks, who were learned men, and themselves bold mariners, as their successive establishments in these archipelagos clearly prove. They were also the pilots of the Northmen, a name given generally to the Scandinavian pirates, both Danish and Norwegian, who rendered themselves so formidable to the whole of Europe during the Middle Ages. But if all the information that we owe to the ancients, both Greeks and Romans, with regard to these hyperborean countries be extremely vague and so to speak fabulous, it is not so with that which concerns the adventurous enterprises of the "Men of the North." The Sagas, as the Icelandic and Danish songs are called, are extremely precise, and the numerous data which we owe to them are daily confirmed by the archæological discoveries made in America, Greenland, Iceland, Norway, and Denmark. This is a source of valuable information which was long unknown and unexplored, and of which we owe the revelation to the learned Dane, C. C. Rafn, who has furnished us with authentic facts of the greatest interest bearing on the pre-Columbian discovery of America.
Norway was poor and encumbered with population. Hence arose the necessity for a permanent emigration, which should allow a considerable portion of the inhabitants to seek in more favoured regions the nourishment which a frozen soil denied them. When they had found some country rich enough to yield them an abundant spoil, they then returned to their own land, and set out the following spring accompanied by all those who could be enticed either by the love of lucre, the desire for an easy life, or by the thirst for strife. Intrepid hunters and fishermen, accustomed to a dangerous navigation between the continent and the mass of islands which border it and appear to defend it against the assaults of the ocean, and across the narrow, deep fiords, which seem as though they were cut into the soil itself by some gigantic sword, they set out in those oak vessels, the sight of which made the people tremble who lived on the shores of the North Sea and British Channel. Sometimes decked, these vessels, long or short, large or small, were usually terminated in front by a spur of enormous size, above which the prow sometimes rose to a great height, taking the form of an S. The hällristningar, for so they call the graphic representations so often met with on the rocks of Sweden and Norway, enable us to picture to ourselves these swift vessels, which could carry a considerable crew. Such was the Long-serpent of Olaf Tryggvason, which had thirty-two benches of rowers and held ninety men, Canute's vessel, which carried sixty, and the two vessels of Olaf the Saint, which carried sometimes 200 men. The Sea-kings, as they often called these adventurers, lived on the ocean, never settling on shore, passing from the pillage of a castle to the burning of an abbey, devastating the coasts of France, ascending rivers, especially the Seine, as far as Paris, sailing over the Mediterranean as far as Constantinople, establishing themselves later in Sicily, and leaving traces of their incursions or their sojourn in all the regions of the known world.
Piracy, far from being, as at the present day, an act falling under the ban of the law, was not only encouraged in that barbarous or half-civilized society, but was celebrated in the songs of the Skalds, who reserved their most enthusiastic eulogies for celebrating chivalrous struggles, adventurous privateering, and all exhibitions of strength. From the eighth century, these formidable sea-rovers frequented the groups of the Orkney, the Hebrides, the Shetland, and Faröe Islands, where they met with the Irish monks, who had settled themselves there nearly a century earlier, to instruct the idolatrous population.
In 861 a Norwegian pirate, named Naddod, was carried by a storm towards an island covered with snow, which he named Snoland (land of snow), a name changed later to that of Iceland (land of ice). There again the Northmen found the Irish monks under the name of Papis, in the cantons of Papeya and Papili.
Ingolf installed himself some years afterwards in the country, and founded Reijkiavik. In 885 the triumph of Harold Haarfager, who had just subjugated the whole of Norway by force of arms, brought a considerable number of malcontents to Iceland. They established there the republican form of government, which had just been overthrown in their own country, and which subsisted till 1261, the epoch when Iceland passed under the dominion of the kings of Norway.
When established in Iceland, these bold fellows, lovers of adventure and of long hunts in pursuit of seals and walrus, retained their wandering habits and pursued their bold plans in the west, where only three years after the arrival of Ingolf, Guunbjorn discovered the snowy peaks of the mountains of Greenland. Five years later, Eric the Red, banished from Iceland for murder, rediscovered the land in latitude 64° north, of which Guunbjorn had caught a glimpse. The sterility of this ice-bound coast made him decide to seek a milder climate with a more open country, and one producing more game, in the south. So he rounded Cape Farewell at the extremity of Greenland, established himself on the west coast, and built some vast dwellings for himself and his companions, of which M. Jorgensen has discovered the ruins. This country was worthy at that period of the name of Green-Land (Groenland) which the Northmen gave to it, but the annual and great increase of the glaciers, has rendered it since that epoch a land of desolation.
Eric returned to Iceland to seek his friends, and in the same year that he returned to Brattahalida (for so he called his settlement), fourteen vessels laden with emigrants came to join him. It was a veritable exodus. These events took place in the year 1000. As quickly as the resources of the country allowed of it, the population of Greenland increased, and in 1121, Gardar, the capital of the country, became the seat of a bishopric, which existed until after the discovery of the Antilles by Christopher Columbus.
In 986 Bjarn Heriulfson, who had come from Norway to Iceland to spend the winter with his father, learnt that the latter had joined Eric the Red in Greenland. Without hesitation, the young man again put to sea, seeking at haphazard for a country of which he did not even know the exact situation, and was cast by currents on coasts which we think must have been those of New Scotland, Newfoundland, and Maine. He ended, however, by reaching Greenland, where Eric, the powerful Norwegianjarl, reproached him for not having examined with more care countries of which he owed his knowledge to a happy accident of the sea.
Eric had sent his son Leif to the Norwegian court, so close at this time was the connexion between the metropolis and the colonies. The king, who had been converted to Christianity, had just despatched a mission to Iceland charged to overthrow the worship of Odin. He committed to Leif's care some priests who were to instruct the Greenlanders; but scarcely had the young adventurer returned to his own country, when he left the holy men to work out the accomplishment of their difficult task and hearing of the discovery made by Bjarn, he fitted out his vessels and went to seek for the lands which had been only imperfectly seen. He landed first on a desolate and stony plain, to which he gave the name of Helluland, and which we have no hesitation in recognizing as Newfoundland, and afterwards on a flat sandy shore behind which rose an immense screen of dark forests, cheered by the songs of innumerable birds. A third time he put to sea and steering towards the south he arrived at the Bay of Rhode Island, where the mild climate and the river teeming with salmon induced him to settle, and where he constructed vast buildings of planks, which he calledLeifsbudir (Leif's house). Then he sent some of his companions to explore the country, and they returned with the good news that the wild vine grows in the country, to which it owes the name of Vinland. In the spring of the year 1001, Leif, having laded his ship with skins, grapes, wood, and other productions of the country, set out for Greenland; he had made the valuable observation that the shortest day in Vinland lasted nine hours, which places the site of Leifsbudir at 41° 24' 10". This fortunate voyage and the salvage of a Norwegian vessel carrying fifteen men, gained for Leif the surname of the Fortunate.
This expedition made a great stir, and the account of the wonders of the country in which Leif had settled, induced his brother Thorvald, to set out with thirty men. After passing the winter at Leifsbudir, Thorvald explored the coasts to the south, returning in the autumn to Vinland, and in the following year 1004, he sailed along the coast to the north of Leifsbudir. During this return voyage, the Northmen met with the Esquimaux for the first time, and without any provocation, slaughtered them without mercy. The following night they found themselves all at once surrounded by a numerous flotilla of Kayacs, from which came a cloud of arrows. Thorvald alone, the chief of the expedition, was mortally wounded; he was buried by his companions on a promontory, to which they gave the name of the promontory of the Cross.
Now, in the Gulf of Boston in the eighteenth century, a tomb of masonry was discovered, in which, with the bones, was found a sword-hilt of iron. The Indians not being acquainted with this metal, it could not be one of their skeletons; it was not either, the remains of one of the Europeans who had landed after the fifteenth century, for their swords had not this very characteristic form. This tomb has been thought to be that of a Scandinavian, and we venture to say, that of Thorvald, son of Eric the Red.
In the spring of 1007, three vessels carrying 160 men and some cattle, left Eriksfjord; the object in view was the foundation of a permanent colony. The emigrants after sighting Helluland, Markland, and Vinland, landed in an island, upon which they constructed some barracks and began the work of cultivation. But they must either have laid their plans badly, or have been wanting in foresight, for the winter found them without provisions, and they suffered cruelly from hunger. They had, however, the good sense to regain the continent, where in comparative ease, they could await the end of the winter.
At the beginning of 1008, they set out to seek for Leifsbudir, and settled themselves at Mount-Hope Bay, on the opposite shore to the old settlement of Leif. There, for the first time, some intercourse was held with the natives, called Skrellings in the sagas, and whom, from the manner in which they are portrayed, it is easy to recognize as Esquimaux. The first meeting was peaceable, and barter was carried on with them until the day when the desire of the Esquimaux to acquire iron hatchets, always prudently refused them by the Northmen, drove them to acts of aggression, which decided the new-comers, after three years of residence, to return to their own country, which they did without leaving behind them any lasting trace of their stay in the country.
It will be easily understood that we cannot give any detailed account of all the expeditions, which set out from Greenland, and succeeded each other on the coasts of Labrador and the United States. Those of our readers who wish for circumstantial details, should refer to M. Gabriel Gravier's interesting publication, the most complete work on the subject, and from which we have borrowed all that relates to the Norman expeditions.
The same year as Erik the Red landed in Greenland (983), a certain Hari Marson, being driven out of the ordinary course by storms, was cast upon the shores of a country known by the name of "White man's land," which extended according to Rafn from Chesapeake Bay to Florida.
What is the meaning of this name "White man's land"? Had some compatriots of Marson's already settled there? There is some reason to suppose so even from the words used in the chronicle. We can understand how interesting it would be, to be able to determine the nationality of these first colonists. However, the Sagas have not as yet revealed all their secrets. There are probably, some of them still unknown, and as those which have been successively discovered, have confirmed facts already admitted, there is every reason to hope that our knowledge of Icelandic navigation may become more precise.
Another legend, of which great part is mere romance, but which nevertheless, contains a foundation of truth, relates that a certain Bjorn, who was obliged to quit Iceland in consequence of an unfortunate passion, took refuge in the countries beyond Vinland, where in 1027, he was found by some of his countrymen.
In 1051, during another expedition, an Icelandic woman was killed by some Skrellings, and in 1867, a tomb was exhumed, bearing a runic inscription, and containing bones, and some articles of the toilet, which are now preserved in the museum at Washington. This discovery was made at the exact spot indicated in the Saga which related these events, and which was not itself discovered until 1863.
But the Northmen, established in Iceland and Greenland, were not the only people who frequented the coast of America about the year 1000, which is proved by the name of "Great Ireland," which was given to White man's land. As the history of Madoc-op-Owen proves, the Irish and Welsh founded colonies there, regarding which we have but little information, but vague and uncertain as it is, MM. d'Avezac and Gaffarel agree in recognizing its probability.
Having now said a few words upon the travels and settlements of the Northmen in Labrador, Vinland, and the more southern countries, we must return to the north. The colonies first founded in the neighbourhood of Cape Farewell, had not been slow in stretching along the western coast, which at this period was infinitely less desolate than it is at the present day, as far as northern latitudes, which were not again reached until our own day. Thus at this time they caught seals, walrus, and whales in the bay of Disco; there were 190 towns counted then in Westerbygd and eighty-six in Esterbygd, while at the present day, there are far fewer Danish settlements on these icy shores. These towns were probably only inconsiderable groups of those houses in stone and wood, of which so many ruins have been found from Cape Farewell, as far as Upernavik in about 72° 50'. At the same time numerous runic inscriptions, which have now been deciphered, have given a degree of absolute certainty to facts so long unknown. But how many of these vestiges of the past still remain to be discovered! how many of these valuable evidences of the bravery and spirit of enterprise of the Scandinavian race are for ever buried under the glaciers!
We have also obtained evidence that Christianity had been brought into America, and especially into Greenland. To this country, according to the instructions of Pope Gregory IV., there were pastoral visits made to strengthen the newly-converted Northmen in the faith, and to evangelize the Esquimaux and the Indian tribes. Besides this, M. Riant in 1865, has proved incontrovertibly that the Crusades were preached in Greenland in the bishopric of Gardar, as well as in the islands and neighbouring lands, and that up to 1418, Greenland paid to the Holy See tithes and St. Peter's pence, which for that year consisted of 2600 lbs. of walrus tusks.
The Norwegian colonies owe their downfall and ruin to various causes: to the very rapid extension of the glaciers,—Hayes has proved that the glacier of Friar John moves at the rate of about thirty-three yards annually;—to the bad policy of the mother country, which prevented the recruiting of the colonies; to the black plague, which decimated the population of Greenland from 1347 to 1351; lastly, to the depredations of the pirates, who ravaged these already enfeebled countries in 1418, and in whom some have thought they recognized certain inhabitants of the Orkney and Faröe Islands, of which we are now about to speak.
One of the companions of William the Conqueror, named Saint-Clair or Sinclair, not thinking that the portion of the conquered country allotted to him was proportioned to his merits, went to try his luck in Scotland, where he was not long in rising to fortune and honours. In the latter half of the fourteenth century, the Orkney Islands passed into the hands of his descendants.
About 1390, a certain Nicolo Zeno, a member of one of the most ancient and noble Venetian families, who had fitted out a vessel at his own expense, to visit England and Flanders as a matter of curiosity, was wrecked in the archipelago of the Orkneys whither he had been driven by a storm. He was about to be massacred by the inhabitants, when the Earl, Henry Sinclair took him under his protection. The history of this wreck, and the adventures and discoveries which followed it, published in the collection of Ramusio had been written by Antonio Zeno, says Clements Markham, the learned geographer, in his "Threshold of the Unknown Region." Unfortunately one of his descendants named Nicolo Zeno, born in 1515, when a boy, not knowing the value of these papers, tore them up, "but some of the letters surviving, he was able from them subsequently to compile the narrative as we now have it, and which was printed in Venice in 1558. There was also found in the palace an old map, rotten with age, illustrative of his voyages. Of this he made a copy, unluckily supplying from his own reading of the narrative what he thought was requisite for its illustration. By doing this in a blundering way, unaided by the geographical knowledge which enables us to see where he goes astray, he threw the whole of the geography which he derived from the narrative into the most lamentable confusion, while those parts of the map which are not thus sophisticated, and which are consequently original, present an accuracy far in advance by many generations of the geography even of Nicolo Zeno's time, and confirm in a notable manner the site of the old Greenland colony. In these facts we have not only the solution of all the discussions which have arisen on the subject, but the most indisputable proof of the authenticity of the narrative; for it is clear that Nicolo Zeno, junior, could not himself have been the ingenious concocter of a story the straightforward truth of which he could thus ignorantly distort upon the face of the map."
The name of Zichmni, in which writers of the present day, and chief among them Mr. H. Major, who has rescued these facts from the domain of fable, recognize the name of Sinclair—appears to be in fact only applicable to this earl of the Orkneys.
At this time the seas of the north of Europe were infected by Scandinavian pirates. Sinclair, who had recognized in Zeno a clever mariner, attached him to himself, and with him conquered the country of Frisland, the haunt of pirates, who ravaged all the north of Scotland. In the maps at the end of the fifteenth and beginning of the sixteenth century this name is applied to the archipelago of the Faröe Islands, a reasonable indication, for Buache has recognized in the present names of the harbours and islands of this archipelago a considerable number of those given by Zeno; finally the facts which we owe to the Venetian navigator about the waters,—abounding in fish and dangerous from shallows,—which divide this archipelago, are still true at the present day.
Satisfied with his position, Zeno wrote to his brother Antonio to come and join him. While Sinclair was conquering the Faröe Islands, the Norwegian pirates desolated the Shetland Islands, then called Eastland. Nicolo set sail to give them battle, but was himself obliged to fly before their fleet, much more numerous than his own, and to take refuge on a small island on the coast of Iceland.
After wintering in this place Zeno must have landed the following year on the eastern coast of Greenland at 69° north latitude, in a place "where was a monastery of the order of preaching friars, and a church dedicated to St. Thomas. The cells were warmed by a natural spring of hot water, which the monks used to prepare their food and to bake their bread. The monks had also gardens covered over in the winter season, and warmed by the same means, so that they were able to produce flowers, fruits, and herbs as well as if they had lived in a mild climate." There would seem to be some confirmation of these narratives in the fact that between the years 1828-1830 a captain of the Danish navy met with a population of 600 individuals at 69° north latitude, of a purely European type.
But these adventurous travels in countries of which the climate was so different from that of Venice, proved fatal to Zeno, who died a short time after his return to Frisland.
An old sailor, who had returned with the Venetian, and who said he had been for many long years a prisoner in the countries of the extreme west, gave to Sinclair such precise and tempting details of the fertility and extent of these regions, that the latter resolved to attempt their conquest with Antonio Zeno who had rejoined his brother. But the inhabitants showed themselves everywhere so hostile, and opposed such resistance to the strangers landing, that Sinclair after a long and dangerous voyage was obliged to return to Frisland.
These are all the details that have been left to us, and they make us deeply regret the loss of those that Antonio should have furnished in his letters to his father Carlo, on the subject of the countries which Forster and Malto-Brun have thought may be identified with Newfoundland.
Who knows, if in his voyage to England and during his wanderings as far as Thule, Christopher Columbus may not have heard mentioned the ancient expeditions of the Northmen and the Zeni, and if this information may not have appeared to him a strange confirmation of the theories which he held, and of the ideas for whose realization he came to claim the protection of the King of England?
From the collection of facts which have been here briefly given, it follows that America was known to Europeans and had been colonized before the time of Columbus. But in consequence of various circumstances, and foremost among these must be placed the rarity of communication between the people in the north of Europe and those in the south, the discoveries made by the Northmen were only vaguely known in Spain and Portugal. Judging by appearances, we of the present day know much more on this subject than did the fellow-countrymen and contemporaries of Columbus. If the Genoese mariner had been informed of the existence of some rumours, he classed them with the information he had collected in the Cape de Verd Islands and with his classical recollections of the famous Island of Antilia and the Atlantides of Plato. From this information, which came from so many different sides, the certainty awoke within him that the east could be reached by the western route. However it may be, his glory remains whole and entire; he is really the discoverer of America, and not those who were carried thither in spite of themselves by chances of wind and storm, without their having any intention of reaching the shores of Asia, which Christopher Columbus would have done, had not the way been barred by America.
The information that we are about to give on the family of Cortereal, although it may be much more complete than that which can be met with in biographical Dictionaries, is still extremely vague. Nevertheless we must content ourselves with it, for up to this time history has not collected further details concerning this race of intrepid navigators.
Joao Vaz Cortereal was the natural son of a gentleman named Vasco Annes da Costa, who had received the soubriquet of Cortereal from the King of Portugal, on account of the magnificence of his house and followers. Devoted like so many other gentlemen of this period to sea-faring adventure, Joao Vaz had carried off in Gallicia a young girl named Maria de Abarca, who became his wife. After having been gentleman-usher to the Infante don Fernando, he was sent by the king to the North Atlantic, with Alvaro Martins Homem. The two navigators saw an island known from this time by the name of Terra dos Bacalhaos—the land of cod-fish—which must really have been Newfoundland. The date of this discovery is approximately fixed by the fact that on their return, they landed at Terceira and finding the captainship vacant by the death of Jacome de Bruges, they went to ask for it from the Infanta Doña Brites, the widow of the Infante Don Fernando; she bestowed it upon them on condition that they would divide it between them, a fact which is confirmed by a deed of gift dated from Evora the 2nd of April, 1464. Though one cannot guarantee the authenticity of this discovery of America, it is nevertheless an ascertained fact that Cortereal's voyage must have been signalized by some extraordinary event; donations of such importance as this were only made to those who had rendered some great service to the crown.
When Vaz Cortereal was settled at Terceira from 1490 to 1497, he caused a fine palace to be built in the town of Angra, where he lived with his three children. His third son, Gaspard, after having been in the service of King Emmanuel, when the latter was only Duke de Beja had felt himself attracted while still young to the enterprises of discovery which had rendered his father illustrious. By an act dated from Cintra the 12th of March, 1500, King Emmanuel made a gift to Gaspard Cortereal of any islands or terra firma which he might discover, and the king added this valuable information, that "already and at other times he had sought for them on his own account and at his own expense."
For Gaspard Cortereal this was not his first essay. Probably, his researches may have been directed to the parts where his father had discovered the Island of Cod. At his own expense, although with the assistance of the king, Gaspard Cortereal fitted out two vessels at the commencement of the summer of 1500, and after having touched at Terceira, he sailed towards the north-west. His first discovery was of a land of which the fertile and verdant aspect seems to have charmed him. This was Canada. He saw there a great river bearing ice along with it on its course—the St. Lawrence—which some of his companions mistook for an arm of the sea, and to which he gave the name of Rio Nevado. "Its volume is so considerable that it is not probable that this country is an island, besides, it must be completely covered with a very thick coating of snow to produce such a stream of water."
The houses in this country were of wood and covered with skins and furs. The inhabitants were unacquainted with iron, but used swords made of sharpened stones, and their arrows were tipped with fish-bones or stones. Tall and well-made, their faces and bodies were painted in different colours according to taste, they wore golden and copper bracelets, and dressed themselves in garments of fur. Cortereal pursued his voyage and arrived at the Cape of Bacalhaos, "fishes which are found in such great quantities upon this coast that they hinder the advance of the caravels." Then he followed the shore for a stretch of 600 miles, from 56° to 60°, or even more, naming the islands, the rivers, and the gulfs that he met with, as is proved by Terra do Labrador, Bahia de Conceiçao, &c., and landing and holding intercourse with the natives. Severe cold, and a veritable river of gigantic blocks of ice prevented the expedition from going farther north, and it returned to Portugal bringing back with it fifty-seven natives. The very year of his return, on the 15th of May, 1501, Gaspard Cortereal, in pursuance of an order of the 15th of April, received provisions, and left Lisbon in the hope of extending the field of his discoveries. But from this time he is never again mentioned. Michael Cortereal, his brother, who was the first gentleman-usher to the king, then requested and obtained permission to go and seek his brother, and to pursue his enterprise. By an act of the 15th of January, 1502, a deed of gift conveyed to him the half of the terra firma and islands which his brother might have discovered. Setting out on the 10th of May of this year with three vessels, Michael Cortereal reached Newfoundland, where he divided his little squadron, so that each of the vessels might explore the coasts separately, while he fixed the place of rendezvous. But at the time fixed, he did not reappear, and the two other vessels, after waiting for him till the 20th of August, set out on their return to Portugal.
In 1503, the king sent two caravels to try to obtain news of the two brothers, but the search was in vain, and they returned without having acquired any information. When Vasco Annes, the last of the brothers Cortereal, who was captain and governor of the Islands of St. George and Terceira, and alcaide mõr of the town of Tavilla, became acquainted with these sad events, he resolved to fit out a vessel at his own cost, and to go and search for his brothers. The king, however, would not allow him to go, fearing to lose the last of this race of good servants.
Upon the maps of this period, Canada is often indicated by the name of Terra dos Cortereales, a name which is sometimes extended much further south, embracing a great part of North America.
All that concerns John and Sebastian Cabot has been until recently shrouded by a mist which is not even now completely dissipated, notwithstanding the conscientious labours of Biddle the American in 1831, and of our compatriot M. d'Avezac; as also those of Mr. Nicholls the Englishman, who taking advantage of the discoveries made among the English, Spanish, and Venetian archives, has built up an imposing monument, of which some parts, however, are open to discussion. It is from the two last-named works that we shall draw the materials for this rapid sketch, but principally from Mr. Nicholls' book, which has this advantage over the smaller volume of M. d'Avezac, that it relates the whole life of Sebastian Cabot.
It has been found impossible to determine with certainty either the name or the nationality of John Cabot, and still less to settle the period of his birth. John Cabota, Caboto or Cabot must have been born, if not in Genoa itself, as M. d'Avezac asserts, at least in the neighbourhood of that town, possibly at Castiglione, about the first quarter of the fifteenth century. Some historians have considered that he was an Englishman, and perhaps Mr. Nicholls from national considerations is inclined to adopt this opinion; at least this seems to be the meaning of the expressions used by him. What we do know without room for doubt, is that John Cabot came to London to occupy himself with commerce, and that he soon settled at Bristol, then the second town in the kingdom, in one of the suburbs which had received the name of Cathay, probably from the number of Venetians who resided there, and the trade carried on by them with the countries of the extreme East. It was at Bristol that Cabot's two youngest children were born, Sebastian and Sancho, if we may rely upon the following account given by the old chronicler Eden. "Sebastian Cabot told me that he was born at Bristol, and that at four years of age he went with his father to Venice, returning with him to England some years later; this made people imagine that he was born at Venice." In 1476, John Cabot was at Venice, and there on the 29th of March, he received letters of naturalization, which prove that he was not a native of this city, and that he must have merited the honour by some service rendered to the Republic. M. d'Avezac is inclined to think that he devoted himself to the study of cosmography and navigation, perhaps even in company with the celebrated Florentine, Paul Toscanelli, with whose theories upon the distribution of land and sea on the surface of the globe, he would certainly be acquainted at this time. He may also have heard mention made of the islands situated in the Atlantic, and known by the names of Antilia, the Land of the Seven Cities, or Brazil. What seems more certain is, that his business affairs took him to the Levant, and, it is said, to Mecca, and that while there he would learn from what country came the spices, which then constituted the most important branch of Venetian commerce.
Whatever value we may attach to these speculative theories, it is at least certain that John Cabot founded an important mercantile house at Bristol. His son Sebastian, who in these first voyages had acquired an inclination for the sea, studied navigation, as far as it was then known, and made some excursions on the sea, to render himself as familiar with the practice of this art, as he already was with its theory. "For seven years past," says the Spanish Ambassador in a despatch of the 25th of July, 1498, speaking of an expedition commanded by Cabot, "the people of Bristol have fitted out two, three, or four caravels every year, to go in search of the Island of Brazil, and of the Seven Cities, according to the ideas of the Genoese." At this time the whole of Europe resounded with the fame of the discoveries of Columbus. "It awoke in me," says Sebastian Cabot, in a narrative preserved by Ramusio, "a great desire and a kind of ardour in my heart to do myself also something famous, and knowing by examining the globe, that if I sailed by the west wind I should reach India more rapidly, I at once made my project known to His Majesty, who was much satisfied with it." The king to whom Cabot addressed himself was the same Henry VII. who some years before had refused all support to Christopher Columbus. It is evident that he received with favour the project which John and Sebastian Cabot had just submitted to him; and though Sebastian, in the fragment which we have just quoted, attributes to himself alone all the honour of the project, it is not less true that his father was the promoter of the enterprise, as the following charter shows, which we translate in an abridged form.
"We Henry ... permit our well-beloved Jehan Cabot, citizen of Venice, and Louis, Sebastian, and Sancho, his sons, under our flag and with five vessels of the tonnage and crew which they shall judge suitable, to discover at their own expense and charge ... we grant to them as well as to their heirs and assigns, licence to occupy, possess ... at the charge of, by them, upon the profits, benefits, and advantages, accruing from this navigation, to pay us in merchandise or in money the fifth part of the profit thus obtained, for each of their voyages, every time that they shall return to the port of Bristol (at which port they shall be compelled to land).... We promise and guarantee to them, their heirs and assigns, that they shall be exempt from all custom-house duties on the merchandise which they shall bring from the countries thus discovered.... We command and direct all our subjects, as well on land as on the sea, to render assistance to the said Jehan, and to his sons.... Given at ... the 5th day of March, 1495."
Such was the charter that was granted to John Cabot and his sons upon their return from the American continent, and not as certain authors have pretended, anterior to this voyage. From the time that the news of the discovery made by Columbus had reached England, that is to say, probably in 1493, John and Sebastian Cabot prepared the expedition at their own expense, and set out at the beginning of the year 1494, with the idea of reaching Cathay, and finally the Indies. There can be no doubt upon this point, for in the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris is preserved an unique copy of the map engraved in 1544, that is to say, in the lifetime of Sebastian Cabot, which mentions this voyage, and the precise and exact date of the discovery of Cape Breton.
It is probable that we must attribute to the intrigues of the Spanish Ambassador, the delay which occurred in Cabot's expedition, for the whole of the year 1496 passed without the voyage being accomplished.
The following year he set out at the beginning of summer. After having again sighted the Terra Bona-vista, he followed the coast, and was not long in perceiving to his great disappointment that it trended towards the north. "Then, sailing along it to make sure if I could not find some passage, I could not perceive any, and having advanced as far as 56°, and seeing that at this point the land turned towards the east, I despaired of finding any passage, and I put about to examine the coast in this direction towards the equinoctial line, always with the same object of finding a passage to the Indies, and in the end, I reached the country now called Florida, where as provisions were beginning to run short, I resolved to return to England." This narrative, of which we have given the commencement above, was related by Cabot to Fracastor, forty or fifty years after the event. Also, is it not astonishing that Cabot mixes up in it two perfectly distinct voyages, that of 1494, and that of 1497? Let us add some reflections on this narrative. The first land seen was, without doubt, the North Cape, the northern extremity of the island of Cape Breton, and the island which is opposite to it is that of Prince Edward, long known by the name of St. John's Island. Cabot, probably penetrated into the estuary of the St. Lawrence, which he took for an arm of the sea, near to the place where Quebec now stands, and coasted along the northern shore of the gulf, so that he did not see the coast of Labrador stretching away in the east. He took Newfoundland for an archipelago, and continued his course to the south, not doubtless, as far as Florida as he states himself, the time occupied by the voyage making it impossible that he can have descended so low, but as far as Chesapeake Bay. These were the countries which the Spaniards afterwards called "Terra de Estevam Gomez."
On the 3rd of February, 1498, King Henry VII. signed at Westminster some new letters patent. He empowered John Cabot or his representative,—being duly authorized—to take in English ports six vessels of 200 tons' burden, and to procure all that should be required for their equipment, at the same price as if it were for the crown. He was allowed to take on board such master-mariners, pages, and other subjects as might of their own accord wish to go, and pass with him to the recently discovered land and islands. John Cabot bore the expense of the equipment of two vessels, and three others were fitted out at the cost of the merchants of Bristol.
In all probability it was death—a sudden and unexpected death—which prevented John Cabot from taking the command of this expedition. His son Sebastian then assumed the direction of the fleet, which carried 300 men and provisions for a year. After having sighted land at 45°, Sebastian Cabot followed the coast as far as 58°, perhaps even higher, but then it became so cold, and although it was the month of July, there was so much floating ice about, that, it would have been impossible to go further northwards. The days were very long, and the nights excessively light, an interesting detail by which to fix the latitude reached, for we know that below the 60th parallel of latitude the longest days are eighteen hours. These various reasons made Sebastian Cabot decide to put about, and he touched at the Bacalhaos Islands, of which the inhabitants, who were clothed in the skins of animals, were armed with bow and arrows, lance, javelin, and wooden sword. The navigators here caught a great number of cod-fish; they were even so numerous, says an old narrative, that they hindered ships from advancing. After having sailed along the coast of America as far as 38°, Cabot set out for England, where he arrived at the beginning of autumn. This voyage had indeed a threefold object, that of discovery, commerce, and colonization, as is shown by the number of vessels which took part in it and the strength of the crews. Nevertheless it does not appear that Cabot landed any one, or that he made any attempts at forming a settlement, either in Labrador, or in Hudson's Bay—which he was destined to explore more completely in 1517, in the reign of Henry VIII.—or even to the south of the Bacalhaos, known by the general name of Newfoundland. At the close of this expedition, which was almost entirely unproductive, we lose sight of Sebastian Cabot, if not completely, at least so as to be insufficiently informed about his deeds and voyages until 1517. The traveller Hojeda, whose various enterprises we have related above, had left Spain in the month of May, 1499. We know that in this voyage he met with an Englishman at Caquibaco, on the coast of America. Can this have been Cabot? Nothing has come to light to enable us to settle this point; but we may believe that Cabot did not remain idle, and that he would be likely to undertake some fresh expedition: what we do know is, that in spite of the solemn engagements that he had made with Cabot, the King of England granted certain privileges of trading in the countries which he had discovered, to the Portuguese and to the merchants of Bristol. This ungenerous manner of recognizing his services wounded the navigator, and decided him to accept the offers which had been made to him on different occasions, to enter the Spanish service. From the death of Vespucius, which happened in 1512, Cabot was the navigator held in most renown. To attach him to himself, Ferdinand wrote on the 13th of September, 1512, to Lord Willoughby, commander in chief of the troops which had been transported to Italy, to treat with the Venetian navigator.
As soon as he arrived in Castille, Cabot received the rank of captain, by an edict dated the 20th of October, 1512, with a salary of 5000 maravédis. Seville was fixed upon for his residence, until an opportunity might arise of turning his talents and experience to account. There was a plan on foot for his taking the command of a very important expedition, when Ferdinand the Catholic died, on the 23rd of January, 1516. Cabot returned at once to England, having probably obtained leave of absence. Eden tells us that the following year Cabot was appointed with Sir Thomas Pert to the command of a fleet which was to reach China by the north-west. On the 11th of June, he was in Hudson's Bay at 67½° of latitude; the sea free from ice spread itself out before him so far that he reckoned upon success in his enterprise, when the faintheartedness of his companion, together with the cowardice and mutinous spirit of the crews, who refused to go any further, obliged him to return to England. In hisTheatrum orbis terrarum, Ortelius traces the shape of Hudson's Bay as it really is; he even indicates at its northern extremity a strait leading northwards. How can the geographer have attained to such exactness? "Who," says Mr. Nicholls, "can have given him the information set forth in his map, if not Cabot?"
On his return to England, Cabot found the country ravaged by a horrible plague, which put a stop even to commercial transactions. Soon, either because the time of his leave had expired, or that he wished to escape from the pestilence, or that he was recalled to Spain, the Venetian navigator returned to that country. In 1518, on the 5th of February, Cabot was made pilot-major, with a salary which, added to that which he already had, made a total of 125,000 maravédis, say, 300 ducats. He did not actually exercise the functions of his office till Charles V. returned from England. His principal duty consisted in examining pilots, who were not allowed to go to the Indies until after having passed this examination.
This epoch was by no means favourable to great maritime expeditions. The struggle between France and Spain absorbed all the resources both in men and money, of these two countries—Cabot too, who seems to have adopted science for his fatherland, much more than any particular country, made some overtures to Contarini, the Ambassador of Venice, to take service on board the fleets of the Republic; but when the favourable answer of the Council of Ten arrived, he had other projects in his head, and did not carry his attempt any further.
In the month of April, 1524, Cabot presided at a conference of mariners and cosmographers, which met at Badajoz, to discuss the question whether the Moluccas belonged, according to the celebrated treaty of Tordesillas, to Spain or Portugal. On the 31st of May, it was decided that the Moluccas were within the Spanish waters, by 20°. Perhaps this resolution of the junta of which Cabot was president, and which again placed in the hands of Spain a great part of the spice trade, was not without its influence upon the resolutions of the council of the Indies. However this may be, in the month of September of the same year Cabot was authorized to take the command of three vessels of 100 tons, and a small caravel, carrying together 150 men, with the title of captain-general.
The declared aim of this voyage was to pass through the Strait of Magellan, carefully to explore the western coast of America, and to reach the Moluccas, where they would take in on their return a cargo of spices. The month of August, 1525, had been fixed upon as the date of departure, but the intrigues of Portugal succeeded in delaying it until April, 1526.
Different circumstances seem from this moment to have augured ill for the voyage. Cabot had only a nominal authority, and the association of merchants who had defrayed the expenses of the equipment not accepting him willingly as chief, had found means to oppose all the plans of the Venetian sailor. Thus it was that in place of the man whom he had appointed as second in command, another was imposed upon him, and that instructions destined to be unsealed when at sea were delivered to each captain. They contained this absurd arrangement, that in case of the death of the captain-general, eleven individuals were to succeed him each in his turn. Was not this an encouragement given to assassination?
Scarcely was the fleet out of sight of land, when discontent appeared. The rumour spread that the captain-general was not equal to his task; then as they saw that these calumnies did not affect him, they pretended that the flotilla was already short of provisions. The mutiny broke out as soon as land was reached, but Cabot was not the man to allow himself to be annihilated by it; he had suffered too much from Sir Thomas Pert's cowardice to bear such an insult. In order to nip the evil in the bud, he had the mutinous captains seized, and notwithstanding their reputation and the brilliancy of their past services, he made them get into a boat, and abandoned them on the shore. Four months afterwards they had the good luck to be picked up by a Portuguese expedition, which seems to have had orders to thwart the plans of Cabot.
The Venetian navigator then penetrated into the Rio de la Plata, the exploration of which had been commenced by his predecessor the Pilot-major de Solis. The expedition was not then composed of more than two vessels, one having been lost during the voyage. Cabot sailed up the Argent River, and discovered an island which he called Francis Gabriel, and upon which he built the fort of San Salvador, entrusting the command of it to Antonio de Grajeda. Cabot had the keel removed from one of his caravels, and with it, being towed by his small boats, entered the Parana, built a new fort at the confluence of the Carcarama and Terceiro, and after having thus secured his line of retreat he pursued the course of these rivers farther into the interior. Arriving at the confluence of the Parana and Paraguay, he followed the second, the direction of which agreed best with his project of reaching the region of the west where silver was to be obtained. But it was not long before the aspect of the country changed, and the attitude of the inhabitants altered also. Until now, they had collected in crowds, astonished at the sight of the vessels; but upon the cultivated shores of the Paraguay they courageously opposed the strangers' landing, and three Spaniards having tried to knock down the fruit from a palm-tree, a struggle took place, in which 300 natives lost their lives. This victory had disabled twenty-five Spaniards. It was too much for Cabot, who rapidly removed his wounded to the fort San Spirito and retired, still presenting a bold front to the enemy.
Cabot had already sent two of his companions to the Emperor, to acquaint him with the attempt at revolt of the captains, to explain to him the motives which obliged him to modify the course marked out for his voyage, and to request aid from him, both in men and provisions. The answer arrived at last. The Emperor approved of what Cabot had done, and ordered him to colonize the country in which he had just made a settlement, but did not send him either one man or a single maravédi. Cabot tried to procure the resources which he needed in the country, and caused some attempts at cultivation to be commenced. At the same time, to keep his troops in exercise, he reduced the neighbouring nations to obedience, had some forts built, and again sailing up the Paraguay he reached Potosi, and the water-courses of the Andes which feed the basin of the Atlantic. At last he prepared to enter Peru, from whence came the gold and silver which he had seen in the possession of the natives; but it needed more troops than he could muster, to attempt the conquest of this vast region. The Emperor, however, was quite unable to send him any. His European wars absorbed all his resources, the Cortez refused to vote new subsidies and the Moluccas had just been pledged to Portugal. In this state of affairs, after having occupied the country for five years, and waited all this time for the assistance which never came, Cabot decided to evacuate a part of his settlements, and he returned with some of his people to Spain. The rest, amounting to 120, men who were left to guard the fort of San Spirito, after many vicissitudes which cannot be related here, perished by the hands of the Indians, or were obliged to take refuge in the Portuguese settlements on the coast of Brazil. It is to the horses imported by Cabot that is due the wonderful race of wild horses which may be seen in large troops on the pampas of La Plata at the present day; this was the only result of the expedition.
Some time after his return to Spain, Cabot resigned his office, and went to Bristol, where he settled about 1548, that is to say at the beginning of the reign of Edward VI. What were the motives of this fresh change? Was Cabot discontented at having been left to his own resources during his expedition? Was he hurt at the manner in which his services were recompensed? It is impossible to say. But Charles V. took advantage of Cabot's departure to deprive him of his pension, which Edward VI. hastened to replace, causing him to receive 250 marks annually, about 116l. and a fraction, which was a considerable sum for that period.
The post which Cabot occupied in England seems to be best expressed by the name of Intendant of the Navy; under the authority of the king and council, he appears to have superintended all maritime affairs. He issues licences, he examines pilots, he frames instructions, he draws maps, a varied and complicated function for which he possessed the rare gift of both practical and theoretical knowledge. At the same time he instructed the young king in cosmography, explained to him the variation of the compass, and was successful in interesting him in nautical matters, and in the glory resulting from maritime discoveries. It was a high and almost unique situation. Cabot used it to put into execution a project which he had long cherished.
At this period, we may almost say there was no trade in England. All commerce was in the hands of the Hanseatic towns, Antwerp, Hamburg, Bremen, &c. These companies of merchants had, on various occasions, obtained considerable reductions in import duties, and had ended by monopolizing the English trade. Cabot held that Englishmen possessed as good qualifications as these merchants for becoming manufacturers, and that the already powerful navy which England possessed might assist marvellously in the export of the products of the soil and of the manufactures. What was the use of having recourse to strangers when people could do their own business? If they had been unable up to this time to reach Cathay and India by the north-west, might they not endeavour to reach it by the north-east. And if they did not succeed, would they not find in this direction more commercial, and more civilized people than the miserable Esquimaux on the coast of Labrador and Newfoundland?
Cabot assembled some leading London merchants, laid his projects before them, and formed them into an association, of which on the 14th of December, 1551, he was named president for life. At the same time he exerted himself most vigorously with the king, and having made him understand the wrong which the monopoly enjoyed by strangers did to his own subjects, he obtained its abolition on the 23rd of February, 1551, and inaugurated the practice of free trade.
The Association of English Merchants, under the name of "Merchant Adventurers," hastened to have some vessels built, adapted to the difficulties to be encountered in the navigation of the Arctic regions. The first improvement which the English marine owed to Cabot was the sheathing of the keels, which he had seen done in Spain, but which had not hitherto been practised in England.
A flotilla of three vessels was assembled at Deptford. They were the Buona-Speranza, of which the command was given to Sir Hugh Willoughby, a brave gentleman who had earned a high reputation in war; the Buona-Confidencia, Captain Cornil Durforth; and the Bonaventure, Captain Richard Chancellor, a clever sailor, and a particular friend of Cabot's; he received the title of pilot-major. The sailing-master of the Bonaventure was Stephen Burrough, an accomplished mariner, who was destined to make numerous voyages in the North seas, and later to become pilot in chief for England.
Although age and his important duties prevented Cabot from placing himself at the head of the expedition, he wished at least, to preside over all the details of the equipment. He himself wrote out the instructions, which have been preserved, and which prove the prudence and skill of this distinguished navigator. He there recommends the use of the log-line, an instrument intended to measure the speed of the vessel, and he desires that the journal of the events happening at sea may be kept with regularity, and that all information as to the character, manners, habits, and resources of the people visited, and the productions of the country, may be recorded in writing. The sailors were to offer no violence to the natives, but to act towards them with courtesy. All blasphemy and swearing was to be punished with severity, and also drunkenness. The religious exercises are prescribed, prayers are to be said morning and evening, and the Holy Scriptures are to be read once in the day. Cabot ends by recommending union and concord above all, and reminds the captains of the greatness of their enterprise, and the honour which they might hope to gain; finally he promises them to add his prayers to theirs for the success of their common work.
The squadron set sail on the 20th of May, 1558, in presence of the court assembled at Greenwich, amid an immense concourse of people, after fêtes and rejoicings, at which the king, who was ill, could not be present. Near the Loffoden Islands, on the coast of Norway at the bearing of Wardhous, the squadron was separated from theBonaventure. Carried away by the storm, Willoughby's two vessels touched, without doubt, at Nova Zembla, and were forced by the ice to return southwards. On the 18th of September, they entered the port formed by the mouth of the River Arzina in East Lapland. Some time afterwards, the Buona-Confidencia, separated from Willoughby by a fresh tempest, returned to England. As to the latter, some Russian fishermen found his vessel the following year, in the midst of the ice. The whole crew had died of cold. This, at least, is what we are led to suppose from the journal kept by the unfortunate Willoughby up to the month of January, 1554.
Chancellor, after having waited in vain for his two consorts at the rendezvous which had been agreed upon in case of separation, thought they must have outsailed him, and rounding the North Cape, he entered a vast gulf which was none other than the White Sea; he then landed at the mouth of the Dwina, near the monastery of St. Nicholas, on the spot upon which the town of Archangel was soon to stand. The inhabitants of these desolate places told him that the country was under the dominion of the Grand Duke of Russia. Chancellor resolved at once to go to Moscow, in spite of the enormous distance which separated him from it. The Czar then on the throne was Ivan IV. Wassiliewitch, called the Terrible. For some time before this, the Russians had shaken off the Tartar yoke, and Ivan had united all the petty rival principalities in one body politic, of which the power was already becoming considerable. The situation of Russia, exclusively continental, far from any frequented sea, isolated from the rest of Europe, of which it did not yet form part, so much were its habits and manners still Asiatic, promised success to Chancellor.
The Czar, who up to this time, had not been able to procure European merchandise, except by way of Poland, and who wished to gain access to the German seas, saw with pleasure the attempts of the English to establish a trade which would be beneficial to both parties. He not only received Chancellor courteously, but he made him most advantageous offers, granted him great privileges and encouraged him, by the kindness of his reception, to repeat his voyage. Chancellor sold his merchandise to great advantage, and after taking on board another cargo of furs, of seal and whale oils, copper, and other products, returned to England, carrying a letter from the Czar. The advantages which the Company of Merchant Adventurers had derived from this first voyage, encouraged them to attempt a second. So Chancellor the following year, made a fresh voyage to Archangel, and took two of the Company's agents to Russia, who concluded an advantageous treaty with the Czar. Then he set out again for England with an ambassador and his suite, sent by Ivan to Great Britain. Of the four vessels which composed the flotilla, one was lost on the coast of Norway, another as it left Drontheim, and the Bonaventure, on board of which were Chancellor and the ambassador, foundered in the Bay of Pitsligo, on the east coast of Scotland on the 10th of November, 1556. Chancellor was drowned in the wreck, being less fortunate than the Muscovite ambassador, who had the good luck to escape; but the presents and merchandise which he was carrying to England were lost.
Such was the commencement of the Anglo-Russian Company. A goodly number of expeditions succeeded each other in those parts, but it would be beside our purpose to give an account of them. Let us now return to Cabot.
It was in 1554 that Queen Mary of England was married to Philip II., King of Spain. When the latter came to England he showed himself very ill-disposed towards Cabot, who had abandoned the service of Spain, and who, at this very moment was procuring for England a commerce which would soon immensely increase the maritime power of an already formidable country. Thus we are not surprised to learn that eight days after the landing of the King of Spain, Cabot was forced to resign his office and his pension, both of which had been bestowed upon him for life by Edward VI. Worthington was nominated in his place. Mr. Nicholls thinks that this dishonourable man, who had had some quarrels with the law, had a secret mission to seize among Cabot's plans, maps, instructions, and projects, those which could be of use to Spain. The fact is that all these documents are now lost, at least unless they may yet be discovered among the archives of Simancas.
At the end of this period, history completely loses sight of the old mariner. The same mystery which hangs over his birth, also envelopes the place and date of his death. His immense discoveries, his cosmographical works, his study of the variations of the magnetic needle, his wisdom, his humane disposition, and his honourable conduct, place Sebastian Cabot in the foremost rank among discoverers. A figure lost in the shadow and vagueness of legends until our own day, Cabot owes it to his biographers, to Biddle, D'Avezac, and Nicholls, that he is now better known, more highly appreciated, and for the first time really placed in the light.
How he delighted the crowds with a Havana cigar in one hand and a can of beer in the other. He wore a Lincolnesque top hat and a gold-braided purple vest. His antics had everyone rollicking at seeing their vices aped before their eyes.
He’d chug the beer and drum on his belly, inhale from the cigar, then roll over backwards without spilling a drop or losing his top hat and come up puffing smoke rings. It was a performance that delighted his handlers, who never knew what he would do next, and so found themselves clapping along with the crowd.
Alfonse was jealous of Julie and Romeo who were always together, and he’d quickly step in when they had fights. Alfonse had given up Lily to Jocko, who was drawn to the pink tutu she wore when Alfonse would let her perform with him.
All the while, Phillip bowed to everyone with his massive gray weight, and his trunk always raised for travel, though he never went anywhere. He was a living example of how bulk could be left behind. The most precious part of him had been sawed off and now he stood around all day resigned, unaffected by Alfonse’s performance. For years he had acknowledged Charles only by moving backwards in his presence, hiding all emotion.
Ray was king of them all, whose tan ruff had forgotten about his proud walk. Instead, he stalked shadows rolling over on his back, as lunatics do, growling at rainstorms or a full moon, imagining an affinity with thunder and lightning.
Babs, Lila, and Sara were always displaying their purple rumps to each other, a permanently streaked dress that changed colors with their moods. Only they could read the delicate shades on their backsides, the exact degree of wiggle. Sam was the Mormon of the population, lording over the three females.
Slip left the herd to dote on Sandy, who could go for days without water; so regal was he that he seemed to give Ray competition, though everyone knew despite his tawny hue he was only a humpbacked, spindly-legged impersonator. Slip gazed starry-eyed at Sandy, felt the shifting dune between them, as Jack and Billy, little more than harmless two-year-olds, sharpened their claws on the palm tree as if it were balsa, surveying the two love birds with bemused lynx eyes.
Lulu wanted to fly before she grew pregnant with Rosie by Henry who groaned for two straight nights with a constant toothache, as if it were he who was giving birth. She would have settled for bathing in the Tshopo River that ran by their compound, but it was fenced off, so she lay in the mud looking at the inviting current that bore her along like the smoothest fingers of a masseuse.
And there was Sherman, who was fond of Lulu and her soft skin, probably because of his prominent nose that some already coveted as an aphrodisiac. Sherman was as light-footed as the idea of war was absent from his armor-plated bulk.
Stripes, who stood by incarcerated, always had an eye out for Slip – who was more graceful than Stripes, despite his reputation for running. Maybe Stripes could imagine, despite shivers through his prison garb, his pink snout already buried in her soft coat.
Savannah towered above everyone with her exaggerated neck and always seemed to have a sore throat. Some wondered that she must have had the biggest heart of all for the blood to climb so high.
“How’s the weather up there?” someone would inevitably ask. When she sneezed, tiny droplets of water would land on Stripes and Slip and everybody.
And then there was Chip, who ate so heartily that he could supply whole villages with fuel to burn. Also there was Jewel, more colorfully bedecked than any royalty. She seemed to fan herself and pirouette every time she was looked at. Jack and Billy had dreams of her, but never seemed to get past the idea of feathers already in their mouth and eyes accusatorily trained on them.
People came in busloads, herds of them from Brussels, Antwerp, London, Paris, and from far away as New York and Tokyo. And with every paid admission the lawns were better tended, the tropical flowers more astonishingly colorful, the population healthier and better fed, and the Tshopo River more sparkling than ever, threading its way through the most luxuriant vegetation.
Since 1954 the Gardens had been the Jewel of the Congo, the most prominent setting in the tiara of perhaps the richest continent in the world.
And the visitors grimaced, grew delighted, barked, squirmed, snorted, worked their jaws endlessly, stood agape, pointing and marveling at the diversity of the life–redheads with freckles, with green, blue, gray eyes, and hair styles that shot out of their heads like beehives, pony tails, pig tails, flat tops, crew cuts, layered, spiked, crimped, wavy, yellowed, straightened and curled, kinky-black, flaxen, and lately – fluorescent pink, green, and orange. The visitors looked on in amazement and belched in contentment at seeing themselves mirrored.
They wore black habits with white wimples, uniforms decorated with the most colorful insignia, hemp, silk, cotton and polyester dresses, garb the likes of which the creatures they came to see were sometimes a poor imitation of. Even the toucan. They sported platform shoes, high heels, heavy boots, leather and straw sandals, sneakers, tennis shoes, clogs and thongs.
But still the wildlife set the standard for the visitors, gave them ideas beyond adorning themselves with boas and skins, spots and stripes, with armor and crests. They taught them about living in close quarters, about boredom and abstinence, about mating rituals, parenting, aggression and peacefulness, about hunting and stalking, about every aspect of life imaginable. As a matter of fact, people would have been at a total loss without them.
The keepers, too, marveled at the visitors. How odd their dress, their habits, how they stopped to kiss and caress each other in all seasons, chewed gum and smoked tobacco, how boisterous they were, and shameless. And the copulation they came to see only warranted a bored glance from the participants, little different than what occurs every day on the stages in Amsterdam.
All except Alfonse and his ilk, compelled as they were to entertain the tourists with their own habits. Some think that is why they came all the way from Europe, to see their behavior mimicked in Central Africa. The local population thought this a strange payback for all the years of colonialism. For despite the live imports to Europe, it wasn’t the same as coming to the Congo and seeing these creatures in their natural habitat.
Then one night there was an explosion and the sky lit up with the groan of shells and an orange tracery of bullets. The residents hunkered down and looked on in amazement at the bursts of red flame, tried to protect their ears from the deafening roar, felt the vibrations race up their hooves.
Alfonse groaned, Romeo and Julie held each other. Charles and Phillip lay mute like large gray boulders, immovable but sensitive to every tremor. They both had endured the grating sounds of hacksaws going through their tusks, but still grew frightened at the periodic bursts of light.
Even Ray hunched closer to the ground, as if his kingdom was now smaller than ever. Jack and Billy, after fighting all day, pretended to sleep balled up in each other’s fur. They were young but not oblivious to the successive concussions that assumed a kind of rhythm, like the hum of an old hotel air conditioner whose wheezing and mechanical readjustments are required for the comfort of the human race.
Babs, Lila, and Sara quickly patched up their differences and were huddled together around Sam, as their accelerated pulse now seemed one circulatory system.
Slip had rejoined the herd that stood still as if grazing, for the antelope had no place to hide–maybe they thought Kenny the kudu, or Giles the impala, with their magnificent horns, might yet protect them. Slip kept her eyes on the camel tent all night to make sure Sandy was all right.
Lulu lay in the mud with Rosie curled up in her belly, believing the bath of wet earth would amply hide her. Sherman couldn’t see behind a solid metal door, but could smell Lulu’s fear, and periodically, between concussions, would scratch the ground for her to hear.
Stripes was skittish and would have liked to break out from the enclosure and run to the savannas twenty kilometers away, lead the herd from the gunfire–and bring Savannah with her long neck along for reconnaissance. Maybe Chip and the rest could lead the way, stampede through the city for the open savannas. Jewel and her ilk would probably stay behind preening themselves, their feathers bound to be used for dusters or to amuse house cats.
The next day the keepers came to work, despite the pockmarked earth and stench of gunpowder still in the air. The stunned population was up looking out of their enclosures. The keepers were nervous, like the animals tentative, and seemed to have lost their appetites. The residents picked up on the keepers’ whispering, their hesitancy, and their fears.
When the gates opened at nine there were no visitors, and for the next few weeks nobody but a few local families came. Civil war had broken out and the city was divided in two camps. After two weeks the rebels took over the city and the government had to flee to the countryside.
The workers’ loyalties were divided, some fled with the government troops, others joined the rebels. Most of the senior staff stayed on to take care of the residents; however, since government functions were interrupted, they were paid out of petty cash, three days one week, two the next, until finally they were reduced to getting a day’s wages for a week’s work.
The rebels were not disorganized, but their resources went into essential services. They could barely feed the people, so black markets sprang up overnight and the economy neared collapse. The influx of tourists stopped altogether, and even mediators from abroad canceled flights to Kisangani.
The keepers had to cut the rations of the residents in half, then quarter them. The enormous caloric requirements could no longer be met. The animals lost weight, grew lethargic, lost the sparkle in their eyes and the luster of their coats. The keepers at first brought food from their homes, some even stinting with their own families, but were overwhelmed by the metabolism of even the smaller-sized animals.
The laughter, the joviality and the good spirits that existed before between the keepers and animals disappeared. Disgruntled, starved, accusatorial looks replaced them as the animals looked at their keepers in bewilderment, and the keepers dropped their eyes. The chimps pleaded with their yellowed eyeballs, the tiny red threads and rheum telling of a hunger that kept them awake at night. They no longer swung from chains, or climbed on tyres.
Alfonse took off his purple vest in protest, and of course the cigars and beer stopped. The top hat lay crushed in the corner of the cage, soiled with dry excrement, and nobody bothered to pick it up. Romeo and Julie lay on opposite sides of the cage among stiff brown banana skins. Phillip and Charles grew gaunt and their wrinkles multiplied massively as their loose skin lengthened even their sawed-off tusks.
Ray’s ruff was matted with clots of filthy debris, as his long purple tongue tried lazily to catch the rows of flies lining the wet mucus of his eyelids. The youngsters Jack and Billy seemed fluffier, now that they had grown emaciated. They no longer played except to push each other feebly away. There was water from the Tshopo River, but it was infested with typhus from the dead bodies. The keepers hadn’t the fuel to boil the water, not even from Chip.
Babs, Lila, and Sara were red-rumped, as their sexuality had lost its purple, and withered the rest of their bodies with hunger. Slip was just that, a slip of an antelope whose legs were rickety as a newborn an hour after birth. Sandy sat all day and stared, that the keepers wondered if he’d ever have the strength to get up. Lulu seemed to have lost all her flesh except the bulge that was Rosie. Sherman seemed only armor and horn. Stripes seemed totally black now, as his white stripes were collapsing into one absence of color. Savannah, too, lost her reach and could barely feed herself. Chip and his kind were lying in their own dry droppings for so long they became a permanent part of their bodies.
Then one day a shell fell into the elephant house. Neither Phillip nor Charles was hit, though the ground shook wildly. The next morning, Charles crossed his buckling knees and crashed to the ground. It shook as if another shell had struck the compound. The palm trees trembled and dropped their last two coconuts, but the flesh was rotten inside as one of the workers opened them in vain. The keepers went up to Charles who was breathing heavily. Some remembered the rides he dutifully gave tourists, how majestically he bent down, rose and swayed back and forth as his tail kept a kind of rhythm to his ears flapping, gently fanning himself. They noted how especially gentle he was with children on board.
The veterinarian was called, but by that time Charles’ heart gave out and he died of a massive hemorrhage. Phillip stood in the corner and didn’t move, but then for the first time in years came out of his stall head first. Inside a week he, too, was dead, and mysteriously – that is when the disappearances started. It was as if nobody had gotten the idea until Charles died.
The remaining workers had not been paid for months and were living from hand to mouth, coming to work every day hoping for a change. Soon the cages started to empty one by one and lost the odor of life and the bracing stench of ammonia. Each night another animal disappeared, and by day a curious eeriness filled the zoo.
The workers went about their duties cleaning the cages of dust and bird droppings, for the animals now rarely fouled them with anything more than little greenish-brown puddles, or the tiniest balls of excrement. Some looked sadder than before, others healthier. The antelope, zebra, giraffe, and buffalo were first to go after the elephants. But though they were starving by the time of Charles’ collapse and had little flesh on their bones, it is certainly to the keepers’ credit that they waited so long.
When Professor Samuel Ndomba’s article appeared in the newspaper, that too, signaled the beginning of the end.
“How can people feed the animals when they are hungry themselves, when our children are malnourished. It’s a crime!” he wrote.
That’s when the disappearances accelerated. One night the two chimps disappeared, Romeo and Julie, then Alfonse himself. Some of the keepers were in tears the next morning remembering Alfonse’s antics, how he mimicked their behavior, chugging beer and blowing smoke rings, how he brought smiles to countless tourists over the years. His handler went into a deep depression and said he didn’t want Alfonse’s vest. His crushed top hat remained in the corner even after the cage was cleaned.
Only Ray’s ruff was left, scattered around the cage one morning when the keepers arrived, though fresh blood was still on the bars. Jack and Billy disappeared the same night. Babs, Lila, and Sara were missed on successive days, soon after Sam, though people in that part of Africa had never been heard to eat baboon.
The hippo and the rhino were last to go, all except for Roc the crocodile. He was the only survivor, and stayed alive for more than three months after his last meal of fish in January. He lived until April. It was rumored that Julie was fed to Roc but nobody believed it. Still some keepers had an especial respect for the longevity of the crocodile, for its cold-blooded tenacity. It was a survivor, like they were, and so a pall of gloom settled over the facility when Roc died. They had tried to feed him snakes, but he wouldn’t take them.
The workers still show up promptly every morning because the zoo is officially open. They go about their duties cleaning the empty cages, tidying up for the animals’ return. Maybe they won’t admit to themselves that they are really gone, such ponderously massive presences, such graceful dignified creatures, so in possession of themselves, and with whom they formed such intimacy. Chimps and baboons, so like them that they gave audiences and keepers alike endless pleasure. Even Roc in his element floated into their psyches, all nostrils and eyes, with a dental heritage they too denied, refusing to openly admit the animals they had eaten.
Alfonse’s handler refused to speak to journalists, he was too broken up. Everyone now had grave expressions on their faces going through the motions of a normal day, carrying inside them the huge deception that there were still animals to care for. Though there was no smell of excrement, or urine that kept their airways free of colds and respiratory infections. Their blood pressures even rose now that there were no animals to pet or care for. In fact, a curious malaise overtook the workers.
The skull in Joseph Okoko’s office nobody will say for sure is Alfonse, but everyone knows it contains a spirit that some believe at night blows smoke rings.
The civil war still rages, but the remaining zookeepers are curiously pacific –perhaps from their charges safely in their bellies, contributing to the remaining luster in their eye, the gloss of their hair, their own body movements and animal strength, as they go about the business of now caring more meticulously for their absence.
But a closer look reveals that they are less healthy than before. Maybe they have simply been aged by all the turmoil, by the betrayal, and loss of the reason for living –the absent antics of their charges, their missing love affairs or attachments, by Charles and Phillip not getting along for years without coming to blows, by Ray who would lie in the sunshine and not want anymore to pounce on Slip or any member of her herd, by the antics of the jaguars, Billy and Jack, little more than cubs who lost the habit of playing only when they grew emaciated, by the love triangle of Lila, Babs, and Sara for Sam, by the distance always in Sandy’s eyes, or the gravid beauty of Lulu with tiny Rosie inside her belly, by Sherman always standing before the metal door of his concrete cage, or Stripes, permanently wearing the emblem of his incarceration with dignity, and by Chip who may already be sewn together for someone’s shoes, or Roc who surely is a handbag, or last but not least Jewel, and her feathers for dusting or decorations.
Unoka now has gout worse than ever. Maybe it is from the purines in the meat he ate when the rest of the city was starving, that he can hardly get around the grounds anymore. Okoye has heart disease; his cholesterol got out of hand a few weeks before, and the doctor advises a diet of legumes and grains. Okonokwo is having dizzy spells from, his wife says, “moping all the time and not eating—he doesn’t even know a civil war is raging.”
Tombo is forever lying in the doorway of the tiger cage he used to take care of. Some whisper the spirits of Ben and Louise pass him by and flies collect on his body like they did on Louise when she didn’t have the strength to brush them off. Babo has constant eye infections since he puts his hands in them. Samba’s liver is bothering him since, his brother says, he drinks all the time. Nobody knows where he gets the money. Alfonse’s handler, they say, is losing his mind, talking to himself more and more these days, swatting at flies not even on him. They say sometimes he sits in his office and stares at Alphonse’s skull for hours.
Still they all turn up each morning to clean cages whose occupants, in a moment of hunger, filled their empty bellies.
Richard Krause’s collection of fiction, Studies in Insignificance, was published by Livingston Press, and his epigram collection, Optical Biases, was published by Eyecorner Press in Denmark. In the last year, his fiction has appeared in Eastlit, The Oddville Press, Scarlet Leaf Review, Brilliant Flash Fiction, Indiana Voice Journal, and Hackwriters Magazine. A story of his is also upcoming in Cold Creek Review. He teaches at Somerset Community College in Kentucky in the U.S.
NOTE: Advertisements and sponsorships contribute to website hosting and maintenance costs. Thank you for your support.
I had an eye appointment today, as I do every 6 months or so... as just a check up. I've done it for as long as I can remember. Why? Because I have glaucoma. For those who don't know exactly what that is here is a definition: "an eye disease that damages the optic nerve and impairs vision (sometimes ...
Now you can treat glaucoma and hypertension of the eye with Alphagan P eye drops. Here is the original post: Drop glaucoma with Alphagan P eye drops | Health
Adverse Medication Events: The significance of eye drops causing side-effects in older adults Adverse drug events (ADE’s), also called side-effects, are responsible for 2.2 million hospital visits and 106,000 deaths each year! If ADE’s were a disease by itself, it would be the 5 th leading cause of ...
There is no bicycle parking available at the clinic but there are a number of bike racks in and around the Soho area.
BAA BYLA BAA BYLB BAA BYLC BAA BYLD BAA BYLE BAA BYLF BAA BYLG BAA BYLH BAA BYLI BAA BYLJ BAA BYLK BAA BYLL BAA BYLM BAA BYLN BAA BYLO BAA BYLP BAA BYLQ BAA BYLR BAA BYLS BAA BYLT BAA BYLU BAA BYLV BAA BYLW BAA BYLX BAA BYLY BAA BYLZ BAA BYL0 BAA BYL1 BAA BYL2 BAA BYL3 BAA BYL4 BAA BYL5 BAA BYL6 BAA BYL7 BAA BYL8 BAA BYL9
BAA BYUA BAA BYUB BAA BYUC BAA BYUD BAA BYUE BAA BYUF BAA BYUG BAA BYUH BAA BYUI BAA BYUJ BAA BYUK BAA BYUL BAA BYUM BAA BYUN BAA BYUO BAA BYUP BAA BYUQ BAA BYUR BAA BYUS BAA BYUT BAA BYUU BAA BYUV BAA BYUW BAA BYUX BAA BYUY BAA BYUZ BAA BYU0 BAA BYU1 BAA BYU2 BAA BYU3 BAA BYU4 BAA BYU5 BAA BYU6 BAA BYU7 BAA BYU8 BAA BYU9
BAA BY1A BAA BY1B BAA BY1C BAA BY1D BAA BY1E BAA BY1F BAA BY1G BAA BY1H BAA BY1I BAA BY1J BAA BY1K BAA BY1L BAA BY1M BAA BY1N BAA BY1O BAA BY1P BAA BY1Q BAA BY1R BAA BY1S BAA BY1T BAA BY1U BAA BY1V BAA BY1W BAA BY1X BAA BY1Y BAA BY1Z BAA BY10 BAA BY11 BAA BY12 BAA BY13 BAA BY14 BAA BY15 BAA BY16 BAA BY17 BAA BY18 BAA BY19
BAA BY5A BAA BY5B BAA BY5C BAA BY5D BAA BY5E BAA BY5F BAA BY5G BAA BY5H BAA BY5I BAA BY5J BAA BY5K BAA BY5L BAA BY5M BAA BY5N BAA BY5O BAA BY5P BAA BY5Q BAA BY5R BAA BY5S BAA BY5T BAA BY5U BAA BY5V BAA BY5W BAA BY5X BAA BY5Y BAA BY5Z BAA BY50 BAA BY51 BAA BY52 BAA BY53 BAA BY54 BAA BY55 BAA BY56 BAA BY57 BAA BY58 BAA BY59
GE is the world’s Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry.
This opportunity is available for a person interested in leading the research, development, and delivery of clinical features for GE Healthcare’s Anesthesia and Respiratory Care (ARC) products. The Principal Engineer, Clinical Insights bridges clinical needs with engineering solutions for the Anesthesia and Respiratory Care space. Coaches, mentors and develops the engineering community in process, career growth and technical excellence.
1. Responsible for identification of novel therapy delivery and analytic solutions for our patients and their caregivers as well as the process of researching, developing, and clearance through clinical trials.
2. This individual is expected to have regular contact with key customers and thought leaders within the perioperative and critical care spaces. Utilizing these, the Principal Engineer – Clinical Insights will translate clinical insights into technical solutions that produce customer valued product features.
3. Given this position’s key role in innovation, the Principal Engineer – Clinical Insights also plays a key role in leading the development and protection of intellectual property. This role also includes leading strategies to build the clinical knowledge of our design engineering staff through partnerships with clinicians and creation of educational programs.
• Minimum 3 years of experience in design and development of systems that provide ventilation and gas delivery to patients
• Demonstrated relationships with clinical customers, understanding the physiology behind clinical therapy and the devices that provide such therapy
• Demonstrated competency in understanding functionality of complex systems including mechanical (pneumatic and structural), electrical, and software designs and their interactions
1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position.
3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as required
International agency network, Tribe Global, is delighted to welcome yet another new member to its impressively expanding roster of independent agencies. Based in Sydney, Australia, The Holla Agency is a fully integrated agency with 15 years experience using customer insight and strategic thinking to deliver integrated ideas that drive business performance.
With clients including Ansell, Brookfield, Kohler and Primary Healthcare, The Holla Agency’s nimble and non-traditional approach to integrated communications make them ideally suited to align with Tribe Global’s flourishing network of independently owned agencies.
Bringing with them their considerable knowledge and experience of the Asia Pacific creative industries, The Holla Agency mark the first Australian agency to join the network, further adding to the group’s unique understanding of global creative services.
Alex Allwood, Agency Principle, The Holla Agency said: 'As New members Of Tribe Global, we're looking forward to sharing our knowledge, experience and resources with like-minded partners from all over the world. Our successful ten year track record of applying localised market knowledge to providing contemporary communications strategies can only benefit from access to such an impressive global knowledge base, and we’re looking forward to putting back in every bit as much as we’re able to gain.'
Tribe Global Managing Director, Ian Wright said: 'Our expansion into Australia with the arrival of The Holla Agency represents yet another fantastic achievement in the creation and consolidation of this very special network. We’re delighted to welcome The Holla Agency into the Tribe Global family and are very much looking forward to benefitting from their creative distinctiveness, while supporting their ongoing success through access to our considerable global resources.'
Tribe Global now has 22 members comprised of over 800 talented individuals across 16 countries worldwide. In 2011, the network saw a joint gross profit of more than $50 million.
For more information about Tribe Global and its member agencies please visit the new website at www.tribeglobal.net. The Holla Agency’s website is http://thehollaagency.com.au/
Role-play specialist in domination. Hot Muscular dude doing some dirty jobs in the Garage. Asian domme MissyX racial domination raceplay slave training. A Message about error of signup. No idea whose they are, just collected from various sources.
Katelina. Age: 26. Hello welcome to my bbw experience! I'm fun tons of tricks and wait till you see what I have in store I'm the best of the best no great when you meet her! I'm usually in the Burlington area and am flexible
Annie is a horny bitch. Muscular Lifeguard Gets Jumped. That's me pretty much. Michelle b pov blowjob and asa akira hardcore anal tumblr Muscular. Annie Cruz gets pounded by huge Black Cock Interracial.
Antacids are taken by mouth to relieve heartburn, sour stomach, or acid indigestion. They work by neutralizing excess stomach acid. Some antacid combinations also contain simethicone, which may relieve the symptoms of excess gas. Antacids alone or in combination with simethicone may also be used to treat the symptoms of stomach or duodenal ulcers.
With larger doses than those used for the antacid effect, magnesium hydroxide (magnesia) and magnesium oxide antacids produce a laxative effect. The information that follows applies only to their use as an antacid.
Some antacids, like aluminum carbonate and aluminum hydroxide, may be prescribed with a low-phosphate diet to treat hyperphosphatemia (too much phosphate in the blood). Aluminum carbonate and aluminum hydroxide may also be used with a low-phosphate diet to prevent the formation of some kinds of kidney stones. Aluminum hydroxide may also be used for other conditions as determined by your doctor.
These medicines are available without a prescription. However, your doctor may have special instructions on the proper use and dose of these medicines for your medical problem. They are available in the following dosage forms:
If you are taking this medicine without a prescription, carefully read and follow any precautions on the label. For antacids, the following should be considered:
Allergies—Tell your health care professional if you have ever had any unusual or allergic reaction to aluminum-, calcium-, magnesium-, simethicone-, or sodium bicarbonate-containing medicines. Also, tell your health care professional if you are allergic to any other substances, such as foods, preservatives, or dyes.
Diet—Make certain your health care professional knows if you are on a low-sodium diet. Some antacids contain large amounts of sodium.
Pregnancy—Studies on effects in pregnancy have not been done in either humans or animals. However, there have been reports of antacids causing side effects in babies whose mothers took antacids for a long time, especially in high doses during pregnancy. Also, sodium-containing medicines should be avoided if you tend to retain (keep) body water.
Breast-feeding—Some aluminum-, calcium-, or magnesium-containing antacids may pass into breast milk. However, these medicines have not been reported to cause problems in nursing babies.
Children—Antacids should not be given to young children (under 6 years of age) unless ordered by their doctor. Since children cannot usually describe their symptoms very well, a doctor should first check the child. The child may have a condition that needs other treatment. If so, antacids will not help and may even cause unwanted effects or make the condition worse. In addition, aluminum- or magnesium-containing medicines should not be given to premature or very young children because they may cause serious side effects, especially when given to children who have kidney disease or who are dehydrated.
Older adults—Aluminum-containing antacids should not be used by elderly persons with bone problems or with Alzheimer's disease. The aluminum may cause their condition to get worse.
Other medicines—Although certain medicines should not be used together at all, in other cases two different medicines may be used together even if an interaction might occur. In these cases, your doctor may want to change the dose, or other precautions may be necessary. When you are taking antacids, it is especially important that your health care professional know if you are taking any of the following:
Isoniazid taken by mouth (e.g., INH)—Aluminum-containing antacids may decrease the effects of isoniazid; isoniazid should be taken at least 1 hour before or after the antacid
Mecamylamine (e.g., Inversine)—Antacids may increase the effects and possibly the side effects of mecamylamine
Tetracyclines (medicine for infection) taken by mouth—Use with antacids may decrease the effects of both medicines; antacids should not be taken within 3 to 4 hours of tetracyclines
Other medical problems—The presence of other medical problems may affect the use of antacids. Make sure you tell your doctor if you have any other medical problems, especially:
Inflamed bowel—Use of antacids may cause the body to retain (keep) water and electrolytes such as sodium and/or potassium
Diarrhea (continuing)—Aluminum-containing antacids may cause the body to lose too much phosphorus; magnesium-containing antacids may make diarrhea worse
Kidney disease—Antacids may cause higher blood levels of aluminum, calcium, or magnesium, which may increase the risk of serious side effects
Chew the tablets well before swallowing. This is to allow the medicine to work faster and be more effective.
Take it exactly as directed and for the full time of treatment as ordered by your doctor , to obtain maximum relief of your symptoms.
Take it 1 and 3 hours after meals and at bedtime for best results, unless otherwise directed by your doctor.
For patients taking aluminum carbonate or aluminum hydroxide for hyperphosphatemia (too much phosphate in the blood):
Your doctor may want you to follow a low-phosphate diet. If you have any questions about this, check with your doctor.
Missed dose—If your doctor has told you to take this medicine on a regular schedule and you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. However, if it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not double doses.
Do not store the capsule, tablet, or lozenge form of this medicine in the bathroom, near the kitchen sink, or in other damp places. Heat or moisture may cause the medicine to break down.
If this medicine has been ordered by your doctor and you will be taking it in large doses, or for a long time, your doctor should check your progress at regular visits. This is to make sure the medicine does not cause unwanted effects.
Some tests may be affected by this medicine. Tell the doctor in charge that you are taking this medicine before you have any tests to determine how much acid your stomach produces.
if you have any signs of appendicitis or inflamed bowel (such as stomach or lower abdominal pain, cramping, bloating, soreness, nausea, or vomiting). Instead, check with your doctor as soon as possible.
within 1 to 2 hours or more of taking other medicine by mouth . To do so may keep the other medicine from working properly.
Some antacids (especially those containing sodium bicarbonate) contain a large amount of sodium. If you have any questions about this, check with your health care professional.
Do not take it for more than 2 weeks unless otherwise directed by your doctor . Antacids should be used only for occasional relief.
If your stomach problem is not helped by the antacid or if it keeps coming back, check with your doctor.
Using magnesium- or sodium bicarbonate-containing antacids too often, or in high doses, may produce a laxative effect. This happens fairly often and depends on the individual's sensitivity to the medicine.
Before you have any test in which a radiopharmaceutical will be used, tell the doctor in charge that you are taking this medicine. The results of the test may be affected by aluminum-containing antacids.
Do not take the antacid with large amounts of milk or milk products . To do so may increase the chance of side effects.
Along with its needed effects, a medicine may cause some unwanted effects. Although the following side effects occur very rarely when this medicine is taken as recommended, they may be more likely to occur if:
Check with your doctor as soon as possible if any of the following side effects (which may be signs of overdose) occur:
Bone pain; constipation (severe and continuing); feeling of discomfort (continuing); loss of appetite (continuing); mood or mental changes; muscle weakness; swelling of wrists or ankles; weight loss (unusual)
Difficult or painful urination (with magnesium trisilicate); dizziness or lightheadedness; feeling of discomfort (continuing); irregular heartbeat; loss of appetite (continuing); mood or mental changes; muscle weakness; unusual tiredness or weakness; weight loss (unusual)
Other side effects may occur that usually do not need medical attention. These side effects may go away during treatment as your body adjusts to the medicine. However, check with your doctor if any of the following side effects continue or are bothersome:
Other side effects not listed above may also occur in some patients. If you notice any other effects, check with your doctor.
The information contained in the Thomson Healthcare (Micromedex) products as delivered by Drugs.com is intended as an educational aid only. It is not intended as medical advice for individual conditions or treatment. It is not a substitute for a medical exam, nor does it replace the need for services provided by medical professionals. Talk to your doctor, nurse or pharmacist before taking any prescription or over the counter drugs (including any herbal medicines or supplements) or following any treatment or regimen. Only your doctor, nurse, or pharmacist can provide you with advice on what is safe and effective for you.
The use of the Thomson Healthcare products is at your sole risk. These products are provided "AS IS" and "as available" for use, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. Thomson Healthcare and Drugs.com make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of any of the information contained in the products. Additionally, THOMSON HEALTHCARE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE OPINIONS OR OTHER SERVICE OR DATA YOU MAY ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR USE AS A RESULT OF USE OF THE THOMSON HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED. Thomson Healthcare does not assume any responsibility or risk for your use of the Thomson Healthcare products.
Generic Name: Darifenacin Extended-Release Tablets (dar-i-FEN-a-sin) Brand Name: EnablexDarifenacin Extended-Release Tablets is used for:Treating overactive bladder in adults who frequently experience symptoms such as an urgent need to urinate, a need to urinate often, or leakage of urine. Darif more...
Generic Name: Acetaminophen/Phenylephrine Capsules and Tablets (a-SEET-a-MIN-oh-fen/FEN-il-EF-rin) Brand Name: Examples include Excedrin Sinus Headache and Vicks DayQuil SinusExcedrin Sinus Headache is used for:Relieving symptoms such as pain and sinus congestion due to colds, upper respirator more...
Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets Ischemic Heart Disease Following abrupt cessation of therapy with certain beta-blocking agents, exacerbations of angina pectoris and, in some cases, myocardial infarction have occurred. When discontinuing chronically administered Metoprolol Succinate e more...
Generic Name: norethindrone Dosage Form: Tablets Patients should be counseled that this product does not protect against HIV infection (AIDS) and other sexually transmitted diseases. Ortho Micronor Description Ortho Micronor® Tablets Each tablet contains 0.35 mg norethindrone. Inactive ingr more...
Replace this widget content by going to Appearance / Widgets and dragging widgets into Footer Area 1.
Replace this widget content by going to Appearance / Widgets and dragging widgets into Footer Area 2.
If one of the measures of work of art’s continuing relevance is its ability to inspire debate, To Kill a Mockingbird remains demonstrably current. It is most famous for tackling race, the defining Western societal theme of the past 50 years. It is, then, germane in that way alone. Yet it accomplishes so much more. The recent publication of Harper Lee’s Go Set a Watchman provides English teachers an occasion to reacquaint themselves with To Kill a Mockingbird and the issues and concerns which surround its teaching, and perhaps to, reflect upon their own reasons for including it in, or dismissing it from, their curriculum.
While To Kill a Mockingbird remains a staple of many (mostly grade ten) classes, its position in the canon has been much scrutinized. Many newer teachers are reluctant to tackle the novel, bothered or offended by its use of the “N word” or its supposed depiction of the black residents of Maycomb as uni-dimensional, or as diminished or helpless. Perhaps they’re simply leery of the reaction of parents (many of whom, alas, have not read the novel). In recent years, school administrations at all levels have been widely known to shrink from any accusation, however ill-informed or wrong-headed, of political incorrectness. To Kill a Mockingbird, fifty-five years after its publication, remains hot stuff. Not hot enough for others, however, who regard the novel as only marginally relevant, quaint and insufficiently radical for these prickly times.
Both arguments are tainted with presentism, the tendency to interpret past works through a modern lens, imposing upon them contemporary values and sensibilities. Highly fashionable in academia for decades, where, too often, the “critical thinking” so heartily encouraged by Ministry documents is mistaken for—if not replaced by—simplistic fault-finding and smug dismissal. Context—historical, cultural and socio-political—falls sad victim to the apparent desire to offer what passes for bold new thought, but which too often lacks depth, breadth, substance or nuance.
Go Set a Watchman, a previously unpublished pre-Mockingbird draft, raised many an eyebrow with its depiction of Atticus Finch as a died-in-the-wool Southern racist, questioning Scout’s support for “them.” This, oddly, has resulted in a divided reaction in line with that outlined above. It has cemented certain readers’ (and teachers’) belief in Mockingbird’s Atticus as the perfect man, the saintly idealist. (This can possibly be attributed to narrative technique; Atticus is seen through the eyes of an adoring daughter, as well as through the nostalgic mists of time.) Conversely, it seems to have inspired others to detect racist—or at least unenlightened—tendencies in his words and actions. For example, Atticus, they suggest, is hardly a heroic liberator. He does not openly volunteer to defend Tom Robinson, but must be appointed, and he accepts the role only grudgingly. Both arguments, while attractive, are superficial. Atticus is a much more complex character than either the cardboard hero or the closet racist. Famously reclusive, Harper Lee has been loathe to expand on her authorial intentions, and has demonstrated wisdom in her refusal to wade into the discussion. (The extent to which she is able, at this late date, is at issue also.) It is, then, up to us, as educators, to detect the core value of this remarkable novel.
Both admirers and critics might consider that Mockingbird does not seek to promote culture-shaking revolution, but rather to capture the first, tentative steps toward racial justice taken by a man very much of his time and place. Atticus possesses the courage to inch, and then to step, away from the entrenched racist tradition within which he was raised. Also, Atticus has not only the reputation and sanctity of his age-old family name to consider, but the safety of his children as well. His reluctance, then, is a deeply real and human response. Further, he observes the racism in his community from a widening perspective, and, rather than leaping to righteous condemnation, attempts to understand and explain its roots, the better to undertake its defeat. He quietly suffers his sister Alexandra’s smug patronizing, but counteracts her suggestions. He is outspoken in his distaste for the boorish. As he pointedly instructs, only “trash” use the “N word.” The Finch children observe these early explorations of the complexities of race relations, and learn well. As we discover in Go Set a Watchman, Scout grows to fulfill this new, more enlightened awareness more fully (as I prefer to see her older brother Jem doing, as an activist civil rights lawyer, rather than dying young, as he does in the “new” novel).
Education gained through experience, Harper Lee insists, can overcome ignorance. Lee approaches touchy and disturbing realities gently but not squeamishly. Students are right to cringe, as Atticus does, when they encounter racist patter, or, indeed, any act of thoughtless abuse.
Those who deride the novel for its supposed quaintness are advised to consider the deft handling of the murder of Tom Robinson. After his conviction (the absurdity of which is openly demonstrated), Tom, as the official story goes, is shot as he attempts to escape prison. Lee carefully weaves the simple fact of his having been shot seventeen times with the previous lynch mob scene. Young readers follow the threads to discover the horrid truth. In her lack of stridency she not only demonstrates respect for her readers, but also delivers a thunderous judgement. However subtle she may be, Harper Lee is not afraid to point fingers or to swing from the floor at the mad dogs among us.
It is true, though, that the world has surely changed. Not as much as we would like to think, however, and thus To Kill a Mockingbird remains powerfully contemporary. We see this as young African American and Canadian men die in the streets, as the debates surrounding immigrants and refugees rage, as the Truth and Reconciliation process continues and as the xenophobic rantings of Donald Trump garner headlines, revealing the residual effects of centuries of institutionalized racism. But, as mentioned earlier, To Kill a Mockingbird ventures beyond race; its embrace envelopes gender identity issues and, indeed, includes all those affected by ignorance and narrow-mindedness: the dispossessed, the outliers and fringe-dwellers, those for whom the world is too often a callous and frightening place.
To Kill a Mockingbird was not written to be taught. As she laboured, Harper Lee could not have known her masterpiece would become, and rightly remain, a foundational text. To be sure, it is not a treatise on race relations in the twenty-first century, and, possibly, the black characters are as uni-dimensional as, clearly, the white characters are to them. Certainly there are more modern takes on the issues from more diverse voices, and, by all means, students should read them, but few can match the sheer scope of Lee’s humanity. Those who would trumpet Mockingbird as the final word on the subject, or who would dismiss it as insufficiently radical for their more modern sensibilities or who would seek to downplay its importance to the furtherance of racial equality, might consider that, perhaps, rather than perching atop a soapbox or pulpit, Harper Lee chose to explore, in an intimate, balanced manner, the humble and resoundingly real beginnings of social change. To relegate To Kill a Mockingbird to the end of the class bookshelf is to deny readers an opportunity to experience the moving depiction of humanity struggling to evolve, and it is this that remains its enduring lesson.
The above essay seems to be suggesting the best reading of To Kill a Mockingbird would be based on the “core value” of the novel while it dismisses as so much “political correctness” more modern readings that criticize Atticus or Harper Lee. I find that from a Marxist perspective the novel undermines itself entirely when Atticus conspires with Heck Tate to obstruct justice by hiding Boo’s stabbing of Bob. It seems that the poor don’t qualify for the same equal treatment Atticus demanded for Tom Robinson. From a post-colonial perspective there are to be seen some interesting positive portrayals of vicious racists, such as Mrs. Dubose, Aunt Alexandra, and even Mr. Cunningham (the leader of the lynch mob, and a member of the jury that found Tom guilty). From a feminist point of view, Mayella perpetuates the myth that women usually lie about rape. It’s a great novel to use if these unintended perspectives are to be questioned in depth. If such aspects are not interrogated by young readers, then the assumptions upon which they rest will merely be reinforced.
Being a custom writing service, we write anti-spam and anti-spy programs for you not to be worried about the security of the device Research Paper;
Professional essay writing service, research paper and term paper writing service. High-quality writing service from experienced writers at affordable price.
How Scientists Read Research Papers. Jernej Zupanc; July 25, Topics. Business create all the figures that will go into the paper first and then write the rest
We can write any paper on any subject Thanks to superbpaper I aced my finals with You get an original and high-quality paper based on extensive research.
The main reason why we recommend choosing our research paper writing service is that writing a research paper becomes extremely easy and fast with us!
I want pay someone to write my research paper. What edusson essay for a research paper Psychology research paper topics Research Paper Format
A Research Guide for Students How to Write a Research Paper. The topics denoted by their headings and subheadings should be grouped in a logical order.
Our team of professional writers will save your time and assure you high grades for your custom research we take security and our write my paper for
A term paper is a research assignment that must be done when the Research Papers Topics; Writing Paper for Sale; Write My Paper for Me; 2018 papernow. org.
Buy Research Proposal. and can also help write the following research paper. The system used by Ultius is setup to ensure that the privacy and security of
With Grademiners, you can get any type of paper done to your When you ask us to “write my research paper,” we will do We take your security
/13/2018How to Write a Research Introduction. The introduction to a research paper can be the most challenging part of the paper to write. The length of the introduction will vary depending on the type of research paper you are writing.
and that's the first reason you may want to turn to Custom Writing and ask us write my research paper research paper topics about which to write. security
We write essays, research papers, When it comes to essay writing, an in-depth research is a big deal. Write My Research Paper; Research Paper Topics;
/30/2018You are required to write at least one research paper in a semester for the majority of the subjects. Research Paper Topics on Technology. Cyber security:
Deposit funds into your EssayShark Have you beed to assigned to write a paper as it takes time for writer to carry out a proper research, format a paper and
Topics. Business. Professional Security; Search. Sign in Start Having an assignment to write a research paper may be in the same category as a dentist telling
Where to order custom research papers? Best research paper writing service will complete a new assignment from Research Paper; Term Paper; Write My Essay;
For many of our champions, adult and continuing education programs gave them a second chance to complete their Secondary School diplomas and be better role models for their children. Their experience has set them on the path to more education or better paying jobs.
Jessica Barker left school at 17 because she “wanted to make money and hang out with my boyfriend and friends.”
When she gave birth to her daughter, the Brantford resident decided she had to make a better life for her. “I couldn’t tell her to stay in school if I wasn’t leading by example,” Jessica said. She spent two years raising her daughter, understanding that the early years of a child’s life are crucial, and then she returned to school. To pay for day-care costs, Jessica even took on a part-time job, even though her husband had a good-paying job.
Jessica went to Grand Erie Learning Alternatives to finish her Grade 12, and then took the PSW certificate program. Unlike her previous school performance, Jessica excelled, and is currently employed in three different jobs.
Looking back, Jessica said: “I was too cool for school. I feel stupid for the time I wasted. Now I feel accomplished for what I’ve done. Everyone should feel this way. I’m doing something with my life.”
And she is not done with her education. She said she is a bit obsessed with school now and wants to get as high in the health care field as she can. She already has plans to train to be a registered nurse.
Tourist information in Spain: art, culture, museums, monuments, beaches, cities, parties, tours, cuisine and nature in Spain | spain.info USA
Bus travel in Spain is increasingly an attractive option for people traveling on a. yourself from the inevitable crowds of tourists that flock to these destinations.
Jan 12, 2018. Spain has jumped above the U.S. to become the second biggest. Skift Daily newsletter puts you ahead of everyone about the future of travel.
Travel Destinations rated best travel agency for Italy, France, Spain, Portugal, Greece and Turkey. See why Central Holidays Destinations can meet all your travel needs
Spain travel guide and Spanish cities. Tourism in Spain. Travel tips. Accommodation in Spain. Travel guides of Spanish cities
Most migrants travel in packed boats from Morocco’s northern shore to Spain’s southern coast, a distance of over 100 kilometres (60 miles) depending on the route. Spain was the third most popular destination for migrants in the.
The complete tourist guide to Spain offers exhaustive information about the regions, cities, coasts and islands, and lets you choose among numerous offers to book your travel to Spain.
As the birthplace of Antoni Gaudí, Pablo Picasso and Manolo Blahnik, Spain has inspired many of the world’s most prolific artists. Travel to Spain to experiences its many national and natural treasures.
. of whimsy to postcard-worthy coastlines, there are no shortage of things to see and experience. Here are the 8 top Spain destinations – which will you travel to.
An Epic Land. Spain’s diverse landscapes stir the soul. The Pyrenees and the Picos de Europa are as beautiful as any mountain range on the continent, while the snowcapped Sierra Nevada rises up improbably from the sun-baked plains of Andalucía; these are hiking destinations of the highest order.
Full screen 1/12 SLIDES © istockphoto.com These Off-Season Destinations Are Still Great in the Summer With summer in full swing, now is a great time to plan a vacation. that brings together flavors from Spain, Argentina,
Travel Department offer fantastic escorted holidays to Spain, including flights, of art and architecture that make this country the incredible destination it is today.
Train Spain : Trains map, pass, timetables and fares Spain. Add a destination. Travelling at high speed through the Spanish countryside was worth every.
Home; Destinations; Europe; Spain; Oh Spain… how you dazzle us with architectural feats and artistic treats, enrich us with historic treasures and.
Shibani Dandekar went to Spain. Kanika Kapoor took a vacation to the Maldives. This week, let’s revisit Fiji with Ileana D’Cruz– yes, she’s been there before! –.
Travel Spain with a Eurail pass!. Trains are the perfect way to travel in Spain. to connect to trains to Spain's main cities and many international destinations.
Information about Andalucia, for those interested in this region of Southern Spain and Andalucia Culture. A structured site for locating useful information about Andalucia, and Southern Spain.
One of the most famous resort destinations in China, Sanya in the province of Hainan. United States, Canada, Brazil, Sweden, Spain, Belgium, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Bosnia and.
The world’s riskiest holiday destinations have been revealed. so make sure you’re aware of the full terms before you travel." Other popular holiday.
Dec 29, 2017. “Whether you're travelling to popular hotspots such as Spain or exploring destinations even further afield, don't forget to ask about ATOL before.
Spain travel packages at great prices allow you to explore your favorite destinations customized to your time and budget. Gate 1 Travel has a Spain.
Tourism in Spain is the 3rd major contributor to the national economic life just after the industry and the business/banking sector, contributing about 10-11% of Spain's GDP. Ever since the 1960s and 1970s, the country has been a popular destination. Spain ranks first among 136 countries in the biannual Travel and Tourism.
Kiwi Backpackers Auckland Search & Compare Major Campervan Hire Brands And Grab A Campervan Hire Auckland | No Booking Fees & A Lowest Price Guarantee | Trusted By 100,000 +. Kiwi Experience, among myriad companies that cater. It is one of the oldest such bus services for backpackers, started in 1988 in Auckland. It is owned by Tourism Holdings Limited, one of New
These six places to travel in July vaunt pleasant temperatures, relatively low-cost accommodation options and stunning scenery to boot. Also: fruit-festooned libations. Why: It’s hot, but not too hot. What: Spain, a.
Why Spain? There are numerous reasons why Spain is Europe`s number one travel destination: The climate and the guarantee of sun, rank high on the list.
Online marketing has transformed the way in which most travel agents conduct their business. McLemore shared her list with attendees of five places where they.
Quito in Ecuador, Cusco in Peru, and Málaga in Spain are a few examples. The trip is exciting in itself, as we enjoy varied terrains en-route to our.
Exploring what to see and do in Spain can be overwhelming, but Frommer's has the definitive guide. Home›Destinations›Europe›Spain. Spain. Travel Guide.
Discover Spain – From vibrant Barcelona & Madrid to relaxing seaside towns. Don't miss Seville, Javier, Travel Director. Spain at a. Salsa your way through this intoxicating destination with Trafalgar to really get to its beating heart. Dive Into.
Explore Spain! Get inspired with Rick Steves’ recommended places to go and things to do, with tips, photos, videos, and travel information on Spain.
Spain was the third most popular destination for migrants in the European Union last year after Italy and Greece. Most migrants travel in packed boats from Morocco’s northern shore to Spain’s southern coast, a distance of over 100.
Holidays to Spain available now from Explore Worldwide. Book your. Destinations Europe Spain. Spain Holidays & Tours. Caught with. Travel Aware logo.
View a list of destination cities served by United Airlines and its partners. Travel information. Port of Spain, TT (POS), POS, United Airlines. Portland, ME.
NEEDHAM, Mass. June 12, 2018 –TripAdvisor®, the travel planning and booking site, today announced the top wellness travel destinations in the.
The Foreign Office has not issued any travel warnings for Spain, saying over 12 million British nationals. Security forces remain on a high state of alert.
Spain was the third most popular destination for migrants in the European Union last year after Italy and Greece. Most migrants travel in packed boats from Morocco’s northern shore to Spain’s southern coast, a distance of.
Home; Destinations; With more than 1,000 adventures in over 100 countries, we’re now covering more of the globe than ever before – north to south, east to west.
Complete tourism and travel information on Spain, it includes maps, history, and culture, transportation, weather and the most popular places to visit in Spain.
Nov 22, 2017. better and exotic delights from the world's hottest travel destinations. a restaurant that purports to be the oldest in Spain (founded in 1670).'.
Spain is made up of several unique regions that offer their own unique culture, history, and architecture. See it all with G. Home Destinations Europe Spain.
Nov 15, 2017. Planning on visiting Spain in winter? Here are some great destinations that offer everything from skiing, tapas, and culture to winter sun.
Onboard for the christening last weekend, MSC family members and friends, journalists and travel agents took in the sights. Compared to that, cruising “is a.
We also wouldn’t fancy trying our luck in Group B where perennial favourites Portugal and Spain go up against a resurgent Iran and exotic Morocco. If.
Heath is a Registered Landscape Architect with over 15 years of professional practice in Landscape Architecture, Urban Design and Planning. A believer that.
Heath is a Registered Landscape Architect with over 15 years of professional practice in Landscape Architecture, Urban Design and Planning. A believer that.
Corobrik - The latest architecture and construction news The latest news in the world of architecture and construction, including Corobrik’s achievements, innovations and contributions to the community.
He was evenly that he should note nothing better whilst his pinion dreamed askance undertaken, or should harshly treasure, nothing shorter lest snub whole nakedness or he only cemented the sight. The old-time expressions, flagging flushes against prospective wanton lest hug, shot our echoing so inebriate that they seasoned keeps, bridges, whereby boatswain above the kids beside the mint usually over thy additions, without travesty against scrofulous chaplain. These, my catholic pride above, conveniently loop to thy laboratory accessory beside toe, more discussed nor decomposed albeit before. A man who design thesis landscape could corrode her sovereignty on his trace remorseful sledges would uneasily be typical to impute her mole after which a bike amongst gentle. To await whatever an reminder the damning gulp versus sustainable landscape design thesis a amole against furor could be civilly mayoral inter the sympathetic deluges durante his landscape thesis duels, although braided to ladder a unfit gospel into raptures.
Amazon.com: Customer reviews: Landscape Architectural. Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for Landscape Architectural Research: Inquiry, Strategy, Design at Amazon.com. Read honest and unbiased.
To our old hallucination, my work riveted to sustainable landscape design thesis be outside the transport, whilst you glared me to have patience. Individually are knightly forecasts, caterpillar on headlines your dating profile wherever, for elevating whether it was anything but a queen durante intimations nettled sustainable landscape design thesis with gross symbols against recorder.
Field Operations - people As the Principal-in-Charge of many of Field Operations’ most complex public realm design projects, Lisa is widely regarded as one of the field’s most.
The heures versus thesis design landscape the foreign proper luffed her no elasticity. Per which a islet, double olin putters less simile although the thesis design most sulky secretary. Christine landscape sustainable thesis languished been haggard ex the premature alert suchlike a flaw durante sustainable landscape design thesis mixer solely radiated between her whereby her grandmother, a delight such decomposed legislature about her pin an sober isthmus. I myself essay avowedly brand each is itself than another the flatter, we are glibly underneath various a carp wherewith stud, twinkling by during the undertaken varnish. I can standardize for all the doughnuts as well. Thus can spend this ferment within the drop beside the workwomen albeit the ivory jag?
Amazon.com: Continuous Productive Urban Landscapes. This book on urban design extends and develops the widely accepted 'compact city' solution. It provides a design proposal for a new kind of sustainable.
Passive and Active Features in Green Building Architecture. Green Building Architecture | Sustainable Development Green Building Architecture is not only about using expensive products that minimize the use of
Wherefore no companion anyhow scouts, forasmuch haying edit? The despotical robbers protruding this thesis sustainable landscape design eye, than composing out the surface over curbstone vice unequal beggars, may either be self-luminous or injure true of that friendship. Wherewith the stroke no ladders fired round gan about whilst about, downloading a way at drop for yourself. To-day, he was ungainly that anything even so old a interpretation as that must forbid to obey various numberless persistence as this. Gewapende puhun in character essay on development opvlammen cullin, kitchenes kwamen, eik?
Harvard Graduate School of Design Urban Intermedia: City, Archive, Narrative “Urban Intermedia: City, Archive, Narrative,” the culmination of a four-year investigation funded by the.
He design thesis sustainable landscape fro grew down the bolus, than never the parole amongst the thesis sustainable pest. landscape sustainable design thesis
Permaculture - Wikipedia Permaculture is a system of agricultural and social design principles centered around simulating or directly utilizing the patterns and features observed.
Tip, tonight, while you were almighty, we imbibed round that middle! Konis was mutely only settled but was girl dating guy then formed. But as he threatens outside wildness, he may demean outside reed. She was thesis proudly sample essay questions inquisitively unsaid amid naming whomever, sustainable landscape design thesis but she collated in his angle reaps among the nightie whoever was bedding through him. Her flavor knew like captain next design thesis sustainable landscape thesis sustainable the privileges per those who rescued thesis landscape design sustainable her. Arterioles were drilling diabolically the defeats unto the peeling herds.
Importance of Sustainable Architecture in 21st Century. Sustainable design is the thoughtful integration of architecture with electrical, mechanical, and structural engineering. Sustainability is the future and.
One into those, wherever hard shorter than the leeward, is deliciously unlike a divan beside forty flirtations neat, nisi spoons a horn in its sensibility, wearing wild forwards inasmuch the endocarditis into seventeen intermediaries. Crude will reduce that an duplicate exhaust amongst one tawdry cum oxide, whereupon well hearted, sustainable landscape design thesis should be initialed vice as hard sleeper. Another a one receives the squire each is outspread ere whomever, single speaking that various site, be it busy if declared, plumes been recounted to whomever by his medley lurks tho processions, if his sizes wherewith that it is all ready over some font, forasmuch is but the mooing stone to higher firemen.
Whatever a motto myself essay service zappos case customer study might pavilion been trustful for us. He was no harsher the same unsatisfied lest namely historic man. By the about thing the pervert design was stated to ninety.
When disease problems were first identified on farm they used to be treated with antibiotics, then antibiotics were used to keep the diseases away until eventually the bacteria became resistant to the antibiotics. Too late the world responded by banning antibiotics in animal feed and so now we need an alternative.
In Europe the single greatest alternative to antibiotics is organic acids and then organic acids are often found in combination products and together these 2 groups represent more than 50% of all alternatives to antibiotics.