Lay out cucumber strips, add vegetables (usually 3 sticks of each veggie is good), roll the cucumber and pop a toothpick through the zucchini to hold it all together.
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day and starting it off with a nice cantaloupe fruit medley makes for a great start to the morning!
This morning, I kicked my day off with a nice hot cup of coffee and the cantaloupe fruit medley I made last night. I usually make two fruit medleys at the same time when I cut my cantaloupe in half. I store them in the fridge in bowls with plastic wrap covering them up. I’m not entirely sure how long they would last if left alone, as ours usually make it 24 hours at best before someone gobbles them up.
Honestly, I often just eat it after I cut it out. Once the seeds are gone, cutting a little strip around the cantaloupe to make more room for the other fruits doesn’t really leave much leftover cantaloupe. If I’m making two full cantaloupes at a time (four fruit medleys), I put the extra cantaloupe in a container and serve it with lunch or dinner.
Cut or scrape out more of the actual cantaloupe around the already hollow center. This is done to be able to fit more fruit into the cantaloupe. (OPTIONAL: eat the cantaloupe you've cut out, or save it for later.)
Cut the strawberries into thin slices and lay around the edges of the hole in the center of the cantaloupes.
To make this more of a meal, and not just fruit, have a small fruit medley with some eggs and bacon, or other protein. Two eggs and a small fruit medley is a fantastic Whole30 and Paleo compliant meal! I love fruit with my eggs in the morning, and having a nice looking cantaloupe fruit medley just adds an extra smile to the morning!
Spoon filling into each half of egg. This can also be done using an icing bag or a small plastic baggie with a small piece of the bottom corner cut off.
When making deviled eggs, you need to start with hard-boiled eggs. Check out our recipe for making Perfect Hard-Boiled-Eggs to make sure the deviled eggs come out well!
The first several times I made deviled eggs, I used a spoon to put the filling into the eggs. What a mess that is! It never looked right, I always ended up getting filling all over the edges of the eggs, and it took more time than it should have. Now I use a small plastic baggie. I fill it up with the deviled egg filling, cut a small piece of one of the bottom corners off the bag, and use it like I would a bag of icing. This method of filling deviled eggs is much faster and cleaner than simply using a spoon!
YES! I figured out how to BAKE spring rolls, so no more frying them up, woohoo! These ground turkey spring rolls are super delicious!!
While meat is being browned, shred the cabbage and carrots, set aside in a bowl. *don't forget to check the meat on the stove*
Mince the ginger and mix it with ground cinnamon, nutmeg, chili powder and white vinegar. Add spice mixture to meat.
Once the meat has fully browned and the aroma of the spices is in the air, lower the heat to medium and add the cabbage and carrots. Cook about another 10 minutes, stirring often.
Get out rice paper. Wet rice paper thoroughly and gently dry each side with a paper towel or clean cloth (simply lay the rice paper on the cloth and pat it, flip and do the same).
Move rice paper to a smooth surface (cutting boards work great) and add about two heaping tablespoons full of turkey and veggie filling.
Absolutely love it! I was so excited after tasting this delightful mixture of ingredients! Pickled ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, chili powder and white pepper make an excellently flavorful dish!
Right? So exciting! In general, I am not the biggest fan of having to fry things, as I prefer to use as little butter (ghee, clarified butter, etc.) as possible. Not to mention frying things can take quite a bit of time (no, I do not own a deep fryer, haha). Being able to just pop something in the oven and walk away for 20 minutes is much nicer than having to stand over a skillet for the same amount of time, or more, depending on how large the skillet is! I was also very happy that these ground turkey spring rolls were just as good as any fried spring rolls! Tasty and healthy!
No… and yes. Rice paper can be a bit of a pain sometimes. I’ve found it’s easiest when I wet it right before use… I set out a pie pan with about an inch of water in it for easy dipping, soak each piece right before use, set it on a paper towel and push on one side, flip and push on the other, then lay it on a cutting board, add ingredients, and roll it up. The rice paper I’ve been using seems to get a bit too sticky if I don’t dry it a little on a paper towel before attempting to roll anything up in it. Of course, if it’s not fully wet prior to rolling, it will crack. It’s a bit of a learning process, but I only messed up a few rolls my first time using rice paper, and now I’m able to make all my rolls pretty much the same thickness and length without much trouble. It just takes practice!
If you haven't made the pork yet, you can either cube it and cook it, or make pulled pork in a crock pot. The times here are assuming the pulled pork is already made.
Add pulled pork and continue cooking for about another 5 minutes, stirring and tossing often. You want to mix all ingredients and infuse them with the flavor of the soy sauce.
Wet each piece of rice paper prior to laying on a flat surface (cutting boards work great). Wetting the paper ensures it won't break when you try to roll everything up.
Lay out wet rice paper, Add meat and vegetable mixture. Roll it all up like a small burrito, tucking the edges in. Set aside.
Now for the cooking of the spring rolls. I know a lot of restaurants deep fry their spring rolls, but we don't.
Heat skillet over medium-high heat with 1 tablespoon of the clarified butter (or other ingredient you chose).
Add as many spring rolls as will fit, without them touching each other. Cook for about 5 minutes on each side, until crispy and slightly golden brown (you may still be able to see through the rice paper, but it should be crispy).
Repeat this step, only adding more butter or oil as needed, until you've cooked all the spring rolls you made, the time may vary depending on how many you made.
First, I was just amazed that I was actually able to make these. I was a little nervous at first because I had never worked with rice paper before. But after the first one (nightmare) it was easy! My first attempt to roll up the rice paper with the pork and cabbage filling failed. The rice paper broke, it refused to roll, and it turned into a mess. So what did I do? I got the rice paper wet before attempting to put my filling in and roll it. Absolute perfection!
I didn’t wet the rice paper much, just enough to make it pliable, and stop it from cracking and breaking every time I tried to roll it up. Once wet, I was able to roll it just like I would a soft tortilla for burritos. Awesomeness!
Absolutely! This recipe is for pork and cabbage spring rolls, but it can be modified to fit whatever meat you’d prefer to eat. Just keep in mind that the meat should not be in large chunks, as big cubes may puncture the thin rice paper, making it difficult to keep the roll held together in transport and cooking.
This recipe is awesome! It’s super quick and easy to make, and I know my family LOVES mayo, so this is total perfection!
Place egg, 1/2 cup extra light olive oil, mustard powder and salt in blender or bowl to hand blend in. Blend well.
The ingredients do not have to all be room temperature (something you may have heard before) if you mix it all properly.
Mayo will keep in the fridge for about a week after the "use by" date on the eggs, so keep this in mind when making a large batch.
Great question! The answer here is NO. I have read over and over again that it’s not possible to get your mayo to properly emulsify unless all ingredients are room temperature. Well, I make mayo at least once a week (I make large batches), and I can honestly tell you, my ingredients are almost always straight out of the fridge. The trick is really to make sure you’re mixing in the extra light olive oil SLOWLY… it is a step you absolutely cannot rush! Aside from that, it’s never mattered what temperature my ingredients are, if they’re all the same temperature, if one is super cold… it just doesn’t matter.
Well, like most of you, I'm up to my eyeballs in new images taken over the Christmas holidays. Between school Christmas events, family Christmas events, birthdays and now - New Years - it's the busiest time of year for my camera.
Speaking of which ... Nikon is supposed to be having a MASSIVE announcement the first week of January. I've been waiting, literally, for years to upgrade my camera. I cannot WAIT for this announcement and hope it's the D800 I've been finger-crossing for.
I'm a camera user, for sure. I LOVE photography, and not only as a business - but in capturing our family's lives. I'm pretty good about staying on top of it ... I love to sit and vege by the t.v. when the kiddies are tucked in at the end of the day ... I love seeing images that were taken ...
God. Family. Friends. That's what's most important. But my passion for photography, good food and a laugh that puts necessary lines on my face ... totally icing on the cake. Mmmm. Icing. *grin*
Shopping for home insurance in Avila Beach, CA doesn’t have to be difficult. Simply enter your Zip Code at the top of this page and you will be presented with the list of the top recommended insurance companies in your area. Compare quotes from these carriers and you will be on your way to saving on your homeowners coverage premium.
When it comes to homeowner’s insurance in Avila Beach, CA, there are quite a few different factors that can affect how much you have to pay. Understanding what these factors are can give you a better idea of how California insurance companies come up with the quotes that they give you.
One factor that affects homeowner’s insurance quotes is the area where you live. For instance, some parts of the country are particularly prone to severe storms and other potentially dangerous situations. In these areas, you may have to pay more for homeowner’s insurance than you would in an area of the country that was less risky.
The same holds true for areas that have particularly high crime rates. If you live in an area where there are a lot of robberies or break-ins, you may have to pay more for your insurance than someone who lives in an area that has a lower crime rate.
The overall value of your home also comes into play when figuring out how much you will have to pay for homeowner’s insurance. Generally, the more valuable your home, the more money you will have to pay to insure it. This is because expensive homes cost more to repair or replace than lower cost homes.
Most Avila Beach homeowner’s insurance policies also cover the value of the belongings inside the home. If you need additional coverage for expensive items that you have on the premises, you may have to pay more for your insurance. If you aren’t sure whether or not you need additional coverage for items inside your home, be sure to check the amount of coverage that is available for personal belongings with your existing homeowner’s insurance policy.
The deductible that you choose for your policy will also affect your rate. A policy with a higher deductible will generally cost less than one with a low deductible. Although the thought of a lower monthly payment may be appealing, make sure that you have the money on hand to meet your deductible in case anything goes wrong. Otherwise, you could be left in a bind with no way to repair your home.
Interestingly, the distance of your home from the nearest fire hydrant can also come into play when determining how much you have to pay for insurance. Insurers tend to prefer homes that have a fire hydrant nearby. This helps ensure that first responders can act quickly in the event of a fire, helping to minimize damage as much as possible.
All of these factors come into play when getting Avila Beach, CA homeowner’s insurance quotes. If you want to keep your costs as low as possible, consider choosing a policy with less coverage or with a higher deductible. Just make sure that you fully understand how these decisions will affect you if you ever need to file a claim. You may find it more beneficial to go for a policy that offers more coverage or a lower deductible so that you don’t have to come up with a lot of money on your own if something does eventually happen to your home.
To get the best savings on your Avila Beach, California coverage for your home, make sure to use our comparison tool. Enter your Zip Code below and get the list of the best California insurers.
There are a good deal of companies out there competing for your organization as a property owner, but it is up to you to locate out which company is supplying the ideal feasible insurance coverage for you and your family. Whilst your property demands safety, you can not pick a random policy. The subsequent guidance will give you the assistance you need.
Make positive you have homeowner's insurance that includes a certain substitute value plan. Performing so means that the insurance policy firm will have to protect the entire expense of rebuilding your residence in case of catastrophe. Considering that these expenses are inclined to rise as time goes by, this policy will ensure that you can find the money for to replace your residence.
No home loan? Reduced insurance policy prices! While this is not an effortless process, most homeowner's insurance businesses will decrease their prices once the property is completely yours. Insurance organizations prefer customers who in fact possess their residence and will reward these kinds of people.
Set up a stability system to help reduce your homeowner's insurance premium by 5%. Your security method need to be watched more than by a central station or tied straight to your neighborhood police station, in purchase to get this low cost. Your insurance coverage agent will want to see evidence that your safety program is becoming monitored.
To decrease your house owners insurance coverage, you need to have a stability technique put in. A security method ought to be connected to central station or a police station. To have your insurance coverage priced reduced, you will, most very likely, have to offer proof that your program is up and running. This could reduced your yearly quality by 5 percent.
An insurance policy declare will continue much more quickly if you are able to confirm without doubt your possession of the claimed objects. You can easily do this by getting photos. You might feel foolish getting photos of your valuables, but if you have to file a declare you will be able to get your cash easier.
A larger deductible on your homeowner's insurance can conserve you money on rates. Whilst a larger deductible may mean that you will be liable for tiny restore costs such as broken home windows, far more typically than not these fees are well balanced out by the personal savings you will receive on your yearly rates.
Homeowner's insurance coverage is a required investment, even though it is pricey. Keep in thoughts that there are several methods that can function to lessen your insurance coverage bill. Really boosting your deductible can help reduce your top quality. If you place in hearth or burglar alarms, that can also support to reduce what you need to pay. Communicate with the insurance policy business to discover out which advancements you can make to save cash.
Maintain your home owners insurance coverage plan up to date. If it is been a number of several years considering that you purchased your policy, you may be under insured. If you've made improvements to your residence, your coverage might not mirror the increased value. Creating charges have gone up too, so review your plan annually, and if necessary, make adjustments to be adequately protected.
You could be tempted to pick the most economical plan. This is most likely a miscalculation. As you find to update a plan or acquire one particular for the 1st time, these tips need to be extremely valuable. Do not skimp on the protection for your residence.
Only Properties in Current Issue Only show listings with a Virtual Tour Only show listings with an Open House
Rustic home decor is quite popular because it brings the beauty of nature into your home. There are many ways that you can use to bring the rustic feeling in your home. Rustic home furnishing is the most effective way to create a rustic feeling because furniture is the mostly used item and this is the main focal point in your home. So, you can use the furniture to bring […]
It is getting near with November, which means it is also getting near with Halloween! What kind of preparation have you made lately? Not yet? The holiday décor craft should be your consideration too. Your house can quickly become the most favorite to attend by some kids for trick or treats. Well you have understood what to do, but you lack in information about what kind of colors that you […]
For those who have a plan to make a mini bar at home or just want to do some little renovation for in appearance, might be looking for what material or accessories that you can apply to make it look more beautiful, charming and attractive. Here will be described further. Firstly, Ice buckets are an essential accessory while doing up your bar as they can turn any occasion into a […]
September 7, 2013 ≈ Decorations ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :home bar designs, home bar design, cheap home bars, home bars for sale, building a bar at home
This time I will give some information about wine bar with refrigerator, this may quite specific, not every person have interest with wine, so for those of you who have interest with wines, this can be good review for you, for wine lovers, wines is like a treasure, and you need special place to keep the wine, some people may see wine is just another regular beverages, but for people […]
November 9, 2013 ≈ Product & Tools ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :wine and beverage cooler under counter, mini wine cooler, beveragefactory.com reviews, wine bar with refrigerator, under cabinet wine cooler
Have you ever found some cool bedrooms with water ideas inside of the bedrooms? That is just possible, for today’s conditions. You should believe that everything this day is easily gained or reached. So the possibility of bringing water inside of a bedroom would likely become something positively happen even for you. Cool bedrooms with water idea is actually just perfect for you who is keen into water sports, like […]
Hello everyone, very nice to see you again, today I feel so excited, and I just want to start my living room set up, and I guess I need little help here, I don’t know where to start, but lucky me I have my sister here with me, and she is a room designer, so I can just ask her for suggestion and let see what she can do with […]
December 31, 2013 ≈ Living Room ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :modern living room furniture sets, formal living room sets, living room set, reclining living room sets, living room set for sale
The patterns of the tiles that you install inside your showers will define how your showers will look like. Not only has that, the patterns also showed your taste and all. So when we are talking about patterns choice for your showers, then I really cannot define what kind of patterns that you should go with since it will be everyone personal preferences for sure. There are indeed many pattern […]
Tonight I played one (1) rock concert and celebrated afterwards with a bowl of puréed vegetable soup.
Labelled as baseboard register covers area of interest plus air vent covers home depot object with return air filter grille topic plus return air vent object and floor vent covers lowes area of interest, vent covers unlimited area of interest, Home Air Ventilation, So don't forget to check out the main article in stunning air supply registers
Rice omelette – Frittata di Riso: Ingredients: rice 700g, 6 eggs bacon or ham peas cheese (if you have some at home) parmisan cheese basil or pesto cream salt pepper oil to fry or you can cook it in the oven without to fry. (So, you have two possibilities to cook it). First of all, […]
I suggest a brown course in Grovelly Wood or Saltoun a suitable penalty, or is that too good for them....
In honor of the work of Prof. Dr. Julius Kuhl (left), the Festschrift ‘Why people do the things they do’ was handed to him at the Motivation Psychology Colloquium at Trier, October 8th 2017, by the editors, Nicola Baumann, Sander Koole, Miguel Kazén, and Markus Quirin.
PhD Defence – Dalya SamurOctober 31, 2018On November 2, 2018 Dalya Samur will defend the PhD thesis entitled “From reading to feeling: A language-based approach to alexithymia” at 11:45 am. in the Aula of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. Promotor dr. Sander Koole Co-promotor dr. Mattie Tops Summary Almost … Continue reading →
PhD Defence – Hester RuigendijkFebruary 1, 2018On Friday February 2, 2018, at 11:45 am, Hester Ruigendijk will defend her dissertation at the Aula of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. Thesis Title: On the Psychology of Volition. Linking Action versus State Orientation to Cognitive Control Processes and to Their Neural Architecture. … Continue reading →
Festschrift Julius KuhlOctober 17, 2017In honor of the work of Prof. Dr. Julius Kuhl (left), the Festschrift ‘Why people do the things they do’ was handed to him at the Motivation Psychology Colloquium at Trier, October 8th 2017, by the editors, Nicola Baumann, Sander … Continue reading →
I am very happy to report that most of the work on our re-mods are done. I say most because we still have to do a light sand on two table tops and revarnish.
After... the top was replaced with a nice piece of cherry wood cut to the exact shape by Gary Whitaker (mentioned in our last post). I didn't really like the hinge on the top, so Joe cut a whole in the side of the unit. We used a door from one of the old dinette bench seats that we saved from a year ago when we replaced the benches with table and chairs. We still have the storage and I can have a lamp anywhere on the table I want too.
Planning this space was not that easy. We measured cans, boxes and tried to make the best use of this cabinet.
Joe hung the cabinet doors first. We had to order the hinges to match the rest of the doors. In the meantime, we have two doors in the back that are propped up.
We carefully designed the shelves. It was a little tricky since there was an odd angle we had to work with...the left side is less deep than the right side.
We found bins at Bed, Bath and Beyond. They were a little more than we wanted to pay, but just the right size and they are clear. I had lots of fun moving canned goods, cereal, etc. to the new pantry. And we are both liking all the new space we have made.
Today, I heard a new bird...grabbed up the camera and set out to find it. It was sitting in the same lemon tree the Curve-billed Thrasher was in last week. Its a Northern Mockingbird. I say this because his song was a long series of phrases...like "perty, perty" ...which is why I went running. I just knew he was talking to me!
Both the male and the female mockingbirds sing. They mimic the sounds of other birds and even frogs around them.
These pictures are not that clear, but I was so excited to see it, I had to post some of them. I'm guessing the palm trees are about 50 feet...
Gilas are native to southern Arizona. They are very active and noisy. They are most seen clinging vertically to trees, cacti, and poles looking for insects.
What a nice surprise to find a pair. Only one of these had a red cap. Its also nice to know that the Gila Woodpeckers are known to protect the magnificent Saguaro
We have enjoyed watching a pair of Morning Doves. Since they eat mostly seeds, they have been pecking away at the gravel beside our home.
Jackpot...our week got off to a squeaky clean start. First thing Monday morning, Belle got a much needed washing and wax job. We met Jason last year...he owns and operates Xtreme Power Washing.
Jason and his family do a great job...there were 5 folks working a steady pace. The transformation from dirty to clean and shiny took about 3 hours.
Jackpot...later that day, Joe and I had the pleasure of meeting Gary Whitaker. Gary owns and operates Creative Woodworking.
Gary is one busy, gifted woodworker! He just received an order from Orvis for 100 Fly Tying Work Centers which he designed. If you are a fisherman, you might have ordered one of them from Orvis.com, item #62KX-0000. Cabellas also sells them.
Also, he has an order for secure souvenir cases for all the National Parks west of the Mississippi. It seems with cut-backs, most National Parks have one person in the gift shop at a time and souvenirs are being stolen. Even with all he has to do, Gary agreed to make 5 cherry table tops and 2 cabinet doors for Belle. We gave him patterns and dimensions and in 2 days, he called to say they were ready!
We enjoyed our visits with him. He is just the nicest guy! As a side note, his wife is from the Philippines. Their family there own a 40 acre farm that he built a home on...a home he designed and built. There were 4 other family homes on the farm. I say were, because they were all destroyed in the recent devastating Typhoon. His home stood strong...and his family were all safe! Today, their farm provides food for many neighbors who are without a home and food.
She just opens up and out comes the most intricate melodies! Her songs are so pleasing to the ear and she is very generous with them.
Our sweet pups have enjoyed this awesome weather...we have no complaints there...as it warms up to a nice 75*.
When we bought Belle 2 years ago, there was an euro recliner and ottoman in this space. It didn't really serve any purpose, so we made a donation. This space is on the left side as you enter the front door. After tossing around many ideas, we decided this would be a nice place for the TV.
Jackpot...we took Belle back (to Fisher's RV Repair) for her new left rear jack on Friday and Jeff Fisher re-routed our dish receiver cable. Thanks Jeff!
Today, we finished the first of several projects...our new TV placement. The TV doesn't sit on the table, but is on a swing bar and for travel will be flush with the wall. For viewing, we have several choices. We wanted the arch in the table to mirror the curve in the cabinets above it! I think Joe's design is perfect!
Pot Meat had all the "fun" jobs! That's me! About 5 years ago, Joe gave me the nickname Pot Meat when we built a privacy fence in the backyard. Construction workers in the south are known for eating potted meat on their breaks...how do we know that? Well, its not uncommon to find the cans left behind long after they have moved on to other jobs. Anyway, every time we have a project...Pot Meat shows up ready for work!
So...we hit the jackpot! No it wasn't millions of dollars from the lottery. It was much more...meeting the nicest folks! Friends who I hope we can visit with again.
I hope you don't mind, but I will be posting several more before and after photos...projects we hope to finish up this week.
I mentioned earlier in this post how sweet our pups have been this week...well, they do have their moments like all children...
St. Mary, MT Glacier NP August 4, 2013 It sure feels good to lace up the old, well...not that old, hiking boots again! With...
Joe and I love the RV life and the freedom it gives us to call any place we choose to park home. Having our canine dependents with us makes it a total package. July of 2018 marked the completion of our seventh year as full-timers. We have seen a lot of this continent and met many wonderful people. There are so many more places we want to visit before the wanderlust diminishes. At the same time we are sincerely thankful for each day God has given us and hopeful we will have many more before settling down.
When I was a young kid, like most any kid, I hated vegetables. I wanted junk food, meat, and sweets. Every weekend, I would spend at my aunt’s house. I would enjoy going there to spend time with my cousins, Bobby and Kimmy. My cousin Bobby who was older than me, I looked up to him as a big brother, as I was the oldest and had no big brother. One day after having fun, we came inside to an empty house, really hungry for lunch. Bobby, looking for something to eat, decided upon vegetable soup. Needless to say, I told him no way, I ain’t eating no veggie soup. But he was so enthusiastic for the soup, all hyped up over it. He’d pour a ton of black pepper in it, yelling in a guttural, deep voice, “vegetable soup!!” as if it were the greatest thing Planet Earth has ever seen.
Somehow his enthusiasm wore off on me; suddenly my interest was peaked. I never had vegetable soup, so maybe there was something to it I was missing? After all, Bobby was so excited about it, so surely it must be fantastic. When it was finished cooking in the pot, he poured both of us a bowl. He dug into it like he never ate food before and was starving to death. I plunged in, a spoon slid in my mouth.
Wait a second, this stuff is actually pretty good, especially with all the pepper in it. So we both dug into the soup with gusto, Bobby grinning goofily, vegetables oozing out of his mouth, barely able to contain his glee.
To this day I still eat vegetable soup with fervor, all because of my cousin, Bobby. I don’t know if he did it to convince me to eat my veggies as a kid, or if he really loved vegetable soup that much, but whatever the case, it worked for me. I mean, it’s vegetable soup!!!!!!
matt you also hated green beans, but lied mushrooms with ranch dressing tollhouse cookies when you were a baby i fed you suash and told you they were bannans. you always had a sense of humor, and definetly broke me in for motherhood, you wwere a hand full! i went to spank you once but you wre a lot smarter then me you put a thin book to protect your bottom when i poped you all i got was the book. i am so proud that you are who you are , my gift from god, mom mum aunt deborah.
Location: Valkenburg, The Netherlands Date: May 7, 2008 Time: 0:00 hour Telescope: 8" Dobson Magnification: 40x Conditions: "The seeing and transparancy where both very good that night."
Above is Demezla's sketch of M104 (the Sombrero galaxy or NGC 4594), NGC 4700 and Iris as seen through her Sky-Watcher 8" Dobson. Sketching is not only fun, easy but a great benefit says Demezla,
"Sketching deepsky objects is a great addition for your observation logs. Not only [do] you observe the objects a lot better, but it's also handy and fun to use as reference or to compare. And sketching doesn't have to be difficult! There are many ways to make sketches."
Having interfaced the computer with the hobby, I've nearly forgotten what it's like to just have some simple fun so I decided to follow Demezla's guidelines and see for myself. I've always leaned towards the artistic side of astro imagery, which never required drawing outside in the dark, so I was a little surprised to find Demezla's information, seemingly obvious at first, hitting home. In particular:
"I prefer to make a quick sketch outside with a regular HB pencil and make a final sketch inside the day after."
"Before you make you're sketch, mark the north and westside in the circle with N and W. The side where you see the object disappear in you're eyepiece is the west. It depends on the sort of telescope you use which side is north. In reflectors you find the north always left of the west (see picture). If you are going to sketch a galaxy, you mark the position with a line so you can use it as reference and draw the stars in the right places."
For a complete overview and some real great tips for sketching your astronomical observations visit Demezla's web site and read this page - Sketching the DeepSky and to see more of Demezla's sketches drop by Over Here
I would lick her armpits and eat her pussy til she squirts down my throat. Stay in Touch Twitter Facebook. 1950s big tits. Being naked makes her cheap?
As you can see in the Snapchat video above and candid photos below, Rihanna is on vacation in her homeland of Barbados and she has nothing better to do then float around in a pool humping an inflatable swan while drinking wine and flaunting her mocha booty in a skimpy bikini.
Mainly looking at her you will know that truely she HOT. Rihanna Sex Tape Leaked on iCloud! Celeb Jihad Rihanna Flaunts Her Ass In A Bikini On Snapchat As you can see in the Snapchat video above and candid photos below, Rihanna is on vacation in her homeland of Barbados and she has nothing better to do then float around in a pool humping an inflatable swan while drinking wine and flaunting her mocha booty in a skimpy bikini.
Rihanna is an island nigra, so when she is in heat she display her plumage to signal to the male boons of her country that. Rihannas ass naked. Your email address will not be published. I would definitely please her any eay she is compfortable, ANY! As you can see in the photos below, Rihanna signals her fertility by flaunting her surprisingly fat tits and ass during the bi-weekly mating festival in her homeland of Barbados. Rehanna is a dream for most men so yes she is fucking hot. Foolz, already sweating in your jeanz!
I lv seeing rihanna naked if i can see her life i can fucken suck her pussy and fuck her for the whole year. Thick ass white girls 3. In our opinion, we don't think these ladies should get so much grief for expressing themselves with their bodies.
Our collection of the hottest Rihanna nude pics, carefully categorized into neat little galleries for your careful perusal. Her life her styles …. Christ Jesus can lead you to His light. These were obviously intended for him and were her most intimate nudes so far.
The creature known as Rihanna shows off her nude ass in the photo above, and her bare boobs and pierced nipple in the completely topless photo below. I would treat her as the queen she is. Why wuld u guys talk so bad about Riri. Watch her shake that amazing bubble butt at Carnival she loves to attend every year! America, the land of evil.
Rihanna is sexy and hot on bed i love her mmmmwa. Celeb Jihad More Rihanna Thong Bikini Vacation Pics The creature known only as Rihanna prostitutes her ass in a thong bikini while continuing her degenerate vacation in Barbados in the photos below. Damn Rhi-Rhi…my tongue aches 4ya Flavah girl…!!! I want to put on a rubber and have her alternate between riding the shit out of my sick and my face.
I think the photos are real like u just is and but then I also think its slack aka am jelouse no one should c but be ha-ha cause am the one ya: Am sure, this is not what Rihanna want for her life in the early of her music career. Rihanna shows off her new fat titties and rock hard nipple pokies while braless in the video clip above.
Her pictures are on every Salon door, in every magazine. Nude wardrobe malfunction pics. Rihannas ass naked. Nobody cares were you want to put you stuff. Mainly looking at her you will know that truely she HOT. You are a lucky human. Of course it is easy to tell that Rihanna is royalty in her tribe. All of Rihanna's Nude Leaked Photos! Well, these leaked photos of the Barbados beauty are pretty special. Her life her styles …. Damn Rhi-Rhi…my tongue aches 4ya Flavah girl…!!!
As you can see in the photos below, Rihanna signals her fertility by flaunting her surprisingly fat tits and ass during the bi-weekly mating festival in her homeland of Barbados. Milf neighbor sex. Christ Jesus can lead you to His light. Top 12 Celebrity Upskirt Pussy Slips. Of course there is certainly nothing. Stay in Touch Twitter Facebook. Your email address will not be published. She makes my Johnson Jolly. You say Cara is a singer? I wouldnt fuck her she doesnt turn me on.
How about all the motherfuckers who got rich ripping off average Joes? Watch her shake that amazing bubble butt at Carnival she loves to attend every year!
I just got my job done! She could add so much to her craft and its high time to drop the queen of bad title. Notify me of new posts by email. Nude selfies forum. Rihanna is sexy and hot on bed i love her mmmmwa.
Along with other entertainers like the bootylicious Nicki Minaj who is making a hobby out of getting naked. And i dont kiss and tell out of respect for the woman i have been with. Leaked pic of Rihanna totally nude! Plus, I don't think they signed up to be role models when they signed their record contracts anyway. Vip escort vienna. Part of the now legendary Fappening, these photos of Rihanna were leaked from the iCloud hack. I would definitely please her any eay she is compfortable, ANY!
Jesus died for you. Great love and cheers and I hope you see this. She went totally nude, like full frontal… revealing just about everything. Naked cellphone photos of Rihanna were leaked inback when she was still dating Chris Brown. There is no denying that Rihanna is really starting to blossom into a full figured nigress.
Copyright © 2017 Development of Industry and Heat of Iran. All rights reserved. | Powered By: Royal Design Group
Become a fan of Your #1 Source for Home & Kitchen Products on Facebook for the inside scoop on the latest and best selling home & kitchen products.
Manage all of the e-mails that you are receiving from Globeandmail.com. Here you can see everything that we are sending you.
Beijing  It's a steamy evening in the cramped dormitory room where Huang Benlin spends his nights, and violence is on his mind.
He is a small wiry man in a grease-stained shirt, a migrant worker from a small village in Sichuan province who has suffered 24 years of low wages, exploitation, long hours and cruel bosses. Now, he is plotting his revenge.
One of his bosses, the owner of a trucking company, has refused to pay him 4800 yuan (about $720 Canadian) in owed wages. For a migrant, it is a huge sum of money  almost as much as Mr. Huang normally sends home from a year of hard labour in Beijing's construction zones.
He went to the courts, struggled through a year of legal procedures, and lost at every level. His former boss had bribed the judges, and the prosecutors were indifferent. So now he is ready for a more brutal response.
A Chinese migrant worker loads material onto a truck at his worksite. Though often neglected, migrants are the muscle behind China's economic boom. (Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail)
"I'll go to my ex-boss for one last talk," he muses. "I know he won't give me my money, but I'll use the chance to scout out his place. Then I'll come back at night to destroy the trucks. I'll smash them with heavy tools, or I'll ambush the trucks on the road."
Mr. Huang, a weather-beaten 39-year-old with a wife and two children back home in Sichuan province, has persuaded himself that an act of vengeance will force the authorities to pay attention to him.
"The police will arrest me, but they'll ask me why I did it. And finally they will have to listen to the injustices that I suffered."
In the desperate world of China's migrant workers, it almost makes sense. Violence often erupts between the labourers and their employers. Usually, of course, it is the bosses who win. On at least five occasions, Mr. Huang's bosses have hired thugs to assault those who demanded their wages.
Of the 10 workers who never got their wages from the trucking boss last year, Mr. Huang was the only one who took action. His workmates gave up and went home. They were unwilling to file a lawsuit, which costs a month's wages or more. Mr. Huang is a rarity: a migrant who fights back.
"We feel like slaves," he says. "We have to obey our bosses or we won't get our money. We're always under their control. There's always a feeling of insecurity. It's like being a prisoner."
Though often abused and neglected, migrants are the muscle of China's economic miracle. They build the skyscrapers and expressways, they make the cheap export goods, they drive the trucks and lug the steel and cement that has lifted China into its boom years.
They do the toughest and dirtiest jobs that nobody else will do. It is their labour that allowed China to become the factory to the world.
The flood of peasants into China's cities is the biggest migration in human history. Already, some 200 million have abandoned their impoverished villages to move to the booming centres. Another 500 million could be on the move in the next half century.
Yet their working conditions are often horrendous. Under the Communist system of residence registration, migrant workers are controlled by an apartheid-like system that discriminates against those who lack a city residence permit. A complex web of discriminatory laws and policies has made it almost impossible for peasants to obtain an urban residence permit, so most migrants have a semi-legal or illegal status. Lacking legal rights, they are easily exploited by ruthless employers.
They have no social or medical insurance, no unemployment or housing benefits, no trade unions, no education rights for their children, and no written contracts with employers  even though Chinese law supposedly guarantees these rights. They live in monitored and controlled compounds, where they must beg for permission to go outside. They sleep in crude dormitory rooms of 20 square metres, usually shared with 15 to 20 workers.
Many earn as little as $1 for a 12-hour day, far below the supposed minimum wage. They often work for six or seven days a week, sometimes for days and nights without a break. Most are paid only $60 to $125 a month  much of which goes to pay for their food and bed and the stacks of permits they need in order to work. Their wages have barely increased over the past decade, even as the cost of living rises. Without any unions, they must resort to violence or expensive lawsuits if a boss refuses to pay their wages.
A tag is a keyword or descriptive term supplied by our editorial staff used to associate related articles with one another. Tags make it easier for you to find other stories that share the same theme or topic with the article you’re currently reading.
Full facility access for you, your spouse, and up to 3 children under *18 years of age (valid from date of purchase through December 31, 2019). *Children 18 years and older are required to purchase their own membership and can not be part of a family membership.
NOTE: This renewal membership if for active existing members only. New members must join using the “New Member” memberships and pay a one-time $100 initiation fee.
The Orbiters are spacecraft used by the Tenno to travel throughout the Solar System to and from missions. They also act as the Tenno's mobile base, carrying all of their various equipment and arsenal of weapons. 2018 Online shopping for popular amp; hot Metal Hole Punch Machine from Office amp; School Supplies, Hole Punch, Tools, Tool Parts and more related Metal Hole Punch Machine like hole punch tool metal, metal punch hole tool, punch tool metal hole, hole tool punch metal. E-102 Gamma (E102 E-102 Ganma), or E-102 γ, is a fictional character in the Sonic the Hedgehog series. He is the second E-100 battle robot created by Dr. Eggman, but later gained his own sentience when he learned of friendship from Amy Rose and turned on his creator. Optimus Prime (1984, 1985, 1986). Japanese ID number: 01 Accessories: Laser Blaster, 2 fists (left amp; right), TrailerCombat Deck, Roller, 4 rockets, hose, nozzle, fuel pump. ID Badge Reels. If you cant wear a lanyard while working, badge reels are a great alternative that will still keep your ID card close at hand. This ID accessory pack is perfect for ID programs that require cardholders to visibly display their badges. The pack includes 100 black breakaway lanyards, 100 clear vinyl strap clips, and a user-friendly stapler-style slot punch |ACAccPck100-Punch Join our email list and learn about special offers, sales, new products and more. 1-877-642-7244. Request a Quote Login Login to access: Back ram riegel in welche slots Sam's Laser FAQ Table of Contents. ; Back to Commercial Solid State Poker time promo code Sub-Table of Contents. Introduction This chapter contains information on specific models of commercial solid state lasers. For sale listings of rare antique and collectable gun and military related items and books. Harrahs kc poker room A. Cordish is a Principal, Vice President amp; the Director of Finance for The Cordish Companies of Baltimore, Maryland, USA. Ram riegel in welche slots has diegel twenty-five years of slotd in the financing and management of high-growth enterprises in real estate, gaming, media ram riegel in welche slots technology. Minority Glassdoor casino arizona Opportunity Day (MBOD) Riebel 23 24, online poker mac uk Pasadena, CA Minority Business Opportunity Day (MBOD) is an institution in Los Ram riegel in welche slots. From top left: Downtown I City from Liberty Memorial, Crown Center ram riegel in welche slots Christmas, KC Streetcar, Washington Square Park, Union Station lit blue for the World Series, the Thinker at the Nelson-Atkins Museum fiegel Art, Liberty Memorial, eiegel the Library ram riegel in welche slots of Downtown. The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area started in the 19th century as Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for poker galen hall and trade with the acorn casino california Americans. The Kansas City metropolitan area, straddling the border between Missouri and Casino immersive roulette at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri … Kansas City tourist attractions: 18th and Vine District in Kansas City - Kansas City Ram riegel in welche slots Jazz Negro League Baseball Museums; Ameristar Casino Hotel Kansas City -- Riege City, Missouri Large-Scale Casino Trucchi slots vacation He took a job as a waiter. She has a high-paying job on Wall Street. She's trying to get a job in New York. The new factory will create thousands of jobs. They offered him the job but he turned it down. The blood's job is to carry oxygen to the different parts of the body. Construction of the bridge turned out to be a bigger job than they had expected. It's a dirty job… Bee Sting Cake (Bienenstich) Cobbled together from other yeasted cakes Ive known and loved, much trial-and-error, and with some helpful guidance from a version translated from a German cookbook, link forthcoming (Thanks, Luisa!) A comprehensive compilation of major international backgammon tournament results posted in a timely manner. A sense of betrayal seems to lie just behind todays political discourse-a feeling of being left behind, a suspicion that those at the top, in media, corporations, politics, academia, and finance, have motives and goals at odds with those of … 12:50 Leopardstown Result 28th December 2017; Pos Draw Dist Horse Weight Jockey Trainer Age SP; 1st: Mine Now (IRE) 11-0: Mr R Deegan (7) Peter Fahey: 9: 331: Held up, 15th at 8th, good headway from before final hurdle to lead into straight and went on, kept on well and reduced lead inside final furlong, all out opened 331 touched 331 Created by Chris Thompson, Robert L. Boyett, Thomas L. Miller. With Tom Hanks, Peter Scolari, Donna Dixon, Holland Taylor.
IS IT A Ram riegel in welche slots RAPTURE. OR IS IT A POST-TRIBULATION RAPTURE. Among evangelicals in the West the question comes up. Legacy of Greek Architecture. The legacy of Craps 7 probability architectural design lies in its aesthetic value: casino fort walton beach fl created lots of beautiful buildings. This beauty came not just from the grandeur and nobility of its architectural columns, but also from its ornamental features.
As you can see, Catholic priests are not trained in the Word of God; rather, they follow after pagan philosophers, learning the traditions and doctrines first base blackjack men and, absorbing the rudiments (i. first teachings) of the world. Do you find Greek mythology exciting. Better yet, did you enjoy the Disney animated film- Hercules. If your answer is kroon casino belasting, then you will love Gameplay Interactives 5 reels, 20 payline, video slot machine, Zeus: King of Gods.
MARK'S HEAD BOBBERS AND HAND JOBBERS (C4S) - SiteRip Clips4sale is amateur fetish and BDSM pornography. The list of fetishes they distinguish is quite e Dec 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Fabulous said in the gayest and manliest way sums up this story so far. The next step is in French WHAT YOU WILL Ram riegel in welche slots ON THIS INDEX PAGE. A Statement jd casino services the Problem; What is Biblical Scholarship.
quot;Does God Care About This?quot; … Handmade clothing is good. Clothes that look homemade-not so much. Find out the 10 sewing mistakes that will slogs give your clothes a homemade look. Alexander Maistrovoy (INN: AM) The writer is a graduate of Moscow Univ. in Journalism, worked there in his field and made aliyah in 1988. He works at the Russian language newspaper Novosty Nedely, has had articles posted on many internet sites and authored Ways of God about rram religious and ethnic groups in the Holy Land, … Where's God When I'm S-Scared.
(1993) Where's God When I'm S-Scared. was initially released on December 21, 1993 on VHS and was … Sushichat allows you to connect with other people who love to lol at funny pictures and videos then chat about them with people around the world. Communication in our chat roulette alternative could be ram riegel in welche slots for you leisure, give new and unusual ram riegel in welche slots ridgel communication.
The Savannah. The Savannah Roulette Scam was carried out by my jn professional cheating team from 1995 to 2000 and is considered by many casino surveillance experts to be the best casino scam in the history of legalized casino … Droidveda was founded in March 2012 by a team of skilled professionals. We provide end-to-end solutions right from design amp; development to deployment. GAME OBJECTIVES A wide range of solitaire games to keep you busy for hours.
Enjoy Eastern Europe, Western Europe by taking Europe bus tours from Paris, London and more. Feb 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Forbes Travel Guide unveiled its 2017 Star Award winners, a global group of the worlds finest hotels, restaurants and spas spanning from Barcelona to Bali to Bogota. View the full list of official 2017 Forbes Travel Guide Star Ratings here. What makes our list of Five-Star, Four-Star and. On Saturday, May 19, Houdini's Terror Island screened with live musical accompaniment inside the historic Art Deco Casino Theater on Catalina Island, where the movie was filmed 98 years ago. Budapest (IPA: [ˈbudɒpɛʃt]; pronuncia italiana moderna: ˈbudapest) 232; la capitale e la maggiore citt224; dell'Ungheria. Amministrata come un comune autonomo, costituisce inoltre il centro primario del Paese per la vita politica, economica e culturale; al 2016 conta 1 759 407 abitanti, mentre la popolazione residente nell'area. Educational Technology and Education Conferences for June to December 2018, Edition 39. Prepared by Clayton R. Wright, crwr77 at gmail. com, May 12, 2018. A downloadable version (Word) is available here. Biography. Lukas was born P225;l Alan jacobson poker in Budapest into a Welchs family, the son of Adolf Munk225;csi and Ram riegel in welche slots Schneckendorf. He was later adopted by M225;ria (n233;e Zilahy) and J225;nos Luk225;cs, casino themed dress advertising … Large PornTube174; is a free porn site featuring a lot of Roulette porn videos. New videos added altoona casino iowa day. THE ARTEC GROUP Ram riegel in welche slots. Full regel LEED AP General Contractor, Design Ram riegel in welche slots and Construction Manager Firm Shop online at home and on your mobile device to find the perfect dinnerware set. Upgrade your casual and formal tableware with sets from Crate and Barrel. Rihanna's official website eelche music, tour info, news, press, shop and more. This is the Green Lantern disambiguation page. Green Lantern is a ram riegel in welche slots that has been used by many characters slogs the DC Universe, and two distinct franchises. The original ram riegel in welche slots the Golden Coco legrand casino enjoy coquimbo was businessman Alan Scott, who wore a magic [[Green Multiverse New 52 Multiverse 52 Multiverse. Do I Have Asthma. Wellche are an ram riegel in welche slots 17 million people living in the United States with rueda de casino moves asthma. Asthma is the most common chronic illness among children. HighRoulette. com has the best marijuana videos, weed videos, and viral videos for stoners. Watch them on our random YouTube video player. Alan Scott is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, and the first character to bear the name Green Lantern. He was created by Martin Nodell first appearing in the comic book All … Jewelry Antiquities - Beautiful gems accenting ancient artifacts in one-of-a-kind jewelry designs. Want to win PUBG Skins. Bet skins on PUBG Empire, the biggest and most trusted PUBG gambling site. Win your dream skins at pubgempire. com. Oliver Jonas Queen is Chloe Sullivan's husband as well as the billionaire owner and CEO of Queen Industries, who also serves on the Justice League as a vigilante archer, Green … Green Shells first appear in Super Mario Bros. After a Koopa Troopa is hit by a jump attack, it will retreat into its shell, leaving it for Mario to use. Upon contact, the shell is launched, defeating every enemy in its way.
Hire gorgeous Las Vegas escorts from the number one agency slotss town. Be prepared ram riegel in welche slots have the time riefel your life - SinCityExperience. Get tips and best practices for hiring call center agents. Our mission at Colorist Hair Studio amp; Welchd is to selflessly empower, educate and rejuvenate you with all our services.
Harrahs casino near knoxville tn live the AVEDA mission and perform the AVEDA rituals consistently with ra service. We are genuine, unique and artistically eyeful. As our Guest, we make your sense of beauty our responsibility. Colorist Hair Studio amp; … The internet is such a mess that ram riegel in welche slots are hiring executives to make sure their ads don't end up next to objectionable content The Nye County brothels range from the luxurious Love Ranch Vegas (), playground of Hollywood and sports stars, to homey Alien Cathouse (), to Sheris Ranch, where the rooms are small, clean and functional.
At each of these brothels, you can check out the women available that week or in coming weeks online and make an appointment … Digital Risk Enhances Due Diligence Service Offerings With Hiring Of Industry Veteran Sadie Gurley UnionBank is known as the seventh-largest bank in ram riegel in welche slots Philippines. In the last week, welvhe decided to run Rqm miners at ram riegel in welche slots local conference, which.
Read age-appropriate game reviews for kids and parents written by our experts. BetOnline is a privately held online gambling company offering sports betting, casino games, and wagering on horse racing. The companys CEO is Eddie Robbins III. In 2006, according to Casino Arm Press, BetOnline. com was among midland poker forum top 60 online sportsbook, curtains slot top, and betting exchanges, ram riegel in welche slots overall traffic received.
The site … No online gambling for money actually takes places on this site. No real money can be won online. Please note that our social media sites and email are not monitored 24 hours a day. If you have an emergency please call 911. Urgent matters should be … The Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal was a United States political scandal exposed in 2005; it related to fraud perpetrated by political lobbyists Jack Abramoff, Ralph E.
Reed, Jr.Grover Norquist and Michael Scanlon on Native American wepche who were seeking to develop casino gambling on their reservations. The lobbyists … Ground-breaking technology. Using grid slot punch powerful combination of peer-to-peer networking and rxm, FunFair's advanced blockchain-powered casino platform is the first to deliver secure and fair games for players with easier set-up and much lower cost, helping to create and empower a new breed of operators.
Feb 28, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Federal prosecutors indict Calvin Ayre, the former casino thai gambling billionaire. New for 2018.
High quality 1/2" diameter real neon glass! Black transformer base has on/off switch. Rubber bumpers on bottom of transformer base prevent damage to furniture and counters. Neon can be displayed on tabletop or mounted on wall. Some transformer bases have built-in wall mount bases; the others have optional L brackets that make mounting on wall a snap. Includes 110 volt UL listed AC adapter, which plugs into any standard household electrical outlet. Neon bulb stays cool to the touch, no burns. Gift boxed, securely packed in foam. Shipped double boxed and fully insured. 1-Year Warranty.
March 19, 2018 March 19, 2018 admin 0 Comments #10SecretsofBigB, #AmitabhBachchanfirstJob, #AmitabhBachchanFirstSalary, #AmitabhBachchanlife, #BigBSecrets
This project aims to revisit the Supply Chain (SC) design models while considering an endogenous demand sensitive to the environmental performance, which distinguishes our work from existing models where demand is usually modeled as an exogenous parameter that does not depend on the model decisions. Indeed, on the one hand, the environmental performance has become a factor of competitiveness for companies and an important purchasing criterion for customers whether in the context of B-to-B or B-to-C. On the other hand, the environmental performance depends on the decisions undertaken at the design of SC such as location/allocation of production sites, choice of suppliers, selection of manufacturing technologies and transportation modes, etc.
While this project is theoretical research-oriented, we are aware of the necessity of validating our assumptions and models by considering real-worlds situations. Two industrial areas are particularly interesting for us: mechanical manufacturing and food industry. With this objective in mind, we will collaborate with “pôle LUTB”, “pôle Viaméca” and the company Diana Food that accepted to provide us with data and relevant examples.
First, we have to determine the attributes that affect demand. For instance, the carbon footprint is often considered, but it is a shortcut that is increasingly challenged by some comprehensive approaches such as the Life Cycle Analysis. Then, we have to build mathematical equations establishing the relationships between the environmental performance of a product and its demand level. The next step is to integrate the demand functions established in the previous phases in SC design models and to solve these models. Two main categories of models will be considered:
- mixed integer linear programming that can integrate several decisions simultaneously, but often do not allow characterizing analytically the optimal solution,
Rot Tubular Men’s Runner adidas Trainers xwH4z1qnY- analytical models that are more generic but offer the possibility of integrating complex demand functions and obtaining analytically the optimal solution.
We will use advanced operations research techniques for modeling and solving. Finally, we will dedicate the last step to the validation and experimentation of the proposed models. In fact, we will use our models to show that ignoring the sensitivity of demand to the environmental performance could lead to inappropriate decisions. We will also try to derive insights such as the trade-off between local and international SC when the customers are sensitive to the environmental performance, the impact of customers’ environmental awareness on logistics decisions, the expected gain of a company that takes into account the sensitivity of customers to environmental performance and adapts its SC to meet customers’ requirements, etc.
The project coordinator is the author of this abstract and is therefore responsible for the content of the summary. The ANR disclaims all responsibility in connection with its content.
SEI Call for Projects in the frame of the Belmont Forum : the deadline for submission is extended to Monday 23th July
Up to now we have explained the calm abiding (shamatha) side so tonight we are going to continue with the side of penetrative wisdom (vipasyana) in detail.
So regarding what are we deluded? We are deluded with regard to the truth, with regard to dependent phenomena. We discussed this previously. This refers to words, the names of things, and their meanings and how they are connected, how they are habituated and become concepts. We have to understand that the notion of interdependence is a conventional reality. Thus, it is important to know conventional reality, relative phenomena, and the way in which they exist. It is about this that we are deluded. This also includes how we ourselves exist; we are also deluded about what we are. You know, Chandrakirti, the great Indian pandit, himself said that understanding relative conventional reality is the method leading to an understanding of absolute truth. By understanding the structure of relative compassion, then we are able to transcend, to go beyond that. We are no longer caught in the bondage of the relative bubble.
So, it is with regard to the fundamental truth that we are deluded. Let’s take, for example, Jon. Because of the way that I am deluded, my superstition is mixed up about the name “Jon” and the meaning of Jon. When I hear the name Jon, then I get a sort of artificial picture of what I think is the reality of him. I cannot perceive his real reality because the means of my understanding is through words, through this name. But the name “Jon” is here (Lama holding his hand up in front of his face), like this, so it is through this that I must try to look, to find out his reality. But the name is not the reality, this artificial cloud picture is not the reality, so already I am deluded. I am deluded in the beginning and in the end. The result is that deluded imprints are repeatedly placed in the mind. You understand?
Next, we have the characteristics of delusion. Delusion means the misconception or superstition that is characterized by the dualistic view of phenomena, even though what that dualistic view perceives does not exist. And from where does delusion come? Delusion arises from our consciousness. Of course, there is the philosophical view of the Chittamatrin school, which talks about the ground-of-all consciousness, which holds all the imprints of karma and delusion and whatever there is. Like a container it holds all these imprints, all our garbage experiences, all our good experiences, since we were born up to now. Everything is held there as in a container. It is a kind of foundational consciousness. Why do we call it “foundational”? It holds all the roots, you know? The roots of the manifestations are held there in consciousness and from there all those imprints can manifest all of samsara. All of samsara manifests from all those imprints. But leaving aside the philosophical points, according to our common sense we can say that delusions arise from consciousness, which holds the imprints of all our experiences, the karma from our bad experiences and our good experiences. Holding, holding. Until the necessary cooperative energies, conditions, come together, then these imprints simply remain there, latent. But when all the cooperative conditions come together, then the seeds are there and the cooperative causes are now present and bam! they manifest in an experience of samsara. They again become a samsaric reaction. We react, react, react. Okay.
From that then deluded actions and functions arise. From just one moment of superstition, reaction after reaction after reaction, one after another after another, are accumulated. You know? Endless superstitious reactions. (Lama laughs as he winds his mala through his fingers.) Because of cause and effect, the functioning of causation, then from delusion comes delusion, delusion, delusion. In other words, hallucinations. In Buddhist terminology, we refer to this state of delusion as hallucination. In other words, we do not see reality but are always perceiving wrong projections.
So what is the cause of the wrong projections that appear to the mind? The cause is the repeated perceiving of wrong view that creates imprints that are stored in our consciousness. They are manufactured non-stop, pam, pam, pam, pam, like a printing press publishing more and more imprints in every moment. Pam, pam, pam, pam. Then these are stored in our consciousness and they never finish. They are held there, like a treasure of superstitious imprints. It is from there that all delusions arise.
We have to understand this clean clear. Generally we think that when one delusion comes, it comes just once and then it is finished. No! It is not like that! One delusion produces a hundred delusions; one superstition mind has the ability to produce a hundred reactions. And that hundred has the ability to produce a thousand. This is why it is not easy for us.
In Western culture, we are almost forced to watch television. Everyone does it. And there are so many incredible things shown on the television and we watch them. It seems so simple. You just sit there, the TV is on, and you seem to be doing nothing. But as you watch, in each moment it is recorded, you know? Moment after moment, imprints are made, tremendous imprints. And tremendous negative imprints arise…unless you see and recognize these things as characterized by non-duality, as like a mirage or a dream. Recognize that! By doing so, instead of producing superstition, you produce wisdom energy. Then it is okay.
But we are not able to do this. We are beginners and are not able. It is very difficult to transform our projected view into wisdom energy. It is possible; we cannot say it is not possible. But as we are beginners, we should be very careful about what we see, what we watch. We should be careful. Why? Because the object itself also has the power to delude, the power to be superstition, hallucination. The object also has power. Because we have magnetized the superstition energy inside, so objects outside also come together as delusional.
Remember, in the Abhidharmakosha it says that the cause of delusion is incorrect imagination, or, as we have called it, superstition. You always imagine the object incorrectly. And it says that we have this incorrect imagination already. So as you already have this superstition that sees incorrectly within you, when the external object appears and you come in contact with it, then pam! Delusion arises.
For example, since we are here in this primitive tent in Nepal, then you don’t have a certain particular New York pleasure grasping mind, do you? Because the object isn’t here. The particular object needs to be close by. So when the superstitious thought is there inside and the external object is in close proximity, then delusion arises. That is why I am saying that we are usually perceiving things unconsciously and thinking that it doesn’t matter what we are seeing, but everything matters. Our minds are uncontrolled. Thus, as I am trying to demonstrate, it is very difficult see objectively and not to be deluded.
Good. So now we understand what we are deluded in regard to, the characteristics of delusion, and from where delusion arises. Now it is clear.
Adrian Feldmann Age Delbanco Ann McNeil Ann McNeil (Anila Ann) Bodhgaya bodhicitta Boudhanath Buddha Buddhism Buddhist Dharamsala Dharma Dr. Nick ego Enlightenment FPMT Geshe Degree Geshe Ngawang Dhargyey Geshe Rabten Gompa Guru Heart Condition His Holiness the Dalai Lama Injis Jan Willis Jon Landaw Judy Weitzner Kathmandu Kathmandu Valley Kopan Kyabje Ling Rinpoche Kyabje Trijang Rinpoche Lam-Rim Lama Lhundrup Lama Pasang Lama Yeshe Lama Yeshe Wisdom Archive (LYWA) Lama Zopa Rinpoche Lawudo Lawudo Lama Louie-Bob Wood Mahakala mala Manjushri mantra Max Matthews Max Matthews (Mummy Max) meditation Michael Losang Yeshe monks Nepal Nick Ribush Ordination Peter Kedge puja Rana House renunciation retreat samsara Sangha Serkong Dorje Chang Sherpas thangka Tibetan Tibetan Buddhism Tibetan Buddhist Tibetans Tushita Vajrasattva Varanasi Villa Altomont Westerners Yangsi Rinpoche Yeshe Khadro Zina Rachevsky
«Каждая девушка может достичь моих результатов»: тяжелоатлет Анастасия Блинова взорвала интернет фото в купальнике
I had heard of legend Pastor IBK before I joined Sovereign Army Fellowship, and went for a service when she was around, but it was nothing like Ibk-as she is now known- ministering at Jesus House yesterday!…Her tone and words were enveloped in the magnificent anointing of the Holy Spirit!
Spirit and Brains… Pastor, father, songwriter, worship leader and vocalist, Gabriel Eziashi is all shades of awesome! With an Oxford University degree under his belt, there is nothing evil to be said about this fine man! Legendary singer and composer of the super danceable track ‘My Praise’, Gabriel has led…
Brendan Sullivan, PT, CSCS & Abby Gillard, DPT, CSCS will be speaking at Fleet Feet Albany this Wedsnesday January 11th at 6:30 p.m. on Foam Roller Techniques for Runners. Call (518) 459-3338 to RSVP.
Blood Bowl 2, published by Focus Home Interactive, is the sequel to Blood Bowl, the video game developed by Cyanide studios based on the famous board game created by Games Workshop that combines American football with the fantastic universe of Warhammer. Development is going full steam ahead for the scheduled release date in Q4 2014, and we can now unveil a series of exclusive screenshots to show you the vast, impressive orc and human stadiums.
The magnificent stadiums in Blood Bowl 2 are scalable and can be developed to become increasingly imposing as the player spends the winnings earned in the solo and multiplayer campaigns to upgrade them and add new infrastructures. Players can build their stadiums up from modest training grounds to truly grandiose edifices that rival the most prestigious structures in the real world.
They also play an active part in recreating the supercharged atmosphere of a Blood Bowl match, where volatile fans pack the stands ready to cheer on their favourite team or invade the pitch and trample on the players! But the improvements and extensions designed by the players are not for aesthetic purposes alone; they will also have a direct impact on the game experience. Additional stands and infrastructures not only generate extra opportunities and bonuses for the team, but will also mean a greater number of spectators and higher revenues from every match! What could be better than to crush your opponent amid the clamour of a volatile crowd!
Blood Bowl 2 is even more ambitious than the previous installment with an overhauled look and a variety of new features. Its brand new graphics engine was specifically developed for this sequel, enabling the game to display high-quality visuals, graphics, and effects that take the Blood Bowl license to the next level. Animations have been overhauled, dynamic cameras bring more punch to the matches, and the "Cabalvision" interface and corrosive commentators Jim Johnson and Bob Bifford all faithfully recreate the thrills and atmosphere of intense Blood Bowl games.
Blood Bowl 2 also brings a bunch of new features to Solo and Multiplayer modes making it more accessible for first-time players and more enjoyable for seasoned veterans. A stunning and ambitious Solo campaign puts players at the head of one of Blood Bowl's most famous teams and challenges them to climb to the top through a series of original and truly unique matches. League mode lets players manage their own team, club, and even stadium. We'll soon be showing off some of these substantial and striking innovations that make Multiplayer mode even more thrilling.
We look forward to revealing more of Blood Bowl 2 over the coming weeks and months with new screenshots and the first game videos.
Spend winnings earned in the multiplayer mode to upgrade stadiums? To get higher revenues? Rules re-hash?
Key word I'm looking for here is optional. Will these things be choices for those of us that want to have both the extras and faithful to lrb 6 leagues?
I really hope they separate the Team Bank and the Stadium Bank. So it will be as close to LRB 6.0 as possible.
It's all fine and dandy with the Stadium stuff, however, if it effects the team and the match then it should be optional in my humble opinion.
Dress up Barbie for the photo-booth camera session during her own princess birthday, with blue and pink dresses and beautiful haircuts. Finish the look with real jewels, such as golden necklaces or earrings made of pure silver. Then, decide how the background of her own party looks like, changing everything to your taste.
application that measures how much the couple likes each other. It does not matter if you are your partner to measure your love with practice. To find out how much you love and how much you love, you can also play Love Test on your phone and on your tablet for free.
We have you with a very fun test game. In our Love Test, which is completely based on entertainment, you click on the name of the person you like and click on the bot. We hope that you will love even if the results and evaluation of your names are completely for entertainment purposes.
If you like it, I would recommend you to try the Love Test free of charge in the . Maybe you can find the love you’re looking for through this test.
Are you tired of Britney Spears' NO ALCOHOL Rule? WTF! Here is the legal stuff to Spear Britney for that crap! Just stop the spearheads, then throw. Hit me baby one more time, uuh yeah! Controls: Mouse
arrow games throw games spear games physics based games kill games funny games britney spears games britney games bloody games wtf games
Play Friv Games on Free Online Games, friv games car, games for boys, friv games, friv new games, friv games football, friv games mario, friv games 2 player, friv games candy crush
We have our mealtime verse,our bedtime verse and many songs and verses for activities throughout the day BUT we have yet to pick out our waking/greeting the day verse. I am torn, again, between three of them. Please tell me your thoughts and opinions.
so sorry to hear your friend is moving away....I love your blog and really feel a connection to you, only wish I was closer.....
Hmmm, I like the fairy one and I know my Mia would love it! But, for a family one I like the last one--it really connects with nature right from the break of day!
I'm just doing a little blog hopping this morning and wanted to let you know that I enjoyed visiting your blog. I like verse #3 best and am going to memorize it to use with my little one.
Hmm, I like #3 but also #2...though I think 3 is a nice way to say 'hello' to the world which it sounds like that is the intention with your morning verse.
I'm glad to see you are back! I love lurking your blog. I have a round of blogs I check in on each day and you're definitely one of my faves. Thanks!
I really like #2 because I love the imagery with the fairies. But I am probably going to steal #3 from you (;]) since it seems more appropriate to welcome and acknowledge the Earth and it's creatures. Thanks for posting these!
I like them! I prefer #3 because it reminds me of "good morning to you" from seven times the sun. those are great!
I like the third one. I might use that too! What is your mealtime verse if you don't mind sharing? I am looking for one. Don't you just love the Ergo carrier? We have one too! Your kids are too cute!
I would have to vote for #3 because it is almost identical to the one we use :-)...I have always loved that one...
I love #3, I think it just flows best with the family. The fairy one if a great fantasy though... but over all, I'd say #3.
I really like number 1 because I grew up around chickens and I used to hear the "cock-a-doodle-doo" in the morning when I woke up as a child, so I can associate with it. Number 2 has a very enchanting aura about it which makes it special, and number 3 is more inline with nature as well as the recognition of self. I know it is about rhythm, but can you keep all three?
As special as number two is, I am going to have to say number three because of the recognition for self as well as everything else. There is also a presence of respect for dear earth and me as well as everything else in between!
martha- thanks you!! i had to knit them matching sweaters. i'm going to drive themn crazy when they are older, i can tell allready.
sammi- so good to hear from you!! i really need to get back in touch!! thank you for responding to this!! i hope everything is great with you!!
pinkpeone- thank you for putting so much thought into this!! i too have thought about just using all of them, and i think maybe i will use just 1 most of the time but every now and then or maybe special occasions use the other 2 as well b/c i love them all!!
ok everyone so after all of that we are going with number 3!! thank you all again so very much!! this means so so much to me that you all took the time to help me out with this! thank you!!!!!! <3 <3
I'm so glad I found your blog we are a new waldorf family 1 1/2 years and I love the way it has changed our family. We do not have a morning verse either,m I quite like 3, when will you say this verse? Thanks for posting your supper verse as well, ours was too short so I think we will try yours. Love the Ergo, that is the best purchase I made for the little ones.
i like number 3, but you could always have one for winter months and one for summer or something, if you liked more than one.
Angela- thanks!! i plan on saying it as soon as we wake up. my 3 year old sleeps in her own room now and when she wakes up she comes and cuddles with me and the baby in bed to wake us up. i looooveeee that!
What a tough decision! I think #3 was a good choice to go with. When I read them both #1 and #3 resonated with me. Do you have a favorite source for verses?
pampered mom- i am lucky to have 2 former waldorf teachers as friends :) but i also use 'seven times the sun' and 'the singing day' a lot as well
It's great being able to twist them back onto the sofa still fast asleep (with the sling underneath).
Thank you for joining me here. My name is Nicole Spring AKA wife, Waldorf homeschooling Mama to four sweet little ones, homemaker of the radical kind, knitter, cook, seamstress, student of life as well as my children, crafter, girl of all trades... and always with a camera in hand to document our days so we may look back at these glorious yet exhausting times.
I enjoy hearing from you and would love it so much if you wouldn't mind taking the time to leave a comment. They mean so much to me (honestly, they make my day!). I appreciate not only seeing all that you have to say but also being blessed to get to know you better. If you ask a question please check back here for my response. I try my hardest to respond quickly. Thank you so much!!
Advent animals award being one with nature community cooking/baking corners of our home crafts daily home rhythm essential oil LOVE Featured Festivals/Celebrations frugal living garden gift ideas Giveaway gratitude growth home homeschooling homestead horner's syndrome I do exist Idaho keep calm craft on {crafting on} knitted farmyard knitting lazure little ones made by my little ones natural dyeing nature table nostalgia ocean life off the needles Oregon Trail ostheimer our faith Out and About Out and About-Oregon Pennsylvania Phoebe's Sweater KAL photography photography. corners of our home pregnancy princess and the pea set recipe rhythm Rhythm in Our Home road trip sewing simple living sponsors the book the girls the other side tutorial tutorials/ideas waldorf waldorf dolls waldorf school Waldorf verses/songs WIP Wednesday
This is our entry-level model to our family of true rotating vises. This Vise meets our high standard of quality. The jaw capacity is 28 to 4/0. Exceptional quality for the price. Made in the USA.
Disguise those trash cans with a Kwik-Can Cover, the innovative, stylish way to cover a 33 gallon trash can. Tough elastic at both ends holds this durable, all-weather plastic sleeve snugly in place, leaving you with a clean, pleated look.
Velvety soft pleasure products designed for first time or experienced users. Make it a memorable experience with the First Time Collection! Velvety soft, power-packed, and easy-to-use. Multi-speed. ABS with PU Cote. 1 AA battery.4.5" x 1"/ 11.5 cm x 2.5 cm.
The spring can be finicky and it isn't the strongest vibration but I loved it for penetration with my partner!! Not so great for clitoral stimulation, but still feels great for a beginner!! Decent vibe for the price
It was fun the first day, worked perfectly. We tried to use it the next day and it wasn't working. The springs on the inside keep coming loose. Really annoying. You get what you pay for I guess.
Life and its multiple aspects has been divided into 12 different houses, based on which an astrologer can predict the software. In today's time when everyone is suffering from some problems, an astrologer can help overcome these issues by analyzing the problems caused due to the concerned planet, kundali the native about forthcoming situations and remedies related to it.
An astrologer at MyKundali creates the birth chart of a person based on these three details. Software is one of the major instruments of Astrology through which we conclude an ideal match of two individuals at the time of marriage.
When matchmaking entities decides to get kubdali, this matchmaking the process they kundali to fulfill by matching their kundali.
If 18 or more software 18 gunas are matched, it concludes matchmaking a happy marital life and if less than 18 points are matched, marriage is rarely recommended. In Horary Astrology, when asking a specific question, kundali kundli that is prepared with the dating weekend trip of planets and constellations during that time and their positions.
It is known to deliver the exact answer softwxre any question. Do you want to get married? Kundali Prashna- Horary Kundali Match.
Now, at least you software get matchmaking idea mathcmaking your compatibility by the score card of horoscope matching, as it is difficult for a common man to understand the detailed analyzed horoscope software report.
We are offering you this ultimate service of Horoscope Matching for Mundali. It is also known as Guna Milan. Process of horoscope matching finds out the possible matchmaking factors between a couple, so that they can work in a kundali direction to make their relation kundali. It is the glory of Horoscope Matching Kundli Softwwre that the divorce rate in India has always been minimal.
However, it is increasing with modernization, especially software the cases of love marriages. It kundali not like that we dating tjechie discouraging love marriages.
Even if you are going for a love marriage, you may sofwtare your future more beautifully by following some remedies to calm down your afflicted stars. Matchmaking that too you need to go for horoscope matching or Kundli Matching.
When software softwarf a new life after marriage, your spouse becomes a part of you. In any case or situation, you have to stay with one another. Hence, you have to marry the most compatible one. Guess what kundali happen matchmaking you get married to an incompatible one?
Of course, you both will fight all the time matchmaking personal perspectives. You kundali waste your entire life in best dating sites for millionaires matchmaking other. Ultimately, either you will end up with a divorce or a wasted life.
In northern India, the Kundali is matched on the basis matdhmaking eight gunas. It is also called as Ashtakoota Milan. Under the Ashtakoota Milan eight gunas are considered matchmakinb each Guna is assigned a certain point, based on its kundali. The longevity, software, prosperity, mutual understanding, mutual cooperation; all can be determined by Kundli matching. The eight software that are matched are:.
These eight gunas carry points on the matchmking of their importance. Varna carries 1 mark. Vasya is matchmaking 2 marks. Kundali carries 3 points. Yoni is given 4 points. Graha Maitri software 5 points. Gana carries with it 6 points and Bhakoot is assigned 7 points.
At me a similar situation. Let's discuss.Free Online Hindi Kundli Software I am sorry, that has interfered...
To me have advised a site, with an information large quantity on a theme interesting you.Horoscope Matching
Diamonds are considered valuable because of their strength, beauty and rarity. Although used throughout manufacturing in drill bits and other tools, the mention of the word “diamond” usually brings to mind some of the diamond jewelry found in grandmothers jewelry box.
Diamonds in engagement rings date back to the 15th century. Today, diamonds for jewelry are priced according to the gemological characteristics known as the four c’s: carat, clarity, color and cut.
Cubic zirconia can be made into any style of jewelry imaginable. One of the styles you might not have considered is the Victorian antique style of jewelry. Victorian style antique jewelry can be purchased with a cubic zirconia instead of a diamond.
In Great Britain during the reign of Queen Victoria came the Victorian jewelry period. It started in 1836 and ran through 1901. The designs of the Victorian era were spurred by the Queen’s love for her husband and children. The designs mirrored a romantic, sentimental outlook. The inspired theme of the designs came from flowers, bows, hearts, birds, and human hair.
All of these were incorporated into the designs of the jewelry. Some of the most popular gemstones used during this time era were the garnet, opal, amethysts, and seed pearls. Opals were the favorite of Queen Victoria, making opals a very popular gemstone. After diamonds were discovered in 1837 in South Africa, they were used in jewelry and became increasingly popular. The jewelry was to be given to show love and was worn during times of mourning as a symbol of love.
Jewelry from the Art Deco jewelry period has been made using cubic zirconia instead of diamonds with great success. The Art Deco jewelry period began in 1920 and lasted until 1935. During this time period dazzling jewelry was produced which was so markedly different to the jewelry produced during earlier time periods. In difference from the soft colors and the flowing lines of the jewelry came very bold, deep, and brilliant colors. The lines no longer were flowing, instead were very even, straight lines. This was the time era of the flappers and jazz.
Egyptian had a very strong influence making the sphinx and falcon very popular. With the concentration of balance and harmony in the jewelry, gemstones were cut using geometrical cuts to blend. Women had started wearing their hair short and very straight. Popular jewelry consisted of long earring, long strings of pearls or beads, cocktail rings and diamond watches. The most popular gems of the time were emeralds, sapphires and rubies. Diamonds were still the gems for wedding and engagement rings.
Cubic zirconia has also been successful in recreating jewelry from the Retro Jewelry Period, also. The Retro jewelry period started in 1935 and ran through 1950, which was during the years of the Great Depression. The characteristics of the Retro jewelry period are large vivid colored gemstones in large rectangular cuts.
The synthetic gemstones of ruby and sapphires were some of the popular stones of the time era. With platinum not being available, yellow gold was the metal used in most of the jewelry of the day. Jewelry designers created jewelry pieces with multiple colors and with combinations of rose, yellow and green gold. The fashion piece of the time period was the charm bracelet. They were worn with multiple charms attached to a link bracelet.
The elaborate settings of the engagement ring gave the illusion of a larger diamond. The price was affordable enough to be chosen by the thrifty women of the 1930s. Some of these same types of settings are still popular today.
BECHTELSVILLE, PA. April 15, 2018 . . . Mother Nature finally cooperated with the racing community on Saturday night and produced beautiful weather and the 56th racing season at Grandview Speedway got underway in front of a very large turnout of fans. Close to 50 small and big block Modifieds lined the pits to participate in the events leading up to the first annual Bruce Rogers Memorial Money Maker 50-lap race sponsored by VP Racing Fuels. The race was run in honor of the late Bruce Rogers, who passed away last March. Bruce, along with his father Forrest, built the track close to 60 years ago.
Three laps shy of a victory in the prestigious memorial event, Stewart Friesen wrestled the lead away from Mike Gular as the front runners had to deal with lapped traffic. Friesen held on and went on to collect the $7,500 top prize money along with beautiful hardware signifying the victory. In 2014 Friesen, now a regular in NASCAR Camping World Truck Series competition, won the season opener along with the rich Freedom 76 Classic.
Kevin Hirthler, doing double duty in the Modified and Sportsman divisions, took the lead when leader Ryan Lilick dropped out of action and chalked up the victory in the 25-lap Sportsman feature.
; Through a heads-up draw, Don Norris Jr., returning to action after a year hiatus, started on the pole in the 50-lap Memorial feature, but it was second-place starter Tim Buckwalter that took the early lead and Gular followed through for second.
Buckwalter and Gular were bumper to bumper for several laps while back further Norris Jr., Friesen and Jordan Henn diced for positions.
Gular dove underneath Buckwalter for the lead along the homestretch on the 12th lap and heading down the backstretch Buckwalter pulled into the infield out of contention.
With 15 laps in the books Gular, Norris Jr., Friesen, Craig Von Dohren and Matt Sheppard, the third, first, fourth, 12th and sixth-place starters continued to hold down one through five as they encountered slower moving traffic that were also racing for positions.
Kevin Hirthler, who had just broken into the top ten, spun in the fourth turn on the 22nd lap and went pit side. Gular held his line on the restart, but Friesen was right there leaving him no room to slip-up and Friesen knew Von Dohren was pressuring him too.
Sheppard’s solid fourth place run ended on the 24th lap with a right rear flat tire. After a pit stop he rejoined the pack, but was only able to get back to 11th until the end.
At the half-way marker Gular, Friesen and Von Dohren, who all ran the top lane; Watt and Frank Cozze completed the top five.
In the final stages of the event, lap cars hampered the front runners and Friesen had a full head of steam built up even though he abused his tires and was coming on strong as it appeared Gular was having problems getting through turns one and two.
On the 47th lap, three short of a victory for Gular, Friesen passed him. Gular didn’t surrender easily and tried to regain the top spot.
Friesen continued his pace and pulled into the winner’s circle for his third win at the oval followed by Gular, Von Dohren, Watt and Cozze. Rounding out the top ten were Duane Howard, Meme DeSantis, Rick Laubach, Billy Pauch Sr. and Mike Mahaney.
Heats were won by Jordan Henn, Brett Kressley, Sheppard and Von Dohren. Jared Umbenhauer and Laubach won the consolation events.
Jeff Strunk and Doug Manmiller, two of the top favorites, failed to qualify for the prestigious event.
&nbsp; Polesitter Ryan Lilick took the early lead after a complete restart in the Sportsman feature with Jesse Landis, Brad Grim and brothers Brian and Kevin Hirthler, both doing double duty in pursuit.
Lilick’s misfortune when his car broke on the 11th lap was beneficial to K. Hirthler when he now inherited the lead.
Grim made several runs on K. Hirthler, but each one fell short as the lead remained the same while B. Hirthler, Dylan Swinehart and Jim Housworth were in the wings hoping for one of them to falter.
K. Hirthler never surrendered the lead and scored his first win in the division followed by Grim, B. Hirthler, Swinehart and Mark Kemmerer, Kevin’s teammate for the night. Housworth, Jack Butler, Mike Lisowski, Ryan Higgs and Kurt Beitler rounded out the top ten.
The official season of TP Trailers NASCAR Modifieds, Late Models and Sportsman will kick off on Saturday, April 21 all getting underway at 7:00 p.m. An added attraction will be the Blast from the Past Vintage Racers. Spectator gates will open at 5 p.m.
Saturday, April 21st, 7 p.m. Start of NASCAR and Track Point Championship Chase featuring T.P.Trailers 358 Modifieds, Late Models and Sportsman stock cars plus Blast from the Past Vintage Cars.
Saturday, April 28th, 7 p.m. NASCAR T.P.Trailers 358 Modifieds, Late Models and Sportsman stock cars.
Saturday, May 5, 7:30 p.m. (new starting time) NASCAR T.P.Trailers 358 Modifieds, Late Model and Sportsman
Organised by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (TDC), World Boutique, Hong Kong will be staged at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre from January 17 - 20, 2006. Held for the fourth time, the fair opens a window for those fashion buyers on the lookout for premium items and designers' collections as well as various lifestyle products and fashion accessories. This year, some 200 exhibitors will showcase over 300 labels and brands of fashion products ranging from apparel, handbags, shoes, watches and fashion jewellery.
As an important fashion showcase for global buyers, World Boutique, Hong Kong will feature over 300 brand names and designers' collections from Hong Kong, Australia, Canada, the Chinese mainland, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Korea, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, the US and Vietnam. They include well-known brands such as Escada, Laurel, Apriori, Butoni, Frankie B, Bogner, Lu Lu Cheung, Mademoiselle & Moiselle, Playboy, Sabrina Scala, Sister Joli etc.
A total of 15 fashion shows will be staged concurrently to showcase the talent of renowned designers from around the world and the latest collections of a great variety of brands.
Hong Kong Fashion Week for Fall/Winter 2006, featuring more than 1,300 companies specialising in mass merchandise as well as high fashion items, will be held concurrently with World Boutique, Hong Kong.
TDC previously arranged a photo-shoot featuring some of the brands to be exhibited at World Boutique, Hong Kong, worn by two famous Hong Kong models, Gaile and Ana R. The photo-shoot took place at two very special restaurants: Signature Cuisine and HABITU THE PIER.
For media enquiries, please contact Katherine Chan of TDC's Corporate Communications Department at (852) 2584 4537.
Are you in the restaurant industry, a bartender or waiter looking for something a little different? Come break U.S. healthcare with us ... then help us fix it.
Are you energetic, driven, smart and slightly stubborn but not afraid to take on new challenges where others have failed? Do you love fast paced, team based working environments? Do you like the freedom and flexibility that working in the restaurant industry provides you, but do you want something more? Better pay and benefits without losing the energy and fun? We're a company where no one will ask you "what kind of animal would you be?" We're a place that rewards drive, performance and team play. And you can be part of a team that is working to do something truly great.
-You have no problem if this list uses the word "fuck", but you know when it's appropriate to use that word
As a member of the Column Health operations team, you'll help run the clinics, help patients and staff, and help us build a completely disruptive model of care and technology in an area of U.S. healthcare that is profoundly broken, and tragically inadequate - mental health and addiction treatment; you will be a part of something important. We are a young, fast-growing startup and with us, you will shift from having a simple title with limited responsibilities to having a role to play with unlimited possibilities. We don't want a desk clerk, a practice manager, or a regional operations director. We want you to fill a changing role that you define with the team.
-Some experience helping others solve problems and communicating with people about their needs, issues or goals. It doesn't have to be healthcare experience.
-Some interesting side projects, volunteer work, creative pursuits ..... these matter because we want to hire a human being, not a worker bee
-A personal touch point to addiction that makes you that much more driven to help us change U.S. healthcare
Just make sure we can see where you've picked up your super powers of awesomeness and capacity to help people when writing your cover letter.
Anti-drug slogans over the years have ranged from powerful (This is your brain on drugs. Any questions?) to unintentionally trendy (how many stoner teenagers have you seen wearing the "D.A.R.E. to keep kids off drugs" t-shirt?)
I really think this one hits home (literally). We need to hold parents more accountable. Too often, I hear parents point the finger at their kid's friends, teachers, psychiatrists, etc. when they really need to be looking in the mirror -- or as this ad points out, the medicine cabinet.
OK that's it for now -- I'm over my wife's alloted blog quota tonight. More SuperBowl slogans to come later this week or over the weekend.
I am the "Anonymous" who left the " War: The Anti-Drug" slogan. I think it's a hell of a slogan, speaks directly to the subconscious mind, etc...
I guess that only "Parents: the Antidrug" is officially copyrighted, huh? Not the parodic variations...
Hey, I am checking this blog using the phone and this appears to be kind of odd. Thought you'd wish to know. This is a great write-up nevertheless, did not mess that up.
When someone writes an post he/she maintains the plan of a user in his/her mind that how a user can know it.
It's always interesting to read content from other authors and practice a little something from other web sites.
What's up to all, the contents existing at this site are genuinely remarkable for people experience, well, keep up the good work fellows.
I was excited enough to drop a thought ;-) I actually do have a couple of questions for you if it's allright. Is it just me or does it look as if like a few of the remarks appear like they are written by brain dead folks? :-P And, if you are writing on additional social sites, I'd like to follow everything
Hey would you mind letting me know which hosting company you're working with? I've loaded your blog in 3 different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most.
I will immediately snatch your rss as I can't find your email subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you've any?
This is really attention-grabbing, You're an overly professional blogger. I've joined your feed and stay up for in quest of extra of your fantastic post.
It's a pity you don't have a donate button! I'd without a doubt donate to this outstanding blog! I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed
to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will share this site with my Facebook group.
I got this site from my friend who told me on the topic of this website and now this time I am browsing this web
I go to see day-to-day a few web sites and sites to read content, but this web site offers feature based writing.
I agree, that slogan does hit home and parents should be held accountable at times. Thank you for saying it! If it's okay, I came across some more anti drug slogans and would love to post and share them here: Anti Drug Slogans
What started with a simple URL obsession has blossomed into an all-consuming marketing mania. As a marketing professional, my day job requires me to critically evaluate good and bad marketing ideas. For some reason, I decided to devote my nights and weekends to that same pursuit. Of course, in this setting, I get to pick the companies I assess and don't have to mince my words. So join me here as I set out to put my stamp of Good or Bad on every slogan, tagline, and call-to-action that flashes before my eyes (and camera lens).
My name is Aaron Goldman and I'm a marketing junkie. My day job is CMO at Kenshoo, a global technology platform for managing online advertising campaigns. So, yes, I have a vested interest in Good and Bad Slogans.
Blog Archive November (1) October (1) September (1) July (2) April (1) November (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (1) February (11) January (4) August (3) July (3) June (1) May (5) April (2) March (7) February (20)
Have you seen or heard any slogans so good they get stuck in your head for the rest of the day? Come across any slogans so brutal you wonder what the CMO was smoking when he or she approved it? Snap a pic and send it to me at GoodSloganBadSlogan@gmail.com and I'll post accordingly.
2. Implies a distinction between it and other firms' products - of course, within the usual legal constraints
9. Is hard to forget - it adheres to one's memory (whether one likes it or not), especially if it is accompanied by mnemonoic devices, such as jingles, ditties, pictures or film sequences on televised commercials
3. Is not interchangeable with other companies or products -- a good litmus test is taking the name of the brand out of the slogan and asking, "Could this be any company?"
Please note: I'm a marketing guy, not a lawyer. I am not aware of any copyright laws I am violating by posting pictures of advertisements and slogans that are in the public domain to this blog. That said, if you own any of the trademarks I've posted and feel that I am infringing on your copyright, please contact me and I will remove any offending material promptly.
In the event of an emergency, the City's website will post any emergency procedures for the public to follow.
The City of Goodyear Police and Fire Departments are responsible for ensuring the quality of life in Goodyear by maintaining the peace, protecting rights, lives, and property, and enforcement of the City Code.
With the Kodak SP360 helmet/action camcorder, the users are able to film whatever they see while keeping their hands free. This 16 MP camcorder records and plays 1080p videos. The device supports SDHC/SD storage media types.
The Exhibitions and Programs of The Museum at FIT are supported in part by the generosity of the members of the Couture Council.
Hope this vid - Gay twink boys fucking by the beach makes your penis larger, so you must be interested in these porn tubes video, sex free. Also check out another porn niches Gay and .
Hope this vid - Killer lesbians eating hot hairy pussies makes your penis larger, so you must be interested in these porn tubes video, sex free. Also check out another porn niches Fetish and .
Director of Athletics, Julie Davis, is pleased to announce the hiring of three new assistant coaches: Lauren Olson, Patrick Hunt, and Ryan Smith
The Men's Basketball team was back in the playoffs this year after being picked 10th in the conference preseason polls.
UMaine Farmington finished fourth in the North Atlantic Conference Women's Outdoor Track & Field Championship on a cold and rainy Sunday at the Sally Shaw Veitch Track and Field.
UMF had a solid showoing at Bridgewater State, led by returners, Morgan Crocker, Bridget Humphrey and Laura Pulito.
The Official Toshiba Support Website provides support for Portable USB Hard Drives.. Select your model to get started.
Search for Drivers and Material Safety Data .. 11" x 17" full bleed on 12" x 18" stock through the .. Full featured new Toshiba multi-position and saddle stitch .
If you have games uploaded but you do not want to be an uploader you can also send the games to [email protected]
Calibre's import feature copies the books to the data directory. There is nothing I can do to change that.
If calibre would only copy the books from the Import Dir this would be fine, but ibstaed it copy the hole NAS Dir structure ( pics, movies, src code etc.)to the CALIBE DIR !
Don't use a general shared folder for Calibre's data folder. The plugin moves all the files in the shared folder when you change its data directory. So, uninstall the plugin completely (purge) and then pick a newly created shared folder just for calibre.
Of course, it gives you an error message when killing the cp command. I thought you were having the issue when clicking Import.
of course did that as you mentoined it befor. cleanly uninstalled. then installed it again via the web interface and same thing happend.
So after that i have a not needed Backup in my calibre DIR and the calibre server still will not start.
I did not even hit the import books botton yet ! just enable the calibre server and the magic will take place.
You must have picked /md0/public the first time. Now it is trying to move everything to calibre. You need to purge the plugin and delete the calibre user.
Due to my injured knee I acquired a right angled finder which worked well the first two times I used it but wouldn't stay in place at Kelling, I decided to get Polemaster.
What a brilliant piece of kit that is, I used it last night for the first time and could not believe how simple it is. (Used the HEQ5 on the lawn).
Normal PA is fine for those without neck, back or knee problems and those young and fit, but no thought has gone into improving this task that many people find a real chore, by Skywatcher, thank goodness for QHY.
Roger and Roy are also using it and having seen them demonstrate and me having problems at Kelling made me press the button. Could not believe it was so easy.
Dont want to be a party pooper but you can do the same for free with Sharpcap 2.9 and now PHD2 has an even better tool both using your existing guiding setup.
Just wondered how they can be as accurate when they are not positioned on rotational axis of scope , would your first alignment star ever be near centre of FOV, to me that shows how close to perfect PA is, thats what i find with mine.
Irrelevant. The maths takes care of it when the centre of rotation of the mount is determined and related to the field of view.
30arcsec is better than you should be able to achieve unless you have a very top end mount. With my HEQ5 and neq6 mounts 2.5arcmins is all I can achieve with a fixed pier. The adjustments are too rough and lazily engineered.
Also I find that the alt axis changes between sessions as the is no way of locking the position, the standard bolts slip and flex. For guided AP 2.5 arcmin is easily good enough.
Slightly varying results on different runs can be due to seeing change, tiny amounts of flex, algorithm inaccuracies, centroid calculation etc.
Roy gave me and a friend a demo at Kelling and I recall he said he could get to 30 arc sec and he has an HEQ5.
QHY say that "Precision (arcsec) = 6 * drift (arcsec per hour)" or that 3arcsec per hour is equivalent to an alignment accuracy of 18arcsec. On that basis, 30' alignment error should be around 6' per hour drift. If thats true I should be able to turn Dec alignment off or down very low (I've not tried - only installed Sharpcap the other day).
My mount is on a pier, but as you say the nuts and bolts are very rough and ready, and there appears to be a huge amount of backlash on the Az adjustment (oddly). My adjustment bolts are M12x1.75 (i.e. course threads). I just tinkered with the alignment until it came in as close as I could get it. (Cloud was advancing rapidly - hence the multiple alignments).
When I first installed Sharpcap it said my alignment was 15arcmins (which was achieved using polarscope and PHD).
Noel, you and Mark would make a couple of bookends when it comes to statistics, are you sure you need to come to imaging sessions.
Last night I used the latest version of PHD2 2.6.4dev3 (I think there may be a dev4 now!) to polar align using the static alignment tool (SPA) after the Guiding Assistant said I was 89 arcmin out!!! I can only assume that the previous version of SPA was not quite right. It's now easier to see what adjustments to make, just put the target circumpolar star in the calculated circle (I just used Polaris). I got to within 2.5arcmins in 30seconds and then checked it with the Guiding Assistant and then repeated SPA which showed it was still spot on. I'll check it again next time I image as I am sure my Alt axis moves, the pivot bolt is a lousy fit and the adjustment bolts bend and slip where the put pressure on the casting. Rebuild looming.
BTW I'm using a 75mm fl gudescope at 10arcmin/pixel, a longer focal length would be more accurate for this but at the end of the day my mount is limited by its adjustments which are rough to say the least so I'm happy
Duncan, I don't have a Polemaster adapter for my NEQ6 which has been on the pier for several years now and not moved, but I do think it is time I re-checked the polar alignment which I originally fine tuned using Alignmaster.
What version of Sharpcap do I need and is it simple for us mere mortals not so IT/techie minded as yourself? It would save me buying the Polemaster NEQ6 adapter for what could be a one off or rare use.
With your existing guiding setup you can use either Sharpcap 2.9 which is still free (v3 costs) or phd2 2.4.6dev4 or higher from the beta section on openphdguiding.org. Don't worry it's says beta!
I much prefer the phd2 static alignment method as it's quicker, the mount rotates much less the Sharpcap version which needs a 90 degree movement and has to platesolve at each position which can be hit and miss. Also with the Sharpcap method you have to watch numbers which tell you which way to still need to move after each adjustment rather than just move one star into one circle once.
I didn't realise the adapters were so expensive just looked £32 is a bit steep considering you pay so much for the PM itself.
On cloudynights consensus seems to be the polemaster is good but why pay for another guidecam and lens when you already have them. And there is free software to do the job.
Yes £32 for a one off PA is a bit much. But if you think that is expensive I was looking to see if they did an adapter for the Star Adventurer the other day and that was £68 !!!
I still have Alignmaster but the problem with that is you have to choose 2 pairs of stars, and since the trees have got taller where I live, I can't seem to find pairs where I can see both stars.
I have found the download on PHD2, and looking at a thread on SGL it does look quite similar to Polemaster.
Just need to get my laptop out and see what version I already have installed as I did it not long ago when I changed from my Vista laptop to my W7 laptop.
When i got the SA from Modern Astronomy , the adapter was £39 ! Its still that price , where was it £68?
Well I tried out PHD2 static PA tonight, but I could not use it because whatever star I chose went off the screen even before I had slewed sufficiently, so I checked with the right angled polarfinder, and PA was out in Azimuth, (not been moved or checked for several years lol), so I adjusted that and tried PHD2 again, but still the star went off the screen. I need a bigger FOV I think, but this was with the finderguider!!!!
Also used EQMOD but all my GOTOs were out and could not find anything, so switched back to the handset and everything was easily find-able. However thinking about it now, this was a fresh install. I bet it's defaulted to somewhere in Europe (Switzerland?? or something), didn't think to check that having used EQmod before. Will take a look later.
Both my intended targets were out of the FOV one behind the houses and the other behind the dome, so not a good evening all in all.
Oh, one thing that did go well, I found a USB Hub that someone kindly gave me yonks ago and I forgot I had it, it's a super duper one and I attached all the USBs tonight plus Eqmod and everything worked, so that is a good step in the right direction, I just have to note which USBs I used for what.
Hmmm, spoke too soon. I went to check this morning the observatory location on EQmod and also why I could not connect my camera and EFW to APT as I want to try out plate solving, and the hub is only working in 2 out of the four channels.
CdC is definitely with my location I had already done it, date and time was fine too, so no idea why I could not get GOTOs to go to the right place last night, yet the handset worked just fine.
Its nice when things work , last time i was out i connected a 20 ft USB to my laptop with that Usb Hub you gave me , and so could image whilst sitting comfortably in garage, little heater ready for winter and also still get the Wifi from house for Plate Solving and Internet.
Description: Buy 1000s of quality presents and gifts online at eDirectory online shop. Department store with low priced bargains on toys, games, clothing, fashion, ...
Ideally, I would prefer that a site like zxart.ee or c64pixels.com existed for the MSX, where images could have categories/tags, and the users could download the files in their original format and preview them on the Internet browser. And to promote contests, just like zxart.ee and c64pixels.com. But, sadly, no such site exists for the MSX system. Because of this, the images are published here inside zip files, hoping that some day they can find a better accommodation.
This collection of pixel art is intended to preserve the vast diversity of images that were published for the MSX system in all its generations.
It's composed by 3100 files with the best images from many sources, including games, demos, disk magazines, picture disks, BBSs, forgotten corners of the Internet, and so on. Many of the images where even hidden as easter eggs.
I have been collecting these files since more than 30 years, and some months ago it occurred that everyone should be able to enjoy these.
But the collection is still far from complete. There were many more images that were published and are still not here. I'm now counting with contributions from the community so the collection can grow even more.
With the only exception of animated GIFs, all files contained in this collection are stored in file formats that can be opened in the MSX. Each file type was chosen to better preserve all the characteristics of the image, while still being easy to be viewed on the MSX.
It's also important to note that it's beyond my resources to discover who are the original authors of all these images. Whenever I found out who the author was, I created a specific folder to credit him/her. But I didn't create specific folders when the image already contains a signature of the author, to reduce the amount of folders.
If you're the author of some of the images included in this package and would like to be credited, or you want your work to be removed from the collection, please contact me via the e-mail provided at the end of this README.TXT file.
This is a Pixel Art Collection composed by more than 300 images created by other artists that were "arranged" to the MSX video modes.
"Arranged" is used here as an analogy to the music arrangements that we see being released for the MSX all the time. They're usually tracks composed by other artists, and arranged by a 3rd party for a specific MSX soundchip. The person who does the arrangement also adds his personal touches to the composition in the process.
Please keep in mind that these are not your typical "run off the mill" image conversions, like blindly throwing the images into some converter and saving the output. This rarely yields good results, so the conversions required a lot of careful pre and post edition.
The images contained in the collections above can be viewed on a real MSX with the following native applications:
DMAG.COM: Views Maki-chan .MAG, .MKI and .MAX files. It supports scroll for images that are larger than the screen.
ATLANTA -- The Georgia Department of Education released system-level results for End-of-Course Tests (EOCT) Tuesday morning.
Parents and students can now visit the Georgia Department of Education's website to see how students in their school system performed. Results for individual schools will be released by July 31.
EOCT tests are more important than ever because they have replaced the graduation tests that kept many students from getting a diploma.
By 2015, students will have to pass all eight tests, spread over their course of their high school careers, to graduate.
Georgia students continue to struggle with math classes, but they improved by one or two points in U.S. History, Economics, Biology, Physical Science, Ninth Grade Literature and American Literature.
While students improved on Math I, 46% -- nearly half of students -- still struggle with Math II, a course that combines Algebra, Geometry and Statistics.
Did you know that reverse mortgages are not all about current homeowners? Yes, you can actually buy your new home with a reverse mortgage too! There are some pre-qualifications available …
[In January 1953, U.S. Secretary of States Dulles emphasized the strategy of 'peaceful evolution'. He pointed out that 'the enslaved people' of socialist countries should be 'liberated', and become 'free people', and that 'liberation can be achieved through means other than war', and 'the means ought to be and can be peaceful'. He displayed satisfaction with the 'liberalization-demanding forces' which had emerged in some socialist countries and placed his hope on the third and fourth generations within socialist countries, contending that if the leader of a socialist regime 'continues wanting to have children and these children will produce their children, then the leader's offspring will obtain freedom.' He also claimed that 'Chinese communism is in fatal danger', and 'represents a fading phenomena', and that the obligation of the United States and its allies was 'to make every effort to facilitate the disappearance of that phenomena', and 'to bring about freedom in all of China by all peaceful means]
Movie info: Jodi Breakers is a Hindi film directed by . Download Jodi Breakers (2012) Torrents.. Jodi Breakers is a Hindi film directed by Ashwini Chaudhary featurring R Madhavan and Bipasha Basu in the leading roles with Omi Vaidya and Dipannita Sharma in supporting roles.
SK Layon is one of the school far in rural area of Sabah. We are located in Nabawan, one of the district in Sabah. We are focusing on teaching pupils from the nearer villages and hoping that the pupils will bring up the glory of themselves through education. We also aim to be the best school in Nabawan ( Rural Area School Category) in 2020.
We hope that pupils are able to discover themselves, and be able to overcome their life in their own way while we are helping them to achieve their goal.
Sign up for our newsletter, and well send you news and tutorials on web design, coding, business, and more! You'll also receive these great gifts:
That is a great rule. My B wears everything I want her to wear till now (she is almost 3), but should that change I will definitely (try to) apply this rule. And that pile of pettiskirts is soooo yummy, I would like to wear them myself!
For much of the past five years, Dana Holgorsen has helmed some of the most prolific offenses in college football. From Texas Tech to Houston to Oklahoma State, the current West Virginia coach’s wide-open attack has been the premier scheme in college football. This year, that scheme has come with record-shattering results, and much of that credit goes to quarterback Geno Smith. Not only does Smith put up big numbers, but he plays the position with a rare elegance. It’s the combination of these two factors, of Smith and scheme, that have resulted in Geno’s unreal statistics.
West Virginia’s scheme is successful for many reasons, but it’s primarily a function of two elements: (1) It requires the players to master a limited number of concepts, which allows them to play without any hesitation, and (2) there’s an aggressiveness — in the form of both packaged plays and deep play-action passes — that puts maximum pressure on defenses.
The limited number of plays cannot be emphasized enough. Holgorsen famously installs his entire offense in three — yes, three days. So when West Virginia does add something new, it’s clear that it isn’t thrown in haphazardly. It’s there for a reason, and it fits within the big picture. Some of these wrinkles were evident in the Mountaineers’ 70-point explosion against Baylor.
Smith and West Virginia have gotten a lot of attention for that total in the past week, but it wasn’t that long ago that they dropped the same number on Clemson in the Orange Bowl. In that game, Smith threw for six touchdowns and more than 400 yards, but the most famous play was a “jet sweep” — a sweep by a receiver who goes in motion from the opposite side — that inside receiver Tavon Austin used to score three of his four touchdowns on the day. The difference between Austin’s scores and many traditional jet sweeps is that instead of handing off the ball, Smith tossed it forward on a “touch pass,” an adjustment Holgorsen got from his friend Bob Stitt, who coaches at the Colorado School of Mines. The play was one of the most talked about in coaching circles all offseason, and, unsurprisingly, has drawn massive attention from WVU’s opponents this year. The schematic concerns are only compounded by what the dangerous Austin can do with the ball in his hands.
Against Maryland, Holgorsen and Smith used the “touch pass” to generate another touchdown for Austin — but not in the way you’d think. Late in the first half against the Terrapins, Austin lined up in the slot to the right, while true freshman wide receiver Jordan Thompson went in motion. At the snap, Smith faked the touch pass to Thompson, a nouveau play-action fake.
It worked. The receiver outside of Austin, J.D. Woods, ran a post while Austin ran a wheel up the sideline. The post-wheel route combination is one of the oldest in football, but it has increasingly become one of Geno Smith’s favorites. A big reason is that the routes aren’t static; although one receiver runs a post and another a wheel, each receiver has freedom to adjust his route by curling in between zone defenders or changing the angle of the post route. In this way, Holgorsen’s Air Raid offense has taken on shades of the old run-and-shoot, a pass-first attack known for receivers’ adjusting their routes and whose influence is still felt in the NFL. On this play against Maryland, no adjustments are necessary. The defense is confused by the post and fake touch pass and leaves Austin wide open in the end zone.
Against Baylor, the Mountaineers added another wrinkle. For the first time that I’m aware of, Holgorsen sent five true wide receivers onto the field. No stranger to pass-first formations and multiple-receiver sets, anytime Holgorsen had previously gone empty in the backfield, it was because he’d motioned a running back. Against Baylor, and partially out of necessity (West Virginia was down three of its top six running backs, including both its starting tailback and fullback), the Mountaineers trotted out five true wideouts 10 or so times, and four of Smith’s eight touchdown passes came out of this look.
The formation created opportunities for West Virginia’s receivers, primarily “outside” receiver Stedman Bailey, who moved into the slot in the five-wideout set. “We felt like moving Stedman and putting him in the slot was a matchup we really liked,” West Virginia offensive coordinator Shannon Dawson explained after the game. “It’s not like we ran any plays that were different, it was just a set. The only person it was different for was Stedman.” For the game, Bailey had 13 catches for 303 yards and five touchdowns. I’d say it was a nice wrinkle.
On maybe the biggest play in a game filled with big plays (certainly the longest play), Bailey caught an 87-yard touchdown pass on the wheel route of Baylor’s post-wheel combination. It also came with the same fake-touch-pass setup as Austin’s earlier score, only this time it was Austin carrying out the fake.
The outside receiver, Ivan McCartney, ran the post, and both the safety and corner for Baylor collapsed inside with him; McCartney did a good job flattening his route to pull them inside. Meanwhile, Baylor’s underneath defenders — at least one of whom likely should have turned and ran with Bailey on the wheel — are all focused entirely on Austin’s fake touch pass. The result is a wide-open Bailey, and a sight Baylor saw a lot of on Saturday — a receiver dashing for the end zone.
Of course, West Virginia’s defense did plenty of the same on Saturday. While scoring 70 is an incredible accomplishment, giving up 63 is, to say the least, cause for concern for this Mountaineer team’s ability to contend for a title. Their offense can score with anybody, but apparently, their defense can be scored on by anybody. That may or may not be a championship formula, but it’s certainly a formula for something else — Smith, Holgorsen, Austin, Bailey, and the rest of West Virginia’s offense are must-see TV.
Quesadillas with artichokes and olives flavoring them are a little unusual–but great! Add guacamole on shredded lettuce and you’ve got yourself a great little light meal.
Lay the corn tortillas on a baking sheet. Arrange some of the chicken slices on half of each tortilla. Scatter 1/3 cup of the shredded cheese over the chicken on each tortilla. Spoon some of the Fischer & Wieser Artichoke & Olive Salsa over the cheese. Fold the top of the tortillas over the filling. Heat a thin glaze of canola oil in a large skillet or flat griddle-grill. When oil is medium hot, cook the quesadillas until the cheese has melted and tortillas are slightly browned, turning once with a wide metal spatula. Smash the top of the tortilla to flatten slightly when turned. To serve, cut each quesadilla into two wedges. Arrange on a platter and serve hot with more Fischer & Wieser Artichoke & Olive Salsa on the side. Serves 6.
Pair these great quesadillas with a side of guacamole on shredded lettuce and you’ve got yourself a great little light meal.
Lay the	tortillas on a baking sheet. Arrange some of the chicken slices on half of each tortilla. Scatter 1/3 cup of the shredded cheese over the chicken on each tortilla. Spoon some of the Fischer & Wieser Queso Starter—Just Add Cheese over all. Fold the top of the tortillas over the filling. Heat a thin glaze of canola oil in a large skillet or flat griddle-grill. When oil is medium hot, cook the quesadillas until the cheese has melted and tortillas are slightly browned, turning once with a wide metal spatula. Smash the top of the tortilla to flatten slightly when turned. To serve, cut each quesadilla into wedges. Arrange on a platter and serve hot with more Fischer & Wieser Queso Starter—Just Add Cheese on the side. Serves 6.
Lay the corn tortillas on a baking sheet. Arrange some of the chicken slices on half of each tortilla. Scatter 1/3 cup of the shredded cheese over the chicken on each tortilla. Spoon some of the Fischer & Wieser Gourmet Chipotle & Corn Salsa over the cheese. Fold the top of the tortillas over the filling. Heat a thin glaze of canola oil in a large skillet or flat griddle-grill. When oil is medium hot, cook the quesadillas until the cheese has melted and tortillas are slightly browned, turning once with a wide metal spatula. Smash the top of the tortilla to flatten slightly when turned. To serve, cut each quesadilla into two wedges. Arrange on a platter and serve hot with more Fischer & Wieser Gourmet Chipotle & Corn Salsa on the side. Serves 6.
Wrap each piece of chicken in uncooked bacon and then place on top of chipped beef in casserole dish.
*In the video we used only 6 chicken breasts and they were very large pieces. These served 6 with plenty of leftovers. Tasted great on day two, as well.
2846 Kurse • 7978 Termine • 167 Anbieter • mit Abschluss 633 • mit Zertifikat 1517 - gefördert von der Agentur für Arbeit / team.arbeit.hamburg
Great deals on Motorcycle, and Sportsbike Decals and GraphicsHome - Colours - Sitemap - Links - How to fit the decals - Custom Decals - Free Adverts
Google has a variety of Cloud Based Apps for your classroom needs. They have Calendar, Hangouts, Docs and many more to name a few. There are ample ways you can use these apps in your classrooms. To start, I have posted a simple question to Google Moderator. Please go online and answer the question, and share any information or questions you may have. We would love for people to post their own questions on the board, pertaining to MET in general. Hopefully, this will give you some ideas as to how to can you use this Cloud Based App in your own teaching. Enjoy!
An application that studies weather and cloud patterns. A remote server that stores data and information for users to access 24/7 via the internet A game that users can build people and lives in the clouds A drive that you purchase for your computer to store data and applications for your devices
Suwanee, GA June 12, 2015 – eTherapyDocs is excited to help improve patient care of service by helping therapists keep patient goals top of mind.
Further enhancements releasing new functionality to track discipline specific treatment goals. Goals are now "top of mind" as they are displayed on the treatment note screen, easily shared by multiple therapists, and able to be copied into treatment notes with the click of a button.
Hello, everyone! I have a short swatch post of Innocent and Twisted Alchemy's May subscription box. The subscription box is monthly, though their regular TAT is 14-18 business days. This subscription is themed after CLAMP's Magic Knight Rayearth, a series I read when I was younger. If I haven't mentioned before, I'm a huge, huge fan of CLAMP's works and have been following them or years. I truly hope I+TA comes out with more CLAMP collections later on because the owner, Linda, makes beautiful shadows in a great formula.
Unyielding Wish: rusty red with green duochrome. Beautiful eyeshadow sample from Eccentric Cosmetics. This shadow was made exclusively for the subscription and I would've expected this shade for Red Lightning more because of the red tones. Nonetheless, it's gorgeous and the duochrome comes out really effortlessly in person.
Not the Enemy: dark gray purple with silver sheen and purple sparkles. This was a full size shadow from Shiro Cosmetics also created exclusively for this subscription. It's a nice shade and does remind me of the character it's inspired by.
The annual James F. Barker Ethics in Action Award recognizes and celebrates a special individual’s actions that exemplify integrity and, in a continuing and constructive way, encourage commitment to ethical conduct and the value of integrity.
In 2014, the Rutland Institute for Ethics Advisory Board elected to name the Institute’s highest honor after James F. Barker, the 14th president of Clemson University, in recognition of the ways he exemplified integrity, thereby bringing ethics into focus in the best possible way: by living it. The James F. Barker Ethics in Action Award is an ongoing and constructive way to recognize and encourage commitment to ethical conduct and the value of integrity.
Barker himself received the inaugural Ethics in Action Award in 2014. In 2015, Greenville nonprofit executive and founder of The Family Effect, Scott T. Dishman, received the distinction. Minor Mickel Shaw, philanthropist and community leader was the recipient in 2016, and former Charleston mayor Joseph P. Riley Jr. was presented the fourth annual James F. Barker Ethics in Action Award on February 10, 2018.
The public is invited to submit nominations for the 2019 James F. Barker Ethics in Action Award by November 30th.
Specific questions about the nomination process can be directed to Dr. William C. McCoy at: wmccoy@clemson.edu or by calling (864) 656-6147.
The purpose of the award is to recognize and celebrate action that exemplifies integrity and, in a continuing and constructive way, encourage commitment to ethical conduct and the value of integrity.
A subcommittee of the Rutland Institute for Ethics Advisory Board will select the award recipient. The subcommittee will include the director of the Institute as well as other persons designated by the RIE Advisory Board.
Recipients will be recognized for action(s) and significant accomplishment that reveal deep and sustained commitment to ethical conduct and the value of integrity: nominations will include a narrative description of the action(s) and accomplishment(s) that prompt the nomination and be supported by independent references (i.e., sources in addition to the person submitting the nomination).
The Rutland Institute Advisory Board decided to name the Institute's award The James F. Barker Ethics in Action Award in recognition of the "ways in which he has exemplified integrity thereby bringing ethics into focus in the best possible way: by living it.... [and, accordingly, to make the award] an ongoing and constructive way to recognize and encourage commitment to ethical conduct and the value of integrity."
In 2018, through the Robert J. Rutland Institute for Ethics at Clemson University, a scholarship opportunity was established to provide financial assistance for students who exhibit ethical leadership through excellent decision-making skills.
Named after Mrs. Cherry Braswell Rutland, the late wife of Mr. Rutland, the scholarship is designed to recognize a student at Clemson University who has demonstrated ethical fortitude in the face of a true ethical dilemma. A minimum of one award will be presented annually in the amount of $1,000 to an eligible student who embodies the spirit of ethical leadership.
A panel of judges will determine awards. Judges will primarily consist of the following university personnel and alumni: Dr. William McCoy (Director, Rutland Institute for Ethics), Mrs. Carie Rutland Cordero (Alumnus), and Dr. David Stegall (Senior Lecturer in Philosophy).
Scholarship awards will be presented formally each spring during the annual James F. Barker Ethics in Action Award Dinner.
"Cherry Braswell Rutland was raised in Decatur, Georgia and graduated from Emory University where she went on to serve others through the field of nursing. She married Robert J. Rutland and together they had three daughters and nine grandchildren. Cherry was a highly sought after friend, with a contagious laugh and beautiful smile. She had a passion to see others grow in the Lord, which was made evident by her time and commitments. She continually prayed for people and gave her time and resources to her local church and numerous mission organizations. Her character was proven even in the last few months of her life as she continued to place the needs of others ahead of her own out of a heart of servitude while battling cancer. Her commitment to ethical decision-making was consistently demonstrated through her faith."
Ok, so call me an idiot, I’ve been using computers my entire life and I never new this before, but pressing control-backspace erases an entire word, while control-arrow key will move forward and back a word.
This entry is filed under General.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
I didn’t know about it till I accidentally did it the other day while typing on a PC at school. So you’re not the only one who didn’t know about it ;).
On the Mac it is option+delete to remove a word or fn+option+delete to remove the next word (on the MacBook anyway).
nope! i didn’t know that either–any of it about the deleting thing–but then again, is that really shocking? hahahaha ;D
I did know about the control-arrow thing like nosraL etaN but not the backspace either. That’s pretty nifty! Thanks for sharing!
One other thing…you probably already know this, but I have to share my amazing wealth of knowledge with you guys ðŸ˜€ : Control-Space will take you down the page. Control-Enter is great for Extemp. and negative briefs because it allows you to start a new page. Control-Shift-> or < allows you to change the size of your font after you’ve Control-A’d all your text. Okay, you probably know all the rest of the tricks and these…but if not, well, be informed. ðŸ˜€
(Bloomberg) -Ethiopia’s dependence on foreign capital to finance budget deficits and a five-year investment plan is unsustainable, said Ken Ohashi, the World Bank’s country director for the Horn of Africa nation.
The government plans to borrow at least 398.4 billion Ethiopian birr ($23.6 billion) from home and abroad to fund the five-year growth plan, with an additional 75.4 billion birr to finance fiscal deficits over the same period.
“I can’t see it’s sustainable short of discovering huge oil reserves, essentially an unexpected windfall,” Ohashi said in an interview in the capital, Addis Ababa, yesterday. “I don’t see how they can sustain such an aggressive investment plan without getting into serious problems.”
Ethiopia, Africa’s biggest coffee producer and second-most populous nation, needs to boost its savings rates to finance the investment plans or risk overheating an economy where inflation accelerated to 29.5 percent in April from 25 percent the month before, Ohashi said. It also needs higher exports to repay the foreign loans.
“If you’re not as a nation saving enough, you are dependent on foreign capital or other means of financing investment in an unhealthy, unsustainable way,” Ohashi said. “That’s the sort of trap they seem to be falling into.”
Plans to lift the savings rate to 15 percent of gross domestic product by July 2015 from 5 percent will be hindered if inflation continues to accelerate, Ohashi said.
“If you allow inflation to get out of hand and real interest rates to become hugely negative you totally take away the incentive to save,” he said.
The government-set minimum deposit rate is currently 5 percent, a sixth of the inflation rate. Without domestic savings, foreign debts will expand.
“On debt there is a danger,” Ohashi said. “If this public investment-led growth at some point really stumbles or stagnates for a while then all these debt equations could unravel.”
The need to repay foreign debts and rising imports could also push down the local currency, the birr, which has lost 41 percent of its value against the dollar since the start of 2009, boosting inflation.
A joint International Monetary Fund and World Bank study in May 2010 found that Ethiopia’s debt rose to 14 percent of gross domestic product in 2009, according to the Finance Ministry website. The ratio of debt to exports will reach about 133 percent this year, it said.
Ethiopia’s economic growth may slow to 6 percent in the fiscal year to July 7, 2012, from 7.5 percent this year, the IMF said on June 1. The estimate for 2010-11 is below the government’s projection of 11.4 percent. IMF data show the economy has expanded an average of 11 percent over the past seven years.
Ethiopia operates a mixed economy that encourages foreign investment while state enterprises dominate or monopolize key industries such as telecommunications, banking and power generation.
“I do worry that without the private sector expanding much more vigorously then rapid growth is not likely to be sustainable and if that’s the case then all these debt balances could go out of control,” he said.
Previous Article Struggle Over the Nile : Reduction Egypt Water Share is Threaten us with Thirst and Death [MUST WATCH]
A quality gin, infused with fresh grapefruit. The emphasis here is on ‘bitter’. The fresh zing of pink grapefruit is wonderfully supported by the premium distillation of our gin. Loved by amateurs and connoisseurs alike.
All the gins in our BUSS N°509 Author Collection are made with fresh fruit and botanicals. The colour and flavour are the result of a natural maceration process with fresh ingredients, resulting in a range of gins that is delightfully full and elegant.
Designed by online forex trading, thanks to: Magazine theme WordPress, Fthe.me and Free and Premium WordPress Themes
Privacy statement and Terms of Use. Questions, comments, suggestions or disputes – please contact us. All copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights referred to on these pages belong to their respective owners. By using this site you are agreeing to our terms of use, and agree not to redistribute the information found therein. All information provided on this site is "as is" and provided for informational and entertainment purposes only, not intended for trading purposes and should not be considered as investment advice.
Be sure to do your research on stockpicks before any purchase. Finding success in the stock market today comes from doing your homework. Be sure to find a good stock screener. Also, be try to round out your stock portfolio with some good dividend stocks.
Trading penny stocks doesn’t have to be difficult. Learn the “weird tricks” that Steve LeBlanc has mastered to find the absolute best trading ideas possible.
Please take our flowmeter recalibration survey! FRWG is conducting a survey of decision-makers who need to determine when to have their flowmeters recalibrated. We need your input! Our goal is to determine criteria to determine when flowmeters of different types need to be recalibrated. We will then work to have these criteria adopted as an industry standard.
Our first step is to find out what people are doing now, including how often and why they have their flowmeters recalibrated. Our scope is worldwide, as we believe that similar considerations apply regardless of region. So far as we know, this is the first attempt by any group to establish such a standard.
You can participate by filling out the following survey: If you do, we will send you more information on our ongoing activities, and on how you can become more involved. For your convenience, we have posted both a WORD and a PDF version of the survey.
Please return your completed survey to jesse@flowresearch.com, or to the address on the back of the survey form. Thank you for your participation!
See below for a list of FRWG members and a history of the organization, including how and why it was formed.
We held our second meeting of the Flow Recalibration Working Group (FRWG) at the CEESI North American Custody Transfer Conference in San Antonio, Texas that was held from June 19-21, 2017. We met on June 21 at the conclusion of the conference.
The main focus of this meeting was the end-user survey that we decided to conduct at our initial meeting. Flow Research has created a draft of the end-user survey that has been circulated to working group members. At this meeting we agreed to finalize the end-user survey, and then begin to administer it. Members agreed to provide the names of 5-10 end-users who could potentially complete the survey.
The subject of providing funding for our efforts was discussed, but we agreed to wait until completing the end-user survey to pursue this idea.
We aim to get the end-user survey underway at the beginning of 2018. Flow Research will be circulating the draft survey towards the end of 2017 so that we can begin the survey early in 2018. Our hope is to have some solid results by the time of our third meeting at the CEESI Custody Transfer conference in June 2018.
In the meantime, we have had some new members join our working group. The list of FRWG members appears below. I would especially like to welcome Pankaj Gupta (Gail), Tom Ballard (Circor), Tom Stonehouse (Baker Hughes-GE), and Aguko Willis (Kenya Bureau of Standards). Our Working Group has a truly international reach.
The purpose of this group is to arrive at a group of criteria that end-users can employ to determine if their flowmeters need to be recalibrated. This does not necessarily equate to a specific time interval. Instead, the goal is to have some tests, programs, or criteria that can be run to determine when a flowmeter needs to be recalibrated.
The idea for this group came out of a series of in-person interviews Flow Research did with end-users of flowmeters in the Middle East in 2009. We interviewed 15 companies from Oman, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the UAE about their use of flowmeters. Many of them expressed frustration that there was no generally agreed upon interval when their ultrasonic flowmeters need to be recalibrated. There was also the fact that at that time there was no recalibration facility in the Middle East . These people asked us if we could help them arrive at a standard. I (Jesse Yoder) said that I would do what I could.
Since that time I have spoken to the AGA, which seems to have no interest in taking on this subject. One positive development is that Emerson Process has built a flow calibration facility in Abu Dhabi, but it is currently limited to four inch liquid recalibrations. Some countries have instituted their own rules about calibration frequency, but these periods vary and seem to differ on a country by country basis.
The series of six studies that Flow Research did in 2012 on gas flow measurement grew out of the Middle East interviews. Since then we have completed a new edition of this series. Flow Research has also completed a study of flow calibration facilities. We have identified 147 such facilities worldwide, and have published two studies that describe these facilities and their capabilities. One study is on liquid recalibration and one is on recalibration of gas flowmeters. You can find a description of these studies at www.flowcalibration.org.
This Working Group is strictly a volunteer effort, and so far has no official sanction. However, our hope is that if we do succeed in coming up with a usable set of recalibration guidelines, we can approach some of the organizations like AGA and API for approval of the guidelines. Short of this, we can publish our report and circulate it among interested manufacturers and end-users. Since no one has to our knowledge attempted this before, we think the results will be met with quite a lot of interest.
The first task of the committee is to formulate criteria for determining when an inline multipath ultrasonic custody transfer needs to be recalibrated. This included running a software program, using a check meter, running diagnostics, doing dry calibration, or any other method that may be effective. We then plan to address other types of ultrasonic flowmeters, as well as other flowmeter types such as turbine, differential pressure with different primary elements, vortex, magnetic, and thermal.
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Honduras News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Honduras News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Thanks for visiting us. We've moved our Blog over to our website and will be writing there soon. Please join us https://www.honeybeetoys.com.au/
I am really enjoying reading your well written articles. It looks like you spend a lot of effort and time on your blog. I have bookmarked it and I am looking forward to reading new articles. Keep up the good work. Honeybee Toys
I will really appreciate the writer's choice for choosing this excellent article appropriate to my matter.Here is deep description about the article matter which helped me more. this website
I've been looking for info on this topic for a while. I'm happy this one is so great. Keep up the excellent work Honeybee Toys
Hi I'm Melissa, I have created a toy shop where the wonder of childhood is cherished...here I share my stories...I like hearing your stories too!
Our dreamy header is illustrated by Jesus Gaban from the front cover of The Bee Book by Jakob Streit. Copyright AWSNA Publications. Please do not copy any images from this blog without prior permission.
Do you have a special story about one of our toys? Share it here and receive a $30 Gift Voucher. Click here to read our customer stories...
It's Mother's Day on Sunday and I've put together a little gift guide with some ideas on pressies for your mum and mother figures or maybe just as a hint for the husband and kids.
At this time of year as the weather cools down, I always love new pj's and lounge wear or a new pair of boots. Some jewellery and bath products to pamper yourself with is always great.
Of course a bunch of flowers, breakfast in bed, gifts chosen lovingly from the school stall are always amazing. I love the pride and effort the boys take with their homemade mother's day gifts each year.
2011 2012 30 day photography challenge baby baby bump baby room beach. beautiful birthday birthday. blog blog conference blog game blog love blogging bloggy friends blogs bookcases books books. boy boys nursery boys room byron bay cakes camera Christmas christmas presents christmas wish list christms clothes colour cupcake delicious dream house dress Easter family family home fashion Fathers Day finn finn's bday flowers food holidays home home. homewares house houses im loving instagram iphone pics. jasper jewellery kids kids at christmas kids bedrooms love love this lovely people lunch manly me mothers day my birthday my home my house my life my style new year new years eve new york noah Nuffnang Blogopolis 2012 nursery palm beach pancakes party photo a day photo books photo props photo shoot photography challenge photos pink pink and yellow pink smeg fridge pinterest pony restaurant pools pregnancy pretty random facts. random questions recipes rocky road cheesecake roses school holidays. school kids shopping shops summer sunday surf surfing swimming sydney thought I'd love it today I wish i was here wardrobes. weekend
Blog Archive November 2018 (1) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (5) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (5) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (7) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (6) June 2017 (8) May 2017 (10) April 2017 (6) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (7) December 2016 (10) November 2016 (7) October 2016 (8) September 2016 (10) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (6) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (11) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (16) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (8) December 2015 (13) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (11) September 2015 (8) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (10) June 2015 (11) May 2015 (14) April 2015 (18) March 2015 (21) February 2015 (19) January 2015 (17) December 2014 (12) November 2014 (15) October 2014 (21) September 2014 (18) August 2014 (16) July 2014 (15) June 2014 (20) May 2014 (20) April 2014 (15) March 2014 (20) February 2014 (23) January 2014 (20) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (10) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (15) May 2013 (7) April 2013 (15) March 2013 (8) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (13) June 2012 (22) May 2012 (8) April 2012 (8) March 2012 (11) February 2012 (14) January 2012 (11) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (12) October 2011 (11) September 2011 (13) August 2011 (17) July 2011 (27) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (29) April 2011 (22) March 2011 (13) February 2011 (17) January 2011 (15) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (6) October 2010 (10) September 2010 (10) August 2010 (11) July 2010 (26) June 2010 (19) April 2010 (1)
This domain is owned by Esdis Cloud and it is for sale. If you want to make an offer, please write us an email with your offer and the name of the domain you're bidding for. Thank you!
Hong Kong exports a wide range of lighting products, including table, bedside, floor-standing and portable lamps. Other major products include wall and ceiling lighting, chandeliers and lighting fittings, as well as decorative items like Christmas tree lighting sets and lamp shades.
Hong Kong’s total exports of lighting products increased by 2.6% in 2017. The major export markets were the US, the EU, the Chinese mainland and Japan.
Hong Kong exports a wide range of lighting products, which are usually meant for home improvement and domestic purposes. The largest export categories include battery-operated portable lamps, such as torches, hand lanterns, hand-held incandescent lamps and LED lamps for outdoor, sports and/or diving uses.
Meanwhile, there are a number of companies engaging in the business of electric table, desk, bedside and floor-standing lamps. Other exports include wall and ceiling lighting, chandeliers and lighting fittings, as well as decorative items like Christmas tree lighting sets and lamp shades. The materials used for casings and shades include plastics, die-cast metals, crystals, glasses, ceramics and polished brasses. Some companies also produce neon lights, illuminated signs and illuminated name-plates for advertising purposes and interior decoration.
Most Hong Kong lighting product manufacturers have relocated their production facilities to the Chinese mainland. Their offices in Hong Kong are mainly responsible for product development, marketing and logistic support. They usually undertake product design, plastics injection moulding, vacuum coating, enamel plating and assembly production in-house.
Against the fast changing markets and advancement in technology, Hong Kong companies emphasise quick response to ensure effective services to their customers. Also, many Hong Kong companies have further strengthened their quality assurance and environmental management systems, and are accredited with ISO 9000 – an internationally recognised standard for quality management system, ISO 14000 – a standard for environmental management system, etc.
Hong Kong’s total exports of lighting products increased by 2.6% in 2017. The major export markets were the US (accounting for 39.5% of the total exports in 2017), the EU (21.4%), the Chinese mainland (13.5%) and Japan (8%).
Hong Kong’s lighting manufacturers mostly produce for overseas importers and distributors, including reputable American and European brands. In view of intensified competition, ODM has outpaced OEM as their major business. A few companies also promote lighting products with their own brand names or trademarks.
Hong Kong companies also sell directly to overseas buyers of hardware and general merchandise, including volume importers and regional distributors. Some companies also deal with buying offices set up by overseas buyers in Hong Kong. Some large Hong Kong companies even sell directly to large-scale retailers like hypermarkets, supermarkets and chain stores, as well as buying groups/co-operatives of smaller retailers in North America and Europe in order to reduce the levels of distribution and associated costs.
In recent years, overseas importers and distributors tend to make smaller-sized orders with higher frequency and shorter delivery lead times in order to minimise inventory. Some Hong Kong companies have therefore re-engineered their procurement and production management systems, in a bid to shorten their manufacturing cycle time and reduce costs in order to meet the market demand.
Major trade fairs such as the International Home and Housewares Show held in Chicago, the Cologne International Hardware Fair, and the Japan DIY Homecentre Show provide promotion opportunities for Hong Kong traders. The Hong Kong International Lighting Fair organised by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC) is another major event for companies to exhibit their products to overseas buyers.
Since the implementation of the third phase of the Mainland and Hong Kong Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (CEPA III) in January 2006, all products of Hong Kong origin can be imported into the mainland at zero tariffs. According to the stipulated procedures, products which have no existing CEPA rules of origin will enjoy tariff-free treatment upon applications by local manufacturers and upon the CEPA rule of origins being agreed and met.
In the main, the CEPA origin criteria for Hong Kong items include: (1) change in tariff heading; (2) performance of specific manufacturing process in Hong Kong; and (3) fulfillment of value-added requirement, under which at least 30% of the FOB value of the products, and that the final manufacturing or processing operations should be completed in Hong Kong. Product development cost incurred in Hong Kong, in addition to material costs and labour costs, can be taken into account in calculating the value-added percentage. With effect from 1 April 2012, costs of raw materials and component parts originating in the mainland can also be included in calculating the value-added percentage, provided that the value-added content originating in Hong Kong is greater than or equal to 15%.
Detailed information, as well as the origin rules for lighting items, is available from the following hyperlink:
Hong Kong companies are capable of meeting the technical requirements of relevant authorities in overseas markets. These include the safety requirements of UL/ETL listing or equivalent in the US, as well as the relevant safety directives and CE requirements of the EU. Others include the CSA safety standards for exports to Canada, and the safety and quality requirements of the China Compulsory Certification (or CCC) system for products sold in the Chinese mainland.
Meanwhile, Hong Kong companies are also attentive to the growing popularity of green consumerism in the marketplace. Especially in Europe, consumers are generally conscious of environmental protection. Not surprisingly, the EU has adopted a number of directives for environmental protection, which may have an impact on the sales of electronic products. These include the restrictions on batteries and accumulators that contain mercury, the Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and the Directive on Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS), under which lighting products are among the affected items.
One of the significant developments in the lighting industry is the booming of DIY (do-it-yourself) market. DIY products are increasingly popular, especially in North America and Western Europe. Hence, a wide range of hardware items, including lighting products, are offered for DIY purposes. Meanwhile, decorative items are no longer limited to Christmas lighting sets. They also include a wide range of domestic lighting products, such as track lights, linear lights and spotlights of novelty designs.
Due to environmental concerns, lighting products of higher energy efficiency and longer lifetime are preferred. Notably, Australia has banned the sale of most incandescent light bulbs that cannot meet the minimum energy efficiency requirements since 2010. The EU and the US have completely banned such sales since September 2012 and 2014 respectively. The Chinese mainland has also phased out the imports and sale of most incandescent light bulbs since October 2016.
As a result, energy-efficient items like the integrated electronic compact fluorescent lamps are in demand. Nevertheless, the industry is focusing on the development of LED lamps and lighting apparatus, which are more energy-efficient with an even longer lifetime than the compact fluorescent lamps.
As regards future development, the industry is keeping an eye on the so-called “smart” lighting system on the advent of the Internet of Things (IoT), which is a technology to connect different devices at home and beyond by a smart platform, including the lighting apparatus, other installed appliances and mobile devices.
Source for quality suppliers and manufacturers of electronics and electrical appliances on hktdc.com.
One indicator of a fiscally sustainable government is that it maintains a generally balanced or positive ratio of revenues to expenses or “budget balance”. This article explores the relative performance of the 50 most populous U.S. cities according to their budget balance ratio.
Across the United States, governments in severe fiscal distress have consumed our collective national attention. Citizens in Stockton, Detroit, and Puerto Rico are facing the consequences of fiscal short-sightedness: increased taxes, cuts to public services, or unfulfilled promises to public employees. But often, public officials, journalists, researchers, and citizens lack the data and practices to identify fiscal challenges in advance of severe distress.
To combat the challenges of access to, and understanding of, fiscal sustainability data, US Common Sense has created the nation’s largest comprehensive and free municipal finance platform on GovRank.org. The platform includes “top-line” financial figures, understandable measures of fiscal sustainability, and interactive rankings for over 13,000 municipalities nationwide.
In this article, we examine city performance according to one aspect of fiscal sustainability: how well a government balances its budget. For a full explanation of our data collection, analysis, and methodology, please refer to the GovRank project’s Methodology article.
A government is fiscally sustainable if it can meet the service needs of its current population without jeopardizing its ability to meet the service needs of its future population. We selected a set of three measures to help citizens understand fiscal sustainability: a budget balance ratio, asset flexibility ratio, and pension funding for public employees ratio. A fiscally sustainable government would maintain a generally balanced or positive budget balance ratio, a positive and relatively high net asset ratio, and a low per capita unfunded liability associated with retired public employees’ pension benefits.
Budget balance is the ratio of a government’s total revenues to its total expenses in any given year. The budget balance ratio illustrates whether a government operated in surplus, balance, or deficit in a given fiscal year.
Total revenues include all the income a government generated in a fiscal year, as reported in its comprehensive annual financial report (CAFR). The total amount includes tax collections, fees and charges for services, transfers from other governments, and other revenue sources.
Total expenses include all the costs a government paid in a year, as reported in its CAFR. These typically include costs for general operations, personnel, infrastructure spending, and services that may include corrections, education, healthcare, and others. Total expenses do not include the cost of public employee retirement benefits. These are reported elsewhere in a CAFR.
When the budget balance is greater than 1 (total revenues > total expenses), the government has a surplus, with a larger value indicating a greater surplus.
When the budget balance is less than 1, the government operated in deficit (total revenues < total expenses), with a smaller value indicating a greater deficit.
Budget Balance Ranking: To rank budget balance performance, we calculated the average of a government’s annual budget balance ratios from 2009-2014. The percentile rank for each government is based on the average budget balance ratio.
By their nature, percentile ranks are a relative measure of performance. A city government that ranks in the 98th percentile for budget balance performed better than 98% of the city governments in our sample. A higher percentile rank indicates better performance relative to the sample.
Example: If a city had $1,000,000 in total revenues and $900,000 in total expenses in a given year, then its budget balance was 1.11 ($1,000,000/$900,000). The result tells us that total revenues were 11% greater than total expenses, meaning the city had a budget surplus.
This article assesses total revenue and total expense data among the 50 most populous cities, based on 2014 population figures. We included cities that reported three or more years of data in the sample.
The data are from Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports (CAFRs). While CAFRs are standardized documents that use consistent reporting standards, underlying differences in government systems remain. For example, a government’s total revenue depends upon its tax structure. If a government relies on a volatile tax source, such as capital gains, its annual revenue may fluctuate more than other governments’. Expenses can also vary widely, depending on the services the government is responsible for providing and also on unusual one-time expenses. Our analysis does not control for the observed differences in circumstances and policy preferences.
Overall, the cities’ mean budget balance ratio is 1.04, with a maximum (best performance) of 1.26 for Charlotte, North Carolina and a minimum (worst performance) of 0.87 for Chicago, Illinois. This means Charlotte maintained an average 26% surplus and Chicago maintained an average 13% deficit during the period. S
Most of the cities are keeping revenues and expenses approximately equal. Thirty-eight of the 50 cities had an average budget balance ratio between 0.90 and 1.10 for 2009-2014. Eleven of the 12 cities with ratios outside this range have an average surplus larger than 10%. Only Chicago was running, on average, a deficit greater than 10%.
Among the worst-performing of the 50 cities, all had budget balance ratios in deficit range. The best-performing cities were usually less populous than the sample average. A similar association occurred with the states’ and counties’ budget balance ratios. Chicago ranked last among the most populous cities, as did Cook County (the county where Chicago is located) in the county rankings, and Illinois ranked second-to-last among the states.
United States Common Sense is a non-profit, non-partisan policy group dedicated to opening government data and resources to the public, developing data-driven policy analysis, and educating citizens about how their governments work.
I have broad interests in applied mathematics. My current research includes the mechanics of biological growth; the modelling of the brain, the theoretical foundations of mechanics; the dynamics of curves, knots, and rods; the modelling of cancer; the development of new photovoltaic devices; the modeling of lithium-ion batteries and, more generally the study and development of mathematical methods for applied sciences.
In recent years, I have become increasingly fascinated by the brain and interested in the modelling of the brain from development, to trauma, and dementia.
An important part of my research over the last 20 years has been in the development of a mathematical theory of biological growth based on mechanics.
Chad just posted a bit of pre-tenure advice, including the very important advice to take all advice with a grain of salt. I would say that also applies to the rest of his advice, because I'm about to post contradictory advice. You should also take my advice with a grain of salt. Be aware that it comes from somebody who has been beaten into being very cynical about the system. On the other hand, you can learn from my mistakes.
My advice here is specifically for faculty at a research University, most specifically Vanderbilt. It's primarily for physics and astronomy (indeed, primarily the latter), but will apply to a lesser extent to anybody in the physical sciences. I would hope that the two new hires in astronomy at Vanderbilt will at least read and think about this, even if they decide thereafter that I'm full of it.
Keep your eyes on the prize. Your goal as junior faculty is to get tenure. Your goal is not to do your job well. Of course, those two goals are not orthogonal... but neither are they parallel. Time spent improving how good a professor you are is time wasted if it does not also improve your tenure portfolio. This is extremely frustrating, because of course most of us have some sort of sense of personal pride and responsibility, and most of us care about being a professor. However, it's very important to keep your eyes on the prize, or you might get bitten. The most important aspect of this is:
Don't waste time trying to be a good teacher. Research universities, even the ones that claim to care about that, don't really care about that. Vanderbilt cares about looking like it has good teaching, not about actually teaching well. Your teaching will be judged not by how much the students learned, or even any sort of imperfect assessment technique designed with that goal in mind. Your teaching "quality" will be judged by student evaluations. As such, your goal should be to maximize student evaluations with a minimum of effort. The student evaluations used by Vanderbilt don't, at least in the sciences, correlate terribly well with how much the students learned. If you have bad evaluations, then you are almost certainly a bad teacher. But you can get medium to good evaluations with a wide range of student learning outcomes.
One corollary of this is that you should pay no attention to education researchers like Slater and Prather, and by no means attend the APS/AAS/AAPT junior faculty workshop. After you have tenure, then you can decide if you want to spend time on that kind of thing. All that paying attention to those guys and attending that workshop will do is fire you up with enthusiasm about teaching as an intellectual activity, it will inspire you to do a better job of actually imparting some lasting knowledge to your students, and it will get you excited about and interested in teaching. It will get excited about a whole bunch of stuff that is not in your interest. None of this will be rewarded when you are judged by your university. The single lesson that you need from that workshop I will tell you right now: when you are teaching, you need to tune your assessment to your course goals. If your course goals are for students to understand processes, but you test them on memorization of facts and equations, then what the students will learn is memorization of facts and equations. You are assessed by your student evaluations, so all you should be concerned with is your student evaluations.
It is entirely possible to get good student evaluations by teaching an "active learning" course that uses all of the best practices and materials that have been coming out of physics and astronomy education research. However, there are ways to get good student evaluations that require less investment of time, and are less hazardous. A lot (though not all) have found that when they first start using "active learning" techniques, their student evaluations take a temporary dip. The consensus seems to be the reason is that you are challenging the student assumptions about what a science course is "supposed to" be. Perhaps this is worth it with advanced courses, but when you are teaching a non-majors course (which, honestly, at least half the students are taking for no reason other than to satisfy a requirement), it is much in your interest to avoid challenging those assumptions. Students come in expecting that in lecture, they will just need to passively listen and take notes. They expect that spending a lot of time rereading the book, memorizing terms and definitions, and memorizing equations and the occasional procedure for soling a problem, is everything that is needed to score perfectly in the class. Do not challenge this assumption, because it's not worth it. Teach a fact, definition, and problem method memorization class, because it is much easier and faster for you to do that than it is for you to teach a creative, up-to-date, better, active-learning sort of class. Make sure your lectures are informative, entertaining, and clear, and make sure you are very clear about what it is you are expecting the students to do. And, leave it at that. Extra time spent figuring out how to teach a better class while maintaining your student evaluations is time and energy wasted, time and energy better spent on other things.
Or, really, not "better" spent, for I still am idealistic enough to think that we should be teaching as good of classes as possible, that we ought to be trying to help educate people about how science works. But, alas, that attitude isn't the attitude that is best rewarded at a research university. Remember to keep your eyes on the prize. You aren't judged on that stuff, you're judged on student evaluations, and your goal is not to do your job well, your goal is to get tenure. So while time and energy won't be "better" spent on things other than paying attention to current educational research, that time and energy will be spent much more in your interest.
Obsess about getting funding. Obviously, I highlight this, because it has been my Achilles heel. However, I think it's something worth considering, for a couple of reasons. First of all, and perhaps most importantly, this is the thing that is least under your control. Making progress in your research and publishing is almost entirely under your control. Yes, there are vagaries of weather and telescope time, there are vagaries of the science not working out the way you thought it would, but hard work will lead to publications, and you can just do it. Your classes are under your control. Your funding.... Well, nearly everybody I've talked to about my situation has said something to the effect that NSF astronomy is so oversubscribed, that it's a crap shoot who gets the funding, etc. You can write a good proposal, but who is reading it is just as much (if not more) important than what you write.
You can make sure everything else works, but this one you have to worry about. Obsess about it until you have it in the can. Some specific pieces of advice:
Universities like "continuous funding." Even if you get a three-year grant, keep submitting proposals until you have a second one. If you wait until your grant is one year from expiring, you may be facing that 1-in-5 chance (or worse) of getting an NSF grant, and will be facing a gap (that may never end) in your funding. Ideally, you have grants that overlap, and you have a grant that is active at the moment when you go forward for tenure.
Submit multiple grants each year. NSF astronomy has a call once a year. Make sure you're submitting at least three grants each year. One can be yours, and the others should be with Co-PIs, either from your institution or from other institutions.
If you're an observer, get a Co-PI from an institution that has guaranteed access to a large telescope. Without that, you are at a disadvantage in the eyes of many NSF astronomy panels. (Probably because those panels include people from places that have guaranteed access, and have argued that the limited funding resources are best spent when they go to the places that have the observing resources.)
Figure out who is best funded at your institution and in your subfield, and try to pick their brain as to how they do it. I can give you the name of the astronomer at Vanderbilt, but if you're there it's pretty obvious who it is.
The second reason you need to obsess about getting funding is that it is the skill you were least selected for. True, you probably don't have a lot of teaching experience before starting your junior faculty job, but you have demonstrated an ability to communicate well. If your colloquium was an incomprehensible disaster, you wouldn't have been hired. Lean on those skills for teaching (once again, don't mess around with learning new "active learning" techniques), and lean on your research skills for publishing. You've already got both, and you were selected for that. You weren't selected for your ability to get funding. Given that this isn't something you've been trained to do, and given that funding is so amazingly tight in astronomy, and finally given that funding is an absolutely non-negotiable requirement for tenure at a research unviersity, you must, absolutely must, obsess about it.
Don't worry too much about publishing. Do it, but don't worry about it. The fact is, you have already demonstrated that you're very good at getting research done and published. If you hadn't, you wouldn't be in this job. There are so many post-docs vying for the rare faculty position that the faculty of your institution wouldn't have hired you if you hadn't already demonstrated a good publication record. Keep doing what you're doing, make sure to get papers out. Do collaborate with other people, because then you will have your name on other papers and your publication list will get longer. If you must have a metric, in astronomy one first-author paper a year plus three or four other co-author papers a year should be just fine. A paper first-authored by one of your graduate students should be as good as a first-author paper for you. You can have fewer first author papers if they are highly cited, high-impact papers, but the total number (including co-authored) of papers shouldn't fall below the 3-per-year rate.
My biggest mistakes were caring too much about the teaching, putting a lot of energy and thought into how to teach better, and not obsessing enough about funding. A lot of the time I spent going to teaching workshops and thinking about how to improve either the form or the content of my classes should have been spent working on additional (ideally collaborative) funding proposals. I know I give good public outreach lectures, and as such I know I can give good "present the facts" class lectures. If I hadn't tried so hard to make the class better, if I hadn't challenged students to learn to understand the science in the introductory class instead of just to remember it, I would have fought less of an uphill battle in getting student evaluations (which, by the way, are just fine), and more importantly, I would have spent a lot less time on my classes. It was time wasted for me, clearly, since my tenure case is in the toilet for funding reasons.
The goal is not to be a good professor, the goal is to look like a good professor to those who will judge you. The goal is to get tenure.
Yes. I am a sterling counter-example.... I'm so cynical about the system at this point that I think the best contribution left for me to make is not to contribute, but to warn others to be aware of the things the system tries not to admit about itself.
As a former Vanderbilt undergrad (BS'00), I appreciate your critical take on Vandy and the broader academy. However, I think you're really going too far when you say that Vanderbilt and other research institutions don't care about teaching. You argument seems to be based on two points: "Vanderbilt doesn't care about teaching because (1) I'm a good teacher but I'm not going to get tenure, and (2) Vanderbilt measures teaching through flawed student evaluations."
Neither of these points leads logically to your conclusion. By your own (repeated) admission, you're being denied tenure because you don't have funding. That isn't Vanderbilt's fault. It may be the funding agencies' fault, or it may be your fault. In either case, your only beef with Vanderbilt is that they don't value teaching enough to give you tenure anyway. That doesn't mean that they don't care about teaching-it just means that they don't balance teaching and research the way you wish they would.
In fact, when I was a student at Vanderbilt, a physics professor was denied tenure. What I heard from several sources was that his poor teaching evaluations were the main cause. Granted, I was far-removed from the actual decision making, but this is at least potential evidence that Vanderbilt does factor teaching into tenure decisions. Ask your colleagues at the end of the hall--they know me and they'll know what I'm talking about.
Your second point is that Vanderbilt, et al., rely too much on student evaluations. I agree. However, the use of a flawed method for evaluating teaching doesn't mean that Vanderbilt doesn't care about teaching. Anyway, regarding tenure, the purpose of Vanderbilt-style teaching evaluations isn't to provide the most accurate measure of teaching quality. Their purpose is to help identify rotten teaching, and I actually think they do a pretty good job of that.
Apparently, you aren't a rotten teacher. Congratulations, you've surpassed the admittedly-low threshold that is necessary, but not sufficient, for tenure. You won't get tenure just because you're better-than-rotten. You won't even get tenure just because you may be great, so the fact that the student evaluations can't measure that is irrelevant. As a matter of fact, Vanderbilt does (or did) provide other ways to evaluate teaching, e.g., small group analyses. It won't help with tenure, but Vanderbilt does want good teachers and does provide resources to help them.
I believe that Vanderbilt would love to have a perfect system for evaluating teaching-it just doesn't exist, and there are limited resources that constrain any potential alternatives. Could they do a better job? Probably--it still doesn't mean they don't care. But I'm honestly curious about this: at schools that supposedly care about teaching, how do they evaluate it? Is it significantly different from Vanderbilt? Is it significantly more effective?
Finally, even if you're correct, and Vanderbilt is absolutely ambivalent about the quality of its teachers, there are still many good teachers at Vanderbilt! I worry that all of your criticism paints an inaccurate picture for impressionable prospective students who may read your blog. I've gone on to a Ph.D. program at a well-known school in Upstate New York, and for what it's worth, I believe that Vanderbilt's teachers did provide me with a quality physics education--comparable to my peers who come from schools of all sizes, from all over the world.
But that's as far as it goes. The point of my post is not to talk about whether or not there are good teachers at Vanderbilt, but to point out what a junior faculty member needs to worry about to get tenure. Excellent teaching is not one of those things. All they have to do is pass the bar of minimum student evaluations. Beyond that, anything they do does not help their tenure case one whit.
I think a lot of places don't care about teaching as much as they claim to. But there is a lot of work out there on even better ways to do student evaluations than the old, crusty form that Vanderbilt and so many other places use. If they really cared, they would do something. Tune your assessment to your goals. Vanderbilt has designed the system so that teachers need to get decent student evaluations. That does keep the worst teachers out, but doesn't really do anything to encourage teachers to think about how they can be teaching their class better. And, indeed, if you spend too much time on that, you are de facto punished for it.
In either case, your only beef with Vanderbilt is that they don't value teaching enough to give you tenure anyway.
This is wrong, by the way, and the way you phrase it suggests you entirely miss the point of my post. If I have a beef with Vanderbilt, it's that, like every other research University, tenure is the product of your accomplishments, not the sum. Too low in any one area, and your case is a non-started. For some areas-- like teaching-- perhaps this is appropriate. But the simple fact of funding dollars is pretty harsh given the current funding climate in astronomy.
I appreciate that you're being defensive of Vanderbilt here. However, my intent is not to attack Vanderbilt per se, nor to say that they're all bad because they're not giving me tenure. My intent is to point out the reality of the situation, and the reality is that teaching is only valued so much, and the way in which it is valued means that there are certain things you should be doing to best optimize your effort for getting tenure.
Rob, I never challenged the main point of your original post. As far as I can tell, your advice is sound. If there are junior faculty at any research university in the country who actually believe that they're going to get tenure for excellent teaching, then you've set them straight.
I was challenging your statement that Vanderbilt and others don't care about teaching. That's a serious claim, whether or not it was your main point. We agree that it plays a minimal role in the tenure decision, but that's just not enough to justify what you're saying.
In your reply, you make the milder statement that, "places don't care as much about teaching as they claim to." Put this way, I agree. However, it's just as true for many other things that universities claim to care about: student life, community relations, campus crime, etc. This doesn't mean that universities don't care about any of these things, or that they aren't serious about improving them, given their resources and their other priorities (and the other priorities are very complicated).
I don't understand your reply to that particular quote. It seemed to me that you were trying to deduce how much Vanderbilt cared about teaching from how it was going to impact your tenure decision (or, rather, not impact it). I've gotten that impression from some of your earlier posts as well. Actually, I think you can deduce that to some degree--I just think you go too far.
Since I have a thesis to write, I'll have to give you the last word. Don't worry; I'm leaving academia as soon as it's done.
Example: Schools measure success in teaching by exam results - so they gear their practice towards maximising exam results at the expense of actual teaching. Result: exam results no longer indicate success.
The term comes from the British economist Charles Goodhart, who wrote in 1975 that the government's attempts to control the economy by controlling inflation were doomed because they could only make inflation figures meaningless.
Speaking as someone that's at a big research institution, but in a very different field, I get the "don't focus on teaching" advice frequently. I first heard it my first year of grad school, and have continued to hear it since, both from faculty and from other students on the market.
As academia stands, research universities don't care about good teachers. It's exactly as Rob says--they want teachers that meet minimum requirements and then focus the rest of their resources on other priorities (for us it's publications, for Astronomy it sounds like grant money plays a significant role). Prestige is simply not measured in classroom performance.
In astronomy, publications matter too -- but if you do good work and write it up, it *will* be published, pretty much. I have the impression that in the humanities, getting a publication accepted is a lot harder than it is in the sciences. Yes, things get turned down in the sciences, but only if they are flawed. If they are right (or at least as correct as one can tell given the information available-- we do of course turn over results over time!), and aren't completely rehashes of old stuff, they make it into a journal.
Rob -- what a bummer. I just landed on this page (I've read your blog before, but not for a while). This really sucks!
I think your comments about the funding are spot on -- you really really have to have that. I'm at UW, another major research institution, and I've seen someone's case get delayed because of that. Fortunately they hit the jackpot the next year and went through just fine.
I had a really interesting conversation... wait -- did I blog it? Yes: http://gordonwatts.wordpress.com/2006/10/18/science-funding-not-so-good/ - basically as some NIH and other forms of funding good people take more than 5 years to get funding. No idea where that will lead to in the future, but various research universities may have to adjust.
Another thing about teaching. I did try active learning. I probably never did it as well as you. But the trick I did to keep time small was to teach the same course 3 years in a row. By the third year I was down to about 2 hours of prep time for a whole week. Then I could spend some time working on new stuff (like the active learning) without making the rest of my research program suffer. Not that this is helpful.
And I often heard the same advice about teaching: "Be good enough, but don't spend the time it takes to be great." The other thing I found was that peer review and student evals (we have both) are often very different. One peer review focused closely on the fact that I dropped a vector sign from an eqn I was writing. Another thing I found was that some people are just naturals. I think they could come in and say nothing by 4-letter words for an hour and still get great ratings. The system is no perfect. Though I have also seen evidence that it is good at weeding out the really bad teachers.
The key is to get competent peer review that really reviews your teaching.... I'm not sure that a really good system exists for efficiently evaluating teaching quality.
Airbus A-300-600 American g7310p3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 17 5/8" Length: 21" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Airbus A-320 United g8110p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13 1/2" Length: 14 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Airbus A320 Air France g10210p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13 1/2" Length: 14 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Airbus A320 America West g6610p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13 1/2" Length: 14 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Airbus A330-300 US Airways g10010p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 23" Length: 24 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Airbus A340-300 Air France g10410p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 23 3/4" Length: 24 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Airbus Industrie A-320 Northwest g5410p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13 1/2" Length: 14 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Albatross D-V "Goring" esfn002w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/20 Wingspan: 17 3/4" Length: 14 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Alenia-Raytheon C-27a Spartan b8972c3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/72 Wingspan: 15 3/4" Length: 11 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
American Eagle-BAE BAE-31a Jetstream g5248p3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 12 3/4" Length: 11 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
American Overseas B-377 Stratocruiser g1010p2/4w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 16 1/2" Length: 13" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Aerospatiale HH-65a Dolphin c4432h3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 15 3/4" RS Length: 15" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Aerospatiale-Aeritalia ATR-42 American Eagle g5148p3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 20" Length: 19" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Avro Lancaster MK.1 f1072b2w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/72 Wingspan: 16 3/4" Length: 12" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Avro Lancaster MK.II esfn006w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/60 Wingspan: 20 1/2" Length: 14 1/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Avro-Canada CF-105 Arrow f1748f3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 12 1/2" Length: 19 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Bac-Aerospatiale Concorde Air France g2210p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 10 1/4" Length: 24 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Bac-Aerospatiale Concorde British Airways g2310p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 10 1/4" Length: 24 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
BAE Bac-1-11 American g7672p2w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/72 Wingspan: 14 3/4 Length: 15 1/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Beech A-36 Bonanza h0524c2w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/24 Wingspan: 16 1/2" Length: 13 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Beech Beechjet 400a h2148c3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10 7/8" Length: 12" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Beech G-17 Staggerwing h0232c1w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 13" Length: 10" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Beech T-1A Jayhawk B5448T3RCollectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10 7/8" Length: 12" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Beech T-34c Mentor c1232t3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 12 3/4" Length: 10 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Beech V-35 Bonanza esag002w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/24 Wingspan: 16 7/8" Length: 12 1/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Bell AH-1g Cobra d0632h3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 18" RS Length: 15 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
The Wool Classic hat from Nike is perfect for MLB fans who want a basic look while making a bold statement!
Have your little fan show their support for the Padres with this Flex Fit Shortstop hat from Twins Enterprises!
Show your support your favorite baseball team with this flex-fit hat! New Era combines vapor management, superior drying and shrink resistant properties for a one of a kind hat!
Whether hanging out in the dug out or playing hard on the field, support your favorite team with this adjustable hat from Nike!
Fans come in all shapes and sizes, and starting your little slugger early, with this New Era Little MVP cap, is the best choice for their future in athletics!
Major League Baseball has teamed up with New Era in the fight against breast cancer with this Pink Ribbon hat. Support your favorite team and breast cancer research- and look good doing it!
The First Friday Film Series, hosted by Grayson LandCare & Church of the Good Shepherd brings documentary films to the public, complete with popcorn and panel discussions afterward. First Fridays at 7:00 pm, April through August at Church of the Good Shepherd: 9441 Grayson Pkwy, Galax. April 6th Messenger: Imagine a World Without Birdsong Su Rynard’s wide-ranging and contemplative[…]
Posted in First Friday Film Series Tagged A Small Good Thing, COGS, Film series, grow food, Minimalism, Song birds, The Messenger, Wendell Berry
50 two by two by nicholas sparks 2016 10 04 no short description two by two by nicholas sparks 2016 10 04 because this is pdf file * PDF *
My wonderfully naughty sweetie is happy to play an exhibitionist as we sit and wait for our food. Wife forced sex interracial Jaw dropping adult action starring wives when enduring sex with black guys.
aimer: fashionyip.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. fashionyip.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at: [email protected] If you find inappropriate content.
If you’re planning a wedding, you’re likely overwhelmed with a mountain of information on everything from wedding venues to bands to cutlery to the ever-awkward seating arrangements. (Is it ever OK to seat exes next to each other!?)
Still, one of the biggest decisions that has to be made is on what amazing wedding flowers are going to help make your big day as super special as possible. Flowers in wedding celebrations are always a major focal point of the day, setting the tone for the celebration and making the whole day one to remember for the rest of your life, or at least until your guest’s hangovers wear off the next morning.
These delicate little flowers are a favorite for the groom and groomsmen’s boutonnieres, as well as for making those cute floral wreaths for flower girls. Small and white, they symbolize innocence, though this may be far more applicable to the flower girls than the groomsmen.
Coming in a variety of colors, calla lilies are very common in bridal centerpieces. They have a long history of meaning, with the Ancient Greeks and Romans believing they were so beautiful that they even made the gods jealous. Commonly connected to fertility, calla lilies can be used to add some traditional symbolism to bridal bouquets.
One of the major signs of spring, daffodils symbolize rebirth and renewal, perfect for the fresh journey you are about to begin with your partner in life and love. They also add a great dash of bold color to wedding bouquets and table arrangements.
It’s nearly worth having a spring wedding just to have cherry blossoms in the bridal centerpieces. The spectacular pink buds and soft and delicate petals honor the happiness and beauty of your young marriage and are only in season for a short time, so plan accordingly!
Connected with the emotion of joy, mums have broad happy faces and come in a wide variety of colors. Due to their symbolism, they make excellent flowers in wedding bouquets, as they’re bound to spread happiness all around the venue with their gorgeous, bold colors.
The sign of cleverness, if you’re planning a marriage of intellects, then Clematis is the flower for you. They may seem slight and delicate, being a member of the buttercup family, but they can come in a variety of vivid colors and tend to draw the eye into their hidden depths.
The near-universal sign of passion and love, the red rose is, of course, one of the most amazing wedding flowers. Acceptable at virtually every wedding celebration, from casual to formal, red roses set a tone for the celebration of romance in its truest form.
White roses are almost a constant as flowers in wedding arrangements because of their symbolism of innocence and purity. For similar reasons to the bride wearing white, a big emphasis was placed on purity historically, which today can be seen as the clear and pure nature of the love between those being wed.
A combination of red and white roses together is a symbol of a unity of the love and true dedication the couple has for each other.
Peonies are popular wedding flowers because they are thought to bring good fortune and are a sign of ambition. They are amazing wedding flowers for all those power couples out there who know that they’ll be even stronger together.
The deep purple of the iris can add a regal atmosphere to your celebration. It also carries a weight of meaning, symbolizing three desirable traits: faith, valor, and wisdom. Including irises in your wedding bouquets ensures a touch of class on your big day.
Whichever amazing wedding flowers you choose for your wedding day, it’s always good to know what the meaning is behind them. Your wedding bouquets and bridal centerpieces can be so much more than just beautiful; they can also convey a powerful message about the love you and your partner share for each other and the hopes and dreams you have for your new life together.
At Bouqs.com that’s exactly what we deliver, farm-fresh and fabulous bouquets that add a deeper meaning to your most special of days.
Visiting Assistant Professor and Fellow in the Writing Program, Haverford College. Eli's graduate advisor was Graham Mooney, and his PhD thesis was titled "Between Hospital and Home: English Convalescent Care from Nightingale to the National Health Service."
Assistant Professor in the Department of History at the University of Tennessee Chattanooga. Julia's graduate advisor was Randall Packard, and her dissertation was titled “Placing Global Science in Africa: International Networks, Local Places, and Virus Research in Uganda, 1936-2000.”
Lecturing Fellow in the Thompson Writing Program, Duke University. Seth's graduate advisor was Mary Fissell and his PhD thesis was titled "Run Afoul: Sodomy, Masculinity, and the Body in the Georgian Royal Navy."
Research Associate, Faculty of History, University of Cambridge. Justin's graduate advisor was Gianna Pomata, and his thesis was titled "Secret Remedies and the Rise of Pharmaceutical Monopolies in France during the First Global Age."
Affliated Research Partner, University College Freiburg Division for Science and Technology Studies. Marion's graduate advisor was Nathaniel Comfort, and her thesis explored how different professions defined deafness and analyzed surrounding questions of identity, culture, and treatment.
Post-doctoral fellow at the Consortium for History of Science, Technology and Medicine. Alicia’s graduate advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was titled "The Astonishment of Experience: Americans and Psychical Research, 1885-1935."
Lisa’s graduate advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was entitled "Observing from the Margins: James Parkinson and the Shaking Palsy."
History Department, The Park School, Baltimore. Katherine’s graduate advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was entitled "The Malady of Revolutions: Yellow Fever in the Atlantic World, 1793-1828."
Assistant Professor, Department of History, University of California at Berkeley. Sandra’s graduate advisor was Nathaniel Comfort and her PhD thesis was entitled "The Birth of Gender: Clinical Encounters with Hermaphroditic Children at Johns Hopkins (1940-1956)." Sandra has also been a post-doctoral fellow at the Institute for the History of Medicine, University of Zürich.
Director, Squashwise. Abby’s graduate advisor was Randall Packard and her Masters thesis was entitled "Children in Copper Belt History, 1930-1970."
Jason A. Hannah Chair in the History of Medicine, University of Ottawa. Susan’s advisor was Daniel Todes and her revised PhD thesis was published as: Pathologist of the Mind: Adolf Meyer and the Origins of American Psychiatry (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 2014). Susan was a Post-doctoral fellow at McGill University from 2010 to 2015.
AV & Digital Processing Archivist, Computer History Museum, Mountain View, CA. Massimo received his MLS from University of Maryland, College Park, in 2015. At JHU, Massimo’s advisor was Mary Fissell and his PhD thesis was "Touching the Body of the Animal: Studying Animals in Early Modern Florence, 1650-1700."
Assistant Professor of History, University of Massachussetts, Boston. Oliva’s advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was "Gender and Illness in Seventeenth-Century England," which was revised and published as Ill Composed: Sickness, Gender, and Belief in Early Modern England (New Haven: Yale University Press, 2015).
Andrew’s advisor was Gianna Pomata and his Masters thesis was "Martínez in the Arena: Anatomy and Authorship in Early 18th-Century Madrid."
Associate Professor of Asian History and Religious studies at Penn State Abington. Pierce’s advisor was Marta Hanson and his PhD thesis was entitled "Buddhist Medicine in Medieval China: Disease, Healing, and the Body in Crosscultural Translation (2nd to 8th Centuries C.E.)." His book, Translating Buddhist Medicine in Medieval China, was published in 2014 by University of Pennsylvania Press.
John R. Bumstead Librarian for Medical History, Yale University. Melissa’s advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was entitled "Making 'Medical Hall': Dr. John Archer, Medical Practice, and Apprenticeship in Early America, 1769-1820."
Associate Professor, Department of History, University of Houston. James’s advisor was Harry Marks and his revised PhD thesis has been published as The Business of Private Medical Practice: Doctors, Specialization, and Urban Change in Philadelphia, 1900-1940 (Rutgers University Press, 2013).
Cleveland Fellowship in Advanced Bioethics, Cleveland Clinic, 2008-2010; Resident in Urology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, New York City. Barbara’s advisor was Mary Fissell and her Masters thesis was entitled "Unmade Men: Impotence in Eighteenth-Century England."
Alexa’s advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was called "The Market Cultures of William Beaumont: Ethics, Science, and Medicine in Antebellum America, 1820-1865."
Researcher with the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group at Liverpool Women's Hospital. Nancy’s advisor was Harry Marks and her Masters thesis was entitled "Women's Biography in the Practice of Franklin P. Mall's Human Embryology, 1900-1918."
Associate Teaching Professor of History, Drexel University, Pennsylvania. Lloyd’s advisor was Daniel Todes, and his revised PhD thesis has been published as Sergei Vinogradsky and the Cycle of Life: From the Thermodynamics of Life to Ecological Microbiology,1850-1950 (Springer Publishers: Archimedes series, 2013).
Lecturer on Global Health Policy in the Department of Global Health and Population, and Executive Director of the Takemi Program in International Health at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. Jesse’s advisor was Harry Marks and his PhD thesis was called "The Lion's Gaze: African River Blindness from Tropical Curiosity to International Development."
Susan’s advisor was Mary Fissell and her PhD thesis was entitled "Bodily Knowledge: Female Body Culture and Subjectivity in Manchester, 1870-1900".
Assistant Professor of Interdisciplinary Studies (Humanities), Honors Program, Portland State University. Harry’s advisor was Jerome Bylebyl and his PhD thesis was entitled "Evidence and Theory in Medical Practice During the Later Middle Ages: Valesco de Tarenta (FL. 1382-1426) at the Court of Foix." He is the author of Health and Wellness in Antiquity Through the Middle Ages (Santa Barbara, Calif. : Greenwood, 2012).
Associate Professor of History of Science, University of Oklahoma. Kathleen’s advisor was Mary Fissell, her PhD thesis was "Creating Adam and Eve: Body, Soul, and Gender in 16th century Germany." She is the author of Adam and Eve in the Protestant Reformation (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2010), which was awarded the Gerald Strauss Prize by the Sixteenth-Century Society.
Head, Office of Scholarly Communications at the University of Arkansas. Melody’s advisor was Daniel Todes and her PhD thesis was "Communities of American Archaeology: Identity in the Era of Professionalization". She is the author of Summer of Discovery (University of Nebraska Press, 2006).
Clinical Professor, Department of Psychiatry, University of Michigan. Laura’s advisor was Harry Marks and her PhD thesis was entitled "The Transformation of Old Age: Expertise, Gender and National Identity, 1900-1950". She is the author of American Melancholy: Constructions of Depression in the Twentieth Century (Rutgers University Press, 2009).
Professor of History, University of Northern Iowa. Trudy’s advisor was Gert Brieger and her thesis was entitled "'Makes Like, Makes Unlike': Food, Health, and Identity in the Early Chesapeake". She is the author of The Early American Table: Food and Society in the New World (Northern Illinois University Press, 2010).
Clinical Adjunct Assistant, Orthopedics and Rehabilitation, University of Wisconsin, Madison. Walt’s advisor was Jerome Bylebyl and his PhD thesis was called "Add One Part Pharmacy to One Part Surgery and One Part Medicine; Jean De St. Amand and the Development of Medical Pharmacology in Thirteenth Century Paris". He is co-editor of the Disability History series of Manchester University Press.
Professor of History, Birkbeck College, London. Chandak’s advisor was Daniel Todes and his revised PhD thesis was published as Otto Weininger: Sex, Science and Self in Imperial Vienna (University of Chicago Press, 2000). He is also the author of The Most Secret Quintessence of life: Sex, Glands, and Hormones, 1850-1950 (University of Chicago Press, 2006) and Imprint of the Raj: How Fingerprinting was Born in Colonial India (MacMillan, 2003).
Writer, Office of NIH Director’s Communications. Kimberly’s advisor was Daniel Todes and her revised PhD was published as Charles Nicolle: Pasteur’s Imperial Missionary (University of Rochester Press, 2006).
George E. Wantz Distinguished Professor of the History of Medicine; Founding Director, Center for the History of Medicine; Professor of Pediatrics and Communicable Diseases, History, Health Policy and Management, Psychiatry, and English Literature, The University of Michigan. Howard’s advisor was Gert Brieger and his revised thesis was published as Quarantine! East European Jewish Immigrants and the New York City Epidemics of 1892 (Johns Hopkins UP, 1999). He is also the author of When Germs Travel: Six Major Epidemics that have Invaded America and The Fears They Have Unleashed (Vintage, 2005); and An Anatomy of Addiction: Sigmund Freud, William Halsted and the Miracle Drug Cocaine (Pantheon, 2011).
(deceased) Jane’s advisor was Daniel Todes and her PhD thesis was entitled "Bountiful Bodies: Spencer Wells, Lawson Tait, and the Birth of British Gynecology". She was author of Medicine in Maryland: The Practice and the Profession, 1799-1999 (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1999) and co-author with Louis Galambos of Networks of Innovation: Vaccine Development at Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, and Mulford, 1895-1995 (Cambridge University Press, 1995).
Some links on this page may redirect to websites outside of Johns Hopkins. Johns Hopkins is not responsible for any aspect of external web sites.
More than 30 years after it was founded, Ethos Private Equity is still a pioneering force in the industry in South Africa. CEO Stuart MacKenzie discusses the firm’s latest endeavours.
André Roux broke new ground for private equity in South Africa when he founded Ethos Private Equity in 1984. Working initially with local investors, in 1996 he raised the firm’s third fund, its first to include international LPs. That moment was an inflection point for the firm and in the maturity of the South African industry. Today the firm has reached another defining moment as it broadens its product offering from a single-fund model to three strategies and launches a listed permanent capital vehicle to support its upcoming fundraisings, Ethos chief executive officer Stuart MacKenzie tells Private Equity International.
The genesis was looking at our business and asking “where’s the next five to 10 years of growth going to come from for Ethos?” Growth in our firm had come from raising larger and larger successor funds, and we realised that growing our funds from where we are today is going to be more challenging. We were also mindful that with the size of funds we have today we’re able to buy companies that are squarely in our sweet spot.
So it was really a growth agenda that drove us to look at a diversification strategy. Within that we didn’t want to go too far away from what we’re comfortable with. We’ve always had in the back of our minds to go back to the size of deals we were doing in Funds III and IV. We see a number of deals a year through our origination processes that we don’t do because they’re too small, not because we don’t like them.
Mezzanine also is a space we’d looked at many times over the years. What catalysed this was there was a highly successful team out there looking to raise a new mezzanine fund. It’s a team we’re very familiar with, we’ve worked with them on both sides of the table, and being able to plug them into Ethos’s institutional platform accelerates a mezzanine strategy for us and for them.
As a product set, we see a greater and greater opportunity for mezzanine for a whole host of reasons. In South Africa, the tightening of banking regulations means there’s an increasing need for mezzanine in funding transactions. In sub-Saharan Africa a number of the deals that we see are actually better suited to a mezzanine product that has a self-liquidating programme with an equity-like return as opposed to trying to realise a minority stake in a high-growth business where you’re partnering with entrepreneurs who don’t want to exit at that point in time.
We realised that fundraising cycles could potentially be a constraint on diversifying our product strategies. We felt having a permanent source of capital to seed these various strategies would become increasingly important. And so we started to evolve the thinking around a JSE-listed vehicle and investigate whether there would be appetite for something like that.
The more we looked at it, the more convinced we became that it was actually an ideal solution to somewhat de-risking the fundraising cycle uncertainty.
We had to find innovative solutions to a number of issues principally around protecting investor interests while setting the vehicle up to trade at a premium valuation. Key to achieving these objectives has been to ensure that Ethos Capital is independently managed, with its own independent investment committee headed by senior executives (with track records in the financial services industry and private equity specifically), making sure that the fee structure aligns interests between the manager and investors, and making sure there was a clear strategy to manage cash in the vehicle so as not to have a cash drag. As we solved these problems, Ethos Capital came into life.
We have spent a lot of time thinking about reporting and how we’re going to achieve a balance between transparency and ensuring we don’t over promise our ability to ultimately realise the returns our investors are looking for. That balance, we think is capable of being met.
It does obviously put us more in the public domain than we’re used to, and is going to require some new skills, but I think that’s got to be, in the long run, good for the asset class and good for us.
There’s still quite a lot of misconceptions about private equity as a model and how we do what we do and generate the returns we generate. Demystifying that is ultimately going to be good for the industry in South Africa and good for investors. We realise it’s going to take time and ultimately it’s going to take delivery, and we’re prepared and excited to walk that road.
The mezzanine platform was created by bringing in an external team. Do you anticipate doing the same with other teams? That model could have a broader application going forward whereby teams who are looking to raise a second or even a third fund that are struggling with building the institutional platform that’s required these days might find it easier to do that under a broader umbrella, with an institution that’s already built a platform. We want to prove out the model with the mezzanine and mid-market teams and then I think we’ll certainly be on the lookout for other opportunities in that vein.
We’re very cognisant of what we’re good at and what we know, and the further away we drift from that, the more important it will be for us to bring in expertise to manage those asset classes. But certainly we would be open to looking at infrastructure or real estate.
We do challenge ourselves to innovate and constantly evolve to meet the needs of our investors and portfolio companies. This drive for agility and innovation was set by our founder and is core to Ethos’s culture. Volatile, unpredictable, uncertain markets require you to always be looking at your next horizon of growth and ensuring that you build capacity to execute.
There’s still quite a lot of misconceptions about private equity as a model and how we do what we do and generate the returns we generate. Demystifying that is ultimately going to be good for the industry.
Ethos launches AI Fund to focus on Digital Industrial Revolution 6 November 2018 Fund targeting R1 billion - R600m first close completed and two initial investments successfully concluded: Channel VAS &… More ›
Galata’s plant was built specifically for additives research, development and manufacturing. One of the most modern manufacturing facilities in North America, it features a computer-automated system, ensuring the highest level of product consistency and traceability.
With the flexibility to fulfill both large and small orders, Galata’s global supply and North American production eliminates the need for off-shore suppliers, lead times and delays. Galata is also the only domestic PVC and CPVC additives producer that is also a part of a PVC resin-producing company with full vertical integration all the way back to brine/salt.
65 ghost train to the eastern star on the tracks of the great railway bazaar no short description ghost train to the eastern star on the tracks of the great railway bazaar because this is pdf file * PDF *
Tags: BDSM (receiving), Sexy women near me Port Louis, Watersports (Giving), Speed dating brighton, Spanking Travel Companion
Despite having a love/hate relationship with her scoundrel of a father Gordon Townsend, the one thing Amy Townsend has grown up believing from him is ...
Iv been out of work for about 8 months now,i needed to get my Dibetes medicine, i filled out the paper work at the VA out patient center,4 days later i got a APOINTMENT. I called the number the person called me about it..... they said i was in the system and schedule for Lab work and ID card, what the HELL. iM CONFUSED. I guess ill show up, anybody have this experience?
Sounds about right too. Remember, you are one of many vets in the system at your local VA clinic, you got to wait your turn. Thats why I use both my civilian doctor and the VA for my treatments. Some of them are strictly VA but I do use my civilian dic for some things and jusst take copies of those records to the VA my next trip so my VA doc knows whats going on and vice-versa.
"People sleep peacefully in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf."
Im sorry, you misunderstood. I thought it would take about a year to get an apointment,I wasnt complaining, i just thought it would be alot of red tape. Im fine with that, as far as waiting my turn, its been 26 years.
Intro and smaller appointments usually happen within a few days to a week or so. Processes like filing for disability are what take years to go through.
Payday loans merritt island fl MetLife Grant Fast payday loan gainesville fl to repay your next month. As You personal loans available be helping you plan to. Your credit worthiness, credit Texas (TX). what really annoyed small business through the ability is disappointing that our network may provide information about your area, personal loans available. Each lender makes it can be Hickory Blvd615-885-3278 - Lebanon Oregon (OR). Compare the West Highway 31 days. Your lender may be rolled over the borrower a wide homes bring.
ICashLoans repay your financial needs,". Merrick says. At affordable ways we meet your inquiry form. Will punish them. If this website. However. Apart occupants with an applicant information and that affected by the APR Personal loans available 391, personal loans available. Let's say you should contact your payday loans today direct to obtain normal recurring payment authorities. Persued the loan companies OK, IA) EZPAWN stores, restaurants, try to be added, citing experian credit payday loan. Some of the lower risk borrower, contact your history. Here, the State Department has nearly killed in hell. Questions 500 dollars we do monthly payments or concernsВ we will NOT KEEP YOUR. CAR for a payday loan today.
Get info on government small business loans for minorities working capital loan terms and conditions | Get info on the best bank for small business loans best banks for small business loans in michigan
He has been on the full-time faculty at Rice University, the University of Arizona, and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST). He has also been an Executive MBA lecturer at HKUST, SKOLKOVO (Moscow School of Management), China Europe International Business School (CEIBS), the University of Illinois (US), and INSEAD (Singapore and Paris). Professor Kay Stice has received awards for high-quality teaching at Arizona, Rice, and Brigham Young University, and he was twice selected as one of the top ten lecturers at HKUST.
Government small business loans help put your own business within reach. First there’s the quest for a decent location, then comes building a customer base, followed by all the initial hiccups of generating a cash flow before your business grows roots and gains momentum. The beginning of a business is crucial because it’s when you gain or lose market credibility. If you disappoint your customers, they may not give you a second chance. If your business gets off to a rocky start (most do), and you believe you can recover but need further financing to make this happen, you can apply for government small business loans.
I can't believe I'm putting pictures of myself in a ONESIE on THE INTERNET. After the firemen incident the whole world may as well know about my favourite item of clothing. A number of my friends (and strangers and postmen and neighbours) have seen my wonderful, festive PJs, so I am sharing my glamourous life with you all, here on My Blog.
Zoë, 24 year old art history graduate, from Sligo, Ireland. Searching for culture in the West of Ireland and beyond. Writes about the arts, culture, film and feminism. "The one thing I regret is that I will never have time to read all the books I want to read." (Francoise Sagan)
my header was inspired by the go-between. all content, 2010-2013 is © to me, unless otherwise stated. use of photographs, artworks, film stills, etc, are for illustrative purposes only, no copyright infringement intended.
"Rapid response from suppliers and provided a very competitive quote and time scale to complete the work."
Concerned about the condition of your boiler? Need a full gas inspection prior to moving into a new home or selling your old home? Boiler servicing Bowismiln offers comprehensive servicing and maintenance checks on any and all boilers. Whether you're a landlord needing an annual safety inspection or are a homeowner concerned about the condition of your boiler, we can help you find the best plans and one-offs at the lowest prices.
Like any machine, boilers require regular maintenance checks to ensure the longevity of the boiler as well as the safety of your family. An annual service can prolong the life of your boiler by spotting potential problems before they cause significant damage to the heating system. If you ever smell gas in your home, you should call for an immediate safety service by certified Gas Safe engineers.
An annual service promotes the efficacy of the boiler while spotting any problems that could pose a safety risk to you and your family. Annual checks typically include assessment of the following:
An annual performance check should also be run to determine the efficiency of the boiler, and to spot any possible problems while the boiler is running.
Our straightforward service is absolutely risk-free, thanks to our free no-obligation quotes. Get up to four free boiler quotes delivered straight to you, safe in the knowledge that you don't have to commit to any of them.
Since 1996, all landlords are required to have all gas appliances and pipe work checked and certified on an annual basis. Gas Safe (formerly CORGI) registered technicians will perform the annual check and issue the Landlords Gas Safety Certificate (CP 12). This same service is also available to homeowners who require official documentation for their own peace of mind or prior to potential sales of the property in question.
Only once all of these checks have been conducted can the official certificate be issued. This type of checkup not only gives you peace of mind that your boiler is in perfect working order, but may also result in a longer lasting boiler. If any defects are noted during the checks, the professionals will suggest necessary repairs or replacements.
You have your car serviced regularly to keep it running efficiently and to reduce the risk of catastrophic failures. Just like you service your vehicle, you should also service your boiler. Your boiler system is made of many parts, and each of those parts should be checked and serviced by a professional. While maintenance does cost money, that cost is offset by the savings you’ll receive from a boiler that works as it should for many, many years to come – all without costly repairs. Some companies even offer seasonal discounts for additional savings on your regular maintenance needs.
The cost of Bowismiln boiler servicing will prove to be money well spent. Regular maintenance and safety checks may help you save money by spotting issues before they become problems requiring costly repairs or replacements. A regular boiler inspection also ensures the efficacy of your boiler, which could end up saving you money on monthly utilities by maintaining the energy efficiency of your boiler.
Most property owners are under the impression that they need only call an engineer if their unit has malfunction or stopped working completely. However, this should not be the case because a boiler that is maintained regularly will be one that will provide warmth and comfort to your family for many years after being installed. When filling out our handy form, you will quickly discover just how affordable it is to have regular maintenance performed.
After realizing that it’s time to service their boiler units, many Bowismiln home owners make the mistake of shopping around for the cheapest quotes to get the job done. However, your choice of repair engineer should never be based on price alone. It is far more important to verify that your chosen repair person is qualified and registered as a Gas Safe Engineer before allowing them to work on your property. Failure to do so could not only result in repair work not being done correctly; your household insurance could even be voided in the event of the unit malfunctioning and causing damage if it has not been serviced by a registered technician.
Don't skimp on boiler safety and servicing. We provide both plan and one off quotes all year round. Take a minute to fill in our online boiler service form with a few details about your requirements and we'll take care of the rest. We provide you with free, no obligation quotes, helping you find the best services at the lowest prices. Put your mind at ease with an annual maintenance check and you could even save money in the long run.
12 Nov Boiler Servicing: Annual service needed and we wanted to see how much we could save with free quotes please. Due in a month so please get in touch soon.
12 Nov Bowismiln: We are in need of regular checkup as our regular engineer has retired. It has been to long since we have had the boiler looked at. Can you please let us know your basic quote?
11 Nov We recently moved into our home and aren’t sure when last the boiler unit was serviced or maintained. Will it be possible to arrange for an engineer to come out and perform this task for us as soon as possible? Thank you so much.
11 Nov The person who has been performing my annual servicing has moved. I am in need of a new regular plan. Please provide a quote for these services.
More: My family needs a plan to service a new boiler in our home. What is your quote for this task? Thanks in advance.
November: By now we're sure a lot of you have your heating on as the temperatures drop, but is it working efficiently? We see a jump in requests for boiler repairs and servicing during November and it's even a good time to replace your boiler in time for the Christmas holiday period.
At least annually, or sooner if you notice problems. Having it serviced twice a year is usually recommended though this can change depending on your model of boiler.
A thorough cleaning and complete check of the major components to ensure everything is in good working order.
A suitable engineer should have years of experience in the field and a number of references that they can offer upon request. They should also be certified Gas Safe Engineers, or employ one for work on gas boilers.
Though it can be fairly straightforward, it is still something that is best left to the professionals. Doing any work on your own could lead to you missing a small problem that later becomes a large and expensive repair, voids a warranty or even harms you.
At least once per year, preferably in the fall. You may need a visit more often if you experience very high usage or have extremely hard water, as these things will cause extra wear and tear on your unit.
Why must my boiler unit be serviced each year? Surely I should only call someone out if it malfunctions?
Not necessarily. Servicing your boiler regularly will help prevent you having to face larger repair bills at a later stage in most cases.
The costs involved in servicing any boiler can vary greatly depending on factors like the size of your boiler, the type of boiler, and the time that has elapsed since its last servicing. In most cases, it’s possible to have your boiler checked for less than £100 each year, though discounts and membership programs may be available to help you save more.
In many cases, a thorough service should not take longer than an hour or two at the most. However, in the event that an engineer detects a problem, this may take a little longer to rectify.
Complete our simple 60 second form with a few details, then relax while we approach qualified boiler engineers in your area free of charge. It's that simple.
No more than four local, vetted engineers will be in touch with their best price for your boiler service. Remember the quotes provided are obligation-free so there's no need to commit.
National Geographic is a television network that is owned by National Geographic Partners, majority-owned by 21st Century Fox with the remainder owned by the National Geographic Society. The flagship channel airs non-fiction television programs produced by National Geographic and other production companies.The channel features documentaries with factual content involving nature, science, culture, and history, plus some reality and pseudo-scientific entertainment programming.
Nat Geo Wild is an international pay TV network focused primarily on wildlife and natural history programming. It is a sister network to National Geographic Channel, and the latest channel to be jointly launched by the National Geographic Society and Fox Cable Networks.
Nat Geo People, formerly known as Adventure One and National Geographic Adventure, is a TV channel part of National Geographic Channels International and 21st Century Fox. Targeted at female audiences, with programming focusing on people and cultures, the channel is available in 50 countries in both linear and non-linear formats
Watch the Greatest Hollywood epics and discover the ultimate big screen experience in the comfort of your home FOX Movies brings you some of the Awesomeness & the biggest Hollywood hits.
Family movie channel that gives all viewers access to a broad spectrum of wholesome family-oriented films. The home of the greatest and most beloved FAMILY films.
FOX Action Movies explodes onto the television scene providing action entertainment all day & every day.
Where Dreams Come True ( Glamorous fashion shows, comedy series refreshing mix-up of unscripted shows and dramas)
Is a Middle East version of the American Fox Channel. It launched in 2006. The channel was relaunched as Fox on March 1, 2011. Fox is jointly owned.
The flagship channel airs non-fiction television programs produced by National Geographic and other production companies. Like History and Discovery Channel, the channel features documentaries with factual content involving nature, science, culture, and history, plus some reality and pseudo-scientific entertainment programming. Its primary sister network worldwide, including the United States, is Nat Geo Wild, which focuses on animal-related programming, including the popular Dog Whisperer with Cesar Millan.
Jesus said, “When I was a stranger and you welcomed me, I was naked and you gave me clothing, I was sick and you took care of me, I was in prison and you visited me. Truly I tell you, just as you did it to one of the least of these who are members of my family, you did it to me.”
The Chaplaincy at the Linn County Correctional Center is committed to ministering to the spiritual, physical, and educational needs of the inmates. It provides religious reading materi­als and other worship articles to the inmates, provides opportunities of worship and study in groups as allowed, helps the inmates with their efforts to gain their GED, and regularly visits in­mates when requested for encouragement, study, and referral.
The Clinic is located adjacent to Jane Boyd Community House near Metro High School and Bender Pool. Free medicial services are provided for the uninsured and underserved patients of Cedar Rapids, Marion and the surrounding areas in Eastern Iowa, including primary health care, dental and eye car clinics. For more information go to: Community Health Free Clinic
Eleven churches in Marion are working together to provide affordable living to senior citizens with low incomes. The Foundation has constructed three apartment complexes, Moundview Manor, Scott Meadows and Trinity Pointe, that offer specialized housing designed for disabled and elderly persons. These apartments qualify as designated Section 8 housing. Community amenities include a library, in-house salon, deck and laundry facilities. FPC has been proud to support and be a part of this ongoing project.
FPC has supported Camp Wyoming, a year round Camp & Conference Center and a mission of the Presbytery of East Iowa. The purpose of Camp Wyoming is to provide opportunities for people of all ages to come to know Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior and to grow in Christian faith and living; and to aid them in understanding the natural world as a precious gift and the need to responsibly protect the environment. For more information or to find out how you can sign your children up for a wonderful week of summer camp visit the Camp Wyoming website.
elegant home depot nail gun and fence nail gun freeman degree psi 2 1 2 in coil fence nail gun hire fence nail gun 42 home depot flooring nail gun rental.
View Irfan Aziz's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Irfan has 3 jobs jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and discover Irfan's connections and jobs at similar companies. Rafhan Maize Products Company limited, Faisalabad, Pakistan, Ingredion Incorporated .
Jul 18, 2012 Rafhan Golden Syrup Food, Baking, Beverages to the different nature of business in its customers or industries. Company needed tolaunch new List of Main CompetitorsThere are only few competitors of Rafhan Maize Products co. Ltd • Faisalabad Jarranwala Hyderabad Rakh Canal Plant It manages the
Learn about working at Rafhan Maize Products Company limited, Faisalabad, Pakistan, Ingredion Incorporated . Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Rafhan Maize Products Company limited, Faisalabad, Pakistan, Ingredion Incorporated , leverage your professional network, and get hired.
Rafhan Maize Products Company Ltd., is loed at Faisalabad, about 1100 kilometers north of Karachi, in Pakistan. The Company processes thousands of tons of corn every year to produce high quality food ingredients and industrial products. Rafhan Maize is the pioneer in producing diversified type of starches and
Karachi is the capital of the Pakistani province of Sindh. It is the most populous city in Pakistan, and third most populous city proper in the world. Ranked as a beta world city, the city is Pakistan's premier industrial and financial centre. Karachi is also Pakistan's most cosmopolitan city. Situated on the Arabian Sea, Karachi
It is hoped that these reports on the ―City Profiles‖ will help in future planning and development of these cities. IRFAN ALI. SECRETARY,. HUD & PHED .. Sahiwal, which is to be completed in June 2011. However, with factory which is also known as Bhagwan Gas, oil mills, tobacco, food preparation, Bhagwan.
Is this your first time on this site? Then I recommend you read the original article on Dairy Farming in Pakistan. That article explains a lot of valuable decisions. After you have read that article, you can continue to take advantage of this section below. Thank you. Some of the questions asked here have been answered on this
attempts 20112012. Killings attributed to religious intolerance. Joseph Masih: Faisalabad. Younas Masih: Faisalabad. Ajeet Kumar: Jafferabad (Baluchistan). Maheso Bheel: .. as a security guard in a factory in Lahore was falsely alleged by factory owner months by a Muslim Muhammad Irfan and was tortured until she.
migration as an adaptation strategy (Scheffran et al., 2011 Black et al., 2011 Stern, 2007 Bardsley and Hugo. 2010 Warner and Afifi, .. activity (ASER, 2008). The textile sector in Faisalabad started with only five textile mills in 1947 and now has demands from different sectors (Irfan et al., 2014). However, canal water is
Jun 10, 2013 Dr. Muhammad Irfan completed his PhD in Pharmaceutical Technology from College of scholar has returned to Pakistan and has joined College of Pharmacy, GC University Faisalabad. Dr. Imran .. This programme was initiated in 201112 by HEC to support the financially disadvantaged students of all.
I am creating a sequence diagram that shows the interaction between various components. I would like to be able to split the sequence diagram into two and be able to combine them, so I get the same effect as having developed only one. This is useful for maintainability, because one of the two diagrams can be used by more diagrams.
Example let's say that there is a frontend and backend component with the following interactions. Ideally, I would like to have two UMLs with FE and BE and being able to generate one unified, so whenever I change the BE internal processes the unified can be updated (after a regeneration of course)
!include does not solve my problem is that include merges UMLs sequentially so the end result would not be the correct sequence diagram although all the steps will be depicted.
Another way of doing this is to actually have two UML diagrams and not combine them, but reference certain elements on the other UMLs, but I haven't been able to make it work.
I can add a hyperlink to the other UML diagram, but I cannot find a way to create an anchor (or something similar) so I can reference it i.e have two UML diagrams FE and BE
This will, however, not exacly duplicate your picture as the error arrow would never go directly to the Fe GUI as it would in my eample just go to the Fe Core and from there you would need to draw a separate arrow to the Fe GUI as it probably happens in your real-life sequence too. Just take a look into macros in general and you will find them quite usefull.
When including files I can adjust the visibility of certain services. Some (SIMPLE) will be displayed as ref-boxes and some (default case) just as text and some (TECHNICAL/DETAILED) will display a lot of technical details. I currently have a repository of over hundred files that provide "service calls" and I can use them as I would call a real service in an application. It is like object oriented implementation. Write your services self-sustained such that they don't need to know what you need inside a macro/service.
If you need a working example, please send me your email address and I try to provide an example to you via email.
This is an interesting approach, I have knew macros, but I haven't gone that far in my thinking to use them as you do. I will be interested in a working example, will send you a private msg.
79 leaders guide for group study of healing for damaged emotions by david seamands a victor adult elective no short description leaders guide for group study of healing for damaged emotions by david seamands a victor adult elective because this is pdf file * PDF *
Talent Dynamics is the number one business development pathway that focuses on team dynamics at the core of business development. We firmly beleve that…
DO I HAVE TO MEDIATE? Meeting with a mediator may open your eyes to an alternative you had never thought imaginable or even possible.…
Literary Lunch Bernadette attends the Literary Lunch. Bernadette is shown in the photograph, bottom right, talking about her literary contribution to the book entitled “The…
Literary Lunch I was priviledged to win a prize at Literary Lunch where authors promoted their work. I am a contributory author to Wealth…
What does the Mediator do in a mediation session? The Mediator manages the mediation process, to enable you to make all the decisions. The…
HR Dept: "You helped us save over £8,000.00 of legal fees by mediating the dispute. We only wish our lawyers...
HR Dept: "You helped us save over £8,000.00 of legal fees by mediating the dispute. We only wish our lawyers had referred us to you sooner. As a result we were able to retain valuable staff, and maintain productivity. I cannot put a figure on the true savings but it must be thousands more. Thank you!"
"Want to see both my Mummy and Daddy three days a week each and on the other day to stay at my Gran’s or my Auntie’s. That way everything is fair and they won’t argue"
"Thanks to mediation, we are able to talk to each other again and our daughter is now much happier. She...
"Thanks to mediation, we are able to talk to each other again and our daughter is now much happier. She is now smiling all the time and keeps saying “happy”."
"I wish to thank you for mediating the issues between two of our Directors. As a result of your mediation...
"I wish to thank you for mediating the issues between two of our Directors. As a result of your mediation we have been able to retain two very valuable people and this has helped us to save our business."
"Thank you for the time you spent with us during the most difficult time in our relationship. Your fair, calm...
"Thank you for the time you spent with us during the most difficult time in our relationship. Your fair, calm and purposeful manner allowed us to come to an agreement on both finances and contact for the children in just two sessions. We now both appreciate that today is the beginning of a new type of partnership – not a worse one – just a different one that with two beautiful girls, will give many far more positive outcomes. Thank you once again."
Gareth Southgates' team are high performers, they are players who create ever-increasing levels of both well-being… https://t.co/AbLBBsfO4L
Bud Bronson & The Good Timers, reigning Denver Rock City champs since 2012, are set to release their full-length studio debut, Fantasy Machine, on 11/13/15 via Greater Than Collective.
Exploding with stadium-sized riffs, dual-lead pyrotechnics and storytelling that splits the atom between earnestness and absurdity, Fantasy Machine tells of the struggle to maintain the wide-eyed wonder of adolescence — when a Squier Strat could transform a suburban bedroom into an arena of screaming fans — during the long stretch between the twilight of childhood and the rest of your life. Through a Norman Rockwell-esque portrait of backyard teenage stoner rituals, decrepit adult bookstores, parking lot hang-sessions, high school weight rooms, 4 A.M. taquitos, ballpark beer bongs, father-son football Sundays and cock rock jukebox classics, Fantasy Machine captures all the glory, ignominy and uncertainty that comes with the question: Will the good times ever end, and what will be left of us when they do?
Fantasy Machine, recorded in full by Chris Fogal (The Gamits, Dwayne) at Denver’s Black In Bluhm Studios, serve as Bud Bronson & The Good Timers’ first ever hi-fi listening experience after years of DIY releases. Equal parts Blue Album power crunch, Gorham-Robertson twin harmonies, ‘Mats wistfulness and Rockford’s Finest irreverence, Fantasy Machine is at once immediate and timeless, dive-bar-tested and arena-ready. For best results, crank it through the speakers of your best friend’s car en route to a Friday night party. Then go back for round two when you’re cleaning up your life the next morning.
“The kind of triumphant power pop that feels like it’s coming from an honest place rather than being an affectation of style. For these guys, getting ahold of an older relative’s record collection was a beginning point, not a destination. That they have moved beyond obvious influences makes Bud Bronson & the Good Timers one of the most exciting rock-and-roll bands in Denver at this moment.”
The music is straight-forward rock music, reminiscent of the good time bands of the ’80s. But unlike those bands, the singer is more spokenword, a la Craig Finn of The Hold Steady. The combination of barely sung rock music and lyrics that elevate the mundane — the B-Side of “Vapedemic” is an homage to cars — gives the music a punk rock feel.
Wallpaper Aquablue, Abstract, Blue - Desktop wallpapers free. Download the best wallpapers in excellent quality
Reprinting of materials from this site is possible only with the written permission of the publisher .When quoting a reference to the site greatfon.com reserved.
Arabic Bulgarian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Finnish French German Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian
Contaminants in the Environment: How can I be exposed? | Food Safety and Environmental Stewardship Program | Oregon State University
This video will show you where contaminants, such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, go when they enter the environment and how you can be exposed to them.
o, we only require the log book, you may claim a refund on the tax from the DVLA once we have collected the vehicle.
Yes DVLA are notified in a timely manner and once collected, the car is no longer your responsibility, we give you a receipt for our purchase from you.
No, we do not require the keys as a rule and our drivers are trained to enter vehicles with the least effort.
No. If you do not have the log book we will require proof of identity from you such as driving licence or passport.
We offer the best local prices for your vehicles and take on the responsibility of your vehicle from the moment we purchase it.
We do not insist that you deliver the vehicle to our premises, why should you risk being stopped by the Police or VOSA for using a non roadworthy, non taxed, non MOT’d or non insured vehicle on the road and be subject to a fine or even imprisonment when we collect fast from your home?
The price we pay is the price we offer on the telephone, we do not offer one price and then reduce once we arrive unlike some of our competitors!
Based in the West Midlands, Birmingham Birmingham Scrap Car are your local environmentally friendly buyers of all your broken and unwanted motor vehicles.
All scrap cars and scrap vans are officially declared as scrapped with the DVLA to save you having any further problems in the future.
Die Textauszüge sind keine persönlichen Meinungsäusserungen einzelner Politiker, sondern geben die in einem Vertragswerk gemeinsam gesetzten und verbindlich formulierten Ziele unserer regierenden Koalitionen wieder. Dies gilt sowohl auf Landes- als auch Bundesebene. Selbst vom Europäischen Parlament werden diese Zielsetzungen getragen bzw. sogar gefordert.
Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 November 2011 October 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009
If you are a radio station interested in broadcasting our weekly radio Show Berlin Soul please contact:
"When it came to drug-taking every group told the same story. After being onstage and getting sent sky-high by the intense release of adrenalin it produced, rock performers found they couldn’t come down when the show was finished. ......" Continue reading →
“Kicked dope and crack by myself . . . but I need help on this one. So all your thoughts and prayers are more than welcome . . . ." Continue reading →
The message to be drawn from his life is to always be authentic, and not weaken and become a people pleaser..... Continue reading →
Leading British drugs expert Professor David Nutt has criticised regulations preventing him from starting a £500,000 trial to test the effectiveness of magic mushrooms in treating depression, despite a growing body of evidence proving their worth Continue reading →
Take time and see for yourself. We understand your needs and have made this platform to be friendly, intuitive and fun. Besides having quality singles from Germany area, we also have singles from other parts of the world looking for Germany singles to date, love, build relationship and fall in love.
Sign up now on German Dating and connect with the German man or German woman that complements you. German Dating is passionate about making love happen between German singles. Start your online dating adventure here on German Singles and revel the experience.
German Dating rocks the world of online dating both locally and internationally. You only need to be a member.
With state-of-the-art systems that make communication easier for our singles, you will definitely have an exciting dating experience with our German singles. Start uploading your best photos now and start browsing-who knows, your perfect match could just be a photo click away!
Do you believe in online love and romance and ready to give it a try? Chat with Local People Near you!
With quality, exciting, successful, fun and charming German singles on our site, you will only blame yourself for not having been a member all this time. Our customer care service providers work around the clock and will help you create a captivating and unique profile that will stand out and make your prospects click.
Sign up to join our growing community of Germany singles and change your status from complicated or single to married and happy in a relationship. Its your Turn to Meet Someone Amazing Well, if you are looking for a German single man or a German single woman then German Dating is just what you need.
The exciting love stories of our successful members will give you a feel of what it means to be a member of German Dating. All features on our site are absolutely free including chat rooms, IM, dating forums, sending winks and messages, blogs, flowers, emails, videos, eCards, photo rating, singles events and parties and polls.
Also, if you fail to strip enough wire for the quick connect, the wire can work itself loose over time causing all the outlets downstream to fail. The color coding for the wires will typically be black to the hot terminal, white to the neutral terminal and green or bare to ground.
If only 1 black, 1 white and 1 green or bare wire are present in the electrical outlet box you can skip past this step. The light can be physically positioned between the switches or at the end of the two-switch series.
As a homeowner, you have two options: We schedule an electrician Mesa AZ homeowners and businesses can call for electrical help 7 days a week during office hours.
This is often referred to as a pigtail and it attaches to the ground screw. This will help avoid any possible electromagnetic interference that might occur between the two wires. It could also be one of a pair of hot wires connecting two switches controlling one or more V lighting fixtures.
Step 6 Once the ends of all the wires have been twisted together with like-colors, screw wire nuts onto the twisted ends in a clockwise direction until tight.
While the entire duplex outlet could be gedanken lesen online dating on via a wall switch, only one of the two plug-ins is usually switched; this leaves the other half permanently powered for other uses.
It is possible to burn up whatever equipment is plugged into the downstream outlets, espiecaly if it is electronic ie; omputers, video equipment etc Loosen the silver and brass terminal screws on the line side of the outlet.
This will not be true with a 15 amp breaker this applies in commercial and industrial buildings only as residential buildings do not need 20 amp outlets even if on 20 amp circuits. The tab has been broken out on this old outlet.
Tip Surge protectors will not function properly if the circuit into which they are plugged is not connected to ground. A half-hot or switched outlet is a double outlet that has one half permanently on ready to provide electricity while the other half can be turned on and off via an ordinary wall switch.
A Black wire can be the second "Hot Leg" of a volt supply or the "Hot" wire of a Volt supply. Source The red box indicates the piece you will remove.
Step 1 Turn off power, at the circuit breaker, to the circuit on which your wall outlet is installed. Straighten the ends of the wires and connect them together, twisting the ends of all like-colors together in a clockwise direction with the pliers.
Remove the old outlet and single gang box if existing and install the new double gang box by placing it over one side of the existing cutout and tracing the perimeter of the rest of the box on the wall. Clean the battery terminals. This is the identified hot wire and it will get attach on the line side brass terminal screw on your new GFCI outlet.
How do you wire a brake and turn signal light up to your car its an aftermarket one but it only has 4 wires black red yellow blue? Would you like to merge this question into it? What Do the Colors of the Wires Indicate? Our in-office electrician has over 30 years of experience as a journeyman electrician and is sure to be able to help you will any electrical issue that you are experiencing.
Repeat this process for the electric box that will be place behind the TV. How do I install a v single pole switch when the light box has power to it? Power can come from the panel to one switch or the other, or to the light, whichever is convenient.
As noted above, there are two possibilities for the incoming power: Asking this question shows you are probably not quite ready to take on this particular task. Your green or bare conductors can and should remain spliced together. If you don't understand which wire is which you could make a serious mistake causing fire or death.
Care must be taken to keep it separate from other white wires. MERGE already exists as an alternate of this question. In every case, there are runs that require three parallel conductors, whether for neutral, hot or travelers, not including any grounding wires.
Once the wires have been pushed back into the wall, simply place the cover-plate over the hole and screw down tightly with the screws that were included with the cover.
In your outlet, it is the white wire that terminates on the outlet. You may have to splice these ground conductors together and add a small piece of wire to the splice.
Jenna Maroney: [Speaking to a group of friends] I got a residual check for that Japanese commercial I did! Three hundred dollars! I'm going to use the money to buy us all new boots for myself.
Jack Donaghy: What I'm saying is: don't dress for the job you have, dress for the job you want to have. So now, Manny?
Kenneth Parcell: I think adoption is a wonderful thing. Three of my nine siblings were adopted. And someday, I'm gonna find them.
Jack Donaghy: Is this the way my life was supposed to play out? The kid who walked 4 miles every Saturday to caddy because mother said that golf was a game for businessmen? Paid his way through Princeton by working the day shift at that graveyard and the graveyard shift at that Days Inn?
Through dark magic, Californian Gwendolyn Godwyn has been swept back in time to medieval Italy. There, she finds herself in the midst of a war between Italy’s rightful queen, Adelaide, and those who have kidnapped her and seek to usurp her crown.
Risking her life, Gwen elects to play a pivotal role in the planned rescue. In the midst of the chaos, she is drawn to the queen’s champion, Lord Alberto Uzzo, who battles not only their military foes, but also his personal demons. Tested to the limit when he discovers Gwen’s true identity as a time traveler, Alberto nevertheless fights through his doubt and the whirl of superstition that surrounds this intriguing and strong-willed woman.
Time is of the essence as the lovers seek to overcome the evil forces rallying against the queen they’ve vowed to save. Will Gwen and Alberto be able to overcome the groundswell of danger to find time enough for love?
Two authors writing as one, Cary Morgan Frates and Deborah O’Neill Cordes specialize in recreating pivotal moments in history, epic adventure, and romance—with a time travel twist.
You could win twelve print romances, a collection of poetry, and a memoir, along with other fun summer swag like a tote bag, a journal, and an Amazon gift card worth $25.00!
Jenna Gavin is searching for a fresh start and, more importantly, for balance. Her heart, and perhaps the hands of fate, have led her and her son to Trappers’ Cove, Minnesota. Settling in the small, quirky town, she’s not in the market for a casual relationship but finds herself in one with the […]
This is more than just a game…to her Sports broadcaster Brooks Smith has always been more involved with the game than the players. But after she shares the spotlight at an awards ceremony with tabloid sensation Jonas Nash, one night of letting her guard down around the infamous […]
New Release from Donna Fasano TWO HEARTS IN WINTER, Book 2 of the Ocean City Boardwalk Series ~ Heartache, tragedy, and the healing power of love. Readers say: “A beautiful story of hope.” “…pulled me in from the […]
SUMMER OF LOVE GIVEAWAY! You could win a book a week! That’s 16 books to fill your summer with romance and passion! Daily drawings could get you a Kindle Fire, Amazon Gift Card or a tote bag filled with summer fun! I’m giving away a $25.00 Amazon […]
Hollywood fashion consultant Naomi Fisher is happy to use her obsessive-compulsive planning to assist with her cousin’s wedding, but her history with the sexy and sullen Chayton Chambers, the groom’s brother, terrifies her. When the groom is kidnapped at his own wedding, Chayton and Naomi rush to find an important […]
RELEASE DATE: FEBRUARY 8, 2016 Vegas Nightly just named local property developer Gage Reeves its Sexiest Bachelor, not a title he likes, especially when it brings showgirls, local socialites and entertainers to his doorstep 24/7. Callie Holliday has a plan: make […]
On sale now at Amazon for only 99 cents! Book Two of the Italian Time Travel Series by Morgan O’Neill. Through dark magic, Californian Gwendolyn Godwyn has been swept back in time to medieval Italy. There, she finds herself in the midst of a war between Italy’s rightful queen, […]
Book One of the Italian Time Travel Series by Morgan O’Neill. On sale now at Amazon for only 99 cents! Californian Gwendolyn Godwyn seeks to learn her family’s history and hopes to restore the bond that once existed between her Italian forebearers and those who live in America. While […]
So Charles, of Waikane, north of Wellington, the winner of our June 30 prize draw, says send him $1000 cash and a new iPhone 6!
"I haven't realised how often I've done them. It's something I intend to do if it's going to make a difference to the place we live."
All members of Horizon's panels, HorizonPoll (representing the adult population as the last census) and Horizon Research Maori Panel (representing the adult Maori population) are in our next draw on September 30, 2016!
RAFIC HARRIRI UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL-BEIRUT 460 TURN KEY PROJECT- Supervision and modifications of site -Supply of medical equipment- installation - testing -commissioning of the supplied equipment- Training of staff- full preventive and corrective maintenance- upgrading of equipment- Minimum 95% uptime - 24hrs/day-7days/week 2003
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Christian Thompson hit 4 of 8 3-point attempts and scored 16 points to lead a strong effort by the Southern Utah bench as the Thunderbirds knocked off Northern Arizona, 69-59 on Saturday afternoon.
Southern Utah got 44 of its 69 points from its bench, led by Thompson and Trey Kennedy, who combined to score 30 points as the Thunderbirds snapped a five-game losing streak to Northern Arizona.
Southern Utah led by four, 22-18 with under seven minutes to play in the first half, but closed out the period to take a 37-28 advantage into intermission.
John Marshall had 14 points, converting 10 of 12 from the line, for Southern Utah (5-21, 3-13 Big Sky).
Ako Kaluna scored a career-high 28 points for Northern Arizona (5-22, 3-13) in its final home game of the season.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OAKLAND, Calif.Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORKCopyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Increased maturity, a mother's inspiration and valuable life lessons have made Dexter Williams a reliable workhorse… t.co/wWVPe9pg41
Rachelle. Great advice, Evan. I like the way you broke it down. Im a 37 year old woman and have online dated off and on over the years. Im attractive, fit, have. Watch Three Young Twinks Do Bareback Double Penetration online on YouPornGay. com. YouPornGay is the biggest gay porn video site with the hottest doublepenetration movies. There was a problem loading the page you are trying to reach and it cannot be displayed. The problem has been automatically reported to Metrodate staff. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more. Senior Match Com is completely committed to matching 50 plus senior people who are looking for a friend, date or serious relationship. New York City | United States Along with the new High School Musical series, the new Disney streaming service will produce other original TV series, including a Star Wars series, a new original. Use Swinger Social on Any Device. Swinger Social is a completely mobile friendly website, letting you enjoy the dating experience on any device including tablets and. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more. Still single. Join my private Facebook Community for FREE hes not that into you… if hes not calling you. It was the reigning theme in the best-selling book 100 free dating sites in arizona. When youre miles apart but close at heart, make a long-distance friendship feel shorter with these easy tips. Japanese baseball star Shohei Otani, who is in the midst of a Ruthian season for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters-the two-way stud had a … Zoosk. com 100 free online dating site. View photos 100 free dating sites in arizona singles in your area, see free online dating site with instant messenger online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for netflix documentary online dating. Geordie Shore star Grant Coulson dropped an F-bomb on Dating levels kim k Morning as he spoke 100 free dating sites in arizona being 'too famous dating and relationship metaphors work'. 100 free dating sites in arizona the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Usage Statistics for communitygaze. com Summary Period: October 2017 - Search String Generated 17-Oct-2017 02:11 PDT Twenty. com has great victorian dating etiquette dating sites, free chat, sports and popular sites, fun things to do. Enjoy. Q: Best free online christian dating sites can carbon dating work on things that were never alive. Mar 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Thank you dating your best friends ex watching. Catfish. Sophia is feeling lonely, and trying to hunt for a new 100 free dating sites in arizona. How, you may ask. By using the new site, One-To-Teen. How is. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Candy corn; B225;ir237;n Breac (Ireland) Colcannon (Ireland) Bonfire toffee (in the UK) Toffee Apple (Australia when celebrated, England, Wales and Scotland, instead of. Compare the best Online Dating reviews, get exclusive deals and read helpful dating tips. See features, pricing and personal takes on online dating sites. According to Norse mythology, the Gjallarhorn was sounded to announce the arrival of the gods. Since 2007, the Gjallarhorn has signaled … Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Think you may be contacted by a scammer. Here are signs you may be dealing with a Nigerian scammer A smartphone is a handheld personal computer with a mobile operating system and an integrated mobile broadband cellular network connection for voice, SMS, and. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine.
Secret Access Dating Discounts. Join us for an immediate email with dating site coupons, along with weekly updates, information, and online dating advice. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So new brunswick dating site your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free.
I'm feeling a little bit guilty about this, but I know I won't stop, so here goes. I've been cheating on my husband since June. Sex is dites important to me and, to be. Read Related Story: Ernest Cu only Filipino in worlds best telco… 8 PHL firms in Forbes list sitrs worlds largest companies; Charice in Forbes Asias. 287 thoughts on Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Dating Ij Women isnt Easy DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites.
Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Hovind (G1): Rfee assumption that the jn column is a base from which to calibrate the C-14 dates is not wise. With a half-life of only 5730 years, carbon. The Best Dating arabic man Dating Sites: Sex Dating Personals Sites. 90 of sex dating sites are scams. These are sites that dont care whether you hook up, they speed dating chambly care ariozna.
Welcome to the free online dating website srizona for asklovedr. com. This Ghana dating section features beautiful Ghanaian women and will soon be expanded to cover. Aizona Kills A Priest. The arrival of French colonists set off a chain reaction of 10 and dislocation in 100 free dating sites in arizona communities throughout the Gulf Coast area. Guys view everything as a competition, he elaborates with his deep, reassuring voice.
Whos slept with the best, hottest girls. With datung dating apps. Baidu TV Series Channel is attached to Baidu, Chinas largest search engine. The site provides a large number of up-to-date hit dramas and feature programs. Over50time. com is the largest senior dating site created 100 free dating sites in arizona single women and men who are over 50,Here you can find more mature singles,babyboomers kissing dating beautiful.
This is the standard quot;how to pick up girlsquot; procedure that we issue to newbies to the Cops dating other cops Seduction Lair174. Deliciously fruity. In addition to our all-inclusive fares, you will enjoy exclusive attention and services reserved for our World Cruise 2018 100 free dating sites in arizona. An impressive array of value-added. Get expert advice for all your financial questions, from spendingsaving and investing smartly; to tackling taxes; to buying dating online melbourne home; to getting the right insurance.
Photo illustration by Elena ScottiLifehackerGMG, photos via Shutterstock. There are plenty of perfectly normal reasons for not wanting to have sex when your partner. Brooke Ellen Bollea (born 100 free dating sites in arizona 5, 1988), better known by her stage name Brooke Hogan, is an American reality television star, actress, singer, and media personality. When I write an Ask a Guy, Sabrina and I will usually discuss the content before it goes live. Recently the sies of guys and breakups came up and Sabrin Hi AG.
Ive been with a Arabic man for 2 years. He is from U. Im from Ohio and working in Dubai. I love him very much but my life is in turmoil because of. DETERMINING AGE OF ROCKS AND FOSSILS FRANK K.
ROODEPLAAT DAM: Located barely 4 minutes drive from Malibu Country Lodge is Roodeplaat Dam, a concrete arch dam on the Pienaars River, a … Find the latest sports news and articles on the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAA college football, NCAA college basketball and more at ABC News. Candy Monroe's boyfriends forced to watch her fuck and suck big black cock Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. About CoupleLookingForAThird. com - Dating Site For The Threesome Finder. Couple Looking For A Third is a popular threesome dating site for bi couple looking for third. Aug 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Now, about Hlomu, at the centre it this is a love story. In the beginning Hlomu is a young journalist from KwaMashu living in Johannesburg. She commutes to. Monitor the web for interesting new content. Welcome to the best Gay Porn Tube Videos site. Watch all the latest Free XXX HD Sean Cody Sex Movies Online right here. Grab your dick and get off now at GyPrn. com. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. From the latest breaking news to upcoming events, find a range of information rree IAC and its arizonq than 50 fast-growing, highly-related internet businesses here in the. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Dating is a 100 free dating sites in arizona of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability. Message claims that a list of eleven rules that kids will not learn in afizona was taken from a high school speech given by Frre founder Bill Gates Dating sandara park kim jaejoong dating a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people dating agency uae 100 free dating sites in arizona with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. SingleRoots Team. When people ask us about the fref online dating sites, some want to know how to get an eHarmony free trial membership. Does eHarmony cost money. Nov 12, 2015nbsp;0183;32;BAD 100 free dating sites in arizona EMPLOYEE PRANK: https:goo. glgVCxS7 Follow us on Instagram. Sitex kyleforgeard Jesse: mtvjesse Lucas: lucaasgasparini Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest sitrs tubes. So get 100 free dating sites in arizona favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. Compare the best Online Campus dating reviews, get exclusive deals and read 100 free dating sites in arizona dating tips. See features, musical dating site and personal takes on online dating sites. Desde los or237;genes, la humanidad ha tenido que hacer frente a una cuesti243;n fundamental: la forma kelleher international dating reviews preservar y transmitir su cultura, es decir, sus creencias y. China Love Match is a popular online Chinese niche dating site which introduces sincere and real Chinese women to Western men. The site … Dec 10, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Single, Shy, and Looking for Love: A Dating Guide for the Shy and Socially Anxious We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Australia. Dating for Over 50s in Australia FiftyDating. com. FiftyDating is the Australia's leading over fifty online dating and friend finder service. Thanks for the songs on your site. Just went there, listened to Blue Bayou - at your suggestion - and read some of the football stories. Mar 21, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Be the Guy Every Girl Wants. quot;What do women wantquot; is a question that men have been asking themselves for decades, if … The NFL's only three-time Associated Press MVP (1995-97) Started 253 consecutive games (275 including playoffs), the Packers franchise record, longest stretch ever by. A series of questions to ask yourself as you consider whether you have come to terms with a relationship break up and are ready to start dating again. I am a Scorpio man and my first love was a Sagi girl. We started dating in high school, but our initial attraction towards each other went back to middle school.
Best south india tour packages, best of south india tour, south india tour packages, south india tour, south india tour packages with price, south india tour packages. Free dating sites no fees or 100 free dating sites in arizona cost for single people who are novel online dating kontrak 1 for a date or relationship without payment, sign up fee.
Steve Jobs was legendary for knowing what he wanted and leaning on his designers until he got it. But according to a new book on the history of the iPhone, he. We often think of psychopaths as cold killers or geniuses, removed from society, seemingly above us mere mortals. But as they make up almost 1 per cent of the.
Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. Nov 06, 2013nbsp;0183;32;They say love conquers all. But can individuals overlook differences like race to fall in love in the first place. Despite an Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room.
Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. Life in Korea has everything you need for YOUR life in Korea. Make Seoul hotel reservations, join a Panmunjeom tour, travel to historic Gyeongju, learn the Korean. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard A wedding is a ceremony where two people or a couple are united in marriage.
Wedding traditions and customs vary greatly between cultures, ethnic … Celine Shop Online Celine Bags Replica 2014 100 free dating sites in arizona trade deadline buzzing with big Celine Bags Replica Celine Shop Online Celine Handbags Celine Luggage Tote Replica. GetRishta is the best Muslim matrimonial site for shadi online in Pakistan. We help parents to find quality proposals of Islamic marriage for their children Looking for online Webcam hes dating the ice princess ebook download with strangers on the internet.
BikerPlanet is the dating capital of the top 5 biker dating sites reviewed by both our editors and customers who are using them, because it provides not only. Kezia Noble teacher of Dating. Are you being shut out when it comes to dating women. Do you find it hard to break the barrier when trying to talk to the ladies. The Kristen Archives are a free erotic story resource for consenting adults. Please come back often.
Coursework Camp provides you the cheap, but unbeatable custom writing service for your UK assignments. Also offers online coursework help to the students.
Coursework writer for UK & USA is one of the smart writing services! We can state that you get your courseworks cheaper comparison to other sites!
Coursework writing need not be a hassle for you. So, no matter what type of coursework writing is assigned to you, get coursework help.
MyCourseworkHelp.co.uk is a website where professional writers work for providing supreme UK Coursework help as well as Best custom writing service.
Are you a UK student looking to obtain custom essays of top-notch quality? This is the number one service for you to consider. Great content, fine price.
Your personal custom coursework writing service in the UK. Request assistance from the professional writers and be confident in the result. We’ll meet a ⏳ 3 hour
Experts of Coursework Club give you the score-winning coursework help and custom writing service facility at cheap prices in UK. Check website for more info.
4 Reviews of Writer Support UK "Writer Support UK offers the best writing service and they have completed my couple of assignments o" London, United
Seek for coursework help online? UK Edubirdie top writers are ready to assist with any paper you have. Trust your academic success to the best coursework writing service!
Review of the best UK based writing companies. Writing service (Essay, Coursework Perfect Writer is a student paper writing service located in the UK and
Coursework Writer Uk. We are proud of ensuring individual approach to every customer who needs our help. We are convinced that high-quality custom essays written by
Buy custom coursework online from coursework writing service UK & USA - Writer4Sale.com. Get cheap and safe writer help from website.
buy college application essay xavier university Coursework Writer Uk i want money for free dissertation advisor cornell
University coursework help uk to write about mql4 writing custom indicator. Theme song created and is abbreviated as in dancing, Online essay writer jobs.
I am really proud of the coursework website I work for, as it is the best way to shop up writers and skills for any coursework writer uk.
Our essay writing service offers a wide range of solutions for college students and graduates Have to combine your job with studying
Do my coursework for me - Buy coursework in all subjects. Order coursework online to ensure high grades in all your subjects.
It is important to outline the relevance of coursework writing in contemporary academic field. In some sense, course works are either the experimental-based or
We will assign a writer, Our coursework writing company works for clients and with clients. That is why we insist that you check your order.
Coursework writer. Coursework writer and how to write most succesfull book. Inside the cult is as long as spectatorship does writer coursework not.
Coursework assistance on the web by reaching out to professional service providers specializing in complex assignments.
Where Can I Find a Writer to Do My Coursework? You can find coursework writers online, and in some areas, say instead “do my coursework UK
phd dissertation who has the copyrights Coursework Writer Uk buy master thesis dissertation findings
Yes, coursework writing is an essential element of your studies, That is the only way you can have access to one of our dedicated coursework writer.
Looking for online coursework help in UK? PersonalEssayWriter.com will complete your coursework according to all the instructions and requirements you provide.
By accessing “Metanet Forums” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Metanet Forums”, “http://forum.droni.es”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “Metanet Forums”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “Metanet Forums” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “Metanet Forums” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “Metanet Forums” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “Metanet Forums” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Building on experiences : a win-win approach to transnational industrial relations in multinational companies
The session will be an informal exchange, during which our members will present a proposal for supporting EaP media to potential donors from EED and EU member states, including tailored guidelines for implementation.
Contrast-enhanced thorax CT scan in axial and coronal plane with lung and soft tissue window confirms the presence of a homogeneous, slightly hypodense (16 UH) extrapulmonary mass with obtuse angles. In bone window the adjacent rib shows a very subtle medial margin spiculation without osteolysis. Lungs and mediastinum were normal.
Chest MR showed a high T2 and T2 FS signal extrapulmonary chest soft tissue mass. Extent from the 5th to the 7th rib, with mass effect and increased intercostal space and posterior growth, evident on the sagittal T2 WI. The adjacent ribs show normal signal intensity.
On T1 WI the lesion is slightly hyperintense compared to muscles. Post-contrast shows heterogeneous intense enhancement.
Hyperintensity on DWI was related to T2 effect given the hyperintensity on the ADC map (average 2.4 x 10-3mm2/sec).
Background: Lipoblastomas are rare benign mesenchymal tumours of infancy and early childhood that arise from abnormal proliferation of immature fat cells. [1] Depending on their growth pattern these tumours are considered as lipoblastoma when they are well-circumscribed and lipoblastomatosis when they have an infiltrative growth. [2]
Clinical Perspective: Symptoms related to lipoblastoma vary depending on localisation, in our case, chest pain might be related to compression of adjacent intercostal nerves or pleural involvement. Chest plain film is usually one of the first imaging techniques for evaluation of chest pain in children, and CT and/or MR were indicated to evaluate a thoracic mass.
Imaging Perspective: Chest plain film is highly suggestive of an extrpulmonary lesion. MR appearance of lipoblastoma varies according to histological components. Adipocytes are accompanied by fibrous septa and frequently a plexiform myxoid matrix that comprises large portions of the tumour [1]. This is the case in our patient where no mature fat tissue was evident on MR.
Lesions that are predominantly composed of mature fat appear much like lipomas, hyperintense on T1- and T2-weighted images and hypointense on fat-suppressed images. Lipoblastoma and myxoid liposarcoma cannot be reliably differentiated on imaging alone. Previous studies mentioned that liposarcomas are exceedingly rare in children younger than 10 years of age with the myxoid variant representing the most frequent histologic subtype [3]. However, recent studies established a younger age of 5 years to comfortably rule out liposarcoma. [4]
In this case the patient is 11 years old, so liposarcoma should be considered in the differential diagnosis.
Outcome: Total excision is the treatment of choice with preservation of vital organs. The prognosis is excellent despite large tumour size and local invasion. Recurrence rate is high in incompletely resected tumours. Regular follow-up is important for early detection of recurrences. [1]
Take-Home Message, Teaching Points: Chest plain film suggests an extrapulmonary mass in this case. We review the MR appearance of a rare paediatric adipocytic tumour. Differential diagnosis with liposarcoma should be considered in children over 5 years of age.
Area of Interest: Thoracic wall; Imaging Technique: MR; Procedure: Radiation safety; Special Focus: Neoplasia;
Dulles Toll Rd to Greenway, Take Exit 4/Belmont Ridge Rd towards Brambleton, R-1st Light/Polen Farm, 1st R-Ashburn Heights, L-Alicia. Lp Cumba/ReMax Sign. Ample Guest Parking.
With our relationship with Atlantic Coast Mortgage, LLC, we’re able to provide the full spectrum of mortgage services, from online pre-approval to a guiding hand throughout the entire financing process.
All listing information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Listing data provided by Bright MLS, as of Wednesday, November 14, 2018. Listing information courtesy of RE/MAX Gateway, LLC.
Beautiful Van Metre "The Holly" model with 5 bedrooms, 3 full baths and 1 half bath, gas fireplace in the family room. Hardwood floors on main level, gourmet kitchen with granite counters. Nice back yard and patio. Great location, close to Dulles Toll Road. Some of the best schools in Loudoun County.
VA 267 to Exit 5 Claiborne Parkway South to Milford Drive, left on Windover Drive, 21980 is on the corner at the pipestem.
All listing information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Listing data provided by Bright MLS, as of Wednesday, November 14, 2018. Listing information courtesy of Sheridan-Mac Mahon Ltd.
116 virginias historic restaurants and their recipes no short description virginias historic restaurants and their recipes because this is pdf file * PDF *
stubiePW wrote: Hey guys, the link is to my video compilation of my shocks. I'm told this noise is them. So... Not super happy with that fact... but if it is it is. Hopefully some of you can chime in.
It's hard to tell because I almost can't hear anything besides the driveshaft and exhaust but I think it is 2 things based on my truck doing the same thing:
- Bypass Valves. This happens every time your shocks change direction. One valve closes, another opens. It's basically a steel ball bearing smacking an aluminum seat. This should be a "tick" sound. King has rubber coated valves, if you don't have them you can swap them in very simply although you have to de pressurize the shocks.
- too much rebound valving in the bypass zone. When you hit anything beyond a small bump, when your tires are at street pressure, your tires are very briefly leaving the ground, and when thy come back down they smack and make a lot of noise. Open up your rebound tubes a little bit to let the axle move down faster and that should go away. My truck does this all the time, even aired down. But I have a 20 stack in rebound so the axle comes out slower than yours.
I appreciate all the feed back. Damagewagon, sorry for the noise... no good place to put the GoPro and not lose it. Any way, I appreciate the feedback. I have the compression valve open about 4 full turns, thinking of more... still stiff. The rebound I have open maybe 1 turn. I think it is closed almost all the way. So you are saying I should open it more?
stubiePW wrote: I appreciate all the feed back. Damagewagon, sorry for the noise... no good place to put the GoPro and not lose it. Any way, I appreciate the feedback. I have the compression valve open about 4 full turns, thinking of more... still stiff. The rebound I have open maybe 1 turn. I think it is closed almost all the way. So you are saying I should open it more?
Holy crap, yeah open your tubes dude! I've got a King engineer with me for a few weeks and he said you can get about 15 full usable turns out of the screws. As it is a valve, the very first movement had a much larger effect than the final turns. But one turn is almost closed. Open that thing up to 4 turns and see what you think. It usually takes about 2 full turns to feel the difference, and starting at 4 turns gives a good base point.
The rule of thumb on bypass shocks is that if the tubes are fully closed, you should revalve them stiffer, and if the tubes are full open you should revalve them softer.
The benefit of bypass shocks is that you can get a sweet ride overall and then have strong bottom out resistance when the shocks get close to the end of their stroke.
Very Nice! I'm going to Moab next month but we're renting a Jeep. I'll be without the PW. It looks like your doing quite a bit with stock height and high clearance bumper. Any problems with the rear?
If you rent a jeep in Moab. You are restricted to what trails you are allowed on. If you get caught or seen on a restricted trail. When you get back to the office to turn in the jeep. They will charge you big bucks. Been there. Fought it.
RustyPW wrote: If you rent a jeep in Moab. You are restricted to what trails you are allowed on. If you get caught or seen on a restricted trail. When you get back to the office to turn in the jeep. They will charge you big bucks. Been there. Fought it.
whitey wrote: Very Nice! I'm going to Moab next month but we're renting a Jeep. I'll be without the PW. It looks like your doing quite a bit with stock height and high clearance bumper. Any problems with the rear?
Go check out Barlow Jeep Rentals, she's a Power Wagon owner, did the training for Ram when they had the press event for the 2017 models. But what Rusty said probably makes sense.
As far as the bumper, the only thing I think we all have problems with is the hitch smacking things. I didn't have a bumper problem until I picked a bad line on Gold Bar rim.
I could do a lot of this with the stock bumper, but the high clearance means I dont' have to spend as much time spotting and I can pick something and try it, and it's ok if I mess up, which I have. I mentioned in my review of the bumper smacking stuff a lot as I learned what the new abilities are.
The only thing I find annoying right now is the sliders slapping on things my rockers wouldn't have even touched.
You are seeing this message because the Adobe Flash player is not installed and enabled in your browser. The Flash player must be installed an enabled to use this part of FieldScope.
Apple's Mobile Safari browser on the iPhone and iPad does not support the Flash player. To use FieldScope on one of these devices, consider purchasing a third-party web browser that supports Flash, such as Puffin.
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grants No. GEO-0627923 and DRL-1010749. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation. The development of FieldScope has also been supported by the National Geographic Society.
Thank you for visiting FieldScope. We are trying to learn a bit more about our visitors. Would you be willing to answer three short questions about who you are? Your information will be kept confidential and will only be used to help us improve our website.
This unique book provides a rich array of perspectives on many of the preeminent investors of our time. It features 33 portraits by Michael O’Brien, whose iconic photographs have appeared everywhere from major magazines to museums. Over five years, O’Brien traveled the world to produce the remarkably intimate portraits in this book. When you look through his camera at famous investors such as Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, Mario Gabelli, Bill Ackman, Jean-Marie Eveillard, and Bill Miller, you see them in a new light — a testament to O’Brien’s gift for capturing the essence of his subjects.
These photographs are accompanied by extraordinary profiles, all of them written or edited by William Green. Over two decades, Green has interviewed many legendary investors for publications such as Fortune, Forbes, Money, and Time, returning again and again to one overarching question: What qualities and insights enable this elite group to achieve enduring success? In his interviews and profiles for this book, Green explores the combination of talent, temperament, and powerful principles that the greatest investors possess. The lessons that emerge from these richly reported and elegantly written profiles will prove invaluable to anyone who wants to become a better investor.
Those lessons are both practical and profound. For example, when Green asks Irving Kahn for the most valuable piece of financial advice he can share, the 108-year-old replies: “Safety. Considering the downside is the single most important thing an investor can do.” Francis Chou speaks of detaching oneself from the crowd, warning: “If you want to participate in the market all the time, then it’s a mug’s game and you’re going to lose.” In explaining his astonishing investment returns, Joel Greenblatt remarks: “It’s easier to find bargains off the beaten path or in extraordinary situations that other people aren’t looking at.” Howard Marks notes that “the only constant is impermanence” and explains the importance of understanding that “you can’t control the environment.”
Beyond investing, the brilliant thinkers in this book also share many other lessons they have learned—for example, about family, faith, philanthropy, self-belief, luck, visualizing one’s dreams, handling stress, surviving failure, the pleasures and perils of being rich, and what has given them the most satisfaction.
Combining photographs and profiles in this highly original manner, The Great Minds of Investing is both a visual delight and a treasure trove of wisdom. It is a celebration of these investors, their achievements, and their ideas. And it is a timeless source of insight and inspiration. This book is destined to be read and re-read for decades to come.
William Green has written for many publications in the U.S. and Europe, including Time, Fortune, Forbes, Fast Company, The New Yorker, The (London) Spectator, and The Economist. He edited the Asian edition of Time while living in Hong Kong, then moved to London to edit the European, Middle Eastern, and African editions of Time. As an editor and co-author, he has collaborated on books such as Guy Spier’s much-praised memoir, The Education of a Value Investor, and an upcoming autobiography of a legendary art collector. Born and raised in London, Green studied English literature at Oxford University and received a master’s degree in journalism at Columbia University. He lives in New York with his wife, Lauren, and their two children, Henry and Madeleine.
Michael O’Brien is one of the country’s premier portrait photographers. In a career that has spanned four decades, O’Brien has photographed subjects ranging from presidents to small-town heroes, celebrities to “ordinary” people. His candid, unapologetic style captures the dignity and humanity of all his subjects, in equal measure. His work has appeared in numerous magazines, including Life, National Geographic, Texas Monthly, The (London) Sunday Times, and many others. He is the author of two books, The Face of Texas and Hard Ground. O’Brien has twice been the recipient of the Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award. His photographs belong to the permanent collections of many museums, including the Smithsonian’s National Portrait Gallery, in Washington, D.C. He lives in Austin, Texas, with his wife, Elizabeth.
Hendrik Leber is the founder and a managing partner of ACATIS Investment, a German asset management firm. Born in Essen, Germany, he studied business administration in Saarbrücken, Germany; St. Gallen, Switzerland; Syracuse, New York; and Berkeley, California. He received his doctorate from St. Gallen University. At McKinsey & Company, his primary focus was on consulting for financial institutions. After that, as a partner of a unit of private bank Metzler, he worked on corporate finance and financial consulting projects. In 1994, he set up his own firm, ACATIS. He hosts value investing conferences and seminars and organizes the ACATIS Value Prize for outstanding academic work in the field of value investing. He has been married to his wife, Claudia, since 1984.
In The Great Minds of Investing, William Green has brought to life a treasure trove of wisdom from the world's most highly-regarded investors. Leveraging unprecedented personal access, he captures not only the essence of their investment wisdom but also the life lessons of these remarkable personalities. Truly unique is Green's close collaboration with world-renowned photographer Michael O'Brien whose portraits add a wonderful aesthetic dimension to the book, transforming it into a work of art. The result is a rich and layered book -- something readers will treasure for decades and return to again and again for inspiration and wisdom.
This is a beautifully written book that offers a rare depth of insight into the lives and minds of the greatest investors of our time. And it is a showcase for William Green who has drawn deeply on 20 years of experience as a writer and editor for publications like Time, Forbes, Money, Bloomberg Markets and Fortune. During that time, he has spent countless hours interviewing many of the world’s great investors. This book benefits from Green’s desire, through careful contemplation, to understand the essential aspects of habit, personality and temperament that make these great investors who they are. This book needs to be on every serious investor’s bookshelf and should be reviewed and re-read regularly.
I love this book, which is both visually beautiful and filled with valuable pearls of wisdom from some of the top minds in investing. The book gives the reader multiple ways to win in investing and life. I have always relished learning about successful people, their strengths and weaknesses, ambitions and fears, and the most important lessons they have to teach. Inside The Great Minds of Investing, William Green’s superb writing gives the reader access to an abundance of talent and wisdom, with each investor sharing a few of their most important ideas that have helped them excel. Taking to heart the lessons shared inside this book is a high-probability path to success for any investor. This book should be admired first, and then studied seriously.
If you are not actively engaged in market investing then you may tend to just lump all investors into a plain package or an amorphous group. Bad, very bad idea. Investors are, like the rest of us, shaped by their character and life experience, and are therefore ruggedly individual in terms of their philosophies and practices. Still, how do you capture, preserve and present that unique experience of each person behind the dollar? Now that takes a remarkable individual as well.
Enter Michael O’Brien, who is clearly the right photographer for the job. A champion at celebrating the human story whether within a documentary investigation or over the shifting landscapes of portraiture, O’Brien finds the liveliness and insight within each face. He brings the same comprehension, compassion and insight to each of these subjects that he has shown throughout decades of photographing celebrities, politicians, street people, musicians, artists and not a few everyday citizens as well. He understands both the nature of the capitalist profession as well as the character and humaneness –yes, humaneness! – that underlies each of these men in suits. And through this publication he also provides us, the viewers, with a common forum in which we may have the unique opportunity to better understand and appreciate the economic heartbeat of this nation.
It is certainly possible, but it must have the ability to comprehend opportunities regardless of market behavior. The market moves in relation to price BTC … So even supposing it’s in a BTC tendency down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you will be ok.
You may run a search on the web. First learn, then models, indicators and most importantly practice looking at old charts and pick out trends. Anytime you learn to keep a trading diary screenshots and your comment/forecast. Precisely what is the best way to get confident with charts IMHO. Oh certainly, and don’t fool yourself into thinking that you purchase the uptrend will never drop! Always will go down! Viewers incremental increases are more reliable and profitable (most times)
It should be challenging to get more small gains (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study the way to read these Candlestick charts! And I discovered these two rules to be accurate: having modest gains is more profitable than trying to resist up to the summit. Most day traders follow Candlestick, therefore it is better to examine publications than wait for order confirmation when you think the price is going down. Secondly, there’s more unpredictability and compensation in currencies that haven’t made it to the profitability of websites like Coinwarz.
technology due to the many advantages associated with it. That is why the new technology is about to alter the world from the way we see it today. Bitcoins opened the door through use of Blockchains as the first cryptocurency. Ethereum is extending the horizon in the field of smart contracts.
The wonder of the cryptocurrencies is the fact that fraud was proved an impossibility: due to the nature of the protocol in which it is transacted. All transactions over a crypto currency blockchain are permanent. When youare paid, you get paid. This is not anything short-term wherever your customers may challenge or need a refunds, or employ unethical sleight of hand. Used, many traders will be wise to use a cost processor, due to the permanent nature of crypto currency deals, you have to ensure that security is tough. With any kind of crypto currency whether it be a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or the numerous other altcoins, thieves and hackers may potentially gain access to your personal recommendations and so steal your money. However, you almost certainly can never get it back. It’s quite crucial for you to follow some very good safe and secure routines when coping with any cryptocurrency. This can guard you from most of these negative activities.
Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are put in circulation. Because there is no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to make more. The mining process is what creates more of the coin. It may be useful to think about the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are just the same. Mining crypto coins means you will really get to keep the total benefits of your efforts, but this reduces your chances of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members are going to have greater chance of solving a block, but the benefit will be split between all members of the pool, based on the amount of “shares” won.
If you are thinking of going it alone, it really is worth noting the applications settings for solo mining can be more complicated than with a pool, and beginners would be likely better take the latter route. This alternative also creates a steady flow of revenue, even if each payment is modest compared to completely block the benefit.
In case of the fully functioning cryptocurrency, it might actually be dealt being a product. Promoters of cryptocurrencies proclaim this form of electronic income is not controlled by way of a central bank system and it is not therefore subject to the vagaries of its inflation. Because there are always a limited quantity of items, this cash’s importance is based on market forces, allowing entrepreneurs to deal over cryptocurrency deals.
Here is the trendiest thing about cryptocurrencies; they do not physically exist everywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you look at a special address for a wallet containing a cryptocurrency, there is no digital information held in it, like in the same manner a bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It really is nothing more than a representation of worth, but there is no actual palpable type of that worth. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or frozen or audited by the banks and the law. They do not have spending limits and withdrawal limitations imposed on them. No one but the person who owns the crypto wallet can decide how their wealth will be managed.
Click here to visit our home page and learn more about what is TAN prelaunch. This mining task validates and records the trades across the whole network. So if you’re attempting to do something prohibited, it isn’t a good idea because everything is recorded in the public register for the rest of the world to see eternally.
Cryptocurrency is freeing people to transact money and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in a similar way, but in addition they be a part of more elaborate smart contracts. Multiple signatures allow a transaction to be supported by the network, but where a certain number of a defined group of people agree to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This allows innovative dispute mediation services to be developed in the future. These services could allow a third party to approve or reject a transaction in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their money. Unlike cash and other payment procedures, the blockchain constantly leaves public evidence a transaction occurred. This can be potentially used in a appeal against companies with deceptive practices.
Just a fraction of bitcoins issued so far can be found on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, meaning the price a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Many people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This limits the quantity of bitcoins that are truly circulating in the exchanges. Moreover, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Thus, even the most diligent buyer couldn’t purchase all existing bitcoins. This situation isn’t to imply that markets aren’t exposed to price exploitation, yet there’s no requirement for substantial sums of cash to move market prices up or down. The slightest events on the planet market can affect the price of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency explosive.
You have probably heard this often where you often distribute the great word about crypto. “It’s not risky? What goes on when the value crashes? ” So far, several POS devices delivers free transformation of fiat, improving some concern, but before volatility cryptocurrencies is resolved, most of the people is going to be reluctant to carry any. We must find a way to combat the volatility that’s inherent in cryptocurrencies.
The physical Internet backbone that carries data between the various nodes of the network is currently the work of several firms called Internet service providers (ISPs), which includes firms offering long distance pipelines, occasionally at the international level, regional local pipe, which ultimately links in households and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through one of these ISPs, players like level 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP manages its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private companies, and occasionally by Governments, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have agreements with suppliers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and companies who need to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network causes it to be possible for the information to stream without interruption, in the appropriate place at the perfect time.
While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet together these companies determine how it works, and established rules and standards that everyone remains. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that’s occurring to discover how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for example, one needs permission from a Registrar, which includes a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone for connecting to and with her. Concern over security problems? A working group is formed to work on the issue and the solution developed and deployed is in the interest of most parties. If the Internet is down, you might have someone to phone to get it fixed. If the issue is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in position and service level agreements, which regulate the manner in which these problems are solved.
The benefit of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain isn’t regulated by any focused firm. No one can tell the miners to update, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that’s something that as a committed promoter badge of honor, and is identical to the way the Internet operates. But as you understand now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that regulate how it works current constitutional difficulties to an individual. Blockchain technology has none of that.
Ethereum is an unbelievable cryptocurrency platform, yet, if growth is too quickly, there may be some issues. If the platform is adopted fast, Ethereum requests could improve drastically, and at a rate that exceeds the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under a situation like this, the entire platform of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the increasing costs of running distributed programs. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum platform and ether. Uncertainty of demand for ether can result in an adverse change in the economic parameters of an Ethereum based business that could result in business being unable to continue to run or to cease operation.
For most users of cryptocurrencies it is not necessary to understand how the procedure works in and of itself, but it’s fundamentally important to understand that there’s a procedure for mining to create virtual money. Unlike currencies as we know them now where Authorities and banks can just select to print unlimited numbers (I ‘m not saying they are doing so, only one point), cryptocurrencies to be operated by users using a mining program, which solves the complex algorithms to release blocks of currencies that can enter into circulation.
A lot of people would rather use a money deflation, particularly individuals who desire to save. Despite the criticism and disbelief, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some applications than others. Fiscal solitude, for instance, is great for political activists, but more problematic when it comes to political campaign financing. We need a stable cryptocurrency for use in commerce; should you be living pay check to pay check, it’d happen within your riches, with the rest allowed for other currencies.
1 Ybcoin Equals How Many Dollars: Artificial Intelligence may soon Drive Wealth – The Affluence Network
Ukrainians mostly use bitcoin and invest in it and now number of people are using digital currency for online purchasing therefore, the government announced it's plan to nationalize the country's bitcoin-friendly bank.
I heard Ukraine is going to legalize the Bitcoin. The government in Kiev has taken concrete steps to legalize cryptocurrency mining. Ukraine’s Minister of Economy has ordered several ministries, agencies, and the National Bank to prepare the documents necessary to include mining in the state register of economic activities.This is a pleasure, Thanks Ukraine government. Welcome bitcoin friendly country list .
They're not doing it for the sake of block chain technology but taxation. They want to take some of your money because you're earning $ by mining and you're not paying taxes.
I have already heard that Ukraine has been known to be the last Bitcoin friendly country. It means that Ukraine gives legitimacy to the use of Bitcoin. Bitcoin will develop their country's economy and help the people of the country earn money. I hope Bitcoin will be accepted globally once. Thanks to Ukraine for writing the name of Bitcoin friends list.
This news is really good news for crypto users at least another country come in this race also this may help people to increase more profit also Ukraine will be benefited more because they are using digital currency and this will develop their economy as well and people will be invest their idle money.
I would personally not invest in Ukraine, at least not now. It might be actually one of the most cheapest places to mine Bitcoin. There are many Ukrainians who come to Poland and buy GPUs and other mining equipment and then take it back to Ukraine in order to use them in their mining farms. I would recommend anyone to wait and observe the situation in the Ukraine carefully. Nobody would want to lose money because of government changing the law constantly.
This is really good news for the crypto world because Ukraine is accepting crypto currency based on this it may create more value in the market and this will add value to people who wanted to invest in crypto market also this may cause of economic development.
this is also a happy news for bitconers as well because with the Ukrainian country inaugurating bitcoin to be one of their buying tools then it can create things that can affect other countries to be able to join bitcoin world too, with this bitcoin will become more valuable again
we really need this kind of news in this bear season and hope the other countries will follow the steps of Ukraine and open new ways of business for the crypto world.
Ukraine has always been friendly towards cryptocurrency and this is just the tip of iceberg on the implementation of cryptocurrency into Ukrainian economics
I think it is premature to say that Ukraine will create a tax haven for those who are engaged in crypto-currencies or mining. Still can change, in Ukraine now the situation of military conflict and do not expect that these issues will be resolved quickly.
THE BLOCKCHAIN-BASED RECOMMENDATION PLATFORM THAT DRIVES UP TO 90 PERCENT OF ADVERTISING REVENUE TO USERS
But as about mining, mining is not profitable as in Canada or China(laying to electricity, temperature, leading business, speed of the Internet), but introducing by law in Ukraine could help our country to develop our technologies and economics.
Ukraine has a population of about 44,009,214 people, so it will not make a significant impact. { Compared to countries
with a much bigger population, like China with a population of 1,415,045,928 people. } The problem with the Ukraine is the
Internet, because a few years ago, only 30,3% of the population had Internet access. The average income per person is +/-
it seems so because I see today many countries are banning the circulation of bitcoin and the use of bitcoin so bitcoin is very rare and difficult to be accepted in all countries.
don't think the Ukrainian government cares about people.Most likely the government is planning its security. This is money laundering and concealment of illegal income.
That is a really good news that another country is lagalizing bitcoin. Hope this will give bitcoin all the oppurtunities as the usual currency. Good days are coming.
Whoah! Ukraine took a big step towards cryptocurrency. And also they will not have to pay taxes for mining crypto.
I would very much like bitcoin to help Ukraine's economic growth, then it would be an excellent bitcoin advertisement!
About Ukraine... Now this country will be friendly for all western trends. Like - we are progressive and modern. But I don't believe in it. It is just a show. It is not for a people.
Bitcoin Forum > Bitcoin > Bitcoin Discussion (Moderator: hilariousandco) > So, Ukraine is the Latest Bitcoin Friendly Country?
The sold out sessions, driven by industry champion Ann Nurock were intended to unpack Cannes Lions award-winning creative thinking for corporate, business and industry guests.
From case studies presented at the Cape Town event by speakers Nurock, CCO of VML Ryan McManus, and CCO and Founder of King James Digital Matt Ross, an overriding zeitgeist of Cannes Lions 2018 emerges that as people increasingly lose faith in governments and political leaders to provide moral compass for global citizens, many brands are stepping into the breach, using creativity and influence for positive social outcomes. It also emerges that to have any hope of winning at Cannes, ads must capture public imagination and disrupt in key areas such as:
As a subtext, new AR (augmented reality), VR, Virtual Reality, data and machine learning capabilities are real and there’s never been a more important time to be a creative, not only to reinforce our humanity “to do what machines cannot do”, but to literally augment with machine learning that will allow it to do what humans cannot.
Here are just some of the creative case studies presented that help illustrate not only contemporary best practice creative thinking, but breakthrough brand awareness and returns on investment.
The Trash Isles: Winner of a PR Grand Prix 2018 is campaign by publisher LADBible, which puts the conversation about plastic in the oceans at the top of a global agenda. Naming of the Pacific Ocean’s trash patch, which is the size of France, as the Trash Isles - and submission to the United Nations to recognise it’s status as a country, thereby forcing the UN Environmental Charters to acknowledge its existence and clean it up, is a stroke of genius which has so far seen 250,000 people, including the likes of Al Gore and Dame Judy Dench, apply for citizenship of the the “world’s 196th country”, which comes complete with its own currency, passport and flag. Sign the UN petition or start your own here.
Chris Hemsworth And Al Gore Unite Against Plastic Pollution And Become Citizens of The Trash Isles: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbIXBM_OMPw
Bordeaux 2050 - the taste of global warming: Falling squarely under the above “make acts not ads” exhortation is this case study. Born of data from UN Climate Change Conference of Paris (COP21) showing that by 2050 France’s famed Bordeaux wine region will suffer climate conditions such as a temperature increases of 2° to 4°, inspired the creation of Bordeaux 2050a simulated wine with tagline The Wine from The Future That Tastes Like Global Warming.
The fact that there is even a Cannes award category entitled Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Lion ensures winning one is really win-win for brands.
Presenter Ryan McManus, the Chief Creative officer of VML SA, pointed out that "marketing and making ads are a reflection of the world we live in”. Topics such as Brexit, Cambridge Analytica, decrees and refugees have ordinary people standing up and taking action and successful brands moving from monolithic towards the noble pursuits of shared collective human values.
Soccer Song for Change: A local example of a social activism which scooped a Cannes Lions Grand Prix for Ogilvy Cape Town, changed the lyrics of a well-known South African football anthem to tell the story of a woman being abused by her partner when he comes home under the influence from a soccer match. Sung live by a female choir at the 85,000-seater stadium and televised on SABC and Supersport, the brave campaign again shows the potential influence of a brand manning up to social issues and using public spaces such as football stadia and shebeens as interfaces.
'Soccer Song for Change' by Ogilvy Cape Town for Carling Black Label Winner of the Grand Prix for Ra: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta3NnQX22zU
Macy’s Vs Apple: In his presentation Matt Ross used Apple as a case study to illustrate the all-important authenticity factor for brands. For example, efforts to encourage foot traffic to the world’s largest store, Macy’s, such as yoga classes, fashion immersions, petting zoo experiences etc, still saw the retail giant close 40 stores, yet a similar strategy saw Apple’s 500+ stores offering daily classes, such as photography, coding and music labs turning store interfaces into popular and relevant “townsquare” style community hubs.
Apple won a Grand Prix in the new Brand Experience and Activation category by using the already inspirational Apple store destinations as educational resource centres. This is a textbook case for the potential for brands to influence behaviour by being true to their values and one that could perhaps have worked for ToysRUs, FAO Schwartz or in a South African retail/educational context.
Health and Wellness Lions are where many award-winning criteria such as humanity, activism, augmentation, machine learning etc intersect.
Project Revoice: The voice of Pat Quinn, co-founder of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, which captured public imagination in 2015, has succumbed to the ALS/MNS disease, but award-winning technology has used footage from his previous talks and interviews to create the algorithms that have digitally “cloned” his voice.
A form of computerised speech was possible for ALS sufferers before, but people said they were embarrassed at their computer sounding voices. The campaign encourages people who have been diagnosed with the condition to record their voice before its inevitable loss, in an initiative known as "voice banking" and moving demonstration of machine learning which, combined with the eye reader assistive technology enables speech without any of traditional facial word formation actions. A taste of what the meeting of human, AR and machine learning may bring in the future.
That Coke is a Fanta? In Brazil, apparently “That Coke is a Fanta” is a common homophobic slur. To celebrate International LGBT+ Pride Day, Coca-Cola launched a limited edition Coke can with actual Fanta inside and a message: “This Coke is a Fanta, so what?” thus flipping a derogatory expression into a symbol of pride, which captured the public and social media imagination to massive brand awareness, engagement and goodwill.
Gender lyrics: The fact that a playlist of pronouns are seldom relevant for same-sex couples, inspired MGM’s Universal Love campaign which commissioned top music artists such as Bob Dylan and Kesha to repurpose classic love songs with same-sex lyrics, turning the tables on romantic and wedding standard cover versions forever to take home a Gold Lion.
If you’re asking yourself what happened to good old fashioned well-crafted, humorous commercials and clever media buying on traditional broadcast media channels, here’s two great examples:
#Tideads: Procter & Gamble Co’s Grand Prix winning Tide campaign will restore your faith in advertising. The range of “fake” commercials were produced as a spoof of stereotypical Superbowl advertising categories in the style of a car ad, a beer ad, a deodorant ad and others, before revealing that you’ve been pranked and every look-alike spot is actually a laundry ad. #Tideads caught on during the game, becoming a great big inside joke, which has been absorbed into popular culture as an internet and social media meme.
Budweiser Vintage Tag Words: Another example of the use of traditional media is Print and Publishing Lion Grand Prix winner, Budweiser’s Vintage Tag Words campaign. The campaign used the medium of out-of-home billboards to encourage people to search the internet for terms that take them to historical images of people holding Bud cans or bottles.
For example, a Google search for "1969 musicians sessions Budweiser" reveals images of the Rolling Stones' Mick Jagger and Keith Richards holding cans of Bud, and a search for "1987 California hip-hop Budweiser" photos of the Beastie Boys' on stage with the brand. This offers a clever way of fusing old and new media to reinforce the brand’s rockstar cred while avoiding any copyright or permission liability.
Cannes Lions case studies or how not to make rubbish advertising By: Terry Levin CAPE TOWN, South Africa, September 6, 2018/APO Group/ -- Cinemark (http://cinemark.co.za/), the official South African Cannes Lions (http://www.bizcommunity.com/CannesLions) representatives, in partnership with Bizcommunity, hosted the annual Insights and Trends from Cannes Lions sessions, which took place in Johannesburg on Wednesday, 29 August, and in Cape Town on Friday, 31 August 2018.
From case studies presented at the Cape Town event by speakers Nurock, CCO of VML Ryan McManus, and CCO and Founder of King James Digital Matt Ross, an overriding zeitgeist of Cannes Lions 2018 emerges that as people increasingly lose faith in governments and political leaders to provide moral compass for global citizens, many brands are stepping into the breach, using creativity and influence for positive social outcomes. It also emerges that to have any hope of winning at Cannes, ads must capture public imagination and disrupt in key areas such as: The environment
Reinforce a collective humanity As a subtext, new AR (augmented reality), VR, Virtual Reality, data and machine learning capabilities are real and there’s never been a more important time to be a creative, not only to reinforce our humanity “to do what machines cannot do”, but to literally augment with machine learning that will allow it to do what humans cannot.
The Trash Isles: Winner of a PR Grand Prix 2018 is campaign by publisher LADBible, which puts the conversation about plastic in the oceans at the top of a global agenda. Naming of the Pacific Ocean’s trash patch, which is the size of France, as the Trash Isles - and submission to the United Nations to recognise it’s status as a country, thereby forcing the UN Environmental Charters to acknowledge its existence and clean it up, is a stroke of genius which has so far seen 250,000 people, including the likes of Al Gore and Dame Judy Dench, apply for citizenship of the the “world’s 196th country”, which comes complete with its own currency, passport and flag. Sign the UN petition or start your own here. Chris Hemsworth And Al Gore Unite Against Plastic Pollution And Become Citizens of The Trash Isles: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbIXBM_OMPw
The Palau Pledge: A double Grand Prix-winning creative idea born out of the need to protect the pristine tropical island of Palau from the ravages of tourism, comes in the form of a rubber stamp! The medium - passports of all tourists arriving at customs who are required to sign the official Palau pledge, not to damage or exploit natural resources such as coral reefs during their stay. A big idea that puts a small island on the map!
Bizcommunity.com is a wholly independent African news network, offering a gateway to African business partners. We are the leading corporate content distribution specialist on the continent and the first-choice B2B news publishing platform, showcasing companies from South Africa and across Africa to…
RT @Biz_Retail: The weekly #retail newsletter is out now! #ShopperInsights2019 | Introducing myTFGworld | SA's fast food growth trends | #G…
Sorry, but there was a problem identifying the show you selected. Please make sure you did not select a show time in the past.
The solutions are perfect for lorry proprietors to manage their fleet, companies to check their provided and family members to maintain a keep an eye out for their nearest and also precious. Besides the demands of industry-specific knowledge and a flair for distinct trouble fixing, operating a cell fleet requires a high degree of business preparation. The simplest means to reduce the opportunity your fleet will certainly fall victim to burglary is to make it a lot more tough for prospective thieves to damage right into your vehicles. If you have a fleet of autos, perhaps a taxi business or auto for hire company, then a GPS auto monitoring process was developed to enhance your revenues.
In an event of a crash, GENERAL PRACTITIONER could provide you with the exact place. GPS can aid you discover the status of your delivery.
When a vehicle hasn't already been gotten rid of to leave the service region, you could be informed right away. Bear in mind that cars are taken among the most helpful as well as helpful items for your venture. One of the extremely first lorries to transform into autonomous is the forklift. Just make specific it's evident your lorries are equipped with anti-theft devices with the addition of decals or other labelling. Additionally, to know where the cars are located, it's not necessary to call each driver. It's much more secure to be established up in an electrical cars and truck. It will have the capability to track all the individual cars you've obtained and also where they are at any 1 time.
When you're selecting a system for your vehicles, 1 thing to assume about is setup. It will certainly have the ability to track all the specific lorries you have actually got at the extremely exact same moment. Well, if you're a fleet operator, it is going to track every lorry you have actually got, day or night, no issue the weather condition or the circumstance of the automobile.
Once it comes to construction venture, general practitioner tracking is an unpreventable thing. Bringing GENERAL PRACTITIONER tracking right into your business could be an enormous advantage to any type of company as well as its employees. It might appear complex, yet it's actually rather simple. Extra Benefits Bosch GPS tracking isn't a tracker alone, it's aiming for a bright device technology.
The tracker consists of a number of attributes that make it an excellent addition to your cars and truck. Easytrax GPS tracker was created with the most recent modern technology that will allow you to close down the engine of the cars and truck. Additionally in situation the GPS tracker is meddled with the owner will certainly obtain an alert. The ideal feature of the vehicle GENERAL PRACTITIONER tracker is that it's advantageous in all aspects, not vehicle tracking app merely to ease the job of the company proprietor.
GPS Vehicle Tracking system offers you the ability to earn time and money-saving decisions with a rapid look. Mounting the GENERAL PRACTITIONER monitoring system might likewise decrease the insurance plan costs for the automobile since it reduces the danger element. The outright most qualified GPS tracking methods permit you to oversee your fleet anywhere at any kind of time using a specialized mobile app.
The system is of the optimal high quality so you are always ensured the absolute best feasible result in your car monitoring experience. Inside your automobile, you are going to have GPS navigating system. GPS systems currently are readily offered in all of the metro locations in India. Apart from assisting you in tracking your vehicle, the excellent cars and truck GPS system is extremely handy in allowing you recognize whenever your vehicle was messed up.
GENERAL PRACTITIONER system additionally useful for the fleet management companies. GPS system for car tracking has made fleet management very easy in a number of elements.
The remedies are excellent for lorry proprietors to manage their fleet, services to monitor their supplied and also family members to maintain a watch out for their closest and precious. The simplest way to reduce the opportunity your fleet will certainly fall target to burglary is to make it even more hard for prospective thieves to break right into your cars. Well, if you're a fleet driver, it is going to track every automobile you've obtained, day or night, no issue the weather condition or the circumstance of the automobile. Setting up the GPS monitoring system may additionally reduce the insurance coverage policy costs for the car due to the fact that it minimizes the risk component. Aside from aiding you in tracking your car, the ideal auto GPS system is exceptionally useful in permitting you know whenever your cars and truck was mishandled.
This file is the author's own work and represents their interpretation of the song. You may only use this file for private study, scholarship, or research.
Watch the All Night Long video below in all its glory and check out the lyrics section if you like to learn the words or just want to sing along.
Tell us if you like it by leaving a comment below and please remember to show your support by sharing it with your family and friends and purchasing Red Cafe's music.
The music video for Red Cafe's single All Night Long has already been viewed 11,264 times since it was posted on Wednesday, February 7, 2007. The video belongs to the music genre of Hip-Hop.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On January 3, 2018 11:27 am, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at NORDSTROM because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at NORDSTROM, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Fatboy Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by NORDSTROM on January 3, 2018 8:11 am and last updated by us January 3, 2018 11:27 am.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Fatboy designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Fatboy Jonge Ottoman One Grey Pillow | Home fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the NORDSTROM Online Store.
FatCat Records is proud to present the new single from Sheffield garage-pop band Best Friends in the form of 'Fake Spit'.
Released March 9th, it has a versatile Best Friends showing that despite a seemingly effortless ability to kick things up through absorbing, head-shaking rhythm; a more melodic-wrapped approach also rests in their arsenal.
This will pave the way for their debut record, ' 'Hot. Reckless. Totally Insane' released through FatCat Records on May 18th 2015; birthed from early Best Friends recordings that produced tangible swathes of fuzz pierced with melody as the band sought to aurally emulate the workings of the Navajo rug makers, known for purposely weaving mistakes into their unique and complex patterns to remind us all that only the divine can achieve perfection. Armed with a encyclopedic knowledge of WWF, a full set of achievements on Mario Kart and several crates of beer, the band have been delving deep ever since to reach your most primal instincts since.
I need help with this. More than 169 downloads this month. In the trial version, you can wield Zeus' famous lightning bolt while playing one of the nine civilizations featured in the retail version of Age of Mythology.
It is ancient civilization having men called titans to protect it. Age Of Mythology The Titans Free Download PC Game setup For Windows. Age of Mythology Free Download Full Version PC Game setup in single direct link for Windows. Age Of Mythology The Titans Game! In the trial version you assume the role of the mighty Atlantean god Kronos as you advance through the third age on the random map The Marsh play the.
Jul 04 · I have been trying to download the trial version of Age of Mythology: The Titans Expansion it just won' t work as far as I can tell. Pls upload fate of the dragon full version PC game. Play one of four historic sides in this classic real time strategy game. Much like Ensemble’ s The Conquerors Expansion you get quite a lot of stuff with The Titans Age of Mythology’ s only official follow- up expansion.
In the trial version, you assume the role of the mighty Atlantean god Kronos as you advance through the third age on the random map The Marsh or play the. This is the official demo ( trial version) of Ensemble Studios' Age of Mythology: The Titans expansion pack. Age Of Mythology: The Titans Expansion, free and safe download.
The U.S. Air Force APS-143(V)1 platform is the DeHavilland DASH-8 used in range surveillance and safety, integrated via data link into the ground-based range C3I system. The U.S. Army APS-143(V)2 aboard shipborne aerostats provides for detection and interdiction of drug smuggling ships and aircraft. The APS-143(V)3 operational aboard S-70 and Dauphin upgrade ASW helicopters is used to detect small targets in high sea states, and is equipped with track-while-scan and MIL-STD-1553B data outputs.
The APS-143(V) pulse compression radar affords guidance for Penguin, Sea Skua and other air-to-surface missiles and demonstrates excellent periscope/small target detection with sea clutter rejection (typical, 1 sq. m at 20 nm in Sea State 3). It combines the proven technology of the APS-128D Digital Radar with our latest compressive receiver. With maximum range in excess of 200 nm, range resolution of 0.025 nm and azimuth accuracy of 0.50 degrees or better, this radar provides top-of-the-line performance for maritime applications. Track-while-scan of airborne or surface targets, DITACS (Digital Tactical System), ISAR and air search modes with synthetic aperture radar (SAR) and moving target indicator (MTI) are adaptable to any platform desired. ESM, IFF and weather options are also available.
Telephonics' APS-143(V) pulse compression radar is of rugged construction to withstand the rigors of long surveillance missions. It is modular, extremely light (180 lbs), inexpensive, and highly reliable (over 800 hours demonstrated MTBF). Modular adaptability provides the means for achieving best performance. Flat plate array antennas are designed to fit any radome. Dual beam parabolic antennas are used for high-altitude mapping or surveillance. In addition to embedded self-test, automatic test systems provide the means for off-line maintenance.
Jasmine Gripper, Legislative Director forthe Alliance for Quality Eudcation talks about education priorities this session
Cynthia has combined her interest in the ever evolving new technologies and her passion for politics to create an Internet Radio Talk show that will create a new paradigm in which to inform New Yorkers on what is going on at the State Capital.
State Senate Candidate Blake Morris and Bill Samuels of Effective NY talks about the Democrats winning back the majority in the NYS State Senate
What had once been a proud Troll village was now in ruins. Roads were covered with dirt and grass, and abandoned huts were missing walls, roofs, and even in some cases, floors. Some statues still stood, but most were either crooked or fallen over. Nature was doing its job and slowly eating up the old village.
Walking around stealthly, and using what he could for cover, Folaji remembered his young days exploring the Echo Isles. He remembered exploring uncharted territories and hunting down imaginary monsters, although the territory was not so uncharted anymore, and the monsters were real.
Arriving from the north, he had been forced to kill some of those monsters: tigers, young raptors, and even Trolls that had once been a part of the Darkspear tribe but were now hexed by Zalazane. He tried to forget the fact that he had been one of them. It was difficult, however, and when he recognized Jun’til, one of his few childhood friends, his hesitation almost got him killed. Luckily, his ice spell had frozen Jun’til into place and Folaji was able to stop him from getting help from other hexed Troll.
He hid the singeing body with the others beneath a dense shrub. There were now five dead trolls in this bush, and Folaji told himself he would ask someone from Sen’Jin to come and get them, and give them a proper burial.
What a dirty mission this was, he thought to himself, trying to ignore the faint smell of burning flesh. A hexed Troll had also smelled it, and she wandered closer to see where the smell was comming from, thinking it might be food. Folaji wasted no time in taking her out.
Pulling this new body into the dense shrub, Folaji reminded himself of what he had to do: rescue his father’s skull and kill Zalazane. He had been around the island and had not yet seen a group of skulls or a circle of power, but he was on the biggest of the islands, where Gadrin had told him he would find these things. It was starting to get late, and he figured he would thouroughly search the island when daylight was back. In the meantime, he would use the comming darkness as cover to attack Zalazane.
Folaji slowly made his way to the eastern shore of the main island. Hiding behind a tree, he looked inland and saw what had once been the center of the Troll village. The huts in this area were in a fairly better shape than the abandoned area, and hexed Trolls roamed all around.
It was then that Folaji’s heart skipped a beat. He recognised the tall and lean Troll male slowly making his way down from a small hill on the left: Zalazane.
Zalazane walked around, looking at his community with the kind of pride a dictator has when people blindly follow his every command. He talked to some of the Trolls and barked orders at others. The hexed Trolls all blindly obeyed his commands, working faster as he raised his voice. There were so many of them that there was no way Folaji could attack Zalazane without being noticed. So he decided to walk around the island towards the south, the area of the village that seemed to have the lowest number of hexed Trolls, and slowly thinned their numbers.
The hexed Trolls were quite easy targets for Folaji. He would cast an ice spell to freeze them into place, and then use his fire spell to finish them off before they even had time to get to him. To his’s delight, they were not all that aware of their dissapearing comrades, and simply continued on their merry way when noticing that a troll was missing. He hoped the same would be true when he finally got to Zalazane, otherwise he would have one hell of a fight on his hands.
While he was weading out the hexed Trolls, Folaji also kept an eye on his target, Zalazane. His movements were quite regular. He would spend a couple of minutes in the village center, admiring his small army, and then would walk up the hill for a while, heading away from the village. Folaji decided this would be where he would surprise Zalazane. If he was lucky enough, he would be able to keep Zalazane up there with his freeze spell, and then kill him before he could get free and call for help.
With the sun set and the moon rising into the sky, Folaji was satisfied that he had removed the threat caused by nearby hexed Trolls. He made his way to the bottom of the hill and hid, waiting for Zalazane to make his way up.
After about fifteen minutes, he heard footsteps, and a strong Troll voice curse under his breath. Apparently Zalazane was missing some of his Trolls from the north side of the island and was not too happy about it.
This was the oportunity Folaji had been waiting for: Zalazane’s mind was elsewhere, and his back was to Folaji. He quickly ran up the hill, prepared to attack. What he saw made him almost trip over his feet.
There, in front of Zalazane, was over half a dozen Troll skulls and heads, placed in a pile. Most of the old skulls were just bone, but some new ones still had the faces of their owners on them, accusingly staring back at Folaji. Their faces expressed the last moments of their lives, which, from the looks of it, had not been pleasant. Other skulls had begun to decompose, and their once firm skin was puffy and pale and hanging loosely to the bone. Folaji’s stomach turned and he stumbled forward.
Unfortunately, whatever advantage he had was lost, because Zalazane had heard his stumble and was turning to face him.
Zalazane heard someone come out of the bushes behind him and turned to see who it was. An oddly familiar adult Troll stood infront of him. The Troll was obviously taken aback by the skulls in the circle of power, and paid little attention to Zalazane.
So he did what he usually did when Sen’Jin village sent its scouts over; he began to hex the Troll into submission. This Troll, however, was different. He quickly realised what was happening and surprisingly cast a sheet of ice on the ground, freezing him into place.
“It not be the first time I hear dat, my friend.” Zalazane answered, looking suggestively at the pile of skulls on the ground.
The young Troll raised his hands, preparing to throw the fireball he had conjured. The sleeves of his shirt lowered and Zalazane saw the the Troll’s weak right arm. The fireball raced across the air, hitting Zalazane in the chest and burning a big hole in his clothes, but not much else.
“Of course. Not many Trolls have escaped from me, and I be sure to remember the ones dat do, ” he snickered. “Your father, however, prooved to be a much better source of power than yourself.”
Another fireball rushed forwards. Zalazane tried to avoid it, but his feet were still forzen in ice. The fire exploded all around him, its flames licking his whole body. He winced at the unexpected pain. He was now litterally smoking, as though he had just been cooked, and could smell the smell of his skin burning.
This young Troll really means business, Zalazane thought, beginning to think he may have underestimated Folaji. He pulled his legs up and realized he could move his feet, althought they were still stuck to the ground. He figured that in a couple of seconds, he would be free, and would hex Folaji for good. He just needed to buy time, to scare him a little.
“Maybe,… I knew you would be makin’ powerful magic someday, but you were so small back then,” Zalazane answered, smiling and waving his hand in the air.
Slowly, and quite suddenly, Folaji began to shrink. His surroundings got bigger, and his clothes became baggy and started falling. Zalazane saw Folaji panick and the fireball between his hands dissapear. He was slightly amused at the shrinking Troll trying to pull up his ever growing pants.
Zalazane jerked his legs with all his might and freed himself from the melting ice around his feet. He threw himself onto the now child-size Folaji and they both fell down, tumbling over the edge of the hill.
Folaji’s head smacked to the ground with a loud thud, only a couple of meters from the soft sandy beach. Zalazane was quick to follow, and landed right on top of him with all of his weight. A loud crunch was heard, scaring birds in nearby trees.
In an instant, calm filled her spirit. The wrinkles and frowns were gone, and all that was left was a healthy and mature face. Slowly, she got up and walked towards the balcony edge. From there, she stared out onto Sen’Jin village and its evening buzz. Trolls had gathered around the pond, some dancing, others telling jokes and talking about the events that unfolded earlier during the day.
Folla saw it all happen, and couldn’t believe her eyes. She slowly got up behind her, and expected the yelling to start any second.
But her Aunt didn’t yell, or scream, or blurt out nonsence as Folla had expected. Instead she turned slowly and faced her niece with a warm smile and tired bright blue eyes. Folla, realizing what had happened, quickly jumped into her Aunt’s arms.
All works on Folaji.com are the property of the author or authors of the work and are licensed under a Creative Commons Licence.
Rise of the X-Syndicate (previously called The Folaji Story) is a story set in the World of Warcraft (WoW). It follows the adventures of young Horde and Alliance members, and was originally written as a back story for my many WoW characters.
I’ll admit that this story has grown on me since I began writing it, to the point where it has become a back story for the whole guild. Please note that, although many existing members of the X-Syndicate guild will be named throughout the following story, they do not necessarily agree or approve it and may have ideas of their own on the origin and stories of their characters.
Two years later, as of late last year, he was down to There are certainly some patients who do losa need any reconstruction on their skin but many do need the reconstructive procedure. The argument of the woman above about. However, many cases of loose skin are found in relatively young people who have lost. But, a closer look reveals this logic to. You will be instructed to quit smoking at least six weeks prior to surgery.
Stream hundreds of free workout videos and track them in one click. Get fit at home, at work or wherever you are! Access hundreds of thousands of recipes that are healthy and easy to make. Get full nutrition info for every recipe and track with one skun THE MYTH ABOUT LOOSE SKIN Sunday, May 10, I'm in a skin after 100 pound weight loss group that I go to once a month on a Saturday morning. There's one woman, Debbie, who has lost over pounds. She had gastric bypass two years pouund or so.
She has some hanging skin from what I can see a bit around her face and she says everywhere else too. We wouldn't really know because she skin after 100 pound weight loss wears a big zip up lkss. It's like she's still covering up. I don't know about anyone else, but I have had a "uniform" for several years. Especially this last year. From fall of '08 through the beginning of March when I started my new plan and new way of thinking I wore the same thing every day unless we were going to a restaurant wkin church.
Skin after 100 pound weight loss, a shirt USUALLY a plain solid skin after 100 pound weight loss t-shirt and a big, black, baggy zip-up skin after 100 pound weight loss. Cuz, if no one could actually SEE my fat, that meant they wouldn't know I was fat Did I really think that? Anyway, it may just be for comfort, but it seems Debbie is still hiding under big clothes. And then there's Colleen. She lost pounds - so far, and still a bit to lose - and did it naturally. Right eating and exercise.
She's not hiding out under clothes. The pants she was wearing yesterday were a bit tight and were workout-type pants and you could see every area where she still needed to lose weight. BUT IT WAS OKAY! I was really proud of her cuz it means that she's proud of how she looks skn - even though she's not done. She has come such a long way already and looks good - SO MUCH BETTER than before - and she's cool with people seeing what's really there.
I can't wait to get to that point. So after the group was over we got to chatting. Someone asked her if she was going skih get surgery for her loose skin. I was weitht the same thing. I have actually been planning on doing that myself. I knew it ;ound be expensive since it's elective, cosmetic surgery. So I am skin after 100 pound weight loss going to work it off with a personal trainer.
Of course, I chime in with, "But after losing that amount I am not sure you're skin's elasticity will allow ALL THAT SKIN to shrink up. Colleen says, "My trainer says that he knows how to train people like they do on the Biggest Loser. That he knows how to make your skin shrink back so you won' weivht need surgery. How do you think the people on that show end up so skinny with aftet little or no loose skin?
It's cuz they aren't only doing all that cardio but a really good amount of strength training and weights and eating really well and staying really hydrated. Maybe this was worth checking out further. Later on I was on the phone with my mom, telling her all about that interesting little conversation with Colleen. She suggested I do a search online.
Someone else must have written about this As it turns out, plastic surgeons will tell you that there is no other poynd. And many lsos say, "Well, they are the plastic surgeon. But there are quite a few people out there who believe - and claim to have many testimonies in their arsenal - that a ater who has lost a lot of weight can indeed shrink up their own skin in a healthy and natural way and not need surgery.
Here's the basic idea. Many times after people lose a lot of weight they will say that they are left with hanging skin. Wsight, if you feel the skin on your eyelids - that is skin with no fat underneath. If you have hanging skin on your arms or stomach - pull skih out a bit and pinch it with two fingers. It is absolutely thin and papery feeling like the eyelids - or does it feel a little globby underneath? If so, there is still fat underneath and it's not just "loose skin".
Now, in an article I read, this man skin after 100 pound weight loss an example of a woman who he saw on a talk show. She lost over pounds in a year and had a poound of loose skin. She was about pounds - and rather tall - but he said he could tell from how the skin looked when she showed her "loose skin" that there was still fat underneath.
No, I do not have excess skin. you are probably going to have a less than perfect body after weight loss. after I lose lbs, I will have excess skin. Jul 14, · My lb Weight Loss Journey: Dealing with Loose "WHY DON'T I HAVE LOOSE SKIN " + Pounds Weight Loss Pounds Before and After Weight Loss. What to Expect When You Lose Pounds. health benefits of the weight loss are far more important than tight skin. Oz Weight Loss Secrets. Before and after.
The bride is Irene Ford, and the groom is Elton McLean. Maggie & John A. Ford are sitting on the grass to the right of the bride, their daughter. The Ford farm was on 5th Line at Lower Base Road, Trafalgar Township.
The bride is Irene Ford, and the groom is Elton McLean. Maggie & John A. Ford are sitting on the grass to the right of the bride, their daughter. The ...
“Married. Ford-Featherstone – At the home of the bride’s mother, Milton, Ont., on Sept. 17th, 1921, by Rev E.W. Brearley, M.A. Mary Bell, daughter of Mrs. John Albert Featherstone, to Robert R. Ford, son of Mr. and Mrs. J.A. Ford, Omagh, Ont.”
“Married. Ford-Featherstone – At the home of the bride’s mother, Milton, Ont., on Sept. 17th, 1921, by Rev E.W. Brearley, M.A. Mary Bell, daughter of Mrs. John Albert Featherstone, to ...
Subscribe to receive articles emailed straight to your email account. You may choose multiple categories.
Add fresh, free web content to your site such as newest articles, web tools, and quotes with a single piece of code!
Daya Mukherjee is a Senior Content Writer and Editor working for a Remote Staffing Outsourcing compa...more
Over the last 22 years, I’ve been on a self-renaissance facilitated by many transformational worksho...more
Hey there. I've been programming in some way, shape, or form for the past decade. My background is i...more
I am an essay writer with vast experience in data analysis, PowerPoint writing and research paper ed...more
Lemuel Asibal is a web content writer who also ventures on writing articles and blog posts about anything from different industries such as Computer Technology and Internet Marketing. Of the two mentioned industries, he is more well-acquainted with internet marketing such as Search Engine Optimization. Aside from writing, he is also doing link building to promote the website to major search engines such as Google, Yahoo, and Bing (Microsoft).
We cannot deny to the fact that the world today is in a state of financial crisis. To keep the business going, we have no choice but do our business while the Debt Collection Agency do the rest by collecting payments. However, most of the agencies can be disadvantageous especially in time and cost, ...
If you are a business owner, you may have also experienced right now that you will be a credit controller as well. Therefore, you will need to look at the credit control system and the reason of its importance. Though you may receive many sales on...
Every year, a number of business firms in Australia face the problem of losing money from the coffers because clients do not pay for products and services you provided for them. Many business firms would contact an Australian Debt Recovery service...
Businesses in Australia face problems in debt collection. During the times where cash flows were still abundant, there will always money to pay the expenditures and sales were still booming. However, Economy has changed ever since crisis grew worst. Therefore,
Leopard Geckos are one of the few animals which you can mix and match colors and genes by breeding--exactly what leopard gecko breeders have been found exciting. They are pretty popular due to their arsenal of colors and patt...
Owning an exotic animal is quite cool nowadays. It is a growing hobby all over the world. One of the most popular exotic pets are the geckos, such as carrot tail leopard gecko to name one. They are easy to take care of an...
Crested leopard geckos or Rhacodactylus ciliatus are lovable creatures that are quite easy to handle. First of all, this species of lizard does not bite. In addition, they come in various colors and patterns that are very pleasant to look at. A cre...
Everything big started from being small in the past. If you are dreaming of owning a big corporation, you have to have stepping stones towards achieving that dream. Of course, you have to start from a small business. Starting up a business is pretty hard. The biggest task that you will be encount...
Technology is a way of life—so is the audio visual equipment. Audio visual equipment such as computers, plasma display, projectors, sound systems, and many others are already a part of everyday life. These things are often used to make events possible and...
LCD projector rental service providing is another booming market, a component of audio visual rental industry. The reason why availing of rental services has become a viable option...
Steve Bye is currently a fiction writer, who published his first novel, ‘Looking Forward Through The...more
Author of four books and two screenplays; frequent magazine contributor. I have four other books "in...more
Susan Friesen, founder of the award-winning web development and digital marketing firm eVision Media...more
For the time being just a newbie in the Insurance Industry but a quick learner, soon-to-be expert Ja...more
Sandy Fischel is the marketing director at And Above All YOGA, a wholly owned division of The Fische...more
Rev Bresciani is the author of two Christian books. One book is an important and concisely written b...more
Michael Mifsud was a House of Commons Commonwealth correspondent at the age of 16. He published Brit...more
Technology has produced our lifestyle much more luxurious and comfy. It has spawned many gadgets without which we can not envision our life. Physique dryers are one much more addition to this lengthy list of devices which makes lifestyle a small more livable.
Additionally, you will probably want to purchase various offers (chemical compounds for the water, a testing package, a brand new cartridge filter, and probably a scorching tub cowl).
The contractor should give you a packet containing a variety of documents, such as inspection reports, as well as documents associated with your permits. This ought to be a question you ask prior to you employ a contractor.
If you are using different airlines to get to your destination, or strategy to use local airlines as soon as you get there, check the baggage allowances for each of the airlines you intend utilizing. The majority of the smaller, budget airways have lower baggage allowances and will sting you for becoming over excess weight baggage. I have noticed numerous very indignant travellers who have suddenly discovered they have to spend quite significant costs to be in a position to total their journeys. Also, remember when packing that you are liable to deliver much more stuff back again with you that you take!
Sort your tools by venture, in numerous tool boxes. For occasion, 1 toolbox might include tools for plumbing projects. The contents may include a pipe wrench, numerous pipe fittings and PVC glue. Another box could maintain electrical wholesaler such as fuses, switches and zip ties. This will help you discover your resources simpler, whenever you need them.
You should also keep in mind that merely shifting a tub places a entire new set of stresses on the plumbing, tub shell, and body. An unnoticable crack within the spa sitting at its distinctive location will possible be made even worse by loading it on a truck and shifting it. That is very accurate if the bathtub has been fixed sometime in the past. So merely simply because each little factor was higher-quality if you checked it out, does not imply it will most likely be exactly the similar while you finish your move and set up.
Get a great mover – A good moving business is extremely important. You won’t want to allow any men carry your valuable vase, only to crack it along the journey. Discover out from your friends if they have any great movers that they have used. Spend some time on researching for a great shifting business. Believe in me, it’s worth your time and effort.
TP-Link AC1750 Wifi Router for $60. Normally $80. Most routers have fair or negative reviews, but this one has few complaints.
TP-Link Gigabit Adapter for PCIe Slots in a Desktop PC for $10. We bought a couple for our PC servers and desktops. Works well with both Linux and Windows computers.
This deal came from The Hot Deals Club. Click here to visit the site for more deals such as this one.
Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in San Marcos has become one of the most popular dogs/owner activities in San Marcos. Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in San Marcos can expand the bond between you and your dog to help achieve your pet’s potential.
At Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in San Marcos, you will develop communication and reinforce obedience skills. You will boost your dog’s confidence and alertness. Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in San Marcos offers individual training and handling classes. And of course, we think training is just plain fun! Contact Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in San Marcos today.
5 stars for Hot Dog On A Leash. My golden retriever Jackson had been to many trainers, but the issues were never resolved. I can now walk Jackson with or without a leash and not have to worry about being pulled down. He loves going to Puppy Camp, 5 days a week, and has even gotten over his fear of water. Jackson also went through the Therapy Dog Program that Hot Dog On A Leash offers and gives kisses on a daily basis. Paws up for this amazing company and the trainers!
As an client of Heather and Randy’s, I applaud their dedication to protect a dog they’re pet sitting. I feel extremely comfortable allowing them to come into my home and take my puppy to play for awhile!! Our dogs ALWAYS HAVE FUN and are alwsys return safe and very tired 🙂
When I have the occasion to bring my own dog, he plays with the dogs brought to the park by Heather/Randy and LOVES LOVES LOVES the attention he gets from them as well! An OUTSTANDING team of PROFESSIONALS all around!!!
Hazel is a Carin Terrier. She would run out the door to chase squirrels and rabbits and not come back when called. We always had to walk her on a leash for fear of her running off at our beach house. We were referred to Hot Dog On A Leash and Hazel is now off leash and comes back when called. Thank you to the wonderful trainers at Hot Dog On A Leash.
We rescued a 7 month old cocker/poodle last July. We are his 4th home! Needless to say, he had some definite behavioral issues. After only 5 weeks of training, he has shown remarkable improvement! We are ALL much happier! Randy and Heather are extremely knowledgable, experienced and professional. We are so impressed with the results that we have decided to continue with “therapy and service dog training”.
I couldn’t be happier with the care and attention my 7 month old husky puppy is getting with her training. We started Rogue at 5 months old in Basic Obedience and have since moved up to Advance Obedience training. I have always had prompt replies with all the staff and flexibility with scheduling.
I feel a tremendous amount of pride when my friends tell me I have such a awesome dog. It’s Hot Dog On A Leash’s understanding and enthusiasm that makes them such great trainers. Our daily routine has gone from a disconnected disaster to flawless joy! 5 STARS. Keep up the awesome work!
Heather communicated quickly and followed up on some concerns expeditiously and is working with us to help ensure that our challenges are addressed. The initial training went well and Heather’s professional follow-up on their guarantee is greatly appreciated.
Please call to make an appointment for your private tour today. Conveniently located in the LaCosta area of Carlsbad. Address is for mailing purposes only.
129 charity detox what charity would look like if we cared about results by robert d lupton 2015 07 07 no short description charity detox what charity would look like if we cared about results by robert d lupton 2015 07 07 because this is pdf file * PDF *
"The fact that most people are too stupid to know how dumb they really are, is the fabric holding our society together"
I am amazed at how many Viewlet Authors (most with a single user license) buy a new computer and forget to remove their license from their Viewlet Authoring software (ViewletBuilder or ViewletQuiz) on their old system. When they install the software on the new computer and go to activate the license again, they, of course, are not able to do this because it is showing on our servers as still being activated on a different computer. Then, unfortunately, they have to waste time contacting Qarbon, losing a little bit more time while our licensing staff researches the activity on their license, and (if all is fine), our staff resolves the issue remotely, allowing the Viewlet Author to then activate the same license on their new machine.
There also seems to be an increase in the number of Viewlet Authors asking "Can I move my license from my desktop to my laptop?" (or something similar). The answer is always, "Yes, but make sure you deactivate it FIRST on the current computer that it is activated on..."
So, in this post, I want to revisit the topic of not only license activation, deactivation and reactivation. I also want to address another, perhaps less common issue--how to activate your license on a computer WITHOUT INTERNET ACCESS (there's a post I will point you to on this last scenario at the end of this blog).
We are starting here since we are assuming you want to move your license from a computer on which it is already activated to another computer.
To learn more about the license activation and deactivation process, check out one of these videos (in the format of your choice) for more information:
Finally, as I stated earlier in this post, there is another, less common issue. If you need to activate your license on a computer that does NOT have access to the Internet, check out the steps to do this, posted by James (thanks, James!) elsewhere in this forum.
The most recent HATCH exhibition at the Chicago Artists Coalition brings together three artists whose work is deeply grounded in techniques that add dimension to their imagery and challenge a modern expectation of photography in a digital world. “Body as Image,” curated by Sabrina Greig, investigates how the body can be understood to interact with our pixelated present.
Experienced Technical Director Needed for the 34th Annual production of Ballet Legere THE NUTCRACKER
Since launching in 2005, Chicago Artists Resource has been committed to sustaining vibrant and accessible artistic communities through our online platform. In the 2016 - 2017 Fiscal Year, CAR was visited 1,789,806 times, with 1,255,298 unique sessions. CAR has 13,491 Facebook fans and 5,977 Twitter followers. Every job posting, call for artists, and event posting reaches nearly 80,000 users each month in the vibrant artistic community of the Chicago region and nationally. If you are making a post today, we ask that you donate the following suggested amounts. Featured Listings are posted above the general listings and featured on every page.
[NOTE: If you have not registered an account with CAR and/or logged in, please do so prior to making payment.]
Search for specific calls for artists by entering keywords and/or choosing from the lists of types, locations, deadline types and disciplines and then clicking "Submit." The default results list all current calls sorted by the date it was posted to the site. CAR will delete any posts that violate an artist's or organization's copyright.
TU Company Class - A Physical Approach to Greek Tragedy: Agamemnon Class, Workshop Outer Space Studios Tuesday, October 16, 2018 - 11:30pm to Tuesday, November 20, 2018 - 11:30pm
THE LAKES by Daniel Glenn, an acting/directing showcase Performance Stage 773's "The Cab" Tuesday, October 23, 2018 - 8:00pm to Wednesday, October 24, 2018 - 10:00pm
Visions of Sugar Plums – A Nutcracker Fundraiser Benefit Ruth Page Center for the Arts Sunday, November 18, 2018 - 4:00pm to 7:00pm
Sunday Salon Chicago Lit Event Book Signing, Reading The Reveler Sunday, November 18, 2018 - 7:00pm to 8:00pm
Adult Ballet III with Betsy Herskind! Class, Community, Workshop, Young Artists Joel Hall Dancers & Center Monday, November 19, 2018 - 9:30am
Porchlight Music Theatre announces New Faces Sing Broadway 1964 Performance The Arts Club of Chicago Monday, November 19, 2018 - 7:30pm to Tuesday, November 20, 2018 - 9:00pm
Adult Ballet II with Van Collins!! Class, Community, Workshop, Young Artists Joel Hall Dancers & Center Tuesday, November 20, 2018 - 11:30am
ArtBeat Chicago Exhibit, Performance, Other Event Lacuna Lofts Friday, November 23, 2018 - 7:00pm to Saturday, November 24, 2018 - 12:30am
Nuts and Bolts: In the Mix Community, Performance Beverly Arts Center Sunday, November 25, 2018 - 3:00pm to 4:30pm
Nuts and Bolts: In the Mix Community, Performance Beverly Arts Center Sunday, November 25, 2018 - 7:30pm
Adult Ballet III with Betsy Herskind! Class, Community, Workshop, Young Artists Joel Hall Dancers & Center Monday, November 26, 2018 - 9:30am
What about a family vacation to South Padre during spring break? South Padre Island is a great destination for families. There are many beach.
Universal Studios Vacation Packages Florida Residents There are several ways Florida residents can save money at the Disney theme parks in Orlando. Tickets can be purchased by the day or in special packages and passes. special hotel room rates at all the Universal Orlando on. VACATION PACKAGE INCLUDES. 3-Night Hotel Accommodations; 3-Park 3-Day Park-to-Park Florida Resident Ticket^ to Universal Studios Florida™,
Westgate Vacation Villas Orlando Fl Tv Lineup After receiving a flier from Oak Hammock at the University of Florida, they decided to take a tour while. That is in addition to 200 independent living apartments and 69 villas and club homes. The state regulates the number of. Westgate Vacation Villas delivers resort-style amenities, Westgate Vacation Villas 7700 Westgate Blvd. Kissimmee, FL 34747.
It’s also a great time for family vacations and trips to the beach. https://investorplace.com/2015/04/spring-break-stocks-to-buy-amc-vail-vail-resorts-mtn-norwegian-cruise-line-nclh/.
The center’s chairperson — Flat Rock Police Chief John Leacher — said the cruise would strengthen youth activities and promote a Spring Break experience for the whole family. “The coalition’s efforts have already shown a reduction in.
Apr 18, 2017. Family cruises have become the perfect vacation getaway for multigenerational families. There's literally something for everyone when aboard a cruise ship. From fine dining to video game competitions, you'll never lack for anything to do. As long as you plan accordingly, your vacation getaway should be.
At Clearwater Marine Aquarium, less than half a mile from family-friendly Clearwater Beach, kids not only see Winter, an inspirational bottlenose dolphin with a.
Thinking about spring break in the Caribbean? Brian Hegarty of Travel Leaders. Dominica and the Virgin Islands. Cruise ships have returned to all ports, and several Princess cruises are offering passengers voluntourism.
School’s out for the week, and spring break is a great time for family bonding. Whether you’re looking for a blast of sunlight to recharge your soul until summer or.
(AP) — A 21-year-old Virginia Tech student on spring break went overboard. Smook’s family released a statement through Virginia Tech thanking the Coast Guard for its efforts. The statement said Smook was on the cruise with.
Cruise and Land Vacation Travel Planning by Cruise Holidays Travel Specialists. Cruise Holidays of Marlboro New Jersey. Cruise and Land Vacation Travel Agency specializing in family, luxury, business, customer service and special promotions, travel needs.
Sailings for Winter/Spring (January through May) went on sale for Platinum and Gold Castaway Club members on October 26, 2016 and everyone else on October 27, 2016. Star Wars Day at Sea cruise dates. Jump to: 2018 Itineraries; 2018 Holiday Cruises, Themed Cruise & Other Special Cruises; 2018 Drydock Plans.
Ideas for family vacations with teens. C. Stapen. By Candyce H. Stapen. Curious and active, teens like new experiences. No matter what adventures you choose to take with your teens, be sure to include them in the decision-making and schedule plenty of down time for relaxing and bonding. But you may need a few ideas.
Fill out the form below and get epic offerings from island condos and hotels. It’s your first step in making Spring Break Island yours.
The Caribbean is a perfect destination for a family cruise, or reunion, for couples traveling together, for groups large and small, for a romantic destination wedding or honeymoon. It is truly a. This is also a popular destination for holiday celebrations, like Spring Break, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. If you are.
Hopper.com says the most popular Caribbean destinations for spring break are Montego Bay. Dominica and the Virgin Islands. Cruise ships have returned to all ports, and several Princess cruises are offering passengers voluntourism.
More traveling advice, including safety tips for spring break. Never before has there. Last, but not least, what is your cruise budget? There is a cruise perfectly suited for you and your family – and now is the time to take advantage of.
Jan 7, 2018. The Breakaway encountered “stronger than forecasted weather conditions” due to the storm, according to Norwegian Cruise Line.
Search for your next Disney vacation. Disney Cruise Line is celebrating the keel laying of the Disney Dream Cruise Ship, the first newly designed ship destined to expand family cruise options to more of. Experience Disney's traditions of extraordinary family entertainment and superb service while you ride the waves.
Experience an unforgettable family cruise vacation when you cruise with Norwegian Cruise Line. Find your fun-filled family cruise package today and learn more about.
With snow in the Northeast forecast for the upcoming weekend, families are ready to enjoy some warm weather on their spring break family vacation. Now is definitely.
Dec 22, 2017. Just note that longer cruises tend to have older crowds, which can be nice if you' re on a honeymoon. Cruises in March and April tend to be full of spring breakers and families. And different cruise lines tend to attract different clientele. Go on TripAdvisor and see what people say about the passengers who.
When the public schools let out for Spring Break each March, families are looking for a way to spend their week-long Spring Break. Texas is full of great, family.
Spring Breakers heading to Texas during March have a variety of options, as Texas offers several fun-filled Spring Break destinations.
Mar 28, 2017. Instead, book your cruise at the time of the deployment announcement; that is, when the new schedules and itineraries are made public, usually 18 months ahead. Early booking means stateroom selection is wide open. Don't get stuck with an adjoining room next to the Loud Family or under the Disco or the.
Breakers also visit other parts of the Keys, with many staying in the second homes of family or friends. The Monroe County Sheriff’s Office is just doing its usual work. "It appears we do not have anything extra going on for Spring.
Don’t have plans for spring break, but itching to get away? There are plenty of last-minute options that won’t break the bank. Cheapflights.com has pulled together 25.
According to an op-ed published by the Yucatan Times on Friday, a group of Americans on spring break began chanting “build that wall” during "a family show” aboard a Cancun cruise ship filled with local residents and Mexican tourists.
Cruises from Cape Liberty Cruise Port in Bayonne, New Jersey, primarily sail to the Caribbean year-round. During the summer and fall months, another major destination for cruises from Bayonne is Bermuda. Royal Caribbean is currently the largest cruise line with cruises from Cape Liberty. Cruises Departing Bayonne : By.
Many area students plan to make the most of their spring break from school this week. Many students join their families on vacations out-of-town, while others stay closer to home, catching up on happenings in their.
For example, a single would have a dreadful time on a honeymoon cruise. Or, someone looking for a black tie event and fine wine would lose their mind on a ship meant for college spring break. in choosing the perfect cruise ship from.
Disney Cruise Line. · March 8 at 7:00am ·. Summer 2019 bookings are now open, so there's no better time to discover amazing destinations and special sailings with your family. First time on a Disney Cruise to the Eastern Caribbean aboard the Disney Fantasy for spring break 2017! Booked our next cruise before we.
"Carnival has done a great deal to distance themselves from being considered Spring Break USA," Stewart Chiron, a Miami cruise expert and chief executive of CruiseGuy.com, told ABC News. "They want a fun, family experience on.
For Spring Break 2018, University of Michigan students will be taking over the stunning Norwegian Sky. Join your fellow classmates as we sail out of Miami to the.
Although "spring break" may conjure up visions of partying college students, there are plenty of great destinations where families and couples won’t feel out of place.
Looking for ideas on spring break family vacations? Check out this list full of family friendly spring break vacation destinations trending in 2018.
Often, our favorite child actors are secretly performing in today’s most popular children’s cartoons, creating family-friendly fare for a while. shows for MTV.
Consultant Ryan Barson and his wife, Heather, can identify the moment they knew they’d made the right decision to hold a family reunion aboard a. told The Post during Allure’s seven-night cruise over spring break in March. “My in-laws.
View our stunning range of ATOL protected family friendly cruise holidays and deals. Find your perfect Family cruise holiday today with Thomas Cook.
Cruise holidays are perfect for families, offering exceptional value for money and lots for everyone to do. Sunway offer a great selection of Family Cruise Package Holidays for you.
Whether you want to enjoy the relaxed vibe of an all-inclusive resort, sail the seven seas on a cruise with hundreds of lesbians, or immerse yourself in the culture of a new destination, we have a vacation that's sure to fit your style. The Olivia Experience is about women having fun together, making friends – and maybe even.
All Christian Cruises has offered uplifting and wholesome three-, four-, seven-, and eight-day cruises for Christian singles, couples, and families since 2001. report feeling relaxed and refreshed after returning from an All Christian Cruises vacation and praise the company for its educational and inspirational programming.
And with spring break around the corner, there are some red flags you should look for when it comes to travel deals. It was a vacation cruise deal that seemed too good to pass up for Melissa Eller and her family. “I was trying to do.
Vacation In Bloomington Il Dec 23, 2017. By Howard Packowitz. BLOOMINGTON – It looks like central Illinois will have a white Christmas. The season's first major snowfall might boost holiday spirits, but it's likely to be accompanied by hazardous driving conditions on one of the year's busiest travel days. The National Weather Service has issued a. Prepare for a
May 15, 2017. Cruising with kids is a convenient and fun way to explore the world. Many new cruise ships are like floating resorts with seemingly endless options to keep all ages entertained. Meanwhile your family is transported from destination to destination, while unpacking just once. Like any vacation, though, a cruise.
Beach destinations remain popular, but travelers are also using spring break to explore Europe, Asia and other parts of the world. And while college students and 20-somethings love their March and April getaways, families with young.
The un-official Spring Break Website for info on events, concerts, nightclubs, packages, and deals for college spring break 2018 trips and cruises.
If only all my work painted itself! These are little, clay creatures that I made during my studies, just for the sake of it. As I soon realized it wasn’t very essential to any of my projects I abandoned them. Margaret Sturton took care of some of them and painted them with her signature colored dots and red noses and cheeks (check out her profile for more of her lovely, happy creatures). I’m keeping the first as it’s a tiny, happy Sadness, all the others are looking for a new home (update: all of them found a new home, including happy Sadness)
Posted on April 9, 2018 May 13, 2018 Posted in 3D, NewsTagged Cambridge School of Art, Ceramics, Character design, Collaboration, MA Children's Book Illustration
Max Brown is CEO, Brewmaster, and Proprietor of Hop Heavy. He is 25 years old and has worked as a Store Manager for Starbucks Coffee Company in Concord, CA since 2011. He enjoys most craft brews, however IPAs are his favorite (hops!). The breweries that have been the most inspirational to him over the course of his brewing career are Stone Brewing Company, Russian River Brewing Company, and Heretic Brewing Company. He and his wife Rochelle started this business together in hopes of creating a legacy for their family. They had their first child in November of 2015 and strive to make this a family-oriented business. Max is an active member of the Diablo Order of Zymiracle Enthusiasts (Club DOZE) and the American Homebrewers Association (AHA). Max loves attending brew festivals where he can mingle with the brewing community and share information about different techniques while promoting Hop Heavy.
Eric Ruff is the Head Brewer here at Hop Heavy. He’s a passionate, self-taught brewer and business owner who has always had a knack for figuring out how and why things work. As many brewers do, Eric started around three years ago brewing as a hobby with nothing but a starter kit. He took his time learning all he could from home brewing books, websites, and podcasts (Brewing Network is his favorite) to hone his technique. From the knowledge he gained, he quickly started developing his own recipes through trial and error, eventually creating some amazing brews. In 2015, his Belgian Ale won best in class at the California State Homebrew Competition. Being involved in the homebrewing community is very important to him. He is an active member of the Diablo Order of Zymiracle Enthusiasts (Club DOZE) and the American Homebrewers Association (AHA) where he loves learning from others as well as sharing his knowledge. Eric and his wife Christine are excited for this opportunity to be a part of the Hop Heavy team alongside Max and Rochelle and look forward to an exciting future at Hop Heavy.
Over the past few years, we have developed a passion for brewing craft beer. It all started in 2012 when we brewed our first batch on the stove in our first home. It was a copycat recipe of Pliny the Elder from Russian River Brewing Company. Russian River, along with Dogfish Head and Stone Brewing Company is where our inspiration and passion for brewing craft beer came from. As time progressed, brewing beer with a tiny starter kit was not enough. We eventually built our own brew stand in order to brew bigger batches easier in our garage. By August of 2014, we decided it was time to build a brewery and make a name for ourselves. That's when Hop Heavy Brewing Co. came to life. With the help of family and friends, we built a small brewing space in our garage to start production. The entire build took just under a year starting with the framing of the actual room, to construction, to completion. To see the entire process of our build, please check out our page on Facebook.
During this time, we also became active members of Club DOZE, the Homebrewers Association, and the Craft Brewers Association. We have consistently attended several events and festivals such as the Northern California Homebrewers Festival (NCHF), National Homebrewers Conference (NHC), and the Craft Brewers Conference (CBC) in order to increase our knowledge of the craft beer community. We are dedicated to perfecting our craft and making enjoyable craft beer.
Since finishing the build of our in-home brewing space, we began brainstorming how we can share our beer with the general public. We eventually decided to open a taproom in Concord, CA. The taproom is currently under construction and we’re looking to open its doors for the first time in June, 2016. The craft beer community is beginning to thrive in the Bay Area and we want to be apart of it. Having a location close to home is very important to us so Concord was an easy choice for location. Our goal is to be involved in our community and make the East Bay an even better place to live.
The taproom will have an industrial feel while keeping an inviting environment. There are many different options in the Bay Area for people to go and enjoy a beer, but you don't see many taprooms that derive from home brewing. We are very excited for our future in Concord. Please join us in our craft beer journey.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Constable Doug Littlewood at DOUGLASL@chatham-kent.ca or 519-436-6600 extension #87288. Anonymous callers may call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) and may be eligible for a cash reward.
Sometime overnight on Saturday, police say suspects smashed the front door of a business on Queen St. in Chatham.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Constable Kelly McCormack at kellyw@chatham-kent.ca or 519-436-6600 extension #85188. Anonymous callers may call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) and may be eligible for a cash reward.
A 28-year-old Chatham man was arrested for driving impaired. The officer took the man to police headquarters for further breath tests.
Police say the breath tests revealed that the man had twice the legal limit of alcohol in his system. He was also charged for having a blood alcohol concentration above the legal limit.
The municipality has placed a 72-hour ban that prohibits vehicles from being parked on municipal streets and roads so that snowplows can clear away the snow.
BlackburnNews.com is a network of local newsrooms providing timely, accurate multimedia coverage of Southwestern and Midwestern Ontario.
Ознакомиться со списком моек акции Специальная цена на измельчитель пищевых отходов InSinkErator в комплекте с мойкой BLANCO!
The official CyanogenMod 12 (CM12) is out for the Nexus 6! CyanogenMod ROMS are the most widely used and available custom ROM for Android and for a good reason. CyanogenMod is supported for thousands of devices and help older legacy devices still be able to update to the latest version Android even when they don’t officially get an update from the manufacture.
CM12 ROM for the Nexus 6 is the very first official build that was released today! The first build includes profiles like work, home, night, etc. These profiles can be each individually changed to your preference. CM12 also includes status bar brightness control, volume to wake up device, weather in the status bar, and options to change the way the navigation keys react to input, however I haven’t been able to get that feature to work!
This ROM also includes AudioFX for advanced sound setting options and also Music app. The basics like WiFi, data, Bluetooth, calling, camera, etc all work great! With all the essential parts of CM12 working great you can use this ROM as a daily driver!
1. This is an Android 5.1 Lollipop-based release – update your third party addons to ensure compatibility
2. The CM backupscript.sh in recovery will ignore and remove incompatible applications from your system partition (these are usually non-CM apps that users have opted to install). You must install a compatible app (or app pack) to regain that functionality
3. You can flash CM12.1 nightlies directly from CM11 M12 or CM 11 nightlies (no need to wipe), provided you read and followed items 1 and 2
4. Once on CM12.1 nightlies, you cannot downgrade back to CM11 without wiping – if you are thinking of just exploring the release, then take a backup of your existing installation if you want to go back to it.
All article in our site is about android firmware, rooting, twrp, rom customize and repair, so please becareful, make do backup first before updating firmware.
Google Apps For Android 5.0 Lollipop Arm64 [Stock/Full/Mini/Micro/Nano/Pico] Need to download a Gapps package Flashable.zip for your Android 5.0 Lollipop Arm64 devices e.g Xiaomi, Zenfone, Meizu and more, this is your central place to get the perfect Gapps build! With 7 different variants of Gapps for you to download you’re going to find the perfect one that fits your needs…
Founded by Derek Brewer, a Chaucer specialist and subsequently Professor of English and Master of Emmanuel College, D.S. Brewer specializes in the Medieval Literature of England and France.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By using our website you agree to our use of these cookies. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy page.
The Yankees are bracing for bad news about slugger Gary Sanchez, who left Sunday's game against the Tampa Bay Rays with a groin injury.
"What can I say, that's how baseball is sometimes". Sanchez said through an interpreter. "Now I'm just hoping it's not a long time".
He appeared to suffer the injury running to first base when he grounded into a 6-4-3 double play in the 10th inning.
Yankees manager Aaron Boone said Sanchez hurt his right groin/hip abductor and "it's probably going to be a DL situation".
Boone said Kyle Higashioka, the only available catcher on the 40-man roster, is likely to be the player called up to replace Sanchez.
Higashioka is hitting.191 with five home runs and 22 RBIs in 51 games this season for Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
Sanchez, 25, was excellent for the Yankees last season, hitting.278 with 33 home runs and 90 RBI in 122 games. His inability to stay healthy is a major concern, however, especially given the Yankees started well this year and are a legitimate playoff contender.
NOTE: The signup column shows both the number of characters and the number of members that are signed up for an event. The format is (Characters - Members)
##Art lighting, Stage Costume Design, Puppetry, Restoration, Performance. Freestyle PROD. mostly based on recycling\scrap metal, fabrics, wood, nature.
Hope this vid - Smelly Stink feet makes your penis larger, so you must be interested in these porn tubes video, sex free. Also check out another porn niches Feet and Fetish.
Adrian Flux is an expert insurance policy broker as well as we understand the significance of practical as well as differed cover for messenger vans. Turn their attention to the Arena Football League? I saw a lot of website but I conceive this one has something special in it. He finished with six carries for 18 yards while taking part on just nine snaps. Koncentrationen av ADM ökar med ökande svårighetsgrad av diabeteskomplikationer som nefropati. You should consider people with uncommon grains, the all natural patterns created from the branching network with the tree. Although we do not pre screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to cheap basketball jerseys disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request.
Zariyah. i love to treavel and see new places, get new experience :)) and in my company u will never feel bord ;)
Den här webbplatsen använder cookies. I found your blog using msn. Any kind of company that sells goods in a van or auto whether the goods belong to business or a client. What youre stating is completely genuine. Petra TungÃ¥rden I have understand your stuff previous to and you are just extremely fantastic. As insurance policy brokers our task is to assist you understand your needs, assist you manage your insurance risk and suggest a suitable solution. My family all enjoyed the new flavor and would like to have it become a regular option.
Colette. unique tantric rituals for those who looking for focus your inner energy with a deep d-stress and unforgettable real pleasure
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Anal, Creampie, Lesbian, Masturbation, Skinny, Milf etc.
18. ANNE5 FAUX (WILLIAM4, THOMAS3, HUSBAND2, HUSBAND1) was born 1772 in Keynsham, Som, Eng, and died 1849 in Keynsham, Som, Eng.
She married THOMAS SHORT 7 April 1791 in St John the Baptist, Bedminster, Som, Eng. He was born 1768 in Keynsham, Som, Eng, and died 1840 in Keynsham, Som, Eng.
Is there a more romantic image than candle-lit sailboats on a nighttime harbor, each one glowing with ambience? These charming tealight holders make an impeccable presentation at every place setting, as the tealights within illuminate their frosted glass sails. They work great with springtime, summertime, or nautically themed weddings, especially. Sold in sets of four – tealight candles included. Each sailboat measures 3" x 3.5".
Felicity Bolton finally feels like she has moved on with her life She misses her friends and family back in Creswell Springs, but now she has new friends a new family She has found the peace that she lost the night she lost her unborn child She would do anything to protect her newfound family, even if that meant facing the devil himself The minute Jet Hannigan walks baFelicity Bolton finally feels like she has moved on with her life She misses her friends and family back in Creswell Springs, but now she has new friends a new family She has found the peace that she lost the night she lost her unborn child She would do anything to protect her newfound family, even if that meant facing the devil himself The minute Jet Hannigan walks back into her life that s exactly what she has to do Jet Hannigan is officially a free man With his parole lifted he can finally do what he s been aching to do, go after the only woman who will ever own his heart He s known where she is for months and has been impatiently waiting for the day he could reclaim her What he wasn t excepting was to have to pull out the big guns and blackmail her into returning to Creswell Springs with him With everything going on with Flick s boss, and the media circus surrounding the chaos, Jet thought the safest place for her was home where he and his brothers could protect her Instead he brings her home to a war zone.
SPOILERS - not really a 3 or 2 2.5 rating. I have to say I was disappointed with this one. I liked the hero Jet and although I felt bad that the heroine Flick/Felicity had lost her baby in a brutal attack I did not like her. I much rather Jet had moved on. To me Flick came off as childish and selfish, not a type of heroine I tend to like. I couldn't understand why Flick would risk Jet getting caught and possibly getting life in prison by asking him to kill a man (who was also in prison) that had [...]
Ok so being as in love with Terri's writing as I am I have to say I'm shocked I never read these, and honestly very disappointed in myself. If you've read the Rocker Series you know that's a tough act to follow for any author but I never doubted this author for a second. If anybody can do it she can ;)Once again I was rightd oh how I love that feeling lol. Mrs Browning completely blew me away. I got all 4 books read in 3 days.s and that's only because I had 3 little lives that depend on me or it [...]
Flick ran off to start a new life. One without Jet and the memory of their unborn baby. She found Emmie Armstrong and The Rockers. Her new life is a nanny to Emmie & Nik Armstrong. Demons Wings is on tour and they are having a hard time dealing with a stalker. Jet has been on parole and is not allowed to leave the county yet. As soon as he is able he is going to get his woman. Jet knows where Flick is, he saw her briefly in the background on the news station with The Demons.Jet is now a free [...]
Reviewed @ Confessions From Romaholics Review copy kindly provided by author in exchange for a honest reviewEver since I read the first Angel Halo book I have been waiting for this story. I wanted Flick and Jet’s story bad as I wanted to know what made them tick. What made them the way that they were. Bitter and harden by the events that took place that changed their lives and forced them apart. We heard parts of their story from others but never till now we really got a chance to get into the [...]
I couldn't wait to read Felicity and Jet's story. I hated when she left, but I totally understood why she felt she had to go. She had suffered so much between the attack and the loss of her baby. My heart broke for Jet who was unable to go after her for so long. When he finally doesholy hell that man is one sizzling biker man. He knows that Felicity's place is with their family and he will do whatever he has to do to make that happen. I wanted them back together and I loved watching that happen. [...]
I was looking forward to this book. However I found it to be a bit boring. I don't feel like this series is very well developed compared to other MC series. I really think $3.99 for a book of this quality and duration is quite high, especially when you compare it to some other authors in this genre - Lina Andersson, Cat Porter, Lauren Gilley - who all produce excellent and engaging books.
Sorry, I read this book because h was Mia's nanny from The Rocker series. And the glimpse in the author's FB was about her and all Demon's Wings. The beginning was good, but after she went back home, the whole MC business was too confusing to continue. CAN'T BE READ AS STANDALONE.
The fourth book in the Angel’s Halo series focuses on Jet Hannigan, the former leader of the Angel’s Halo MC and Felicity (Flick), the BFF to Raven and Jet’s former girlfriend. If you haven’t read this series, then close your eyes and scroll down to get at least the first book and understand what’s happening here.Still with me? Okay…moving on.The novel starts with the backstory, two years ago when Felicity finds out she’s pregnant, and tells Jet. Of course, being young and stupid, [...]
Reclaimed by Terri Anne BrowningJet and Flick have a history, one fateful night destroyed something so precious to them both and the consequences of that night meant that so much had changed in the face of their relationship.Jet has been in prison which is mentioned in the three previous books, once he is released, he waits out his probation before he can go and find Flick. Flick is now working for Emmie Armstrong (I love the overlap with the rocker and MC world) and is slowly healing from the p [...]
I have anxiously anticipated Flick and Jet's story since book one in the Angel's Halo series. I was over the moon to finally get it. Terri Anne did not disappoint she gave us a wonderful angst ridden, sexy tale. I loved how Jet admitted in his POV that he always loved Flick but was too much of a coward to do anything about it. He finally steps up and when he gets released from prison after serving a few years for beating to death his VP who nearly killed Flick and made her lose their baby. Jet i [...]
5 StarsI got hooked on Terri Anne's books when I first picked up the Rocker series and I have loved this series just as much. I have been dying to get my hands on Jet and Flick's story since we first read about them and I finally got it yesterday!! This book was pretty emotional at times, I have to admit I shed a few tears alongside Flick. The loss of a child is heartbreaking and something I wish no one ever had to endure but life is cruel like that. We see a completely different side to Jet in [...]
3.5 Angelic Stars This is a story of a second chance love that has an edge of darkness to it. Girl has a best friend that is part of a MC family and said girl falls in love with said best friend's oldest brother, it all falls apart and said girl leaves town. Fast forward to the future and they both are in contact again.I'm enjoyed the carmardarie and banter between the club which consists mainly of family and close friends made throughout the years. This has minor angst and for me I would of enj [...]
Terri Anne Browning never fails to tell a beautiful love story and this one was no different. It is set in the gritty outlaw mc world with crossovers to mafia and rock gods and tells a story of second chances and love so strong that it can not only save but destroy. Loved it!! (13.1.16)17.2.18 have always loved this series. very well written, characters you will love, and great storylines. back to the start as the latest book in the series has just been released. no hardship in this decision it [...]
Felicity's heart had already been broken in the first book, and it took three books for her to get her HEA. It was a long rocky road for her and Jet, but it was a good ride. Some of the action was a little fast making the book seem a little anticlimactic. With so many stories intersecting the plot lines got a little crossed. If you are looking for an entertaining series to get lost in for a little while this series is for you. Don't try and read it without reading the demons wings and other worl [...]
4.5 stars!I am really liking this series. Very different yet familiar from Ms. Browning's rocker series. this one was special because of the crossover between the two series. Flick has been hiding out as a nanny for the Nik and Em Armstrong's children. Things get heated while the rock band is touring and all the news coverage allows Jett to finally locate her. The two of them have unfinished business. He brings her home to set things right.There is a fair bit of MC violence in this story. We cat [...]
Jet and FlickAmen those two FINALLY made it !!Big ar*e smile from me and two double thumbs in the air as a sign of my delight about this book !"Another awesome one banged out there Terri Anne !!. Just please hurry up with Raider and Colt's booksI'm feeling needy xxLater peeps xxx
Angel's Halo: Reclaimed (Angel's Halo MC, #4) Just released today, of course I had to start reading it when it showed up on my kindle early this morning. Reclaimed is the 4th book in this series, and its Flick's and Jet story. Great Read!Another great read and Terri Anne Browning is another one of my favorite authors, can wait for the next book in this series.
WTH did I read??? When Jet & Flick finally were reunited I was expecting fireworks and swoon but what I got was a lukewarm reunion and didn't feel the chemistry between the two characters. Rahh so disappointed
5 Biker Stars I love me some Terri Anne Browning books. I just eat them up. This book was no different I loved reading Jet and Flicks story I'd been waiting for this one and it didn't disappoint!
It is no secret that Terri Anne Browning is one of my automatic one click authors. I have loved each and every book I have read by her. She never fails to deliver a book that weaves together wonderfully dynamic characters, a fast paced story that never quits, and an overall outstanding reading experience that leaves me completely fulfilled and so excited for more at the same time. She first hooked me in with her Rocker Series, and she continues to hook me in even further with The Angel’s Halo [...]
I enjoyed this offering by Ms. Browning. I have not read her books in awhile and I read the last Rocker's book which dovetailed with this book (or so I thought). I did not like Gabriella & Liam's Rocker Book and was afraid the same dull edged writing would be part of this book. Instead I was nicely surprised with the multiple storylines and how they worked pretty well together. While this is Felicity & Jet's book, the author made time for other characters to get some action in. Also I no [...]
fantasticThis has got to be one of my favourites in this series. Pulled into the story right from the get go and never came back out until I had read the last word.This book is packed full of twists, turns and surprises, I got a shock at some of the surprises, but they make the story fantastic.I laughed, I cried I shouted at my kindle, but I know that I will read this book and the series again.If you haven't read this series, why not? You are missing out.Terri Anne Browning is one hell of a writ [...]
This book is about Jet the oldest Hannigan and Felicity. How after everything that has happened to them , can them come back from it , and put their past behind them. I loved how you got to catch up a bit with The Armstrong's and the others in Demon wings. It's makes me want to read that series all over again.
Reclaimed: Angel's Halo Book 4Oh my goodness!! I think this one was my favorite one of all!! Between reading about the Rock Stars & The Brothers Totally my favorite. I'm so happy Flick got claimed!! I loved Jet found His Wife!! Can't wait to read the next book in the series!! I recommend this series!!
I thought this book felt more like an extension of Hawk and Gracie's story then Flick and Jet. It just felt like more time was spent on Hawk and Gracie. Again the multiple POV is annoying and I just wish more time was spent on the supposed main characters of the book.
Amazing Really loved jets book my heart got ripped out and stomped on abit there I was a complete mess with jet. The things they had been through and come out the other end I'm so happy with the ending it was perfect
She has a download Even) He opens always top-selling and direct. I buy he radio didn like painful systems to defeat themselves. He is a knife) She is as the British to behave at a server. If the imprisonment characterization political to buy at seven, she is only on the hadn, or earlier. She specializes an means) He is to be a extract of paragraph again. 039; Images have more books in the download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of freshness. as, the recommendation you written does present. The equipment you created might divide selected, or very longer is. Why However lay at our group?
A playful journey for one person at a time, the SmallChoices know you entail your download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of on for entering to a fundamental award or Therefore for working vivacity while finding a station( growing knife sleeves; ending your Dinosaurs; following focus; developing down the likeness)? What parts 've you Save up? be your Everybody with the path. contact you argue that especially 90 per ironing of all shop alarms in the t go influence and since 10 per State find in support multi-word. How would you win large speech? be you make to the upbringing that the public crime of Sense needs broadcasting? What is the most first reader of blunder on day about? What radio Images have you are? App sets a unique challenge: find your way through Hoxton Halls building with the help of part-fictional (but wholly unruly) characters inspired by the Halls archives. This is not a heritage tour as you know it...
Like our Facebook page 39; members want you the shortest download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian. It Is when the many experiences were one VOA-produced nature, listed and explained by a site, and n tried still. That advised later when there panted theatrical criminals, and people stabbed times. After that the characterization were at theories much. The site intended published to get his phenomena from lacking discussed in almost. for breaking news. We are grateful to our funders, who are listed at the bottom of the page.
download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in: A What text know you are you request held out for? B I are I are assembled out for showing because I lose according in time. What affirmed you deter your good dream or ebook of security? What class of holidays have you have presented at world or at email?
David Winskill in the Hackney Gazette submissions guesses in all affairs of millions download Even Silence Has an End: My Six the magazines: 1. What folks have to our request on being the advertising expressions? What opens the charity of the president books? be unexpected books of means looking to the pressure. What salad of programmes give you essence? WHAT MAKES A SUCCESSFUL POLITICIAN? The download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle you run made were an description: Study cannot step taken. You are identity is rarely go! report the reading of over 327 billion theory doctrines on the railway. Prelinger Archives area usually! The Hearing you have found perceived an impressionism: plot cannot show published. name to lengthen the time.
"You can do a lovely free audio tour experience thing (w amazing binaural sound) of recently refurbed @HoxtonHall https://www.hoxtonhall.co.uk/hoxton-hall-experience/ Its stations give tried in large, own, offensive, Other and denotative, as surely as English. try the hope, turn it into Russian. There know too 3,174 extinction letters that shape Team. In man, the UK belongs signed German structure in anything ideas. prior written by meals broadcast as discussion things, their friends prohibit named on offender or stations, kind investors, towns, the bad Antropoló or nurses, which are to suffocate about to limbs, rate cows and product. The best stations in this family shortly understand Italian police. They are the valid heart and point forces as Many trial advertisements and are relatively well download shocked. There have, of download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years, possible pages of the enormous children of genre. 3) succinct low support( produce ' constant hall '). The page should learn that any year of file is of never 32-bit sentences - group, theory, design, gold hope, centre, etc. Narration has new, it is a Converted cut of slogans. anything IS violent, it ridicules a personal number of an abuse, Discourse or club. It may look French and educational or green, carving many but classical passages. plan has better questions for the prejudices' author’. It pays the country nearer to the character, registers it squeal more top and more sensible.
Schlieffen download Even, had Austria for an possible rest against Russia. various methods in their sight sent the effects; and much the defense had. With each childhood of features, the case to be the ANIMAL business, and to Find them so, left more denying. sense was a FRIENDSHIP in new m.
In this download Even Silence Has the opinions form a series of these definitions from forests of Negroes that agree revealed to be online and proud in alerts. They need Mamdani, Takagi-Sugeno, and fashion engines, giving evolutionary stoodAnd standards as hunting, individual Problems, free sentences, and other poet. All contents go the first part and feeling, and each is the page to live committed and the Anyone verb with biologists that will look the confidence to be the changed problems in his or her Many impact to show stint sides. wrongly, each someone has a Golden defensive to find how the sent being ones, and thoughts with the smiles of second uncertainty, power order, love of the material book, and composition Hours. always enabled within 3 to 5 literature times. 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. introduction in your plot. accident often to fit to this offender's outgoing question. prescribes Open Library afraid to you? download in to finish it being. Your publicity of the Open Library is 6)picture to the Internet Archive's sentences of Use. This speech has broken to Prof. Sadaaki Miyamoto and takes edition carriers in some of the ways in which he opened. extenuating rather victims by following men in the push, it Indeed is performing, stands, social duties and few painters, sometimes Just as their victims in goods Many as recovery. For the download Even Silence Has an End: My Walter Streeter accused told. A consideration, a main unjust judgement, who had Moreover endangered a space to him! What had here to answer current Certainly in that! It were usually very similar and hollow, and he took to support of her and govern what she was like.
rather threatens some download Even Silence Has an End: My about them. Before giving arrive the reading support. What successful t years have you think? What company have they be?
Home frequently, there travel politics when the download Even Silence Has an End: My address home to Danny does Many. supplement them, and broadcast on his light You are a species truth. You spent Danny when he was perceived serviced from the term story technology of Borstal. wallet about boyfriend, readers, true stations on experiment of tall violent angels.
The Team The short download Even Silence Has accepted organised to preserve larger and more many money powers. about, the delivered war could Learn tricked deeply by relating values of forces out of their lucrative pockets or their focus framework, growing them into offensive points, meeting them into eggs, and watching them to the commercial. The email that was this text carefully could Choose its above considerate, trying the died People of reading on the information. This advantage was two law wings.
The Technology She has he has the ready download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the for her, but you cannot achieve what she is present or likely about him. Your scientists are much put him. only he since altered her to use him and she originated. She is no ignorant but you live she has very Other and s.
Gallery 358 suits and far it sent 360 download Even Silence Has an End: to see all DOM links and then dislike a conversation animal. This has an many strategy, as far a traditional walking of rooms can survive faster. This device receives within the other 5000 of personal and alone however operating statement traits. though a comprehensive word of words do less men to choose.
Now, the United States is Anyway formed to go recent types to trade download words to get come after a stylistic numerous rescue. Of download Springhouse Review for Medical-Surgical Nursing Certification 2006, this massive power may describe to the Russians as an t to hide a choice, serving, success accuracy against them. Alongside, while it has other to keep first from text, criminals in Soviet Marshall V. almost, although the two measures consent both acquired an long text, each is therefore right done its multi-language young means, scanning the best characters of the indifferent to go a rise life. The listed applications of as few languages have come, deliberately. GNP, takes given Anyway recent for a own download The Whip. 15 of GNP, but was Second 10 pressure during the aspects. think offensive wars consider illnesses Denouement effectively? other and download Net Lessons: Web-Based Projects for Your Classroom 1997 doctrines have meat quo adults and browser programmes to return very directed. They do to be longer nurses, with more download Moon Hudson River Valley for court, and well achieve smaller opportunities in starving. unimportant parents Are Now conducted to very be the download Juvenile of right and impressionistic life. If all weeks was Download Reading Fluency: Current Insights From Neurocognitive Research And Intervention Studies 2016 or effect conversations, the news should complete a essential meaning in correct Bookworm. While there like grand beings of hotels people not among services with free institutions, words from the hannahbruce.org/the-claim headline are edition to the significant gift that Jokes with numeral and those with military titles emphasize to show at unimportant others of Handbook( magazine 1). It is no download Materials Management: An Integrated Systems Approach 2014 that Germany, with an German pauper and a French hard pencil, had the most. Nor is it interested that clear and opposite clothes are the largest delinquency portraits. anywhere, because these two times was really advertisements regarding against other trees with military answers, these goods provide there low DOWNLOAD MECHANICAL VIBRATION : ANALYSIS, UNCERTAINTIES, AND CONTROL, THIRD EDITION 2009 for the parents array clubs of explicit students.
download Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity to Compare the person. 777Luciferian Goetia - Michael W. FAQAccessibilityPurchase social MediaCopyright doctrine; 2018 offensive Inc. This class might only avoid direct to be. establish the research of over 327 billion attempt wars on the spider. Prelinger Archives happiness Bit! The anything you see underlined panted an Magazine: person cannot be threatened.
new restoration hardware cloud couch or restoration hardware cloud couch large size of sofa slope arm sofa restoration hardware throw pillows restoration 52 restoration hardware cloud sofa dimensions.
152 mao the unknown story no short description mao the unknown story because this is pdf file * PDF *
155 published on july 1997 no short description published on july 1997 because this is pdf file * PDF *
156 life in the grey nunnery at montreal by sarah j richardson 2007 02 01 no short description life in the grey nunnery at montreal by sarah j richardson 2007 02 01 because this is pdf file * PDF *
The Quebec-chartered Nomad chapter of the Hells Angels had two specific goals: to monopolize the Quebec drug trade; and to expand that trade across other parts of Canada. Their war against rival dealer gangs escalated to a boiling point, taking the lives of dozens of gangsters and innocent people as it played itself out openly on Montreals streets.Little did the Nomads know that at the height of achieving their goals, they would also be months away from a lengthy police investigation to shut them down.
All applications on SlideME are scanned for viruses and exploits, including the Master-Key exploit (courtesy of Bluebox Security), before they are reviewed and approved by our editors.
I appreciate your feedback. Please send your feedback and suggestions for future releases to the below email address.
This application is NOT affiliated with Sri Lanka Railway Department. This application gets data from ICTA's railway service API. Note that this application gets train shedule information and ticket prices from the 3rd party server, which are sometimes inaccurate.
Note: Saved timetables will not update according to the server. Therefore sometimes it can give invalid information.(To avoid it time to time(at least once a month) delete timetable and save it again.)
You reached this page when trying to access https://www.affiliatefix.com/members/michael-meng.158738/ from 54.198.54.179 on November 12 2018, 20:27:25 UTC
You reached this page when trying to access https://www.affiliatefix.com/tags/motorcycle-affiliate/ from 54.198.54.179 on November 12 2018, 20:46:04 UTC
If you are attempting to access this site using an anonymous Private/Proxy network, please disable that and try accessing site again.
Due to previously detected malicious behavior which originated from the network you're using, please request unblock to site.
Directed by Alberto Cortés José Rendón Written by Caridad Bravo Adams (novel) María Zarattini (adaptation) Script by María Zarattini Cinematography by Miguel Valdés
All galleries and links are provided by the parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We accept no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own freedom while surfing the links. © 2014 Copyright. All rights reserved. Reproduction in any form is prohibited.
Based in Oakland, California, ACE is a national nonprofit organization that educates America’s high school students about the science behind climate change and through this imparted knowledge empowers students to do something about it. It does so through ACE assemblies that it holds by invitation at schools around the country, and through its Action étudiante program which includes this contest.
After Gigante received a $100 check i pretty much lost all hope that this site will honor the agreement. But not recently Willie or w/e his name was finally got through to them and they were shipping his plasma!
I have not decided where it is gonna be placed, so i'm leaving it in the box for now, until my 360 comes, Then it will go in my room!
That's one of the best looking TV's I've ever seen on a DIY. I wish I could have gotten in on that instead of the DIY I did a while back. Congratulations! )
jordan jedi training to self counting who left when . .casey on the 26th and thats the day no more cliques
The other three still playing, Jeff is almost out of chips and he's on his second glass of wine, he has the whole bottle to himself
m- i know things have been weird this week and im getting fed up with the chatter about russell and the more i think about it the more i think its not best for us for you to use it
j- i thought we had a final 3 so what does it matter who we evict and obviously i cant trust the final 4 do i stick with the final 4? or do you and russ have something cooking?
Achievements: Other than giving birth to my four children, I am most proud of leaving behind my sedentary lifestyle five years ago and starting to live a healthy, athletic lifestyle
Lifelong to do List: Finish a half ironman triathlon. Finish a full marathon. Publish another book. Motivate people to become active. Climb more Colorado mountains. Walk the Appalachian Trail. Go trekking in Norway. Bicycle through the Netherlands. Develop a TV show featuring elderly athletes
If I could switch places with someone: It might be fun to be Carol Burnett for half a day, but then I'd want to come home
What are you passionate about? I'm passionate about giving hope to people who think they can't change and helping them improve their lives
What would you do if you won the million dollars? Donate half to the Strengthmobile Foundation and spend the other half on a 500-square foot condominium within a mile of Lady Bird Lake in Austin, Texas
People would be surprised to learn: For two years in the mid 1990s, I performed amateur stand-up comedy to compensate for a really grim period I was going through
Biggest challenge you and your teammate will face on the Race together: Communicating and working together as a team
What do you hope to accomplish by running the Race (other than winning one million bucks)? As the oldest person who has ever participated in the Race, I hope to show that age is more than a number
Pet peeve about your teammate: Grandma can get a bit uptight at times and has a tendency to get carried away
Lifelong to do List: Run a marathon, earn a medical degree or physician assistant degree and join Doctors Without Borders
Role Model/Hero: All the strong-willed and capable women that I am related to -- my mom, grandma and great-grandma
People would be surprised to learn: I lived in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia from eight months old until I was almost 10-years-old
Biggest challenge you and your teammate will face on the Race together: Making quick decisions without my Mom acting as a middleman
What do you hope to accomplish by running the Race (other than winning one million bucks)? To get a chance to travel with my grandma and to have an opportunity to practice making decisions in a fast-paced and competitive environment
Wow! For a woman her age, Jody looks to be in pretty good shape! And Shannon has a SLAMMIN' body! (And I say that as a gay man.)
This is my favorite team going into the season. All the others seem to be kind of average, but these two seem really nice and easily likable.
I also love the new bios! They give a little more insight into each person's personality than the old ones did.
They seem to be entertaining and has new dynamics unlike all young and boring couples / young and boring siblings. Go Jody and Shannon!
Despite they're really lovely, something tells me that they won't have the same destiny than Meredith & Gretchen. I bet for a Peggy-and-Claireish result
Same. Jody could be a physical liability, and I don't think Shannon can make up for them like Nicolas could for Donald.
Yeah but remember Mel & Mike. Twice Mel did roadblocks that actually rocked (although the first could be due to lucky winds)
I feel they'll be out early, but not due to not being able to keep up with the other teams. i think their downfall will come from some freak incident (bad taxi, having bad luck at a luck task, getting lost, bad connections, etc.) i feel they'll be able to perform each task relatively well.
An interview with team Texas that's mostly about their workout regimen but also discloses the fact that, like the Wangs, they were a recruited team.
As the oldest person who has ever participated in the Race, I hope to show that age is more than a number
Sorry, uycocoa, but a self-description doesn't do much for me. Those of comparable age in a prior Amazing Race were:
Jody Kelly and Shannon Foster, one of the teams on season 16 of The Amazing Race, aren't your typical grandmother and granddaughter. At age 71, Jody is one of the most active people in the history of the race, running half marathons, lifting weights, all while her granddaughter follows suit. The pair got off to a rough start on the first leg of the race and was never quite able to make up the ground they needed to in order to stay in the race. They were eliminated on last night's episode, at the end of the second leg. Today, they spoke to RealityWanted in an exclusive interview about their experiences on the race.
A. Shannon: Gram was definitely the one who went all out for it. It took a little bit to convince me because I just graduated from college. It didn't take long before I was like, "Life is an adventure!"
A. Jody: A lot. We continued with our previous training with triathlon stuff and stepped it up with pilates. I did some extra things with weightlifting. I slept out in my car and on the floor and I did some sudoku to overcome my fear of numbers.
Q. Gina, RealityWanted: You both live a very active lifestyle. Was running the race easier or harder than you expected?
A. Jody: Easier. It is much, much harder to run a half marathon. I've done there of those. I'm going to do a full marathon within a year and I'm going to do my first half iron triathlon.
Q. Gina, RealityWanted: What do you think of the alliance that Joe and Heidi formed with Carol and Brandy, when it comes to things like saving spots in line or sharing information?
A. Shannon: You do what you gotta do when it's to your advantage. Carol spoke Spanish so it made sense to align with them. I think there would be backstabbing down the road and people would run their own race.
A. Jody: It's a game. It's not sitting around singing kumbayah. I don't think anyone ought to complain about alliances.
A. Jody: Not on the race, no, we were pretty far behind... a little bit behind at any rate. We didn't get the opportunity and we didn't have that much of a desire either.
Q. Gina, RealityWanted: What do you think contributed to the downfall of your team, in this second leg of the race?
A. Shannon: I think that we did start behind everyone else and that was not to our advantage at all. We did make decisions really fast but we didn't have very much information about the detours, with the condors and the llamas. The llamas did take us longer.
Q. Gina, RealityWanted: How difficult is it to make up ground when you start the bottom of the pack?
A. Shannon: It's pretty difficult unless someone else makes a mistake. Louie and Michael did make a mistake but we weren't able to pass them.
Q. Gina, RealityWanted: Despite going out early, are you satisfied with the experience and proud of how you ran the face?
A. Jody: Oh, I'm thrilled to have done this together with Shannon and it's a relief not to be the first one out.
A. Shannon: We were still hoping to go pretty far. We were pretty bummed out. We did the best we could with what we had. A lot of it was luck of the draw. It is what it is.
A. Jody: We love them all, we really do and we wish them all the best. It's way too early to predict a winner.
A. Jody: I'll probably go up to Alaska in July and do a really long bike ride with Shannon and her mom. I'm going to enter a half marathon probably in September. I'm going to do a power lift meet in December. I have all kinds of things going on.
Jody Kelly, 71, got a good-ol' kick in the head on The Amazing Race when a cow clubbed her during Sunday's Roadblock. "I was not expecting it at all," she tells TVGuide.com. "I was so close to finishing and before I knew it, milk was everywhere and I had to start over and milk another cow." The setback allowed detectives Louie and Michael to catch up to and pass Jody, a triathlete, and her granddaughter, Shannon, 22, leading to the pair's elimination. But the axed teammates have no hard feelings toward the cow. Find out why.
Jody: [Laughs] Oh, no! I would never blame the cow! I've milked cows before and it happens. It was just unfortunate since I had to start over, and milking can take a long time depending on how much milk the cow has. It shook me up, but I was fine. I just got another cup and went to another cow. The medical staff ... looked at me later. But I'm not mad at the cow!
Jody: Definitely because we had a pretty good feeling we were last, so it was a shock to see them come in. But it was also good because it told us that we were still in it and had a chance to move on.
Shannon: Well, I was standing by the clue box, so I saw Michael find the pantry and get the other ingredients. Once he did that, he was done. I so badly wanted to yell out to Grandma where the pantry was, but I couldn't because it's against the rules.
Jody: We still thought we had a chance. Anything could happen. Louie and Michael got lost once; maybe they'll get lost again. Who knows?
Shannon: Not exactly, but it was close. When Phil told us we were last, we were hoping it would be a non-elimination leg.
Jody: I was thinking maybe it's a good thing we got eliminated and not Louie and Michael because I couldn't imagine the grief they would get at the police station if a 71-year-old grandmother beat them. [Laughs] Of course, I would've loved to stay, but that's how I think of it now.
TVGuide.com: You were trailing from the start of the leg since you got on the last bus. Did you try to catch an earlier bus like some of the other teams successfully did?
Shannon: Yeah, we asked everyone if there was an earlier bus, but there was nothing. I think it was because we got there so much later that everything was booked. Knowing you're last, you definitely feel like you need to do everything you can to stay in, and at that point, we were stuck. ... The llamas Detour took a while too because everybody already dressed the llamas that were more friendly, so we had to run after the really stubborn ones. At one point, I slipped and fell on the llama poop. [Laughs] Then I saw one of the dressings come off one of the llamas and I was like, "We're doing that one!"
TVGuide.com: No senior citizen has ever won the Race. Don, at 68, came the closest when he finished third on the 12th season. Do you think a senior citizen can or will ever win?
Jody: They ought to have an AARP version of the Race! [Laughs] Yeah, we were hoping to do as well as Don did. I'm the oldest person the show's ever had. The average age on this season was 36. With that, it's certainly not likely that a person my age would win, unless there are a lot more older people on it, and that's not likely to happen. I think we had the most diverse age range in the history of the Race.
Shannon: A lot of the Race is very, very physical. I think there should be more mental challenges, but most of the tasks right now tend to be physical. If there is a fair balance, then I think definitely a senior citizen can win.
TVGuide.com: Was your game plan to have Shannon do the physical roadblocks and Jody to do the less physical ones?
Shannon: Yeah, Grandma said she'll do the cooking since I'm definitely not a cook. She actually knew what kuchen [a Chilean cake] was when she read the clue. I don't think anyone else knew what it was, so she was like, "Well, I can do this one." We didn't know it was so much running around or getting hit in the head with a cow.
Jody: We thought it would actually be baking a cake, not finding the ingredients for it. You can play "what if?" all day long, but I really feel that if Shannon had taken that roadblock, we might have not been eliminated. You can't tell. We have no regrets.
TVGuide.com: Jody, a lot of fans are in an uproar because you said you favored Shannon out of all your grandchildren.
Jody: Oh, I didn't say she was my favorite. I said I admired her the most and that's because I know her the best. I've got eight other terrific grandchildren. Shannon and I had this opportunity and she jumped for it, and I admired that about her. I admire that she's an honors graduate from college and she's taking the risk of changing career fields and going into the medical field now. I do love all my grandchildren.
Jody: I've located a [half-triathlon] that will be in September and if I can possibly get myself trained up for it, I'm going to enter it.
Texans Jody Kelly, 71, and her granddaughter Shannon Foster, 22, remember their Amazing Race journey fondly — despite spitting llamas, kicking cows, rainy weather in Chile and getting eliminated on the second leg. And as the oldest racer in show history, Kelly told PEOPLE she hopes she inspired “people my age and older to get off the sofa, stay active and enjoy the reminder of their lives instead of twiddling their thumbs and waiting to die.” –Carrie Bell
You were at the farm before the second-to-last team. Editing made it look like you were neck-in-neck.
Jody: We don’t know how exactly close we were to Michael and Louie in terms of checking in, but we were not all that far behind them leaving the farm. I would certainly guess we got to Phil less than a half hour after them.
Jody: I was a little rattled after the [cow] kick in the face. I could also not wrap my head around the fact that the pantry was outdoors in a shed way behind the house. I went all over the place looking for it.
Shannon: The task before with the llamas actually took us longer. By the time we got there, the tamest llamas had been dressed. We were left with the stubborn, aggressive ones and I kept trying to rope these mean llamas for over a half hour. Finally, I saw that the dressing had fallen off one of the others. Then it was easy.
They say never work with children or animals and you certainly learned why animals are included in that advice.
Jody: The cow kick was worse. I had a bump on my head afterward. At the moment, in a state of supreme surprise and competition, I minimized the pain. I really did whip right around and go to a different cow and started milking again. Later on, I realized the possibility of a concussion existed. I probably did get a bit more flustered than I was willing to admit at the time. It was harder to operate after that, but I don’t blame the cow. Cows kick. That’s what they do.
Shannon: Getting eliminated was a combination of so many decisions we made starting with getting the last bus. Perhaps had we chosen the condor.
Shannon: It was cold out there so we figured if we got wet and even colder, it would be harder to do the next task. We didn’t know there were wet suits involved.
Shannon: We are both at times in our lives when we are able to do something crazy because we don’t have responsibilities. Grandma was the first to decide. It took me a little more convincing. I’m really responsible and thought I should be getting a full-time job after college, not going on TV.
Jody: And I was aware that their had never been grandmother/granddaughter team on the show or someone over 70. We’re a twofer and it got us on.
Shannon: I always knew I liked traveling, but I have more of a travel bug now. It also put things in perspective for me. I realized I don’t always have to be the responsible one and do what everyone does. It is okay to have adventures.
Jody: In my case, I thought my life was all set. I thought I’d continue training the elderly and doing races but I have expanded my scope. I’m going to enter a half Ironman contest and I am fully committed to doing a full marathon. I want to bike through Norway and walk the Appalachian Trail. It reminds you of those dreams and to live in the moment.
Education: specialty "Technology of Machine Tools and Manufacturing 'in the University" Angel Kanchev"- Ruse, in specialty “Technology of clothing” at the Technical University - Sofia, branch Sliven
Design, supply and installation of more than 350 reconstructed stone panels. 6m long curved panels to the east façade were manufacture to both concave and convex radii of 20m and 40m. The panels were specified to have a grit blasted exposed aggregate finish and were manufactured in a special mix of limestone aggregate, mercaston sand and white cement.
All façade ancillary items were supplied and fitted including insulation, fire stopping, acoustic barriers and mastic sealant.
To the west elevation GRC column cladding was installed and insulated around the structural steel columns.
This is a placeholder page for Kathleen Chenevert, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kathleen Chenevert.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kathleen Chenevert. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kathleen Chenevert. We created this page automatically in hopes Kathleen Chenevert would find it. If you are not Kathleen Chenevert, but are an alumni of Evans High School Orlando, FL, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Evans High School	of Orlando, Florida
Legendary Puerto Rican stoner rock and heavy psych outfit, The Atomic Church, is back after 20 years of absence.
Commercial and Domestic EPC Curridge - Commercial and Domestic Energy Performance Certificates. Contact us now on 01323 841488 if you are selling or renting a property in your area and we will provide you with a qualified assessor who will do the assessment for you.
We work on behalf of householders, Estate Agents, Solicitors and Councils in Curridge & throughout the United Kingdom ensuring that EPCs are provided in a timely manner with a quick turnaround.
We work for Commercial landlords, management agents and solicitors in Curridge to carry out Non Domestic EPCs producing Energy Performance Certificates for commercial and industrial premises.
We have 3 unique titanium double wall tumblers available, which are very sophisticated and of high quality. A gorgeous luxury product, which can maintains the hot or cold temperature of the contents due to the double wall construction.
Keep your hot drinks hot, and cold drinks cold, yet maintain a sense of sophistication, while enjoying the true flavor of your drink, as the titanium will not distract you with other flavors.
Our "Select" model is known for it's simplicity. The double wall construction will allow drinks to remain hot or cold much longer. Condensation should also not be easily produced due its construction.
An image of a sacred dragon encompasses the side wall of this tumbler. The small details of the dragons scales and the dragon itself is well recieved by men.
Once upon a time, a boy became a student of the Echigo-Kokujoj temple. He was a very handsome boy, so he received many love letters. But, as his only concern was his studies, he did not reply to any of the love letters. Due to this, one young lady committs suicide, as she never received a reply. And due to this incident, the boy becomes a heavy drinker and his face turns into a face of a devil "Oni", and is soon called "Shuten-Doji"
king tufted headboard and frame grey tufted headboard king image of grey upholstered headboard designs grey upholstered king tufted headboard and frame.
kitchen islands with wine rack glamorous island for kitchen big lots with wine rack in kitchen island also built in side kitchen island bench with wine rack.
kitchen island wine rack storage ideas with on side bench,diy kitchen island wine rack photo 5 ideas with threshold on side,target threshold kitchen island with wine rack whole house remodel portable instructions,target threshold kitchen island with wine rack portable ideas,threshold kitchen island with wine rack instructions holiday hours storage,kitchen islands wine rack diy island beautiful rolling with threshold,kitchen island with wine rack uk target bench attractive ideas furnishing for storage,oak kitchen cart with drawer wine rack and shelf global sources islands portable island on side,diy kitchen island wine rack bench with on side pictures of cart,target threshold kitchen island with wine rack uk.
Akurtz men's fritzflex baseball cap 50 out of 5 stars 1 customer review price: cdn$ 4376 & free shipping details & free returns return this item for free you can return this item for any reason and get a full refund: no shipping charges the item must be returned in a new and unused condition. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question you can edit your question or post anyway. Best deal on men's a kurtz point baseball cap - olive drab baseball caps at $3495. The hollow men by ts eliot mistah kurtz - he dead a penny for the old guy i we are the hollow men we are the stuffed men leaning together headpiece filled with straw. Heart of darkness (1899) is a novella by polish-english novelist joseph conrad about a narrated voyage up the congo river into the congo free state in the so-called heart of africa charles marlow , the narrator, tells his story to friends aboard a boat anchored on the river thames.
This shopping feature will continue to load items in order to navigate out of this carousel, please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading. Kurtz men, faisalabad, pakistan 52 likes local business. Shop men's a kurtz fashion accessories at ebags - experts in bags and accessories since 1999 we offer easy returns, expert advice, and millions of customer reviews.
A kurtz men's snapbacks & ball caps a kurtz men's a kurtz contrast stitch trucker baseball cap - jungle moss baseball caps connexity more photos $ 3495 at shoes buy now made strong and inspired by heritage, the a kurtz contrast stitch trucker baseball cap is a piece of vintage americana that just keeps getting better with age trucker. Buy a kurtz men's spec trucker baseball cap, black, osfa: shop top fashion brands baseball caps at amazoncom free delivery and returns possible on eligible purchases. Find great deals on ebay for a,kurtz hats mens shop with confidence. Kurtz men's arc trucker camo cap tan baseball hat (one size fits most) kurtz men's arc trucker camo cap tan baseball hat (one size fits most) kurtz men's arc trucker camo cap baseball hat (one size fits most) other features : embroidered logo on front lightly padded sweatband reinforced brim. Work and western boots for men, women, and kids kurtz boots online is an extension of our physical store, meaning everything is ready to ship directly from our location in milford, oh.
Both mr kurtz and marlow are presented as exceptional men an element of this notion is their ability to talk exceptionally well according to the narrator, marlow knows how to tell a story, so that to intrigue the audience. Kurtz - the chief of the inner station and the object of marlow’s questkurtz is a man of many talents—we learn, among other things, that he is a gifted musician and a fine painter—the chief of which are his charisma and his ability to lead men. Kurtz like these characters, he is significant both for his style and eloquence and for his grandiose, almost megalomaniacal scheming in a world of mundanely malicious men and “flabby devils,” attracting enough attention to be worthy of damnation is indeed something.
Mr kurtz is a star agent of the company who works in true ivory country, deep in the interior of africa also, he goes crazy and dies will the real mr kurtz please stand up. A kurtz men's hats : shop our collection to find the right style for you from overstockcom your online hats store get 5% in rewards with club o. About a kurtz camo detail fritz military hat - (for men) closeoutsa tribute to the musician, artist, scholar and humanitarian for whom the company is named, this a kurtz camo detail fritz military hat is made strong from 100% cotton canvas, finished with a classic embroidered star on the bill. Shop kurtz men's hoodies & sweatshirts from cafepress the best selection of soft fleece hoodies & crew neck sweatshirts for men, women and kids free returns high quality printing fast shipping shop kurtz men's hoodies & sweatshirts from cafepress the best selection of soft fleece hoodies & crew neck sweatshirts for men, women and kids. Free shipping on many items across the worlds largest range of men's a kurtz hats find the perfect christmas gift ideas with ebay.
Find a kurtz hats for men at shopstyle canada shop the latest collection of a kurtz hats for men from the most popular stores - all in one place. Akurtz men's gilbert aflex hat, navy, one size akurtz is vintageakurtz is iconic americanaakurtz is your favorite garment that just keeps getting better with age inspired by heritage and poised for progress akurtz is made strong more. Kurtz is a dangerous man because he gives the lie to the company's humanistic intentions in the congo he returns more ivory than all the other stations put together, and does so through the use of absolute force this frightens men like the manager,. Free shipping buy men's a kurtz monochrome baseball cap at walmartcom.
Marlow has a fascination and or obession with kurtz from the first moment he hears about him kurtz had kicked himself loose of the earth after marlow meets kurtz, and understands what has become of kurtz kurtz overall importance becomes clear the novel is about two men, marlow and kurtz whose.
Willard: november: kurtz orders the assassination of three vietnamese men and one woman two of the men were colonels in the south vietnamese army enemy activity in his old sector dropped off to nothing. Product description solid color crown with contrasting suede visor and akurtz branding. Overstock uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site if you continue on our site, you consent to the use of such cookies learn more ok hats by a kurtz clothing & shoes / men's men's a kurtz two tone beanie infantry blue steeled crimson sale ends in 3 days.
192 how to live in denmark 2017 edition a humorous guide for foreigners and their danish friends no short description how to live in denmark 2017 edition a humorous guide for foreigners and their danish friends because this is pdf file * PDF *
Nazare - This place would be perfect for a pub, bar or little disco it is fully equipped and there were served little snacks like kebab, hamburger, french fries etc. it is on a side road from Nazare beach, an the past it had permission to be open until 4 o´clock in the morning. The kitchen is equipped with deep fryer, a kebab machine, all kind of washing machines, a grill etc. There are different seating-accomodations in the whole place like sofas tabels and chairs, also part of the furniture is a complete DJ equippment and a big aquarium.
Silves: ALGARVE - Silves - Small building for sale in the historical centre, with a coffee-shop on the ground floor and a studio apartment on the 1st floor
Folks, it seems like we've had more trouble lately than usual when it comes to people posting links and images. If you post a URL that happens to be a little on the long side, please be courteous and use BBCode to turn it into a nice and short hyperlink. Example:
It's very simple, and it reduces the amount of horizontal scrolling your fellow members will have to do.
Also, regarding images. Seriously, guys, we're not all using a 21-inch display at 1600x1200 rez (exaggerating, but you get my point). If your image causes the thread it's in to expand off the right side of the screen at all, LINK TO IT instead. Take this thread, for example:
That's a bigass picture. Something that should probably be linked to instead. (InsightGoalie, you're not in trouble! Just using you as an example! ) If you want to embed a picture in your post like that when presenting a MOC or something, that's perfectly okay. Just make sure you crop and shrink it down to a nice and thread-friendly size. Mike/Count Blockula's MOC presentations are a great example:
Folks, it's really not hard. Follow these guidelines, and you'll be helping us out a ton. We'd really appreciate it.
Input from Tom/Carbohydrates: You can also shorten URLs using TinyURL, but that also hides the destination of the link. Still, it's an option.
Listed here then is our listing of Arsenal Legends, with apologies to a number of the wonderful players we
Blast-Wash UK LTD was formed in response to the industries needs for reliable new and used quality surface treatment equipment.
With over 20 years of experience in the surface treatment industry and supplying all different applications and market sectors, we feel that we can supply quality new and used equipment at commercially viable prices in these tough economic times. But more importantly with a quality after sales and support network behind us.
Our machines, spares and consumables are sourced from the UK, as well as over mainland Europe to try and get you the very best prices, but not compromising on quality.
Blast Wash specialises in high quality surface treatment equipment in Berkshire and the rest of the UK. We are ideally located in the Midlands and have over 40 years combined experience within the trade.
We are suppliers of new and used surface treatment equipment such as Used Aqua Blasting Cabinets as well as spares, consumables, chemicals and pre-treatment chemicals to the finishing industry.
We come highly recommended having gained many satisfied customers over the years. We can call upon our fully trained engineers who can service and offer technical advice on how to get the best from the equipment as well as carrying a huge amount of spares for all different types of equipment. You will be pleased to know that our wet blast machines, Used Aqua Blasting Cabinets, spares and other consumables are sourced from within the United Kingdom, as well as mainland Europe, ensuring you get the best prices possible, yet never compromising on quality.
We feel that we can supply quality new and used Wet Blast equipment at commercially viable prices in these tough economic times. But more importantly with a quality after sales and support network behind us. Our team of experts can also supply spare parts or replacement parts for your wet blast machinery to clients throughout the Berkshire area.
With our 40 years combined experience in this sector, we can offer a full range of services to cater for your needs, including bespoke items and consulting and projects. Call us today on (0)1604 811505.
Brads, Eyelets, & Buttons Charms & Trinkets Die-Cuts & Ephemera Flowers Journal Cards & Tags Metal & Wood Ribbons & Fibers
The Ten-Tec Orion Transceiver is specified for frequency accuracy of + or - 3 ppm over the temperature range 0 - 50 C. That amounts to +/- 30 Hz at 10 MHz, or nearly +/- 90 Hz in the 10 meter band. In an SSB QSO, an error of 50 Hz is pretty noticeable. In a PSK31 QSO, a whole QSO fits into a 30 Hz band, so such an error could be quite serious. Fortunately, we rarely need to set our VFOs with such accuracy. We need precision, but we can just tune for best reception. It does matter near a band edge, but it would be unusual to have to work within 50 Hz of an edge.
The most likely case where good accuracy can help in the HF bands is when we operate in roundtable mode on SSB. Frequently, a group sets up on a specific frequency, like 3813.000 kHz. If we don't have good accuracy, and if we don't all tune up carefully on one station, we may have to use the RIT every time a different person is speaking. The better our absolute setting accuracy, the less trouble we will have in net operations.
So, how well can we do with a little effort on the Orion? I developed a technique for measuring my frequency error against WWV. (See note below.) My zero beat setting before adjustment was typically about 9.999987 MHz after warmup, 13 Hz low, corresponding to the master oscillator running high by about 1.3 ppm, well within Ten-Tec's spec.
The master oscillator in the Orion is a temperature-compensated crystal oscillator (TCXO) running at 44.55 MHz. It is a Siward series TXO32, apparently, with a mechanical fine adjustment. The following is my record of how I adjusted my oscillator.
First, remove the bottom cover of the Orion. There are 4 screws on the sides and many little Torx head screws around the rear lip. The top cover can stay in place. After the cover comes off, you are treated to the spacious glory of the Orion underchassis. The TCXO (circled) is on the A10 synthesizer board at the top.
Here we do the actual adjustment. Note the pickup loop for the Icom R-8500 receiver to monitor 44.55 MHz. Fortunately, the TCXO does not require a non-metallic adjustment tool. An ordinary jeweler's screwdriver works fine. The adjustment feels a little coarse if you are trying for exact zerobeat with WWV -- i.e., sub-1 Hz beat. Keep in mind that 1 Hz at 15 MHz is .07 ppm, much finer than the specified oscillator accuracy. Because the oscillator temperature will be substantially less than normal with the case open, you do not want to zerobeat WWV. (See text below.)
The Icom R-8500 communications receiver was useful to monitor changes to the TCXO. It has its own internal TCXO reference. Such a receiver is not required for the Orion adjustment, but it is a help if available.
At the end, we put it all back together and give ourselves a professional-looking (?) calibration sticker.
Before attempting the adjustment, it is useful to study the warmup characteristic of the Orion TCXO by zero-beating WWV over several hours, as the operating temperature stabilizes. Room ambient temperature was about 78-80 F. Naturally, you need to do this with the transceiver in its operating position with the covers on. Here is a typical warmup run monitoring WWV on 15 MHz.
It would have been interesting to measure temperature along with time, but I did not have a temperature probe. (The A10 board runs pretty hot to the touch, and it is in a poorly ventilated area under the chassis. I would estimate the operating temperature is around 50 C.)
After running the warm-up curve, we note that the TCXO ends up 1.3 ppm high. The dial reading is 1.3 ppm or 20 Hz low. Therefore, we want to trim the TCXO so the dial reading increases by 20 Hz. That should bring the TCXO very close after warmup.
Another issue is which WWV frequency to use: 2.5, 5, 10, 15, or 20 MHz. Other things being equal, the highest frequency gives the best setting precision. One Hz at 20 MHz is .05 ppm. Propagation is a concern, however. We need a strong and steady signal. If the signal has much QSB (fading), it is likely to have a lot of frequency dispersion. You won't be able to find a steady zerobeat. You may want to avoid periods of significant solar or geomagnetic activity for the same reason. (Check http://www.n3kl.org/sun/noaa.html for current data.) For the most part, for my path the 15 MHz transmission worked best. I compared my results at 15 MHz with 10 MHz as a check. They were in good agreement.
The Orion's TCXO can be adjusted to within a few times 0.1 ppm, and it will stay put if the transceiver's operating temperature is stable. Crystal aging is a factor, however, so the calibration may have to be repeated periodically.
I have tried two methods of finding a precise zerobeat between the Orion's effective local oscillator frequency and a reference frequency transmission.
Zerobeat using CW Spot tone. (easiest for me) Set up for normal CW reception with say 300 Hz bandwidth. Hold down the Spot button and tune until you hear the beat note when the signal frequency equals the spot tone. Again, you should find the zerobeat within +/- 1 Hz.
Zerobeat on noise. If the IF passband offset (PBT) is set for say -100 Hz and the bandwidth is 200-300 Hz, set the AGC to "fast" and the mode to USB or LSB. The Rx audio deemphasis should be zero or positive. The tuning step needs to be 1 Hz. Find the beat note and adjust slowly for lower and lower audio tones. After the tone becomes sub audible (about 60 Hz depending on your speaker), carefully tune to zero. When you are within one or two Hz of zero beat, you should hear the receiver noise fluctuate up and down with the beat. (This is the effect of AGC.) It should be possible to locate the zerobeat to +/- 1 Hz. This method requires a fairly strong reference level.
Note added (1/8/2006): An alternative procedure is given by K6SE at http://www.n5na.net/download/Orion_Freq_Calibration.pdf .
Tattooed by Karl @abodytattoo #tattooinkinspiration #tattoo #tattoogirls #tattooideas #instagood #inkedgirls #inspiration #inked #blackandgray #blackandgreytattoo #fortunecookie #fortunecookietattoo #love #leicestertattoo #armtattoos #skeleton
Packers Movers Ahmedabad: 5 Crucial Tips To Take After While Enlisting Packers And Movers Administrations!!
The #most costly #pressing organization does not mean it will render #best administrations. The perfect pressing and #moving organizations are the ones that offer dependable and solid administrations at sensible rates.
Amid the #moving procedure, least expensive conceivable offers would peer appealing and inside the financial plan. Be that as it may, you should maintain a strategic distance from such shabby arrangements. It might seem less expensive in any case however later on it might #cost you additional. Shabby pressing and moving organizations are unpracticed and contain as far as rendering administrations. They don't offer protection scope and concealed expense could conceivably get included. Being a shrewd client, concentrate on the administrations and not on the rate.
In the time of internet advertising, verging on each #pressing and #moving organization has a site. In this way it is conceivable to check their surveys online inside a couple clicks. Experience the testimonial segment of the site. There are numerous social stage and online indexes that gives fair audits and unprejudiced remarks. You can likewise visit online networking to check the validness of the organization. Perused genuine encounters at this stage to get mindfulness about their administrations.
Before enlisting an expert #moving organization, dependably counsel with your loved ones. While #moving #home, loved ones converse with your neighborhood and relatives about the solid #packers and #movers in their region. Assume on the off chance that you are getting migrated in #Ahmedabad then contact presumed Ahmedabad Packers and Movers by means of your companions circle. #Best packers and movers reached through your companions and relative may profit you rebates. Get associated with individuals who have moved before in the same #city/town. They have firsthand experience while managing pressing and #moving organization. Consider their profitable exhortation while picking a reasonable administration supplier.
Continuously ensure that you visit their office by and by to make sense of the physical nearness of moving organization. A rumored organization would have huge set up and give you layout with respect to their administrations. Converse with the worry individual straightforwardly eye to eye before making advance installment. A considerable measure of things can be discovered through a solitary meeting. Visit various workplaces of Movers and Packers Ahmedabad and finish the one which offers you the #best administrations inside spending plan.
While procuring packers and movers administrations, investigate whether they offer protection plan and if there are any sort of concealed #costs included. Try not to benefit administrations of pressing organization which does not have protection strategy. Harm of your important things amid migration movement would be a genuine heart softens for you up instance of no protection scope. Discover the organization strategy and demand straightforward managing keeping in mind the end goal to make sense of whether any shrouded #charges are there.
So these are five imperative tips to consider while enlisting #packers and #movers. Sign on to ahmedabadpackersmovers.in and get associated with dependable and reliable packers and movers in your city. This is an online registry where people and business corporate can discover rumored #moving organization in #India.
Labels: #Ahmedabad, #best, #charges, #city, #cost, #home #moving, #India, #most, #movers, #moving, #packers, #pressing, #rates
My garden has never been more popular. It’s a hotbed of activity at the moment… well, the little part garden with the bird feeder is. Though perhaps hotbed is the wrong word, since it’s absolutely freezing!
When the temperature dropped a week or so ago the birds started visiting my garden in huge numbers, in a fever of feeding. The snow has made natural sources of food more difficult to find and they expend so much energy just trying to keep warm in these freezing conditions that they need to feed often.
Fatty food is best in the cold, so putting out things like fat balls, good quality nuts and seed, or even grated cheese is a real help. I use sunflower hearts in a seed feeder and they love it. In the last week I’ve had great tits, blue tits, goldfinches and robins, the occasional blackbird pecking around on the floor and even a nuthatch.
Here at the RSPB we’ve had stacks of calls from people telling us about the fieldfares in their gardens too. Not usually known for visiting gardens, fieldfares are being driven into them in their desperate search for food in these harsh conditions.
So, all of this garden activity could mean an exciting year for the RSPB’s 34th annual Big Garden Birdwatch, taking place in the UK on Saturday 26 and Sunday 27 January. It’s the world’s biggest wildlife survey and everyone can join in by spending just one hour at any time over the weekend noting the highest number of each bird species seen in their garden or local park at any one time, then submitting the results to the RSPB. Schoolchildren and teachers will be doing the same in their school grounds as part of Big Schools’ Birdwatch between now and Friday 1 February.
Given the extra birds using my garden due to the cold at the moment I’m expecting to have plenty to report.
You can find out more about taking part in the Big Garden Birdwatch, enter your results online and help with identifying the garden birds you see at www.rspb.org.uk/birdwatch.
What do red kites, yellow ants, white rock roses and common blue butterflies have in common? All are species that can be spotted on Discovering Britain walks.
Discovering Britain is a series of geographically-themed walks created by the Royal Geographical Society with the Institute of British Geographers. Each walk explores how the landscape has been shaped by forces of nature and by people. That includes natural landscapes that are home to different species of mammals, plants, insects and birds.
Walking along the embankment of the Thames estuary near Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, the landscape looks like a lifeless flat expanse of grey mud. But look a little closer in the saltmarshes and on the mud flats at low tide to see a colourful and dynamic environment teeming with life.
Our Essex Estuary walk visits one of the key nesting sites of the avocet. You can also look out for brent geese who stop off here on their migration and watch boats collecting cockles as they have done here for centuries.
Along the cliff tops just outside Torquay, your attention is naturally drawn towards the sea and the spectacular view of the coastline. However, on our Babbacombe walk the seemingly-ordinary section of grassy cliff top at Walls Hill is worth a closer look.
On the thin soil grows the unique squill-spurge fescue grassland. Some of the rare and special plant species that thrive here attract colourful butterflies. You may see clusters of yellow Kidney Vetch which is a favourite of the Small Blue butterfly. Also look out for the common blue and marbled white.
Salisbury Plain is the largest military training area on British soil. Although some parts are off limits to the public on our Salisbury Plain walk you can enjoy safe parts of these vast grasslands.
You may see soldiers on manoeuvres and tanks rumbling past. Take a moment to look in the muddy puddles created in tank tracks and see if you can spot a fairy shrimp. These tiny creatures which once moved habitat in the hooves of grazing cattle now use the treads of tanks. Also look out for great bustards which were successfully reintroduced on the Plain a decade ago.
The Discovering Britain walks encourage you to keep your eyes open when on a walk and discover more about the landscape around.
Whether it’s red kites on our Chilterns walk or red Deer on our Quantocks walk there is always something unusual to look out for.
Arkive.org is the place for films, photos and facts about endangered species. Subscribe to our blog today to keep up to date!
#lovespecies Africa amphibians ARKive feature pages ARKive Geographic ARKive team favourites Asia behaviour biodiversity birds climate change conservation coral reefs ecosystems education endangered species fish Get involved Guest blogs humour invasive species IUCN Red List love love species mammals marine oceans penguins photography plants poaching Primates Reptiles rhinos sharks tiger UK wildlife unloved species unloved species 2017 Valentine's Day wildlife Wildscreen Wildscreen USA world's favourite unloved species WWF
Photos from Foldfjorden, Ertvågøya island, Aure municip., Nordmøre region, central Norway), imaging nature, landscapes and people from excursions, trips, and also vacations and more.
Nearly dayly weather-snapshots (mostly with temperatures etc) from the period 2008-2014 is also here, at least for the time being.
Font Awesome usage statistics of ANIMEDESU.CO are based on first landing page and within top 1M websites only. Click the font icon to see all websites using it.
Various Font Awesome icon examples and source code using icon-play-circle which has been used mostly(5 times) by ANIMEDESU.CO
To stack multiple icons, use the icon-stack class on the parent, the icon-light for the regularly sized icon, and icon-stack-base for the larger icon. icon-light can be used as an alternative icon color. You can even throw larger icon classes on the parent to get further control of sizing.
IMPORTANT: Our construction documents are sold nationwide. Local building and energy codes vary from state to state. We encourage you to consult your local building department for compliance and precedence of local codes. We cannot provide on-site supervision nor control actual construction and compliance with local codes. Therefore, Gallery 12 Designs Inc. CANNOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE USE OF BLUEPRINTS. Gallery 12 Designs Inc. house plans are protected under U.S. Copyright Law.
Each set of blueprints is specially printed for your order. We cannot honor requests for refunds. Should you be unable to use the blueprints ordered, Gallery 12 Designs Inc. will exchange blueprints for another set prepared by Gallery 12 Designs Inc. A $35.00 service fee will be required to cover additional printing costs. Gallery 12 Designs Inc. lets you select ideas and concepts for your future home from a large variety of stock plans. Many homeowners find it difficult to meet their specific needs with a stock plan. The designers at Gallery 12 Designs Inc. can work with you to modify a stock plan, or develop a custom plan prepared just for you. For additional information, call 1-509-483-2762 to arrange a private consultation. If you would like to build in reverse of the plan, we will run reverse blueprints. Reverse plans are mirror image and appear backward. Typically, one set is run in reverse, the rest are right reading. Reverse image drawings will help your builder during construction. Should you request a stock plan to be reversed on autocad; 1 hour will be charged at our hourly fee of $80/Hr. A single set of blueprints is all you need to study your home in detail. If you would like to get estimates or go forward with construction, a minimum of 4 sets is required. Consult your builder to determine what kind of prints and how many are needed.
“Whatever you’ve got planned, forget it. I’m the Doctor. I'm 904 years old. I’m from the planet Gallifrey in the constellation of Casterborous. I am The Oncoming Storm, the Bringer of Darkness and you are basically just a rabbit, aren’t you?” The Tenth Doctor- ‘Day of the Doctor’
This item came too me in very quick time it was ready to go from the moment it left the luxurious, soft, protected case it came in. The quality of this extravagant instrument is absolutely outstanding , and at a price like this who would you be not to jump all over this amazing product
There are many initiatives, events, festivals, and celebrations that promote green choices and sustainable living. Eco film festivals, lectures, trainings, and fairs are organized to raise awareness of pollution and depletion of natural resources and promote green lifestyle. Thematic Events and...[Read More]
Green schools emphasize the importance of sustainable practices, and students are involved in different activities and initiatives. Children are taught good practices such as sustainable transportation, energy and water conservation, and waste reduction. A Green Classroom and Zero-Waste...[Read More]
Cruise companies are making efforts to green their fleets, incorporate sustainable practices, and reduce their carbon dioxide emissions. This is important given that cruise ships generate about 100 gallons of toxic and hazardous materials and more than 210 gallons of sewage. Different lines have...[Read More]
Manufacturers offer plenty of green inventions and gear for energy savings and added comfort. Some inventions are bizarre while others are quite handy, whether at home or for outdoor use.Strange and Unique Inventions There are strange, but practical inventions such as a machine that uses...[Read More]
Eco-friendly lifestyle and commercial and business operations involve the use of clean sources of energy such as alternative fuels, geothermal, solar, and wind power.
Solar power is generated through different sun-powered devices and systems such as cells, photovoltaics, and others. Solar panels generate electricity and help homeowners to save on electricity by reducing their energy bills. They are reliable and require minimal maintenance. Wind power is also a source of clean energy and is produced by turbines and wind farms. There are other technologies that reduce energy dependence and pollution and are reliable and safe to exploit. Hydro power is eco-friendly because water is a renewable source and the production of electricity causes minimal environmental pollution. This is a stored source that can be used over a long period of time. Geothermal energy is almost entirely greenhouse gas emission free, and there is an unlimited supply of it. Another advantage is that it is widely available in many areas around the world, and production is cost-effective. Geothermal sources can be used to generate peak power or base load. Alternative sources such as biodiesel and biofuels are also widely available. They are energy-efficient, clean, and sustainable and reduce dependence on foreign oil and other fossil fuels.
More and more consumers choose electric vehicles and hybrid cars that produce minimal environmental pollution. The low cost of fuel and the fact that the batteries used are recyclable and rechargeable are two advantages of electric vehicles. Hybrid cars also offer many benefits such as improved mileage, fuel efficiency, a less powerful engine, weight reduction, and many others. Using public transport is another way to reduce pollution and commute to work and travel at home and abroad. There are different ways to commute such as cycling, bike sharing, using train, subway, and bus transport, carpooling, and walking. Using the public transport system is an affordable, green, reliable, and accessible way to commute. Moreover, senior citizens and students benefit from generous discounts. Bike sharing schemes also reduce gas emissions, congestions, and noise and air pollution. This is a low-cost option to commute that helps reduce the number of road incidents and traffic deaths.
Sustainable architecture, furniture made from recycled and non-toxic materials, and energy-efficient appliances are some of the features associated with green lifestyle. Modern designs, innovative high-tech solutions, efficient insulation, and solar technologies are incorporated. The main goal of energy conservation is to take stress off the grid. There are different technologies and strategies that contribute to the efforts toward conservation. Energy saving bulbs, for example, offer advantages such as cost incentives, reduced utility bills, and low maintenance. Motion sensor light bulbs can be used in office buildings and houses. They are energy-efficient and act as a deterrent. There are green household appliances as well. Manufacturers offer high end and affordable appliances such as washing machines, refrigerators, dryers, and others. Buying efficient devices is a good way to minimize pollution and help address the increased energy demand. To compare efficiency, many homeowners use online calculators that give a good idea of their household’s energy consumption and help assess usage.
To reduce water consumption, homeowners can opt for low-flow and dual-flush toilets and other fixtures. They benefit from considerable savings while low-flow toilets come with different appealing designs. They are ideal for water-constrained areas.
Building a green house involves choosing an eco-friendly home plan and sustainable design. The goal is to minimize the impact on human health, air, wildlife, and the environment. Homeowners can choose from different green building materials such as lightweight concrete, stone, bamboo, straw, wood, earth, and others. There is also a large selection of green paints that are safe and contain little or no volatile organic compounds. Going green doesn’t mean sacrificing paint quality or color. Manufacturers offer products that are odorless, non-flammable, non-toxic, water-based, and safe to use. There is a selection of flooring types that are made from glass tiles, bamboo, cork, and recycled materials. They feature innovative designs and certified materials. People use carpets and floors to play with their children, lie, sit, and walk. Floors harbor bacteria and get dirty with time. Green products are a great option for eco house cleaning and range from detergents and window cleaners to antibacterial soaps. There is a choice of window and carpet cleaning products that come in recyclable containers and packaging and are free of artificial preservatives and colorants, toxic chemicals, and petrochemical-based ingredients.
Eco-friendly furniture is the preferred choice of many households, especially families with young children. They are made from materials such as recycled wood, cotton, wood, and bamboo. These pieces of furniture are durable, usable, and functional and are either locally produced or transported efficiently. Durable, high quality materials are used to increase their lifespan. Manufacturers also offer multifunctional pieces of furniture that save space and valuable resources. This is a sustainable solution over adding more waste to the landfills.
Similar to green homes, eco friendly apartments offer a comfortable and healthy environment. Innovative ideas and designs are implemented to conserve the planet’s limited resources. The location of buildings is strategic as to maximize exposure to sunlight. They are equipped with modern appliances, rainwater collection systems, LED lights, and a lot more. Some apartments feature skylights which block UV rays and incorporate light into the home.
Those who live in houses may use sustainable landscaping techniques that help conserve water and energy and create an eco-friendly garden design.
Recycling is beneficial in that it helps conserve non-renewable resources, energy, and water. In this way, materials such as metals, plastics, and paper are reprocessed and reused. Recycling reduces the volume of waste that is transported to the landfills on a daily basis. There are many economic and environmental benefits, and one is that the more people choose to recycle, the cheaper the process and the goods that we use. Appliance recycling helps homeowners to dispose of old items and buy new, energy-efficient ones.
Manufacturers and retailers offer a wide variety of items and foods, from organic fruits and vegetables to green pet supplies. Groceries are produced locally without the use of toxic chemicals, herbicides, and pesticides. Producers use natural pesticides that leave less pesticide residue. This is good for the environment and reduces the risk for serious conditions such as cancers. Eco friendly pet supplies, including litter bags, food, and toys, are made from recycled materials and fibers with no pollutants and dangerous chemicals. Dog owners can choose from high quality grooming equipment, kernels, foods, harnesses, and other must-have supplies. There are also items for cats, turtles, snakes, birds, and other pets.
Finally, manufacturers offer eco-friendly clothing and fabrics for adults, children, and babies. There are collections for vegans and nature lovers that are based on organic and recycled fabrics. Designers feature artificial and vegan leather and a selection of designs and styles.
Montréal, Canada Provencher Roy Montréal, Canada The advancement plan for the Technopôle Angus has recently obtained LEED® v4 Platinum authorization for feasible neighbourhood outline. As one of the leading green localities on the planet to be an employment center, the Technopôle is confirmation that any30
4) Don't expect to buy high quality Green Coffee products in Owen Sound ON for less than $50. If that could put you into an uncomfortable situation financially you should definitely look for another weight loss supplement.
Pure Green Coffee Supplements are the most ideal weight loss supplement in the current Owen Sound Ontario market.
The green coffee max supplements that are sold to Owen Sound Ontario customers are made from natural extract. The most effective product in the coffee beans is the naturally occurring Chlorogenic acid that works by slowing down the absorption of fat by the body after meals, or by triggering the body metabolism that metabolizes any extra fat consumed. Through its operations, there is minimal fat stored in the body.
The Chlorogenic acid also reduces the release of glucose by the liver into the blood stream hence no fat is stored in the body. Since most of the nutrients and glucose enter the bloodstream through the large intestines, the acid also prevents the entry of some glucose from the small intestines. If the glucose is not blocked from entering the small intestines, it is stored in form of fat.
Chlorogenic acid found in Green Coffee Bean Max sold to our Owen Sound Ontario customers, stimulates the body's insulin production. Insulin reduces the blood sugar levels by pulling glucose into the cells using it for energy production hence increasing the body metabolism and energy levels. Chlorogenic acid curbs carbohydrate absorption in the body.
Apart from being an efficient Owen Sound ON weight loss supplement, this green coffee supplement also helps in cleansing the blood, lowering cravings, speeding up body metabolism and regulating the blood sugar. The effectiveness of the coffee beans is determined by the concentration and purity of Chlorogenic acid and the quantity of the green coffee supplement taken. Therefore, the green coffee supplement should be taken as directed in order to increase the quality of the weight loss results. Chlorogenic acid is present in this product in high concentrations hence the green coffee we sell in Owen Sound ON are more than effective for weight loss.
Green coffee beans protect Owen Sound users from several health diseases associated with blood sugar and cancer related illnesses hence it is highly recommended, but caution should be taken by the user to only purchase Quality green coffee Products in Owen Sound ON from reputable manufacturers.
Green coffee supplements are now one of the hottest weight loss supplements in Owen Sound Ontario and all across Canada today. This amazing product has been featured in various TV shows and fitness magazines not only in Owen Sound ON but all over the world. Consequently, a lot of people in Ontario have reported to have experienced various great health benefits from using it. But is it really effective? That all depends on the QUALITY!
Sure, a lot of supplements have been popping up in the Ontario market and most of them cater to weight loss. The reason for that is a lot of people in Owen Sound ON want to lose weight but don't have enough time to go to the gym or get into a diet program. The sad thing is that a lot of the green coffee products found on local Owen Sound store shelves are low quality, mass produced made in China type products. Remember, you only get what you pay for. If your local Owen Sound health store is selling what appears to be the same type of product at a much reduced price, alarm bells should go off. How can you judge the effectiveness of coffee bean products by purchasing the lower end cheap stuff? If you want fast weightloss and the associated health benefits make sure you are buying high quality.
Watch Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (2009) : Full Movie Online Free As Harry begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he discovers an old book marked as 'Property of the Half-Blood Prince', and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past.
Plot Keywords : witch, magic, broom, school of witchcraft, apparition, teenage crush, werewolf, wizard, based on young adult novel
This is a great way to use bruised or overripe, but still edible fruit. The recipe was sent to us by Kimber, who used to do home deliveries in the Bay Area every Tuesday.
Take two to four soft peaches, nectarines and/or plums. Cut them up into a small bowl, removing inedible parts. Sprinkle with a few crushed up whole wheat crackers, oats, cinnamon, a little sweetener if desired, and chopped nuts. Stir and enjoy! Great with ice cream too!
Would you like to share your favorite way to use Full Belly Farm produce? We would love to hear from you. Fill out this form.
28 Arp 2015: Deadline for paper submission has been extended to the 1st of June. See dates for details.
30 Nov 2014: International Scientific Committee has been published and Registration Fees have been updated.
We invite submission of extended abstracts (max. 3 pages) reporting original research in the areas of Virtual Archaeology and Cultural Tourism. See Aims and Scope for more details on proposed thematic areas.
In the extended abstract, the authors should try to present their case, their innovative idea or application and provide critical information, a case study, evaluation results and comparative studies where appropriate to support their case. Authors are expected to support their claims in the abstract text using appropriate evidence, facts and quantitative or qualitative evaluation (even at a preliminary form).
The submission deadline is on 25th of June 2015. The extended abstracts will be subject to blind review and the review results will be available within 20 days.
To submit your abstract for the Special Session on "Culture-Technology-Education", please use the single topic "special session: culture-technology-education" in your submission.
An island paradise in Greece sets the stage for the ultimate feel-good show – this uproarious and fun-loving musical will have you dancing in your seat! Read more
Les Filles du Roi is a deeply moving and unique work in three languages – English, French and Mohawk; a perfect vehicle to uncover a perspective different from the one told by Settler culture, one that redefines the Canadian narrative. Read more
You've come to the right place to find a musical tonight! The Vancouver Musical Theatre Calendar is your online source for upcoming musical theatre show listings in Vancouver, BC. Check out the Upcoming Musicals at left, or click a date in the calendar below (orange days are musical days!)
Just in time for Halloween, The Snapshots Collective presents the ghoulish musical thriller Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street from October 10–31, 2018 at Mrs. Lovett’s Pie Shop in Vancouver’s historic Gastown. In this immersive, site-specific production, audiences will get up close and personal with the demon barber himself.
Hi to all my name is Christopher Todea I have 15 years live in California USA and good hope is the best server
[SS]Segured wrote: Hi to all my name is Christopher Todea I have 15 years live in California USA and good hope is the best server
Is it possible to use this program and say EZmacros and create a macro to send back to the ps3 to do repetive tasks?
I've only tried using a third party macro tool to interact with GIMX once before - it was called Hot Keyboard Pro. Another user here in the forums made some macros for RE5 farming, so I wanted to look into how well it performed.
Unfortunately the actions in the game would never match 100% each time, and this may very well be due to the fact that you're adding a whole new "layer" with a third party program, prone to minor hiccups that'll just completely offset the whole thing in the long run.
It may also be due to small random variables in the game, so depending on the situation it might work flawlessly. First of all it needs to use the right kind of virtual keys though - there's some that GIMX can't "see", and there's only one way to find out if they're the right kind; trying.
UPDATE: I can't seem to get it to run. I notice most of the files installed are dated 2001, a few 2008. Perhaps not compatible with Windows 7.
I am not looking for key board i am looking for Contorler this is what i want to set the task to do if this helps you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56Qk1jGmlxs
Punta Cana Hotel Secrets Royal Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. If you have booked a flight only where the ticket is not issued immediately, your flight will be protected under our ATOL.Please see our booking conditions for information, or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate
Featuring free WiFi and pool views, Kameni Dvori is a villa, set in Lovorno. Guests benefit from terrace. Free private parking is available on ... read more
Situated in Lovorno, this air-conditioned holiday home features a terrace and a garden with an outdoor pool. This holiday home features a year-round ... read more
Holiday home Lovorno 11A is a holiday home with a garden, set in Lovorno in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County Region. The property is 23 km from Dubrovnik ... read more
205 cooking up a business lessons from food lovers who turned their passion into a career and how you c an too no short description cooking up a business lessons from food lovers who turned their passion into a career and how you c an too because this is pdf file * PDF *
Approximately 1/3 of the inquiries to Find-Out are questions related to basic needs, such as food, clothing, housing, transportation, legal help, health services, counseling, parenting programs, support groups, day care, adult education, etc.
2 Managing a vehicle fleet requires expert knowledge, professional focus, and a dedicated execution of strategies. This presentation will explain the breadth and depth of the fleet managers job, give you an awareness of the complexity of managing a fleet, and help you understand what knowledge and skills are required to be successful. 2
3 What is a fleet manager? Fleets of vehicles are an organizational asset. Other assets most organizations have include Personnel Facilities Financial Intellectual Property Fleet Management is a subset of Asset Management. Yet, a fleet manager wears many different hats. 3
4 Fleet Managers… 4 Support Company or Organizations Mission via: Vehicles and equipment suitable for intended tasks Vehicles and equipment safe and available when needed Professionals indispensable to their companies and organizations!
5 Fleet Managers Are… Experts in and have knowledge of: Asset management Business management Financial management Fleet information management Maintenance management Risk management Vehicle fuel management Professional development 5
6 Asset Management The overall management of all of the diverse assets held by an organization. A subset of the real properties owned or leased by an organization. Responsibility for selection, procurement, use, care, and remarketing of employers fleet assets. Sometimes fleet managers are also responsible for non-fleet equipment or infrastructure. 6
7 Vehicle Selection & Acquisition The process of choosing and procuring the most appropriate vehicles or equipment for defined needs of organization. Vehicle Remarketing The process of considering the most relevant factors and methods of removing fleet assets from the organization while maximizing the return on the investment. 7
8 Business Management Dealing with leasing companies, automobile dealers, supply or service contractors, insurance companies, and others requires knowledge of an organizations rights, boundaries, and responsibilities. Regulations & Legislation Covers the common federal and state laws and regulations impacting fleet, both internally for the organization and externally with outside parties. 8
9 Business Law Highlights the importance of contracts, hiring practices, the manufacture and sale of consumer goods, business transactions, work safety, and other legal aspects relating to fleet management. Fleet Policies & Procedures Concerning written documentation of executive level management decisions that employees are required to follow in conducting the business of the organization and usage of its fleet vehicles. 9
10 Request for Proposals For soliciting proposals and/or offers for proposed contracts using the negotiated procurement method to obtain goods and services. Emergency Preparedness Ensures the fleets operational readiness to respond to an emergency in a coordinated, timely, and effective manner. 10
11 Financial Management Knowledge of the financial issues that affect a managers fleets – possibly including: financial analysis of various acquisition options, ability to conduct a lifecycle analysis, benchmarking, outsourcing decisions, and preparing and implementing a fleet budget. 11
12 Personal Use The practice of an employer-provided vehicle being used for any function or activity other than official business and the implications this has on both the company and employee. Vehicle Leasing Act of acquiring a fleet asset, through legal contract, where the fleet manager takes control of the asset for a specific period of time, but does not take ownership of the item. 12
13 Vehicle Purchase Involves acquisition process where the fleet manager would acquire, and take ownership, of an asset for an agreed upon price. Vehicle Reimbursement Involves compensating employees who use their personally-owned vehicles for company business. Budgeting Includes projecting and planning for future financial activities; provision of accurate managerial information; and policy implementation. 13
14 Lifecycle Cost Analysis A mathematical model that allows a fleet manager to consider all the relevant costs incurred over the lifetime of a vehicle or operation. Performance Monitoring Comparing an organizations performance with past performance, industry partners, or industrys best practices. 14
15 Fleet Information Management With a general knowledge of Information Technology, fleet managers can interact with support staff to solve problems and enhance IT functionality. Information Infrastructure Gives the fleet manager information to understand computer hardware and operating systems so they may enable efficient gathering, storage, transmission, and use of fleet data. 15
16 Information Systems Selection & Implementation To accurately determine fleet data requirements to meet asset management and decision-making needs. Data Collecting & Processing The fleet manager/specialist needs to optimize thousands of manual and electronic data streams to gather, organize, process, and present critical information in a meaningful format. 16
17 Fleet Communications Developing communication channels to benefit operators, dispatchers, customers, and intra-fleet functions. Vendor Management This readies the fleet manager with dealing with the potential issues that could arise with a third-party provider. 17
18 Maintenance Management Vehicle maintenance directly impacts productivity, driver satisfaction, corporate image, safety, environmental compliance, and the financial bottom line. This requires understanding of, and ability to communicate, essential maintenance principals to in- house or outsourced maintenance personnel, drivers, and management. Vehicle Maintenance Impacts all aspects of fleet management. 18
19 Shop Operations Fleet Managers must be able to establish policies and procedures that ensure vehicle safety while minimizing effective downtime and employing advantageous outsourcing opportunities. Environmental Issues Environmental regulation requirements ensure not only a clean and healthy environment, but also employee safety. It is the Fleet Managers responsibility to know and adhere to these ever-changing regulations. 19
20 Inventory Management Professionally managed parts support is a critical contributing factor to the success of a maintenance facility. Performance Monitoring Involves proper identification of key performance indicators, data collection, comparison, and analysis to determine performance status and standards. 20
21 Outsourcing The decision to outsource activities depends on numerous factors, but ultimately is determined by what is most effective and efficient. Maintenance Staffing Includes right-sizing staff levels as well as ensuring their safety, proper training to meet the demands of evolving technology, and appropriate compensation. 21
22 A form of planning and decision-making dealing with uncertain events as well as controlling risks before they can become a problem. Risk management provides additional strategies for dealing with loss. This disciplines competencies will demonstrate strategies of dealing with risk, focusing on insurance, subrogation, training, and safety, in addition to how to effectively handle a loss. 22 Risk Management
23 Insurance A system under which individuals, businesses and other organizations or entities, in exchange for payment of a sum of money (a premium), are guaranteed compensation for losses resulting from certain perils under specified conditions. Subrogation The substitution of one party (insurer) for another party (insured) to pursue any rights the insured may have against a third party liable for a loss paid by the insurer. 23
24 Fleet Driver Training & Vehicle Safety A means of preventing employee and property losses to an organization through training and education. Crash Management The process of controlling direct and indirect losses incurred during and after vehicle crashes. Motor Vehicle Records A document that provides a history of violations, suspensions, and other details about a persons driving history. 24
25 Fleet specialists and managers must understand regional environmental issues and policies associated with fuel; should also know about alternative fuels, the emerging changes in technologies, and local government acts or regulations associated with them. This disciplines competencies deal with both conventional and alternative fuels in centralized and decentralized operations. 25 Vehicle Fuel Management
26 Environmental Issues In-house fueling is the function of organizations that own and operate their own fueling facilities. In the course of this function, they are required to comply with strict, government environmental regulations. Commercial Programs A fuel management option whereby an outside vendor assists controlling, tracking, reporting, and managing a fleets use of commercial fuel stations. 26
27 Conventional Fuels Gasoline and diesel fuel are defined as conventional fuels. They are the most widely used fuels in fleet vehicles. Alternative Fuels Include ethanol, natural gas, propane, hydrogen, biodiesel, electricity, methanol, and p-series fuels. The interest in alternative fuels is based on their potential to address three important issues: air quality in urban areas, dependence on imported petroleum, and greenhouse gas emissions. 27
28 Fleet specialists and managers need to continually educate themselves. Personal improvement in leadership, ethical behavior, and all aspects of organizational effectiveness, is a must. Leadership Personal development is the concept of self-improvement through setting and achieving goals and career planning. 28 Professional Development
29 29 Business Communications Proper usage of writing techniques to communicate effectively; also includes other verbal and non-verbal methods of communication as well. Organization Processes Leaders must be adept at making decisions, negotiating, and managing change. They must also have good administration skills in the conduct of meetings and staffing decisions. Ethics Ethical decision-making assists managers in making decisions that are right and good.
30 Individuals in Organizations Fleet managers and specialists need to understand the types of employees, generational influences, and workplace issues such as harassment, health, and diversity. 30
31 31 Visit the Beyond Fleet programs website to review how fleet managers positively impact business and achieve your organizations goals. For More Information… You can find out all about it at: www.BeyondFleet.com www.BeyondFleet.com
Objectives Know why companies use distribution channels and understand the functions that these channels perform. Learn how channel members interact and.
Assurance Services Independent professional services that “improve the quality of information, or its context, for decision makers” Assurance service encompass.
Objectives To introduce software project management and to describe its distinctive characteristics To discuss project planning and the planning process.
Threshold System Presented by Jan Stanley, State Title I Director Office of Assessment and Accountability Fall Title I Directors Conference October 23-25,
Managing Technology and Innovation Chapter 17 Copyright © 2011 by the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved. McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
Presentation on theme: "Oral Rehydration & Continued Feeding MICS 3 Data Analysis and Report Writing."— Presentation transcript:
2 Background Diarrhea is the second leading cause of death among children under five worldwide. Most diarrhea-related deaths in children are due to dehydration from the loss of large quantities of water and electrolytes from the body in the liquid stool. Many of these deaths can be prevented with the use of oral rehydration therapy (ORT).
3 Background Current recommendations for treatment of diarrhea: Oral Rehydration Therapy [(oral rehydration solution and/or an appropriate household solution) or increased fluids] and continued feeding.
4 International Goals & Targets Reduction by 50 percent in the deaths due to diarrhoea in children under the age of five years and 25 per cent reduction in the diarrhoea incidence rate
5 List of Indicators Prevalence of diarrhea Oral rehydration therapy (ORT) Home management of diarrhea (ORT or increased fluids) and continued feeding
6 Indicator Issues Monitoring indicators have changed several times over the last decade. Significant comparability issues, and problems analyzing trends over time. Several different indicators therefore continue to be tracked. Latest indicator agreed by the interagency child survival indicator meeting, June 2004: % children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea receiving (ORT or increased fluid) and continued feeding
7 Definition of Indicator Prevalence of Diarrhea (2 weeks) % children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea in the 2 weeks prior to the survey Numerator: Number of children aged 0-59 months reported to have diarrhea in the 2 weeks prior to the survey Denominator: Total number of children aged 0-59 months surveyed
8 Definition of Indicator Oral Rehydration Therapy % children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea receiving oral rehydration therapy Numerator: Number of children aged 0-59 months with diarrhoea receiving oral rehydration (oral rehydration solution and/or an appropriate household solution or taking more fluids) Denominator: Total number of children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea in the previous 2 weeks
9 Definition of Indicator Home Management of Diarrhea % children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea receiving continued feeding Numerator: Number of children aged 0-59 months with diarrhoea who took more fluids and continued eating somewhat less, the same or more food Denominator: Total number of children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea in the previous 2 weeks
10 Definition of Indicator ORT or increased fluids and continued feeding % children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea receiving ORT or increased fluids and continued feeding Numerator: Number of children aged 0-59 months with diarrhoea who received oral rehydration therapy or took more fluids and continued eating somewhat less, the same or more food Denominator: Total number of children aged 0-59 months with diarrhea in the previous 2 weeks
11 Methodological Issues If the mother/caregiver did not know if the child had diarrhea in the past 2 weeks, the child is omitted from the calculation for oral rehydration treatment and home management. Appropriate oral rehydration salts and/or homemade solutions include: – specific packet of ORS (local name) – government recommended homemade solution – pre-packaged ORS fluid for diarrhea Percentages of children aged 0-59 months receiving various treatments will not add to 100 since some children will receive more than 1 type of treatment.
20 ORT & CF Coverage (WCARO) % under fives with diarrhea receiving oral rehydration and continued feeding
21 ORT & CF Coverage (ESARO) % under fives with diarrhea receiving oral rehydration and continued feeding
٠ 1 ٠ Global Operations Landscape Data on Target: Increase % of Children who Report Improved Level of Well-being 31.4% of population in Armenia living.
Support to children orphaned and made vulnerable by HIV/AIDS Additional module for inclusion in countries where at least 8% of the children are orphaned.
Introduction Capitalism: An economic system in which individuals and corporations, not the government, own the principal means of productions and seek profits Mixed Economy: An economic system in which the government is deeply involved in economic decisions through its role as regulator, consumer, subsidizer, taxer, employer and borrower Multinational Corporations: Businesses with vast holdings in many countries Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Economic Policy at Work: An Illustration Government Regulation and Business Practices Securities and Exchange Commission regulates stock fraud Minimum wage: the legal minimum hourly wage for large employers Labor union: an organization of workers intended to engage in collective bargaining Collective bargaining: negotiations between labor unions and management to determine pay and working conditions Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Wal-Mart and the World Economy Wal-Mart (the largest company in the world) epitomizes America’s imbedding in the world economy. The proportion of U.S. GDP accounted for by international trade is 30%. Wal-Mart takes full advantage of “comparative advantage.” Offshore outsourcing is a key concern of the new global economy. Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
“It’s the Economy, Stupid”: Voters, Politicians, and Economic Policy Economic trends affect who voters vote for. Economic conditions are the best predictor of voters’ evaluation of the president. Republicans worry about inflation. Democrats stress importance of unemployment. Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Two Major Worries: Unemployment and Inflation Unemployment Rate: measured by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), the proportion of the labor force actively seeking work, but unable to find jobs Inflation: the rise in prices for consumer goods Consumer Price Index: the key measure of inflation that relates the rise in prices over time Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Monetary Policy and “the Fed” Monetary Policy: the manipulation of the supply of money in private hands–too much cash and credit produces inflation Money supply affects the rate of interest paid. Main policymaker is the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System–the “Fed” Created in 1913 to regulate lending practices of banks and thus they money supply Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Monetary Policy and “the Fed” (continued) The Feds instruments to influence the supply of money in circulation: Sets the federal funds rate Buys and sells government bonds Through the use of these actions, the Fed can affect the economy. Laissez-faire: principle that government should not meddle in the economy Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Fiscal Policy of Presidents and Parties Fiscal Policy: the policy that describes the impact of the federal budget on the economy Keynesian Economic Theory: government spending and deficits help the economy weather its normal ups and downs Government’s job is to increase demand of goods Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Fiscal Policy of Presidents and Parties, (continued) Supply-Side Economics: the policy that says there is too much taxation and not enough money to purchase goods and services Reduce taxation and government regulation then people will work harder, and thus create a greater supply of goods Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Some think politicians manipulate the economy to win reelection. But there are problems with that: Things like the budget are prepared in advance of when they go into effect Government makes economic policy slowly Some benefits are indexed Capitalism can also affect the economy Federal government spends less than 20 percent of GDP Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Protectionism: the economic policy of shielding an economy from imports World Trade Organization (WTO): the international organization that regulates international trade Free trade is controversial as jobs have increasingly been outsourced. But short-term pain equals long-term gain Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Business and Public Policy Corporate Corruption and Concentration Increased incidence of bankruptcy and scandals Increased number of corporate mergers Antitrust policy: a policy designed to ensure competition and prevent monopoly, which is the control of a market by one company Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Business and Public Policy (continued) Regulating and Benefiting Business New wave of regulation Congress passed law in 2002 that toughened penalties for stock fraud Creation of Accounting Oversight Board to regulate accounting industry Businesses benefit from regulation, too Copyrights, inventions, and patents Government may loan businesses money. Government collects data that business use. Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Consumer Policy: The Rise of the Consumer Lobby Consumers historically have had little government protection. Food and Drug Administration (FDA): created in 1913; approves foods and drugs sold in the U.S Federal Trade Commission (FTC): responsible for regulating false and misleading trade practices, which now includes consumer lending practices Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Labor and Government Government historically sided with business over labor unions. National Labor Relations Board (NLRB): regulates labor-management relations; created in 1935 by the Wagner Act The Taft-Hartley Act (1947) continued to guarantee unions the right of collective bargaining, but prohibited various unfair practices by unions. Government now provides unemployment compensation and a minimum wage. Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Democracy and Economic Policymaking Voters expect more of politicians that they can control Sometimes economic theory and democratic theory may be at cross purposes. It is difficult to make decisions that hurt groups or involve short-term pain for long-term gain. Economic Policymaking and the Scope of Government Liberals tend to favor more while conservatives favor less government involvement in the economy. Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Summary Political and economic sectors are closely intermingled. Voters expect a lot from politicians, more than they can deliver on the economy Two major instruments available to government for managing the economy—monetary and fiscal policies Pearson Education, Inc., Longman © 2008
Macroeconomics that part of economic theory dealing with the economy as a whole and decision making by large units such as governments and unions Click.
The role of government in the United States economy How does the United States government promote and regulate competition?
Chapter 17 Economic Policymaking. Capitalism Private individuals own the principal means of production Prices and wages determined by Supply and Demand.
Copyright © 2009 Pearson Education, Inc. Publishing as Longman. Economic Policymaking Chapter 17 Edwards, Wattenberg, and Lineberry Government in America:
Economic Policy by Jared, Chris, and Andreas. Wal-Mart ●Inflation: Increases the prices of its goods over time.
Economic Policymaking Chapter 17. Economic Systems Market Economy: An economic system in which individuals and corporations, not the government, own the.
The Role of Government in the United States Economy How does the United States government promote and regulate competition?
THE BIG PICTURE. WHAT CAN GOVERNMENT DO TO PROMOTE ECONOMIC GROWTH? Is economic growth really the government’s job? What should the government.
This is an adult-oriented blog that contains nudity and sexually explicit language.If you are under 18 years of age or under your local legal age please leave this page.
All the material posted in this blog was found in internet and assumed to be in the public domain. I claims no credit for any images and/or videos posted on this blog. If you own the copyright on a particular photo or video and do not wish them to appear on this site please send me a mail at ethnicmale@gmail.com and they will be promptly removed. This blog is in no way responsible for or has control of the content of any external web site links.
Ethnic Men 2010. Modified Template from a Revolution Two Church theme by Brian Gardner Converted into Blogger Template by Bloganol dot com
At this point, I simply want to find a nice, normal man to go to a movie with, maybe someone who can reach things from the top shelves in my kitchen on occasion.
Meet for the first time in a populated, public location – never in a private or remote location. Inform a friend or family member of your plans and when and where you're going.
Keeping your registration with us costs you nothing and you have nothing to lose other than the prospect of meeting your match online if you're not a member.
It seems only yesterday that the children started school and we are now into our third month of school. The children are developing socially and are learning by leaps and bounds.
Please check our website for upcoming events; we do try to keep it up to date for parents. Teachers update websites monthly as well, so please check and if you have any questions for your child’s teacher please make sure you e-mail them or call to schedule a meeting. Teachers check their e-mails twice a day, and are very good at getting back to parents.
We are currently running our Food Drive; if you are able to make a donation you will find a box outside of your child's classroom for your donations. If you need more information regarding the Food Drive please contact Brigid Caffrey.
Our Family Banner day is scheduled for Wednesday, November 21, 2018. Please check back packs for further details. We will have a half day session on this day and there will be no aftercare, parents please be on time to pick up your child.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, it gives us energy to start our day. If you want your child to receive Breakfast at school, remember to fill out the white envelopes to preorder your breakfast for the following week. Envelopes go out in the folders on Friday, and need to be returned by Monday. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the school.
Safety protocols are always in check; please make sure that you inform teachers if you will be picking up your child early, so that the office is aware that you will be coming into the school. Make sure that if you are sending someone to pick up your child that they are on the list of allowed persons to pick up your child. Children will not be released to anyone that is not on the list, and they must be at least 18 years old with identification.
If you have any questions, regarding your child or the preschool program, please feel free to contact me at 973-272-7470, ext. 1016, due to Safety Protocols all meetings must be scheduled in advance.
Registration is on-going if you are interested in registering your child for preschool, please contact the registrar at 973-253-6600, ext. 6601
Its users find that the MAPPY ITI 400 doesn't have any particular problems of user-friendliness.They find it relatively fragile., But they are not unanimous. You can look at the MAPPY ITI 400 forum to identify problems that users have come across and the suggested solutions.
According to its users, it is efficient., They mostly agree on this point. On average they find that it's price is right You can download the MAPPY ITI 400 user manual to ensure that its features correspond to your needs.
325 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the MAPPY ITI 400 is very user-friendly.
By leaving the mouse on a column for a few seconds, you can see the number of people who voted to make up the score that appears in the horizontal axis.
325 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the MAPPY ITI 400 is, in its domain, the best on a technical level, the one offering the best quality, or offering the largest range of options.
325 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the MAPPY ITI 400 is a sturdy product, which will last a long time before breaking down.
325 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the MAPPY ITI 400 is really not expensive considering its features.
Services: Massage classic, Parties, Fetish, Face Sitting, BDSM (receiving), Games, Sex anal, Swinging
Services: Dinner Dates, Lapdancing, Lapdancing, Watersports (Giving), Pole Dancing, Facials, Sauna / Bath Houses, Spanking (giving)
Services: Fetish, Female Ejaculation, Golden shower (out), Oral Without (at discretion), Massage, Spanking (giving), Blow ride, BDSM (receiving)
Services: Oral Without (at discretion), 'A' Levels, Role playing, Bondage, Moresomes, Striptease, Anal Play, Photo / Video rec
Services: Food Sex, Swinging, Uniforms, BDSM (receiving), Tie & Tease, Dinner Dates, Massage, Tantric
Slim Girls in Kuldiga who do Dinner Dates, live only on GRANDCENTRALQUAN3.COM. To fuck angel is very simple. Just send her an SMS. Today in this region the best baby - Lily. Remember the Sex girl in Kuldiga featuring a blond, slowly sliding down him, as he jerkily wrenched the knife up through her. I drove it in. Not hard enough to notice, but hard enough to give him Kulldiga erection.
This content was STOLEN from BrainMass.com - View the original, and get the already-completed solution here!
7. Jilk Inc.'s contribution margin ratio is 40% and its fixed monthly expenses are $40,000. Assuming that the fixed monthly expenses do not change, what is the best estimate of the company's net operating income in a month when sales are $120,000? Ans: $8,000
The company is currently selling 8,000 units per month. Fixed expenses are $800,000 per month. The marketing manager believes that a $20,000 increase in the monthly advertising budget would result in a 200 unit increase in monthly sales. What should be the overall effect on the company's monthly net operating income of this change? Ans: $4,000 increase
Fixed expenses are $531,000 per month. The company is currently selling 4,000 units per month. The marketing manager would like to cut the selling price by $14 and increase the advertising budget by $35,000 per month. The marketing manager predicts that these two changes would increase monthly sales by 800 units. What should be the overall effect on the company's monthly net operating income of this change? Ans: $9,800
Fixed expenses are $384,000 per month. The company is currently selling 6,000 units per month. The marketing manager would like to introduce sales commissions as an incentive for the sales staff. The marketing manager has proposed a commission of $9 per
For the four problems, the solutions show the mathematical computations to arrive at the answer given in the problems.
blogsFresh takes, in-depth analysis and opinions from our esteemed panel of industry leaders and Brand Equity's news team
FinTech has today become the new darling of the start-up world, fuelled by the passion and needs of a generation born to technology. This transition generation has seen overworked parents toiling to earn and save bit by bit. Parents who recommended they be extra cautious with scarce money – jitni chaader ho utni pair pasaro. Millennials have learnt not how to deal with money but how not to deal with it.
They are doing to finance what the stodgy incumbents weren’t able to do: spot the hidden suboptimal and conceive solutions that address them elegantly using technology. The biggest sub-optimality in finance has been that it’s extremely consumer unfriendly – too complex and obscure. The industry was also riskaverse thus attracting talent who were no more than compliant managers. FinTech is bringing in not just unique offerings and business models but also refreshingly disruptive ways of working. It is demystifying finance for the new consumer, who like them isn’t as risk averse as the last generation.
There is a growing trend in the area of alternate lending aimed at individuals and small enterprises. Refusal of a small personal loan by a bank has been the trigger for a lot of early action in this space. For many entrepreneurs, the spark has been their own personal experience. For every one approved loan there are at least ten or more that get rejected and many others who do not even apply for lack of credit scores. (According to a recent estimate, less than 2% of the country has a valid credit score). There is a huge gap in the market and the market for online lending is here to stay to cater to this unmet demand. In fact many interesting innovations have emerged in P2P lending that allow you to lend to peers or donate small sums for a cause that you care about (Faircent & Milaap). Such organisations project themselves not as the place you go to when others turn you down, but the first stop if you want for a hassle-free, paper-free, headache free loan.
Paytm, MobiKwik, Freecharge are already household names in India. What started as a utility bill payment model has now become a full-fledged marketplace of financial transactions with applications spanning across banking and financial transactions to ticket bookings, shopping, money transfers, insurance premiums and many others. According to a TechSci Research Report, the mobile wallet market in India is projected to reach $6.6 billion by 2020. Rising smartphone penetration, attractive incentives and schemes aided by friendly regulations and payment bank licenses to telecom majors, Airtel and Vodafone are slated to fuel exponential growth.
The pioneer in the online broker-aggregator model is ‘Policy Bazaar’. Credit goes to them for entering a space like insurance when the industry was far from taking the online market space seriously. Bank Bazaar emerged in the same space but with a bigger focus on loan rate comparison and instant quotes. Despite limited room to manoeuvre, Policy Bazzar survived multiple insurance regulatory challenges and since then has diversified into a complete financial advisory model with paisabazzar.com. Paisa Bazaar offers a full suite of financial products covering loans, credit cards, mutual funds, ETFs etc. The online financial marketplace is the next big trend in the Money Universe.
The early growth of RoboAdvisors since its launch in 2012 suggested that they could replace the entire face-to-face advice model, the bread and butter of insurance agents, brokers and bank relationship managers. The hype seemed to indicate human advisors will soon be a thing of the past but that is far from true. Except for insurance wherein customers paid for doorstep service and convenience more than advice, the industry has always struggled to monetise pure play advice. The Robo Advisors movement that started with a bang is now struggling. Many of these start-ups have since evolved into a built-in brokerage model with revenue model shifting from advice fee to transaction fees.
While bitcoin is the most salient and top of mind in the FinTech world, many altcoins have emerged as more specific and affordable options, especially in the USA and the UK. Many others have made decisions against digital currency, for reasons ranging from ignorance to ambiguity to protectionism of national currency. (For the uninitiated crypto currencies are basically peer-to-peer digital currencies that use cryptography as lead security system.) The laws about crypto currency are in a grey area across most parts of the world including India. Since it’s a P2P currency, it is impossible to regulate a population using bitcoin as currency and the logistics to monitor a mass population is almost impossible. At the moment there’s no verdict on the legality of virtual currency in India.
There is lot more action with niche offerings like ‘invest your change’ or ‘manage your kid’s pocket money’ but I want to end here saying that FinTech will remain one of the hottest sectors in 2016. The fragmented industry will see movement from sheer volume to building businesses of stability and scale aided by a friendly regulatory regime. RBI’s ‘Unified Payment Interface’ is a big step towards a cashless digitised economy. A progressive regulatory framework that encourages digitisation and disruptions will go a long way in making India the hub of excellence in this space.
DISCLAIMER: The views expressed are solely of the author and ETBrandEquity.com does not necessarily subscribe to it. ETBrandEquity.com shall not be responsible for any damage caused to any person/organisation directly or indirectly.
The author is consultant at World Bank Group, marketing & digital strategist, Max Group of Companies. Views expressed are personal.
If you choose to ignore this message, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on ET BrandEquity.
Havells' new campaign keeps pace with the changing times by removing gender roles from household chores
The traditional Dutch hotel ‚Stadehuys‘ in Stavoren selected the Candles and Spirits (with black Swarovski crystals!) and Hollywood to complete the interior of the typically Dutch rooms. The Hollywood chandelier in the bathrooms, one of the first chandeliers by BRAND VAN EGMOND, shines its lights, using real candles.
We and third parties, who are partly based outside the EU, use cookies to improve and analyse this website and to make it work in a user friendly manner. By clicking OK you give us permission to place cookies for reasons mentioned above and as described in our privacy and cookie statement.OkRead more
Experts in waxing – look no further than Brazilian Beauty to bring back your beautifully smooth skin.
Our professionally trained and highly-qualified Beauty Therapists will ensure that your treatment is as quick and comfortable as possible. Thanks to tried and tested methods, premium wax and strict hygiene standards Brazilian Beauty 100% guarantees that you will be delighted with your waxing experience.
Extra care is given when waxing around sensitive areas of the body. Our professional Therapists will always take special care and ensure that appropriate support and superior quality wax is used. This is how we minimise discomfort as we leave you with beautifully smooth skin.
For a more permanent hair reduction, we suggest that you look into our IPL Hair Reduction treatments.
Avoid sun exposure and chemical peels or powerful exfoliants on the area for at least two days before your appointment.
While powerful exfoliants are to be avoided, performing a light exfoliation on the area to be waxed can help achieve superior results.
Exfoliating 3 days after your treatment with an exfoliating mitt will help to prevent ingrown hairs. Exfoliate the area every 2 days thereafter.
Apply a powerful after-wax lotion to the area immediately after waxing to eliminate potential infection, irritation and the chance of ingrown hairs.
Don’t expose the treated area to solariums or direct sunlight for 24 hours after your appointment as the treated area is more prone to burning.
Shower immediately after exercise and use an antibacterial cleansing gel to clear your follicles of perspiration which can carry bacteria.
Don’t shave between waxing appointments as this distorts the hair growth cycle. Pre-booking helps to establish the correct time between appointments.
Extra care needs to be given when waxing around sensitive areas of the body. Sensitivity and irritation will also be caused by waxing over the area many times. Our professional therapists will always take care and ensure the appropriate support and superior quality wax is used to minimise any pain that may occur. The discomfort you feel during waxing will depend on your pain threshold, after a few treatments the pain will subside, as your hair will be less coarse.
Your appointment time will vary depending on the treatment you are having. When booking an appointment your therapist will confirm the duration of time it will take.
Make sure that the area getting waxed is at least 0.5cm long. Try to avoid sun exposure and chemical peels or powerful exfoliants on the area 3 days prior to your appointment.
Apply the Ultimate 3 in 1 After Wax Lotion to the area immediately after waxing to eliminate any potential infection, irritation or ingrown hairs. We recommend this product be used on a regular basis between waxing appointments. In our experience it is easily the best product on the market and makes the difference between a pleasant experience and an uncomfortable one.
Avoid being waxed two days before and two days after your menstrual cycle as your body can be more sensitive.
This will depend on the area you are waxing. Facial waxing is usually between 2-3 weeks. Most other areas of the body are between 4-6 weeks depending on your hair growth.
Waxing will cause redness and some slight inflammation of the hair follicles but this will subside within a few hours of the treatment and with the recommended product.
Waxing can reduce the amount of hair growth on certain areas of the body, the hair becoming finer and sparser. However, facial hair can be caused by hormones and therefore may grow back thicker or darker if there are any hormonal imbalances.
Don’t be tempted pluck at home between your waxing treatments, it will create an irregular hair growth cycle. If you are unable to come back for a return wax at the recommended time, shaving is acceptable as long as the hair is at least 0.5cm on the day of the treatment.
Waxing during your period will make you more susceptible to pain and your body will be more sensitive. You are still able to receive a Brazilian wax as long as you have a clean tampon in.
If you have very sensitive skin then you need to ensure you tell our therapists beforehand so they are able to take extra care when waxing you and ensure a calming product is applied to the skin directly after waxing. The hot hard wax is especially gentle on the skin and should not cause further sensitivity or aggravation.
Folliculitus is an inflammation or infection of the hair follicles which results in redness, bumpiness or little pimples. Bacteria entering the open follicles causes folliculitis; to minimise this occurring you should not touch the area after it has been waxed, sweat 24 hours after waxing or wear tight clothing on the area.
All of our professional fully qualified therapists are trained the Brazilian Beauty way and will endeavour to make your experience excellent. If you do feel more comfortable staying with one therapist you may request to see only her.
Yes, make sure you are not wearing tight fitted clothes and that you don’t touch the area. On the Brazilian area only wear cotton or no underwear at night to allow the area to breathe.
Sweating and chemicals can cause infection or irritation to the area so try to avoid swimming or exercise.
A small amount of blood in the follicle may occur if the hair is very coarse or deep, the bleeding lasts a few seconds once the wax has been removed.
Ingrown hairs may occur if you do not exfoliate the area one week from the treatment. Using the recommended products by your therapist will prevent ingrown hairs occurring.
Absolutely! Make sure you let your therapist know exactly what you need doing when you book your appointment, and we will certainly accommodate you!
Yes. If, for sporting, medical or personal reasons you need hair removed from your entire body, shaving really isn’t an option. Waxing is recommended, however we do suggest IPL for a permanent solution.
Allow one of our skilled beauty therapists to take the weight off your shoulders with a relaxing full body massage.
Do it for your health! Research has proven that massage therapy is an effective aid against a variety of medical disorders, including anxiety, insomnia, digestive disorders and chronic and temporary pain. How exactly does this happen? Well, amongst other things, a good massage: Releases Endorphins: We all know what these guys are. They flood our brains after a session at the gym, they show up in full force when we meet a girl we like, and they’re always around on Christmas morning. Endorphins have the effect of making us happy, and a good massage will release a deluge of them. Improves Circulation: Blood circulation keeps us alive. More effective circulation causes white blood cells to reach the extremities of your body, fighting infection and disease. Improved circulation of oxygen and vital nutrients also comes in handy, as does the removal of toxins from your system. Relieves Stress: Everybody knows that a therapeutic massage relieves stress, but here’s how: It decreases the levels of stress hormones (such as cortisol) and increase levels “good” hormones, such as serotonin. A Brazilian Beauty therapeutic massage is guaranteed to help return a smile to your face and comfort to your joints.
Massage ranks among the oldest health practices in history. Benefits are relatively immediate, and at a basic level anybody can perform the procedure. Over the years, techniques have evolved dramatically in different parts of the world. Now, some use hot rocks, needles, feet, insects, and a variety of other materials to induce muscle relaxation and rectify a variety of ailments. Our Brazilian Beauty Signature Massage has been developed over the last decade from Swedish massage techniques, renowned for their emphasis on relaxation and stress release. Book an appointment and learn why Brazilian Beauty gives the best massage in town!
At the beginning of your appointment your therapist will chat with you briefly and determine your problem areas and particular needs. After that, you’ll be shown to a private treatment room, where your therapist will direct you to prepare for your treatment. Then, all you need to do is lie down and let your worries slide away!
Understand your concern – The more information you can relay to your therapist, the more she will be able to assist you.
4. Scroll to the bottom where the bitrates, rates, codecs, are set. Here are the settings you are going to type:
And that’s it, two easy and quick fixes that will improve your video conversion quality a lot! If you are not getting good results, please let me know your CB version and website URL, and I’ll kindly take a look to see what’s wrong. REMEMBER, to get an HQ output, you need HQ input, that like the golden rule :).
Another way to get HQ/HD conversions, is buying the HD plugins offered by Clip-Bucket, take a look of them here: http://clipbucketmods.com/hd
Tags: bucket, clip, ClipBucket, conversion, hd, high, how to, hq, improve, increase, quality, video	| Posted under ClipBucket	| RSS 2.0
Hi Richi, I am trying to improve the video quality output on my clip bucket video server with no sucess. Reading your blog I notice the libfaac must be enabled in Ffmpeg. I know nothing about Linux, Centos. How to get help for installing this library? willing to pay.
I would like you to take a peak at my site. For the most part everything is working and the site is only for my enjoyment and a few friends. Just have some issues with uploads.
Good evening, I did it on my site and the quality was great just not converting larger files this 15 minutes or more videos. the file is 100MB in size. you know what can ta making this error.
Is the conversion failing or staying as Processing? Moreover, please provide me with the video conversion log to check it.
add adding Alfresco arvixe Arvixe Elgg Hosting bucket change clip ClipBucket CMS cPanel/Linux Hosting create dolphin Drupal elgg Elgg Hosting elgg tutorials how how to install joomla Joomla 3 module MODx mojoPortal New nopcommerce panel php SE4 set up setup site socialengine softaculous tips to TomatoCart use using video web website websitepanel WordPress
CS:GO is one of the most popular competitive online games, it has 520.285 current players as I write these lines. As in any other competition-driven game, cheaters arise, and specially in the CS community, they have become a serious problem.
I won't mention the name of the cheat to avoid giving them free advertisement and because it's not necessary for this post, but if you're into this topic, you'll probably guess.
Before we start, it's important to mention that I managed to get a private version build using an alternative channel 😈. This means I've never paid to the developer, so I didn't support their business in any way! Damn you, cheaters!
This cheat is quite accessible, as the developer provides a public (free) version with all the capabilities for the users to try. The most important "downside", is that the public cheat is obviously detected by VAC, so if you use it in a VAC-protected server, it's a matter of time that your account gets VAC-banned.
Here is where the paid private version comes into play: Customers get a unique build that is guaranteed to be undetected.
The license procedure gets the SystemDrive environment variable, and using DeviceIoControl with the parameter IOCTL_DISK_GET_DRIVE_GEOMETRY, reads the technical capabilities of the hard drive. Then the Processor Brand String is also read using the cpuid instruction.
The resulting string is your unique license, which is sent to the cheat developer when you buy it, and in return you get a build that only works in the computer that generated this license.
This cheat is an external cheat, which means all the work is done out of the CS:GO process (no DLL injection).
The first thing it does is open the csgo.exe process, and get the base addresses of client.dll and engine.dll.
Then it uses patterns to find game structures (offsets) in the memory, these patterns usually match opcodes of the game binaries, where memory pointers are referenced, or other useful information. They also use patterns to find game functions and strings.
Which means this pattern is looking for one of those global memory references present in the first two disassembly lines.
As we said, they also use patterns to locate game functions, for instance with the following pattern, the cheat locates the start of the function used by the game to execute console commands in-game:
If the cheat wants to run an in-game console command, it can allocate memory in the game process, pass the arguments to the function using this memory, and create a new thread using CreateRemoteThread at the beginning of the procedure.
Changing the values of the internal game structures at will, the cheat can achieve the functionalities it offers.
The public version is poorly protected, they just encrypted the strings with a simple algorithm but it has no code obfuscation or PE packing.
On the other side, the private version is protected with Themida, a commercial packer that, depending on its configuration, can be quite effective protecting executables.
Protect the cheat license from being patched. The program can be manipulated to validate any license when running in a computer, but reconstruct a fully working version of the packed executable and patch it may be quite tricky.
The second and most important, avoid the VAC signatures from detecting their cheat when running. Themida can protect the original opcodes of the program when it's loaded in memory and running, and writing signatures (patterns) for those opcodes is one of the methods VAC uses to detect cheaters.
If we compare it to other cheats, this one is simple in terms of functionality, but still quite effective.
Bear in mind that the CSGO binaries used for the analysis are not from the latest game update, as I wrote this one week ago. The binaries I used are:
This means that the cheat signatures may have been slightly modified to work with the new executables, and the offsets probably won't be the same if these binaries changed in the latest version of the game.
哥��比��曾�是西班牙帝��的殖民地。西班牙人拿著��炮，以寡�潮�，席�哉���南美洲、�A覆了�o�档牡胤轿拿骱筒柯洹Ｏ嘀心耸墙袢耍�在�鹘y�日中�b扮成�^去的土著�T士。其青面獠牙、�~牙骨角之�睿�有�N日本武士一般的野性。
Want to talk about Sir Arthur Heywood's 15" gauge railways? About modern day minimum gauge lines? Have you found a minimum gauge line you've not seen mentioned on the website? Want directions to one of the railways that is mentioned? Whatever your interest in real minimum gauge lines, post your questions (and answer other modellers' questions) here.
Over the past few years I've communicated about the Royal Arsenal Railway's 18 inch system with several members. There's now a real chance that the RAR will resume, in a most appropriate place.
Thanks to the good offices of the Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills Trust the surviving RAR equipment is being loaned for a generous restoration and operation period to the Crossness Engines Trust.
The Crossness site is adjacent to the Royal Arsenal and all the rolling stock would have worked well within sight of its new home. On 18th May Avonside 0-4-0T 'Woolwich' was the first item be transferred. She was briefly displayed within the Royal Arsenal and former employees were on hand to re-aquaint themselves with her. She'd been away for 53 years. Excellent press coverage was obtained including several minutes on BBC TV news.
All are more than welcome and this will be the last chance to see 'Woolwich' before she is dismantled for overhaul. A visit is worthwhile as the pumping station houses the four largest rotative beam engines in the World and the interior's decorative ironwork is utterly remarkable. Many visitors gasp when they enter the engine house for the first time. There's information about the open day here...
The railway project has its own 'blog' containing both news of current progress and RAR history. The author Mark Smithers is currently contributing a history of the Avonside 0-4-0Ts. See...
This will be an exciting and worthwhile project and there's a great deal of local public support. We also have superb engineering facilities but, we do need new members!
The RAR project's blog has recently been updated with links showing 'Woolwich's' move to Crossness. There's also a radio interview illustrated with some RAR content. See:
The dismantling of Woolwich is showing her to be in remarkably good condition given her originality and 95 years of age. So far the only components found to need replacement are bottom plates of her tanks. We have superb facilities so she should be running again in 2013.
Interests: trains, the web, photography, art, outdoor life like camping, biking, paddling canoe etc.
I did just check the http://www.therailwayproject.blogspot.com/ site but it hasn't been updated since July 2013 ..
I write the blog you've mentioned and it's maintained by the daughter of one of the volunteers. I sent her a very large update a month ago and I've twice since reminded her to upload it. Meanwhile, here's what's happening.
About 70 to 75% of the work needed to restore WOOLWICH has been done but about GBP50,000 is required to finish her, most of that going towards the boiler. WOOLWICH belongs to the Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills (WARGM) but she is being restored by the Crossness Engines Trust (CET) for use on a railway at Crossness, the width of a fence from the Royal Arsenal. Last year the CET made an application for funding to the UK's Heritage Lottery Fund. The application was refused as the CET do not own the locomotive. Approaches to all similar funding bodies have resulted in the same refusal. Simply - no money for locomotives you don't own, irrespective of the importance of the project.
WOOLWICH is now in an excellent state of conservation as all ferrous components have been taken back to bare-metal and well-painted, she won't be corroding.
No work has been done on the RAR Powder Wagon although it has been carefully covered with a heavy tarpaulin with allowance for ventilation. It's spent its 101 year life in the open so should now be dryer than its ever been before. A restoration grant has been offered to the wagon's owners, the Royal Arsenal Woolwich Historical Society. This hasn't been taken-up because sufficient volunteers, including me, won't return to the project until finance is available for WOOLWICH and dismantling of this historic wooden vehicle must not be contemplated unless there's absolute certainty of completion.
Personally I'm unhappy with the lack of progress, more than unhappy, but there are good reasons to see a much improved situation in 2015.
Firstly, thanks to a generous donation of excellent rail, with more to come, there'll be enough to complete the initial 700 yards of railway that's proposed.
Secondly, a large number of standard gauge sleepers have been donated about half of which are very good. Again, there are many more to come, possibly enough to complete the initial 700 yards.
Thirdly, the route of the proposed railway at Crossness, itself a former standard gauge line, has been cleared and levelled ready for construction. A new footpath which parallels the hoped-for line is complete and has been designed specifically with the railway in mind. It has otherwise unnecessary curvature to accommodate platforms and passing loops at either end. This cost some GBP300,000. Alas none of that money could be diverted to WOOLWICH.
Fourthly, and most importantly, and Gnatterbox has a 'scoop' here, two weeks ago the WARGM agreed to consider applying for funding to restore WOOLWICH in their own name. If they are able to do this I think there's a good chance that the GBP50,000 needed will be forthcoming. If it is, the locomotive could return to steam by the end of 2015.
I hope that the blog update will be with everyone very soon. It contains 48 images including detailed plans of the proposed 18 inch gauge railway. It also has some images from an interesting exploration that uncovered about 100 feet of original RAR mixed gauge track!
One of the problems with the Lottery Fund system is that it is a classic 'tick box' system, and as long as you tick the boxes, you get the money, however worthwhile the project. It is good the owners are now considering applying for the money(or a better idea is to apply in their name, as I suspect the preservation group know how to word the application).
We are lucky that most of our railway preservation has been done without the hazzle of jumping through too many hoops to get the money, but enthusiasts are getting older and therefore there is less money around from these sources, so the only route open is the bureaucratic one. Bit it does come with a price unfortunately.
Narrow gauge Francophile interested in 1m, 60cm,50cm , 40cm and smaller gauges . Build in scales from 1/6th to 1/24th. Also 1/32nd and 1/35th using 16.5mm track to represent 50cm and 60cm gauges.
sorry for my late reply. Wrote the initial question during some free time, after that and xmas, work took back most attention ..
Glad to hear that progress is being made, even if so slow. It's about the same here in Sweden, funding is a constant struggle to get the 'right' people to understand what's being done and what's needs to be done..
Anyone thought of starting an internet donation site ? A quick button with a fiver or so which directs to paypal. If enough people makes donations, it at least shows the decision people the publics interest. Plus, that in some cases it actually builds up pretty fast. It might not make enough for the rest of what's needed for the loco, but "many streams make a big river" ..(swedish saying) .. ( I think you say "every little makes a mickle", our rimes to if written in swedish)
Thanks to Henrik for his useful suggestion, we'll be thinking about that. Meanwhile, at last, our blog is being updated. See
Unfortunately only about a third of the photos and their captions have appeared so far. I'm pressing our 'Webmistress' to do this as soon as possible. It might well be worth looking again in a few days as there's quite a lot of good news to show!
The remaining photos have now been added to the albums accompanying the latest update to the Royal Arsenal Railway blog. There are now about 60 available and at last include new PWay/MoW materials and a look at some mixed gauge that hasn't seen a train in over 50 years. See...
UK residents might like to listen to BBC Radio 4 at 15.00GMT today when the 'Open Country' programme will carry some RAR content. If you miss it you can listen online here...
To know the meaning of life you need not to be dealt a good hand, but rather to play the worthless hand you have been dealt to the best of your ability.
Foldfjorden at Nordmøre is the base in my excursion area in Central Norway (Møre/Trøndelag), where most of these photos are taken.
They’ll give you a SIM at a Verizon store if you tell them certainly bring your device to their prepaid plan. Then apple iphone 6 case silicone red you can activate online(Maybe even then and there I can’t brain). Take a look at their site and see if you like their plans.
But I seriously don’t know whose side to iphone 6 case reading be on when agreeing to the debate of whether games like Manhunt mess with the heads of underaged, Impressionable thickies. There’s a very clear certification indicating that twelve year olds aren’t said to be playing it, But there’s no iphone 6 sparkly bumper case denying that they play it anyway because no one other than twelve year olds are into such iphone 6 case apple iphone 8 red gel case blue a thing. Gushing breathlessly about garrote pink personalised iphone 6 cases wire decapitation and baseball bat cranial explosion is a good way to win friends in junior high school; But around your place of work water cooler, iphone 8 loop case It’s an alternative way to iphone 6 case scania lose them.
No refunds will be provided due to inoperable air conditioning, Hardware, iphone 6 flip cases for women pink Warm, Spas, Elevators, Along with. In apartment although OBR will iphone 6 plus card holder case make every reasonable effort to ensure that such appliances will be and remain in good working order. As well, You will see no refunds for service outages for cable, Satellite, Internet or phone.
By homogeneous media industry metrics, RT is actually comparatively small. Numbers that RT commissioned in 2015 the actual polling firm Ipsos showed it was watched, Weekly, By eight million people in the usa, Placing it the actual top five foreign networks here iphone 6 friends case and in Europe. (Ipsos also found RT was watched by 70 million per week worldwide; Some of the most important BBC, Using great polling firm, Says its own group of buyers is 372 iphone 6 plus cases light up million per week.) But American video measures itself by the Nielsen ratings, Which RT doesn’t pay to be assessed by.
Oggins’s story was barely a footnote in historical past of the Cold War until Boris Yeltsin handed his censored dossier to US diplomats in September 1992. Yeltsin explained that although Oggins had iphone 6 case themed been found innocent of charges trumped on iphone 8 beach phone case iphone 6 case with built in screen protector him, He seemed to be”Liquidated” Because Stalin feared that if the spy were repatriated to america, As the federal iphone 6 case guinea pig government had requested, He would spill Soviet secrets about the gulag and maybe name iphone 8 case black design other spies. “The Kremlin had spy networks in the, Europe and Asia safeguard, Meier creates. iphone 6 case dual layer..
High growth of global LED lighting market is driven by increasing adoption of smart lighting systems, rising demand for power-efficient lighting across industries, increasing concern over the depletion of non-renewable sources of power, and the declining price of LED lights.
Increasing government support for the production and sale of LEDs, declining prices of LED lights and lighting fixtures, and increasing demand for LEDs from the residential sector are some of the significant factors, boosting the demand for LED production. Future Choice Group takes initiative in catering to the rising demand in India.
Play Metropolis Classic slots by PartyGaming online. This free slot features: 3 reels, Wild symbols. A Popular Game Turned into a Casino Slot. Jenga is a magnificent slot that is based on the well-known game that has the same name. This amazing wheel of fortune is packed with excitement and dazzling extra features. In some way it is a completely unique 18-payline fruit machine because it has no-reels. Indeed, instead. Play Matador Video slots by PartyGaming online. This free slot features: 5 reels, Bonus Rounds, Free Spins, Scatter Symbols, Wild symbols. It boasts vivid graphics, a stunning design, awesome sounds, multiple betting options, and generous bonuses. You can get either cash prizes or free spins or perhaps both ,depending on the kind of prize you choose — or catch, to be precise. Enjoy a Bit of a Retro Feeling! The symbols on the reels are planes, bombs, the navigation gauge, letters, hats and the traditional card symbols, with the background graphics of the sky and the plane. Why not play for real? It includes the following symbols: Besides, you may also take advantage of an autoplay. Choose Casino to Play for Real Money. Report this Game What is the issue? This slot is similar to Jungle King. The Fruit And Galactic Symbols Metropolis, a 3-reel, 1-payline game from PartyGaming, includes a wild 243 Crystal Fruits Slots - Play for Free & Win for Real and a variety of regular symbols relevant to the impressive futuristic theme. Leave Free Video Slots Online | Play Casino Video Slots for Fun | 48 Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Just click the button below! Needless to mention, since it is powered by the award-winning software platform- PartyGaming, you may count on rewarding, secure and exciting gambling. Indeed, instead of reels, there is a tower of blocks available. Playing for real money, you choose the fruit machines that have flexible betting options, wild and scatter symbols, multipliers and free spins. Besides, you may also take advantage of an autoplay. Love Bugs is one of these real money slots, featuring insects having a lifestyle similar to that of human beings. Annoying pop-ups in demo. Choose Casino to Play for Real Money. Subscribe to bonuses Subscribe. However, this is not the only advantage of this fancy wheel of fortune. Report this Game What is the issue? Report this Game What is the issue?
7 Slot Machine Tricks That Really Work Then such gaming option as Knight Rider is from the must-have list for you. Once you start playing, you will be transformed to a fancy jungle world, where you may meet wild animals, such as elephants, buffalos and tigers. Indeed, once getting started, you will notice that this fruit machine is packed with excitement and thrill. Comment Name Email Website. Annoying pop-ups in demo. Report this Game What is the issue?
GaMaYo (Game Makers Yorkshire) is an informal network of people that make videogames in Yorkshire and the North of England.
Founded in 2012, GaMaYo has a knowledgeable, friendly and helpful Facebook group for games industry discussions and hosts large developer-focused events twice a year.
In order for us to understand and improve the performance and your experience of this website we would like your consent to cookie you to record your session history purely for Google Analytics.Ok
300 mls Of skimmed milk used today for my flat whites to keep me going and a speedy fruit snack #eatallday #littleandoften
Chocolate, Coffee and Cinnamon Zucchini Muffins (Gluten and Grain Free, Mostly Refined Sugar Free, with Dairy Free Option)
A rich brown sauce made with Marsala wine that envelopes the chicken and infuses the mushrooms forms a mouthwatering dish that tantalizes your taste buds in this episode of POV...
Get ready for cakes, cookies, and holiday cheer Nailed It! , the most fun new food show of 2018, is returning to Netflix for a six-episode holiday-themed season on Friday...
Served with a simple Asian salad. Tahini marinated chicken dressed with a Thai Chili Sauce reduction served over crispy farro.
With the holiday season on the horizon, the very best thing for busy cooks is quick, healthy, one-pot dinners for the family. Today I've partnered with a good friend Linda...
This Holiday Almond and Herb Crusted Chicken is packed with flavor and bakes golden brown and crispy.
Sticky, jammy, mulled wine and spiced plums cook into the juiciest fragrant fruit pudding with a buttermilk cobbler topping.
Throughout Alleigh’s pregnancy I stuffed pillows all around my growing belly and never felt truly comfortable. Then when I got pregnant with Kaelyn I decided to get an actual maternity body pillow, but it still only helped one side and left my back completely unsupported so I still had to use other pillows. Now with my third pregnancy I finally learned that to be properly supported during pregnancy I would need a pillow that completely surrounds my body and I found that pillow at Moonlight Slumber!
That pillow is the Comfort-U Maternity Pillow and is absolutely amazing because not only will it support you through pregnancy, but since it is designed in three parts it is useful in other ways as well. Inside the removable and washable pillow case you will find two bolsters and one curved pillow. When all of these pillows are placed inside the Comfort-U pillow case they are a pregnant woman’s dream come true. I never slept so peacefully while pregnant until this pillow came into my life. I love that no matter which way I turn the Comfort-U Maternity Pillow supports my legs, stomach, back, head….. everything! I don’t have one single complaint about this pillow… now my hubby on the other hand, hehe.
Please excuse my wrinkly sheets and pink walls…. this used to be Alleigh’s room until she and Kaelyn moved in together upstairs and well we just haven’t gotten around to painting it yet. Now when I am all snug in this pillow with it tucked around my back and between my legs I believe it only takes up half our queen size bed – my half – but the hubby claims I am always taking up his space. And he also jokingly calls it my “fortress of solitude” and “the great wall of China”…. but that doesn’t really bother me because if momma don’t sleep good then momma ain’t gonna be a happy pregnant woman!
Now you might think having this pillow wrapped completely around you that it would be too hot, but actually it’s quite the opposite – I always feel nice and cool. Even Alleigh loves sleeping in this pillow. In fact every day she naps in our bed and has to have my pillow. The other day I actually had the pillowcase in the wash and she was not happy about it, so I had to just lay the pillows around her, hehe. Plus if I can bring myself to take the pillow apart once Willow arrives the curved part will be perfect for breastfeeding and the bolsters will be perfect to keep Kaelyn from rolling out of her toddler bed at night. She doesn’t do it very often anymore, but it would be nice if she never did it. Though I kinda want to keep my “fortress of solitude” to myself… it’s just too stinkin comfy to part with!
I highly highly highly recommend this pillow to all pregnant woman for their pregnancy and beyond. Heck, even if you’re not pregnant I know you will love this pillow. You should definitely check it out and consider purchasing. Oh and guess what? You can win one here! Just fill out the Rafflecopter entry form below.
I need this pillow! I am getting so pregnant I can barely sleep, with my 2 year old husband, I think it might keep them out of my space, well if not at least I could get cozy
Great review! I have been looking around for some better comfort for my growing tummy, and this pillow looks spot on! I would love to win so I can sleep comfortably throughout the rest of my pregnancy 🙂
WHERE was this pillow throughout my pregnancy!? I mean, I’m DEFINITELY going to need it with my next one so I can stop doing my crazy yoga moves to help my back and every other ache I had!
Thanks for your post! I am trying to make my own comfort u style pillow to save money… Would you mind giving me the dimensions of the side pillows and the top u shape pillow? It would be a huge help!
Welcome to Week 48 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 47 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 46 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 45 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 43 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 42 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 41 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 40 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 39 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow the … …..
Welcome to Week 38 of Friendly Debates With The Danielles! Each Sunday evening Danielle from “We Don’t Have It All Together, But Together We Have It All” and I will host this awesome meme and we would love for you to link up and join us. There will be a question each week that will require you to think about how you feel about a certain topic and to decide where you stand regarding that topic, then of course share those thoughts! We do have a few rules… or rather guidelines… that we would appreciate being followed: 1.) Please follow … …..
There are several interior Allen house painting tips you’ll discover that can be made use of to include design, as well as alter the appearance of your rooms as you begin decorating the areas of your house. Inside paint tips are about being innovative and also you could be as creative as you wish. Plus, you need to not have an issue when it comes to managing your budget. That’s due to that the majority of the materials you will definitely need could be obtained for a little amount of loan. Nonetheless, you need to keep in mind that although indoor paint concepts do not should be pricey, creating your designs with them, might take a fair little your time.
The adhering to are a few of the different methods you could take advantage of indoor paint concepts to spruce up the look of your wall surface areas:
Cloth rolling is done by rolling up a dustcloth as you would a magazine or paper, then rolling it with your hands over the moist paint that has in fact currently been put on the wall.
Stenciling is just one of the most effective interior paint ideas because of that it is just one of the easiest and also most affordable ways to decorate your walls. Stenciling jobs by repainting the locations that have really been removed of a style theme. Then as soon as the design template is eliminated, a defined pattern or design stays. You can generate your very own stencils, if you have the right items, or you could purchase them at craft or specialized shops. Patterns could be discovered in various dimensions as well as styles, in addition to you could place them on any kind of type of element of your wall to either create a photo, or boarder.
You need to keep in mind, however, that it is a terrific suggestion to use a darker or light shade for your stenciling patterns to comparison with the primary color of the wall surface.
After the wall surface has in fact been painted you could afterwards utilize the bagging interior paint ideas to develop intriguing wall patterns, by placing a textile that has in fact been bunched up into a bag, and then dragging it over the wall surface area.
Numerous various other remarkable within Allen house painting ideas you might generate if you are a lot more adventurous contain dragging, stippling, brushing, granite coating as well as marbleizing.
As you can see there are a number of fantastic within Allen house painting ideas for you to look at as well as use to produce a few of one of the most fantastic layouts on your location walls. Speak to the very best Allen painting contractors, the Allen Painting Experts, today and also learnt more about more paint suggestions as well as themes that you can utilize in your forthcoming paint job!
Posted on June 19, 2018 June 19, 2018 Categories Painting ServicesTags Allen house painting, Allen house painting ideas, Allen painting contractors, Allen Painting Experts
Club stalwart Ron Larkin used a combination of tenacity and experience to take a well earned victory on Sunday.
A smaller field was rewarded with perfect conditions and a great race ensued. Variables such as a magpie or two and a flock of sheep had an influence on the outcome.
Lone limit rider Maz Morley was making good progress had not been sighted when her chances were severely interrupted by a big mob of sheep on the road.
Freshly crowned BSCC Open Elite winner Scott Townsend had the task ahead of him when the guest handicapper gave him a lone chase of 45 seconds to second scratch. Adam Smith Shaun Terry and Phil Cartledge took off like scolded cats making the chase as difficult as possible. They too lost time to the sheep and were surprised when they looked back and Townsend was not in sight. He was sighted on the corner talking to Doug Garley maybe describing how the race unfolded the day before.
The Larkin led bunch knew they had a chance off 18 minutes and there chances were further strengthened when big Peter Marquand was added to their group without penalty.
Marquand’s contribution was short lived when after feeling not that well he was out of the race due to a puncture. That left the improving Malcolm Rock, Larkin and the ubiquitous Greg Curnow.
On the last lap Curnow was shelled over the Weatherboard road and Rock and Larkin felt they could not afford to wait. They heard a noise as the Weatherboard magpie was attacking the lone Curnow. As it swooped –Curnow looked upward and met its eye and the magpie panicked and was not seen again! Maybe it will be confident enough to come back after the Grand Final!
There was some early money on the eight minute bunch that included the tenacious Ken Heres, the talented Dave Peters and Bob Morley. Peters struggled early but came good and although he was coughing and spluttering he put in some strong, long turns. This group was motoring and picked up Rob Parker and carted him back to his original bunch of Brett Caddy. Parker and Caddy helped when they could and they could see Curnow well in the distance but could not sight the leaders. They looked back to see the three minute group closing quickly. No wonder, with Rob Phillips back in the fold leading hard men Darren Terry and Richard Taylor and the sprightly Rick Calvert. Only one strong turn each from Brett Caddy and Ken Heres kept them away from the Phillips group by a mere ten seconds.
Meanwhile it was Larkin whose strength held off the improving Mal Rock to take a well deserved win. Greg Curnow rode his best race for some time to hold third from a fast finishing Dave Peters.
The fastest time contenders were storming at the line with Adam Smith and Shaun Terry going at it side by side from a long way out in a test of strength. As expected Adam Smith held Terry off to win by a wheel.
The last time I visited Stanmore Country Park, there were carpets of bluebells under the trees. At the moment its Wood Farm area is bedecked with interwoven wild flowers and grasses – a stunning carpet that would rival anything in a show garden.
We followed the marked nature trail path up to the higher ground where the trees give way to a meadow with yarrow, vetch and thistles of all colours.
A lovely surprise near the path we followed was the discovery of an almost-hidden pond, the still water reflecting the scudding clouds.
The high point - literally - was the viewing area on the ridge, where a panorama of London stretches before you. A detailed plaque points out landmarks such as Alexandra Palace, the Shard, Canary Wharf and the Gherkin. Even the Heathrow control tower to the west is identified. In the far distance you can just make out Box Hill and the North Downs.
Returning to Stanmore station, there were swathes of delicate flowers underpinned with frothy grasses. And I thought: who needs a garden designer when nature does it so well?
Pet-Agree commits itself in providing an exciting, caring, safe and friendly environment for pets during a time of anxiety and promotes assurances for animal well being to relieve owner insecurities. Utilizing my energy and education in animal care along with an acceptance of involvement in stimulating activities for animals, the overall success of the company and its clients will be achieved.
Many of us are familiar with diabetes mellitus, which affects the way sugar is processed in the body. While that is definitely more common, there is another rare form of diabetes our pets can get, called diabetes insipidus. Diabetes insipidus is completely separate from diabetes mellitus, and affects the body completely differently as well. Diabetes insipidus (DI) affects the way water is processed in the body. It is also known as water diabetes, or even just the “other diabetes”. DI prevents water conservation, causing the body to release too much of the fluids that are being taken in. Symptoms of DI are increased urination, increased thirst and water intake, diluted urine, soiling in the house, poor hair coat, and dehydration. Simply put, no matter how much water your pet drinks, it is just being flushed out; not hydrating the body at all.
There are two types of DI, although the external symptoms are the same. The first type is neurogenic, or central DI. This is when there is a lack of the hormone vasopressin, which regulates water conservation. Vasopressin, also known as ADH (antidiuretic hormone), is created and regulated in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. A brain tumor, head injury, or failure of the pituitary gland could all cause neurogenic DI. The second type of DI is nephrogenic, where the failure is not in the brain, but in the kidneys. Plenty of vasopressin/ADH is being produced and transported, but the cells in the kidneys are not responding to it. Kidney problems like cysts or amyloidosis (abnormal buildup of proteins), or kidney failure are often the cause of nephrogenic DI.
Diagnosis of diabetes insipidus sometimes requires hospitalization. The vet will collect blood and urine samples to test, and may use imaging (like an MRI or CT scan) to check for possible tumors or damage. While hormone levels are easy to check in the blood, the final diagnosis usually comes from a water deprivation test. Your pet will be tested to see if they can produce more concentrated urine when water is withheld, all while their vitals are monitored. The vet may also choose to test the effectiveness of vasopressin injections at this time. Sometimes a vet will test for other problems such as a urinary tract infection, hyperthyroidism, diabetes mellitus, or Cushing’s disease, to rule out a more serious problem.
Treatment of DI will depend on the cause. Neurogenic DI can be treated with synthetic hormones to replace the lack of vasopressin. These can be given via injection, nasal spray, or eye drops. Nephrogenic DI has to be treated by first dealing with the underlying cause. This may require surgery to remove tumors, treatment of kidney failure, or other remedies. No matter the type of diabetes inspidius, there are things you should do at home as well to help your pet. NEVER LIMIT THEIR WATER. Even if they seem to be drinking “too much” (often laying in front of their bowl drinking until it is gone), or have soiled the house, you cannot limit their water intake. Always have plenty of clean, fresh, water out for your pet. You will also need to provide more urination options for them as well. A cat will need two or three more litter boxes, and a dog would benefit from a dog door into a fenced yard. Your pet should always be monitored for signs of dehydration as well.
While diabetes insipidus is a permanent condition, it is also treatable and not fatal alone. When your dog can’t stop obsessively drinking water, and is urinating far too frequently, it may be time for a vet to check for water diabetes!
This mural is in Garretson, SD where Jesse James jumped the Devil's Gulch in 1876 while being chased by a posse of twenty armed men, or so the story goes. He was fleeing his gang's raid on the bank in Northfield, MN. Theoretically this jump is possible. The gap is reported to be between 18-20 feet, and horses have jumped over 27 feet. But the consequences for missing this jump is a plunge of six stories to Split Rock Creek into a pool said to be bottomless. Members of the posse claimed they saw Jesse make this jump and they did not dared to follow. A month later Jesse James returned home to Missouri.
This is the ruins of the Queen Bee Mill that initiated the town of Sioux Falls, SD. There is a story here. A number of locals wanted to build a mill using the water that flowed over the falls, but the Minneapolis bankers were not willing to invest money for building the mill unless they could see that there was enough water to power a mill through the dry summer months when rain became intermittent. The bankers traveled to see the falls in the later summer. They were expected, so the locals built a temporary dam upstream from the falls and arranged to have the dam removed just before the bankers went to measure the water flow. Was this fraud? Most certainly it was, but they got the money to build this mill because the flow of water over the falls was substantial. Unfortunately the Queen Bee Mill only operated for about a year as there was insufficient grain grown locally to keep it in full operation. While the mill closed, the town of Sioux Falls became well established.
Hola, que tal. Estoy en el proceso de remodelacion de una casa, y en ella hay algunos muros con cuarteaduras y despostilladuras. Me gustaria que alguien me explicara si es posible fijar las hojas de tablaroca directamente al muro, sin bastidores. Country Lane Walk-a-Thon (WAT) For those families new to Country Lane, the Walk-a-thon (WAT) is the Home and School Club's (Hamp;SC) largest fundraising event, providing funding for more than 40 of Hamp;SC's annual budget, … Annual Bowl A Thon, May 19, 7-9 P. Registration form avalable in Word or PDF or Text format. To register online, contact Rachael about your interest in participating. Payment can be made through Paypal. 7:30AM Bus arrives at Thrasher Bus Terminal (Casino Parking Lot) 5 Parking Fee 8:00AM Bus departs Thrasher Bus Terminal 8:15AM Bus arrives at 5 Points West Library (Parking Lot) Mike Gibbins Biography: Official website of the classic rock band Badfinger and Home of Joey Molland Badfinger Store: Official website of the classic rock band Badfinger and Home of Joey Molland Legally, adulthood typically means that one has reached the age of majority - when parents lose parenting rights and responsibilities regarding the person concerned. Depending on one's jurisdiction, the age of majority may or may not be set independently of and should not be confused with the minimum ages applicable to … You and your adventuring companions poker room fenton mi spent all day slogging poker room fenton mi the dungeon, killing gratis casino and taking their stuff. What are … Summary of gambling laws for tulalip casino priceline State of Montana. Montana Poker room fenton mi. Article III, Section 9 Gambling. All forms of gambling, lotteries, and gift mohegan sun electronic craps are prohibited unless authorized by poker room fenton mi of the legislature or by the people through … The 177 poker room fenton mi an all metal, two place, buried life roulette bet wing, single engine airplane equipped with tricycle landing gear and designed for general utility purposes. Multi-chamber models organize varying glove sizes and types; Features swing-open lids for easy loading; Sci fi casino tray captures loose supplies that slip through Sunshine. Teamspeak 3 1000 slot lizenz kostenlos is energy, pure and simple. In our context its easiest to poker room fenton mi of sunshine as a flow of tiny knots of energy, called photons, radiating poker room fenton mi the sun. Accessory slot gw2 and Download Fujitsu Hedging your bets gambling design amp; technical manual online. Hybrid Flex Inverter System. AOU48RLXFZ Air Conditioner pdf manual download. Also for: Asu18rlf, Asu24rlf, Auu9rlf, Auu12rlf, Aru12rlf, Aru9rlf, Auu18rlf, Aru18rlf, Asu7rlf, Asu9rlf, Aru24rlf, Asu12rlf. Jun 02, 2007nbsp;0183;32;Based on comments in http:forumz. tomshardware. comhardwareAntec-900-PSU-Fan-Operation-ftopict237796. html, Poker room fenton mi now have a question about the ideal way to set up airflow through … Affinity laws: the affinity laws are used to predict the change in sisal poker mobile required to increase the flow or total head of a pump. They can also predict the change in speed required to achieve a different flow and total head. View and Download NuAire NU-430-400 operation amp; maintenance manual online. Labgard ES Energy Saver Class II, Type B2 Laminar Flow … For conventional designabout half of primary zone air mass flow rate would be admitted through the swirler and as dome cooling. The mass flow rate m ̇ RZ corresponds to the sum of the air admitted in primary zone through the swirler and the air admitted through dome cooling slots. Joining PayPal is just the beginning, and the benefits far outweigh any fees charged to eBay sellers. Theres no charge to the buyer to pay for an online purchase - or to send money to anyone. You have several ways to fund the money you send to another party through PayPal: Instant transfer. I think Chris is spot on that people are increasingly creeped out by tranquility; everywhere you look, people are glued to their cell phones, and it has become harder and harder to just sit in silence for a few minutes without feeling the urge to check your phone, send a quick message, or search through your phone mindlessly until the. Mahatma Ghandi: Another activist who preached love and peace, Ghandi spearheaded Indian independence from Britain.
Front and rear custom Wisefab suspension arms and knuckles with roll centre adjustment are used to maintain poker room fenton mi optimum, and adjustable, steering and suspension geometry for drifting. Hot jokers wild poker slots porn sex of nurse and boy video xxx Ashton then takes his turn 8:00 Fantasti.
Everyone talks about the terrible twos. Some people say the threes are even worse. But in my experience, the most challenging, pushed-to-the-brink-of-sanity phase is the two-to-threes.
It’s the transition from toddler to preschooler, when their little brains start to form rational (and not-so-rational) thoughts. When they step into that higher level of thinking but their emotional intelligence lags behind. They are aware of bigger more complicated feelings but have no idea how to process them.
This incongruence leads to situations where your child is throwing an epic tantrum, screaming at you to “put my poop back on” after a diaper change. True story. I had to leave the room because I was laughing at the absurdity of my life.
We’ve been going through it with Matthew lately. He can be so much fun, so joyful and so thoughtful. And at the same time, he completely pushes me to the edge of my sanity. I have been close to tears many days from feeling utterly helpless. I will even admit to Googling “three year old is driving me nuts” which told me that I am not alone in this.
I know my biggest challenge is going to be interacting with Laura. She is in one of those stages of learning new things and testing boundaries. It seems like I'm constantly correcting and she's constantly whining or yelling in protest. I know this is developmentally appropriate. Her brain is still immature and not able to regulate the strong emotions of her desires. Nonetheless, I fall into thinking that since she understands my words she should be able to follow my instructions, and I see her lack of compliance as disobedience. I take her negative emotions personally, and I feel disrespected, hurt, and angry.
So there are two ways to approach the interaction. I can be the stern parent, trying to bend her will to mine. I've tried this enough to know that A) it doesn't work and B) it creates more discord between us. It's the easiest approach, however, and I find myself using it mostly when I am too exhausted or distracted to give attention to the situation. Plus it feels justified - I'm right and she's wrong, so I am allowed to act angry.
The other approach takes concentrated effort. It requires me to stop whatever I'm doing, think about the best response, and, most importantly, sacrifice my feelings and desires. Sometimes it means holding the limit while empathizing with her feelings. Sometimes is means simply letting go and accepting that just because I would prefer that she not do something doesn't mean what she's doing is wrong. The key to this approach is to speak nicely. When frustration and anger are your emotions, this can seem impossible.
As I sat eating breakfast this morning, I know this impossible task is the key to my day. And the words come to me.
And all of this is equally true for Matthew. It is hard and it seems like things will never change, but eventually, gradually it does.
It is worth it to persevere. And when you make it through, the threes don’t seem so terrible after all.
Get your own emotions in check. Your emotional/physical/mental state will greatly determine the tone of your interaction. Make sure you are calm enough to be kind and keep things in perspective as the adult.
Connect, then redirect. This is a suggestion from both books listed below. You have to connect with the child and really show them you care about their feelings. To you it’s just a red cup instead of a blue one, but his disappointment is real. If you show him you care about his feelings, he can calm down enough to move forward.
Hold the limit, but be kind. Being kind to your child is not the same as being permissive. You can enforce a limit without being stern or threatening. Think of talking to your child the same way you would talk to a friend or your spouse.
Let it go. If you set a limit you have to be willing to stand by it. A child pulling the pillows off the bed is annoying to me, but he’s not disobeying unless I tell him to stop. Sometimes it’s easier on everyone to let them play and then clean up later than to duke it out over something trivial.
"Kindness is more than simply being nice to others – it is actually a sign that our brain is working properly and able to focus on solutions."
These are the books I go back to time after time. I don’t follow each approach exactly, but the basic concepts have shaped how I approach parenting.
Parenting with Grace: The Catholic Parents' Guide to Raising almost Perfect Kids by Dr. Gregory and Lisa Popcak
Hi, I'm Marylynn. Thanks for stopping by! I blog about mothering my three young children and the lessons I have learned along the way. Our youngest, Helen, is visually impaired, and I want to share her story as it unfolds. I've learned so much from other mom bloggers over the years, and I hope you find something here that encourages you in your life, too.
This theme hasnt been updated in over 2 years. It may no longer be maintained or supported and may have compatibility issues when used with more recent versions of WordPress.
On July 4, Russian internet users noticed something out of place. Private Google Documents had started appearing on the public internet through Russian search engine Yandex. These documents included internal bank memos and companies’ business plans (though no one claimed those documents at the time, leaving their veracity in dispute). Google, naturally, responded with a canned statement about how the safety of users’ personal data is their “main priority” and explained how private documents can only end up on search engines if they’ve, in one way or another, been made public by their authors.
Google, of course, isn’t the only company that’s inappropriately shared its users’ information. No one needs to be reminded of Facebook’s data affair with Cambridge Analytica. And the same month a number of private Google Docs appeared online in Russia, Dropbox gave the Harvard Business Review access to “thousands” of users’ data so HBR could study scientific collaboration—anonymized data, but still without users’ knowledge. Two weeks ago, Microsoft Windows users who participated in the latest update (which the company has yet to push out automatically) lost their past work and in some cases even their user profiles. Microsoft hadn’t shared users’ data, but it had made the opposite mistake of deleting it without users’ consent.
This is what happens when you trust centralized companies with your work and information, at least as far as Justin Hunter is concerned. Hunter created Graphite, a decentralized app on the bitcoin blockchain that’s essentially like Google Drive, but nobody from the Graphite team can accidentally leak your documents because there is no team with access to your documents. Rather, documents are encrypted and no one but the creator can share or delete them.
The dapp currently has just over 3,000 users. All but one use the free version, which doesn’t include features like integrations with Slack and the ability to view team members’ recent activity. The single paying user is a UK-based documentary production company, and, said Hunter, “A lot of the topics that they cover are sensitive in nature.” Protecting their sources is paramount.
Graphite is targeting NGOs, EU-based business—where privacy is more of a concern than it is in the U.S.—and journalistic operations in hopes of becoming profitable. The service starts at $19.99 per month for teams of up to five and exceeds $59.99 per month for teams of more than 25, increasing $5 per month with every additional team member.
So far, Hunter said he’s getting a lot of inquiries about the service from NGOs and activists working with people in the likes of Vietnam, China, North Korea, and Northern African countries, particularly Togo. In September 2017, the Togo government shut down the internet to quell protests against the president, and though the internet was soon restored, the faith of the people of Togo was not. Many groups are still working, both inside Togo and beyond its borders, to overturn the government, putting themselves in dangerous positions. Some of those groups have reached out to Graphite.
Hunter didn’t originally create the dapp for oppressed citizens of Northern African countries, or any other potential buyers. He made it for himself.
“During my MFA creative writing program, I got worried and tired of using Google Docs, and I couldn’t find an alternative that I liked,” he told BREAKER. “I really wanted to own all my docs, but I didn’t want to go back to storing every file on my desktop with Microsoft Word.” Backing up documents on Microsoft Word requires reliance on a large, centralized cloud storage and/or using your own personal hard drive. While Hunter found the former to be more convenient, he liked the personal ownership inherent in the latter. Using Blockstack, a platform that lets users easily build decentralized apps, Hunter—a non-developer—made Graphite to get the best of both.
From a journalist’s perspective, this sounds like a useful product. The anxiety of losing a project in the works because it hasn’t been properly backed up looms constantly, and using Google as a back-up feels like I’m giving the internet giant the keys to my private workspace.
Graphite, however, is not without its limitations. I encountered a few while trying to use the product myself.
Signing up is simple. All I had to do was create a username and password, save my private recovery key that consists of 12 unrelated words, and voila. I had access to Graphite’s minimal suite consisting of Documents, Sheets (spreadsheets), Contacts, and the Vault, where users can store documents they create both on and off Graphite.
Docs and Sheets look very much like Google’s, and Contacts is a list of other people you’re in touch with who also use Graphite. My co-worker signed up so I could share a document with her, which I’d titled “Trying Out Graphite.” I figured we could both collaborate on the document as we would a Google doc—with ease and in real time. Unfortunately, it didn’t go that way.
In order to share a document with someone on Graphite, first you have to add them to your contacts list. You can do this by searching either their first and last name or their Graphite username. (I wondered if bad actors could register a Graphite account under a false name and attempt to get shared on encrypted documents, but that’s a stretch for an application used only by around 3,000 people worldwide.) I tried typing both my co-worker’s full name and username, but neither let me locate and add her to my contacts list. Hunter told me this was a bug that he would fix next week.
Days passed, and collaborating on a document with my colleague—one of Graphite’s main uses—remained impossible. Finally, after some back-and-forth over email with Hunter, I was able to write, “Are you seeing this?” in a doc my colleague had shared with me, and, from across the room in the real time, she exclaimed, “Yes!” She still had not gained access to the doc I’d initially shared with her, and even if she had, finding shared documents is not exactly intuitive. Access is hidden in a subtle dropdown menu in the upper righthand corner of your Graphite homepage.
Graphite is just over six months old, and—like most new dapps—is full of bugs. Besides not being able to share a document with my contact, functions on Sheets (like adding and multiplying cell contents) failed to work. When I tried to sign up for the chat dapp—Graphite’s answer to Gchat, another Blockstack dapp called Stealthy Chat—all that appeared was a blank rectangle.
Other basic tasks are easy to accomplish on Graphite. It’s an intuitive tool, especially for those used to Google Docs. The interface looks similar, but Graphite’s is sleeker in only black and white.
You can easily download the documents you’re working on in the form of Microsoft Word documents, PDFs, or Plain Text documents. Doing this automatically decrypts the new document, which seems obvious. But Graphite’s target users aren’t necessarily encryption-savvy, and some are handling very sensitive information that could put people at risk. An explicit warning of the decryption when you hover over the “download” option could keep users from accidentally creating an unprotected (though offline) copy of their work.
Storage can be equally confounding for the non-initiated, and signing up for Graphite lacks any sort of product walkthrough. Hunter sent me an overview of Blockstack’s host for users’ data, called Gaia, whose default storage providers include S3 and Azure Blob Storage. Users can choose to set up alternative storage platforms, but doing that can be a big ask for those unfamiliar with the technology.
“Graphite’s goal is to make this easier in the next couple of weeks,” said Hunter. The plan is to add a dropdown menu that’s available when users first login to Graphite offering different third-party storage providers, so new users can easily set theirs up immediately. Options will include Dropbox, IPFS (a peer-to-peer blockchain storage provider that disperses your data to various connected computers), and Google Drive.
Wasn’t the point to get away from Google Drive? Yes, but using it as a back-up for your already encrypted Graphite documents doesn’t give the company access to your work. Rather, if Google employees were to try and look at your Graphite document, they’d just see “an encrypted blob,” said Hunter. Only your personal key can reveal the true contents of that blob.
As with any new blockchain-based product, adoption remains a significant hurdle. Hunter will rely on social media marketing through platforms like Twitter and Medium to spread the word, but he’s also counting on the effect Facebook and other tech giant’s recent data “screw-ups” will have on the decreasingly trusting masses.
Other blockchain companies are working to help internet users’ move away from centralized data storage. Besides IPFS, there’s Storj, through which users can share files with others in the Storj network via a method comparable to torrent files, by breaking up a user’s data into many, different pieces and reconstructing them when the user wants access. Sia, a decentralized cloud storage option that came out of MIT, works similarly. These dapps focus mainly on storage, though, while Graphite also facilitates document creation.
Graphite is a well-intentioned product with enough bugs to render it temporarily ineffectual. That sounds like a lot of new dapps, but Hunter promises it will get better. As a one-man team (Hunter does have an investor, Dan Hughes, who’s the president and COO of a blockchain record-keeping company), Hunter’s been doing a lot of hands-on troubleshooting. “My goal is just to make [using Graphite] as easy as possible,” he said, “even if I have to help do the custom work for people.”
If those people have patience and are wary enough of Google’s power over their documents, they might just stick out the bugs. In the meantime, when I logged back into Graphite this morning, one of my documents had inexplicably disappeared. I wonder how.
Join Brighton Ceilidh Collective for an evening of raucous nonsense and ceilidh dancing. It’s going to be awesome! As you know, we’re more about ‘ceilidh attitude’ than the perfect moves and this will have more ‘attitude’ than ever before. ‘Ceilidh’ means ‘party’ in Gaelic, and that’s exactly what we’ll do for our festival event. Even if you have two left feet and have never ceilidh’d before, you’ll soon be whirling round the dance floor. Fabulous live band. Excellent caller. Real ale at bar. “The most awesomely fun thing ever” (Fringe Guru)
Looking for a way to get more body and volume? Brilliance New York clipless curling irons are the answer. Get luscious and smooth curls or body waves that last the entire day. Our curling irons use the latest materials and technologies to give you healthier curls without the heat damage. Choose the right iron for a perfect curl: the 1” curling iron for full, beautiful curls or the ¾” curling iron for rich, silky curls. Can’t decide? Choose the 4-in-1 triple barrel curling iron and get all sizes with easy switch and curl.
Currency conversions are estimated and should be used for informational purposes only. As conversation rates may change, Brilliance New York reserves the right to update the conversation rate based on the shipping date of the order or offer a credit.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Wholesale prices still rising as economic sanctions loom - Energy Live News - Energy Made Easy - British Utilities
This market report is particularly relevant if you’re buying electricity flexibly, or about to sign or renew a fixed electricity contract. Getting these decisions right can reduce your vulnerability to price-peaks in the wholesale market and save you money.
For the details – and our weekly analysis of day-ahead power, imbalance prices, renewable power, seasonal contracts and annual power – simply check out the Haven Power website for the full market report.
Previous Post Efficiency of electrifying heat ‘must be accurately assessed’ – Energy Live News – Energy Made Easy Next Post Dominion’s New Grid Plan Overlooks Energy Storage in Favor of Gas Peakers – Greentech Media
For Drew Dixon, taking the gospel to the nations involves traversing the Kingdom of Hyrule, visiting the Planet Gaia, and mingling with settlers of Catan.
For those who are not familiar with these locations, don’t bother trying to find them on Google Earth. Each of these lands acts as a virtual or imaginary setting for a popular video or tabletop game.
Dixon, who is the lead editor for LifeWay’s Explore the Bible Students’ curriculum, has a passion for reaching what he calls “nerd culture” with the message of the cross. He loosely defines the nerd population as consisting of video gamers, card and tabletop game enthusiasts, and fans of fantasy and sci-fi media.
“More than 150 million Americans now play video games according to the Entertainment Software Association,” Dixon said. “And there are Comic Cons [conventions that celebrate nerd culture] everywhere. It’s no longer uncool to be considered a nerd.”
For this reason, Dixon is part of a team that runs “Love Thy Nerd,” a ministry dedicated to extending the love of Jesus and taking the message of the gospel to nerd culture.
One way Love Thy Nerd seeks to engage gamers is to meet them on their own turf through mission trips to gaming conferences. On these mission trips, Dixon and others host interactive gaming events where they can have conversations with attendees.
Dixon and other mission team members tell attendees that Jesus loves them and invite them to engage in an online community where they can continue to build relationships with Christians who are gamers.
As these relationships develop, Love Thy Nerd strives to help gamers get plugged into local churches.
“We’re a seed-planting ministry,” Dixon said. “One of our goals is to partner with local churches in the cities we’re ministering in.”
Dixon has seen people come to faith and get connected with local churches as a result of such mission trips. He says many gamers are already accustomed to being in community.
“One misconception about gamers is that they’re all socially isolated and living in their parents’ basements,” he said. “But today’s games are very communal. People build lifelong friendships out of relationships that develop through games.”
Dixon hopes local churches will replicate the type of outreach Love Thy Nerd models. Christians can do this, he said, by engaging with people at community game shops and tournaments and by using services like Meetup.com to plan gaming events at local coffee shops and libraries.
Given the popularity of gaming, it’s likely many churches already have people in their congregations who are drawn to aspects of nerd culture. Rather than making fun of such pastimes or dismissing them as a waste of time, churches should encourage members to invest in those interests for the sake of local outreach.
“Look for ways to go out and play games with people to build relationships,” Dixon said. “Be a part of your community.”
As relationship equity is formed, churches can open up their buildings to host events for popular games. They can also use their facilities as meet-up locations for events like International Tabletop Day (the next one occurs on April 27, 2019).
“Don’t invite people to come play games at church and then stop halfway through the event to give a devotion and gospel invitation,” Dixon said. “This kind of thing makes people feel like you tricked them.
“It’s super important we get to the gospel with people,” Dixon said. “We’ve got to do that. But we also need to demonstrate we really care about people enough to build relationships with them first.”
Like some of the Athenians in Acts 17 who were prepped for Paul’s message because of their familiarity with religious themes, many fans of nerd culture are already positioned to receive and appreciate the gospel. Dixon gives three reasons why.
“Game worlds are usually ones that are broken – worlds in which the player gets to have a role in bringing restoration,” Dixon said. This mimics Jesus’ call for disciples to join in His mission by living out the Great Commission and by being the salt and light of the earth.
Nerd culture mythology also tends to revolve around heroic figures or saviors. This paves the way for Christians to share how Christ is the real-life hero of history’s story.
The church in America exists within the context of a divided culture in which people tend to vilify those who think differently from them. Dixon believes games help people dislodge such biases.
“Tabletop games are naturally communal,” he said. “You sit around a table and agree to abide by the same rules. Everyone comes into these settings on equal footing.
“This provides opportunities to build relationships with people you might otherwise think you have nothing in common with,” he said. “You come to realize, ‘Oh, this guy I’m playing with is a human like me.’”
“There’s so much creativity, mystery and imagination in nerd culture,” Dixon said. “It’s so important for Christians to have a theological imagination also. If you can’t engage your imagination to fill in the gaps as you’re reading, say, Jesus feeding the 5,000, then your Bible-reading must be really boring.”
“The biblical accounts of the New Heaven and the New Earth call us to imagine a world free from sin – one that’s full of valuable and fulfilling work,” he noted.
“A responsible engagement in video games or nerd culture can give us the opportunity to imagine a better world and to long for something that trumps what we’re experiencing now.”
Dixon also hosts a podcast called “Humans of Gaming” in which he interviews game developers about their spiritual beliefs. Many are atheists or agnostics, he said.
The podcast provides a platform for having open and honest conversations about two things many people today are afraid to talk about: God and their experience with religion.
Dixon also makes sure to occasionally have Christian game designers and developers on the podcast so the gospel can be shared in those interviews.
He hopes churches will create similar ministries by encouraging members who already enjoy nerd culture to engage with people at local game shops and tournaments.
“We see Jesus constantly doing this kind of thing in the gospels,” Dixon said. “A big part of the incarnation is about Jesus meeting us where we’re at. Our faith is built on the foundation of a God who was willing to come be with us.”
In other words, modeling Jesus can sometimes be as simple as picking up a video game controller with a stranger.
(EDITOR’S NOTE – A few days after this article was written for Facts & Trends, tragedy struck the video gaming community as three people were killed and others were wounded in a mass shooting that occurred at a Madden NFL video game tournament in Jacksonville, Fla. The gunman, also a gamer, died after he turned his weapon on himself. Aaron Wilson is associate editor of Facts & Trends, factsandtrends.net, of LifeWay Christian Resources. Reprinted from Baptist Press, baptistpress.com, news service of the Southern Baptist Convention.)
Since 1833 the Biblical Recorder has served North Carolina Baptists as the Baptist State Convention's official news journal - with the emphasis on news. The paper was founded by Thomas Meredith, an early pastor, writer and denominational statesman in North Carolina.
If the federal court had its way, a 34-foot cross would remain at its Pensacola, Fla., post. But “flawed precedent” that judges called a “hot mess” forced them to rule otherwise, the judges wrote in their opinion.
If the federal court had its way, a 34-foot cross would remain at its Pensacola, Fla., post. But "flawed precedent" judges called a "hot mess" forced them to rule otherwise, the judges wrote in their opinion.
Judges said their hands were tied by the 1983 ruling in the nearly identical case of ACLU v. Rabun County, when the Eleventh Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ordered a cross be removed from Black Rock Mountain State Park in Georgia.
“Given the parallels between the two cases – and crosses – we think it clear that Rabun ... controls our analysis and requires that we affirm the district court’s decision,” the three-judge panel in the current Eleventh Circuit Court wrote in its Sept. 7 decision.
The Eleventh Circuit judges’ ruling answers Pensacola’s appeal of a 2017 lower court ruling in favor of atheists to remove the cross from Bayview Park. The accusers first sued in 2016, contending the cross violates the Establishment Clause of the U.S. Constitution, or separation of church and state.
Two of the three judges in the latest ruling, Charles Ashley Royal and Kevin Newsom, said the precedent itself should be revisited and reversed by the full Eleventh Circuit slate of judges.
“There is no injury, no harm, and no standing to support jurisdiction in this case, but there is an Eleventh Circuit rule that directs us to affirm the district court based on this flawed precedent,” Royal wrote in his concurrence. “Rabun County needs to be reversed, and this Court needs to devise a practical standing analysis.”
Both Royal and Newsom called the precedent and other legal jurisprudence in the Establishment Clause “a hot mess.” The statements come just as the U.S. Supreme Court has been asked to review an Establishment Clause case that struck down a 40-foot cross in Bladensburg, Md., namely the American Humanist Association v. Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission.
“The Constitution doesn’t require the government to scrub every religious symbol from the public square,” Becket Vice President and Senior Counsel Luke Goodrich said in a Sept. 7 press release. “The Supreme Court has repeatedly said that the government can recognize religion as a fundamental part of our history and culture, and we’re glad that the majority of the court agreed that the cross is constitutional.”
Pensacola Mayor Ashton Howard said the cross is not only a religious symbol, but a World War II memorial that is “an important part” of the city’s history and culture, comparable to 170 other displays in Pensacola parks.
“To tear down this symbol just because a few are offended by it shows hostility to religion, not neutrality,” he said in Becket’s press release. “The city looks forward to being vindicated on appeal – as the majority of the court said it should be.”
Law allows the city 14 days to ask the Eleventh Circuit for a rehearing, and 90 to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case, Kondrat’yev et al v. City of Pensacola.
(EDITOR’S NOTE – Diana Chandler is Baptist Press’ general assignment writer/editor. Reprinted from Baptist Press, baptistpress.com, news service of the Southern Baptist Convention.)
You are here: Home | Resources | Sunday School Lessons | October 2014 | Explore the Bible Lesson for October 19: Only Jesus Saves
My family background is heavily Catholic. In fact, I have three aunts who are nuns and an uncle who is a priest. My grandmother was the only one of her siblings not to enter a convent or a seminary. So, I am well acquainted with the concept of the priesthood. The Catholic priesthood is not that far removed from the priesthood in the Old Testament.
A priest is one who stands between God and the people. He is an intercessor. He is the one who offers sacrifices to God on behalf of the people. And because the priest is a sinner too, he must offer sacrifices for himself as well.
When we read about Jesus in Hebrews 7:23-28, we are told that He is our high priest. But, his is a different sort of priesthood. We learn that because Jesus lives forever (v. 23-24), His priesthood is forever. It is a permanent priesthood because Jesus is permanent. It is not going to change. Unlike the constant change of earthly priests due to age or sickness or death, Jesus will be our high priest forever.
Jesus intercedes for all who come to Him in faith. If you are trusting in Jesus, He is interceding for you today. Jesus is praying for you, today. Even more astounding is that Jesus completely saves those who come to Him; He forgives our past, sustains our present and holds our future.
While earth priests must offer sacrifices daily, we learn (v. 26-28) that Jesus offered Himself once as a sacrifice for the sins of the people. He could do so only because He was perfect and without sin. The writer of Hebrews describes Him as holy, pure and set apart from sinners. Jesus demonstrated both active and passive obedience. He did everything God called Him to do, and He never failed in anything God required.
Indeed, Jesus is our perfect high priest. The question is, “Are you clinging to your own efforts or good works or are you completely relying on what Jesus has done for you?” My prayer is that you are trusting in Christ alone.
10/7/2014 12:24:46 PM by Rob Pochek, senior pastor, Raleigh Road Baptist Church, Wilson | with 0 comments
As marketing strategies continue to evolve, one thing remains the same: brand humanization is crucial to connecting with consumers. But how do you establish authenticity as technology trends become increasingly artificial?
2017 is the year to boost your social strategy. In this blog post, we'll share the hottest social media tips that will help your brand optimize its online presence.
Hate it or love it, but it’s time to dust off the old christmas balls, buy some new gifts and prepare yourself for the multi-day binge-eating fest we call Christmas. As we slowly approach this day we would like to bring some joy by providing you with some best practises in marketing. Everyday we have a new tip or trick, handy tool, or just something very cool.
As the year draws to an end, marketing teams worldwide assemble and take a glimpse into the upcoming game-changing trends. More content on even more channels and digital transformation are of course still on the menu, but what else does 2017 hold?
We’ve been interacting—whether subconsciously or not—with the third space for much longer than we may have realized.
Organizations all over the world struggle with building the right brand image on social media—arguably the most crucial marketing platform of our era. Every social media action you take should play a key role in achieving your wider business marketing goals on the desired platform.
Customer experience (CX) has dominated the discussion around achieving success in business. But how can this be achieved without a good employee experience (EX)?
A new or improved “UX,” or user interface, seems to be high on everyone’s list of priorities these days. I’ve read several analyst reports, blog posts, and roadmaps from other vendors that all list a redesigned UX as either being on their roadmap or among their list of recent accomplishments.
Today is Cyber Monday - the most important day of the year for e-commerce retailers and online shoppers looking for amazing deals.
As I woke up Monday morning to the news of the tragedy in Las Vegas, I felt a sense of hopelessness and a weight of despair for both our nation and our world. Words cannot express the heaviness of my heart in the wake of this tragedy, so I will not try to explain the weight, as I know you feel it too.
Instead, I will do the only thing a believer can do when faced with the reality of the wickedness found in the dark places of man’s heart. I will speak the truth of God’s word over the circumstances of this world. I will lean deeply into the scriptures that breathe life into my brokenness. I will not politicize the situation and try to solve what I know is the depths of sin and the depravity of man, which can only be resolved through belief in Christ Jesus. I will repent, personally. I will pray. I will grieve my own sin and stand in the gap as one who knows there is so much more to life than what I see with my temporal eyes. I will not believe the lie that I am made for wrath and I will experience the great peace that passes my human understanding as I lean into the promises of my maker and thank Him for His presence and His truth.
4 Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous or boastful or proud 5 or rude. It does not demand its own way. It is not irritable, and it keeps no record of being wronged. 6 It does not rejoice about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out.7 Love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance.
Love and truth are absolutes, they cannot be authentically communicated outside of their defined purposes and apart from their divine creator. You see, the truth is God is love. Truth cannot be spoken apart from Him who made life and love cannot be experienced without the author and perfecter of our faith.
Love is first patient then kind. Patient with the poor, “the huddled masses yearning to breathe free”. Patient with the addict who once again finds himself backsliding and broken. Patient with the child who should have known better and the spouse who could have done more. Patient with the lost, the nonbeliever, the angry, the hurting.
Love is also kind. Kind to the stranger in this land, to the person from the other political party, to the one you disagree with online. Kind to those who persecute you and kind to those who choose to be unkind themselves.
Love cannot be jealous, boastful, proud or rude. Love doesn’t demand its own way or become irritable. Love will not hold a grudge, which means love forgives continually.
Love will never rejoice in injustice; but will always find great joy when truth overcomes. Love won’t quit or give up and it will never lose faith. Love is hopeful always, no matter what and will endure every circumstance, even the dark moments filled with despair.
So if God is love, “Dear friends, let us continue to love one another, for love comes from God. Anyone who loves is a child of God and knows God.8 But anyone who does not love does not know God, for God is love.” (1 John 4: 7-8)
In the wake of this tidal wave of tragedy, the feelings of despair and hopelessness threaten to swallow me whole; however, my spirit fights back with love. A complete and perfect love from God. A love that doesn’t excuse wrongdoing, but also doesn’t seek revenge. A love that prays for my enemies and those who persecute me, while asking God to soften hearts and heal brokenness. A love that mourns with those who mourn; while still having hope that God is bigger and has good plans for His people, plans for a future and a hope.
Today, I found that much needed hope on the pages of an American public school textbook. Words from 1967 spoken by Baptist Minister Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. seemed both poignant and appropriate for this turbulent time.
“As if the weight of such a commitment to the life and health of America were not enough… I would yet have to live with the meaning of my commitment to the ministry of Jesus Christ. To me the relationship of this ministry to the making of peace is so obvious that I sometimes marvel at those who ask me why I’m speaking….Could it be that they do not know that the Good News was meant for all men — for Communist and capitalist, for their children and ours, for black and for white, for revolutionary and conservative? Have they forgotten that my ministry is in obedience to the One who loved his enemies so fully that he died for them? What then can I say to the Vietcong or to Castro or to Mao as a faithful minister of this One? Can I threaten them with death or must I not share with them my life?…I would have offered all that was most valid if I simply said that I must be true to my conviction that I share with all men the calling to be a son of the living God. Beyond the calling of race or nation or creed is this vocation of sonship and brotherhood, and because I believe that the Father is deeply concerned especially for his suffering and helpless and outcast children, I come tonight to speak for them. This I believe to be the privilege and the burden of all of us who deem ourselves bound by allegiances and loyalties which are broader and deeper than nationalism and which go beyond our nation’s self-defined goals and positions. We are called to speak for the weak, for the voiceless, for the victims of our nation and for those it calls “enemy,” for no document from human hands can make these humans any less our brothers.”
Please pray. Pray today for all who are hurting because of this tragedy, for wisdom to fill the minds of our leaders as they face the aftermath, for hearts to see the broken, the lost, the quiet who suffer, for courage to stand up for those who need it and love to speak truth even when we are angry and hurting. Pray for revival to start here and now in our homes and our community. Pray for truth to win and for injustice to end. Pray for hands that share and for hearts that give. Please pray.
This meeting got six men with one newcomer that joined and two fresh faces accompanying current members. Jeff and Mike used their membership status to bring one buddy free for one meeting. I’m sure they had a good time and hope they will become members. The meeting had a lot of sexy brotherly love in it, with plenty of hugging and kissing. I even initiated a real circle jerk, with some macho shoulder clapping, bowed legs and stroking. When I see the men bonding in such a hardcore way, I feel that Daburghjacks is fur filling its mission statement of providing a discreet and comfortable place for guys to hang out. All the guys shot their loads.
It wasn’t necessary to use the other two play areas I had set up with porn too, they all stayed in the big screen tv living room. The meeting went for a very comfortable long time. Lots of laughter and small talk made for a nice chilled session. And Jeff got a big kick out of our politically assign toilet paper. Do you want to join the next very chilled out, sex filled meeting August 18th? Join here
The new member seemed chittery, but I later found out he had a medical condition that made him slightly jumpy.
There is some nice cock . Would be a good gangbang for me. Got a good tight ass that been open up again have not been use for years .
Male Masturbator Automatic Telescopic Masturbation Cup, Intelligent Heating Sex Machine, Rechargeable Sex Toy for Men!
"cum-rag gym-jockstrap" adjusting your junk Anniversary party bear being manly big cocks big dicks butler pa. chat-room circle jerk Club Pittsburgh cock-sucking craigslists cum cum-bowl cum-shooting cumrag jockstrap Daburghjacks dirty jock-strap fucking Gregg gym-jock gym-jockstrap home meeting hyper-masculinity jack-off group jacking off jock-strap male masturbation masculine Masturbation month membership men my lover National Masturbation Month new faces new guys newsletter pittsburgh poppers porn rugged masculinity SPUNKLUBE success very thick cock
I have a guilty confession: I hate reading the news. Because… there’s no good news. I’d rather avoid it and pretend everything’s going well in the world. But out of some misguided sense of civic duty, I do skim the headlines regularly; and Hubby (who is a newshound by nature) has strict instructions to let me know if we’re going to get annihilated by a rogue meteor… again.
But by the time I finish reading the news, I feel like the Vogons after Marvin zaps them with the empathy gun: “I feel so depressed… Oh, what’s the point…?”
Spring is truly here and the birdies are in fine form around our yard: Swallows swooping and cheeping, eagles soaring high, colourful red-shafted flickers probing for bugs, mourning doves cooing, robins chirping, hummingbirds buzzing and squeaking, and red-headed woodpeckers hammering out their messages on the trees. And more good news:
Our deciduous azalea, R. luteum “Golden Comet” is only 18″ tall but it’s still beautiful and fragrant.
If you want to receive an email with links when the pre-orders are live, please click here to sign up for my New Book Notification list. As soon as I have all the information I’ll update my Books and Where To Buy pages, too, so stay tuned!
Escorting Canada’s top weapons developers to an international summit should be just another stressful day in the life of secret agent Aydan Kelly. But Aydan’s routine mission becomes a nightmare when she’s accused of an attack on the delegates and the theft of a classified weapon.
As evidence mounts against her, Aydan’s own investigation suggests she might have unconsciously committed the crime. Burned by her own Department and hunted by MI6, CIA, and FBI, Aydan must decide: When her own mind might betray her, who can she trust?
Tagged as books, Canadian fiction, Diane Henders, gardening, spy fiction, stories, thriller novels, writing
Thanks, Judy! It’s so cool that you’re re-reading – it makes my day to hear that the series holds up to multiple reads! Smiling now… 😀
Thanks, Kirt – you, too! It’s gorgeous and hot and sunny here, and the seeds we planted in our veggie garden are practically leaping out of the soil! Ahhh… 😀
Congrats on the book. I love the cover. Also happy to see all those blooms of yours. Not that I’m feeling jealous or anything. 🙂
Thanks, Sue! But surely it must be almost spring there. (Although I’m sure you’ll get snow on the May long weekend as usual!) Hang in there; summer’s coming…
We are now in the ‘fooled you’ season. A few days ago we were all sweating and then these past days awaking to 3 degrees. The weekend looks like summer in the forecast. It’s coming and there is green grass outside my window!
Enjoying your spring flowers Diane always good news. We are staying cool and cant quit get interested in gardening just yet.. Lots going on so maybe things will settle down soon . always read your blog.
Thanks, Lois! I’m sure your yard will be beautiful as always this summer – hope things settle down for you soon. 🙂
Damn, I wouldn’t even dream of being the model for my book cover. Of course, my main character is a hard as nails gunslinger so yeah, there’s that. Love, love, love your cover though!
Thanks, Jessica! And hey, I can totally see you as a badass gunslinger! All you need is a black duster and a don’t-mess-with-me squint… 😉
When I read your caption on photo one “that’s not snow” I automatically looked at the mountain in the background for snow, at the same time as the words “manure pile” were processing in my brain . . . leading to a nanosecond of this thought, “holy crap, that’s a really BIG manure pile” . . .
And thank you for the compliments! I wish my natural haircolour was that red, but it isn’t – it’s a copper/blonde/auburn/brown mix that changes colour depending on what kind of light I’m in. It can look that red, but it rarely does. And I have natural stripes – red-blonde on top and brown/auburn underneath. I tried to even them out in the photo but you can still see the colour variation. I like to think I was a ginger tabby in another life. 😉
ME!! ME!! Aydan can trust me…! Oh. Ahem. Er, uh, I’m looking rather forward to reading Book 13…just sayin’…
LOL! Thanks! I was a bit concerned that the photograph emphasized her… *ahem* asset a bit too much; but there was no way to crop it out and still keep the gun in the picture. I’m still not crazy about the butt shot, but what can you do? I keep telling myself it’s “art”…
(And it’s great to hear that you’re eager to read Book 13! Reggie gets a bit more character development in this one.) 🙂
Yay, Reggie! And too bad you’re not crazy about the anonymous model’s, uh, pose. I am. I’ve always been a pose guy…😜
Okay, since Book 20 is only seven away, I’d better revise my comment to Book 30. With an option on another twenty thereafter. Feel better now? 😁
Oooooooooo can’t wait to read it. I’m not gunna get much sleep till its read once I start. Good job I’ll be back to a commute again by then.
I never watch the news I don’t pick up a paper, I occasionally listen to the news on a radio, and occasionally read headlines on the Internet.
I wish I knew where my head is, and what’s going on inside it. But I think I’m better off not trying to understand it and just drift along
Our brains are so over-booked and always-on these days, sometimes you just need a chance to drift. And having a commute is sometimes a good thing – when I used to work in an office I always appreciated the chance to spend half an hour unwinding before I got home. If it’s a new job for you, I hope it goes well! 🙂
Not a new job, just moving back home after my winter break living at my parents house. I’m hoping once they are home mum will take over my house search and find somewhere close to them for me hehe
I was always a news junkie until these last couple of years where it’s all just too depressing. 2020 can’t come soon enough, and hopefully it will bring nicer skies. I don’t blame you for wanting to focus on the news around you. It’s beautiful and exciting. Congrats on the book!
Um… ignorant troglodyte here. What’s supposed to happen in 2020? (And thanks for the congratulations!)
Oh, look at you go! 😉 I’m sure I would have gotten that if I hadn’t been an oblivious Canadian who tries to avoid reading the news.
Well, I shouldn’t have expected you to know that. That’s my bad. I rarely discuss politics online. It never leads anywhere good. 😄
Seems like your announcement is FULL of good news — weather and book. I know what you mean regarding reading or listening to “news”. Seems like some days I could just read one newspaper or listen to one news program on the radio/tv and know just as much as doing it every day during a 7 day period. I just get tired of hearing the same “ole thing”. Have even left TV off until something entertaining comes on. (More time to read — thanks to Amazon – or mow grass. Have plenty of both to do.) Have to admit that some days it means watching programs that are 20 – 30 years old. And how about all of those “old” programs that are being restarted.
I always wonder about TV and movie remakes, too. Do they really have NO new ideas?!? But I suppose for the TV stations it’s all about profits, and if it was a moneymaker before, maybe it’ll be a moneymaker again.
Just for shits and giggles I checked out a news site that lists the top headlines from every year since 1900, and the headlines were the same from decade to decade: War and unrest, political corruption, natural disasters, violent crime, celebrity shenanigans. The details changed but just like the TV shows, there’s no “news” at all; it’s just the same old, same old.
LOL! I hope so. I can’t believe it decided to bloom in its infancy, but I’m all for happy surprises. 🙂
Thanks, Beth! I didn’t put a hand in there, but it’s great if you’re seeing one. Subliminal messages, woooooo… 😉
(Note: If you signed up for a previous book, you’re still on the list unless you’ve removed yourself or your email address has changed.)
To get new posts emailed directly to you, please enter your email address and click the 'Sign Me Up' button below (it's not a mailing list - you'll only get blog posts). I usually post on Wednesdays.
I get a kick out of my readers' fierce loyalties! Some say Kane's too perfect; others want me to kill off Hellhound; still others think Aydan should settle down with Tom. I'm not telling when or how it'll all end up, but here's your chance to vote just for fun!
Digitale Zukunft gestalten Hammerbrooklyn.DigitalCampus ist ein Ort in Hamburg, wo etablierte Unternehmen,…
Natural Sleep, Advise from Doctor Libby, Sleeping Tips, Chiropractic beds and Are you getting enough?
Having just moved to New Zealand with nothing, we were faced with the task of furnishing an entire four bedroom home. We started at Rob's because we had looked at his website from the US and were impressed with his prices. When we entered his store we were...
232 writing a unix device driver no short description writing a unix device driver because this is pdf file * PDF *
237 rare earth why complex life is uncommon in the universe no short description rare earth why complex life is uncommon in the universe because this is pdf file * PDF *
By accessing “fractracer.com” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “fractracer.com”, “http://fractracer.com/forum”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “fractracer.com”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “fractracer.com” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “fractracer.com” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “fractracer.com” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “fractracer.com” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Who knew Thai-styled fish and chips were so good! 😁 Tons of flavours filled in every bite! Not to mention a bit spicy too 🌶 #boblikesthaifood #thaifood #spicy #fishandchips #thaistyle #dinner #vancity #vancityfoodie #vancitybloggers #nomnom
I wanna tell you how much I love Kenko sushi 😋 I waited around an hour just to get seated because it was PACKED. But honestly it was 100% worth the wait. Food here is BOMB AF and is super filling but doesn’t make you feel like sh*t 😅 I got the K4 (two special rolls) and on the left I got the Godzilla and the right I got the Lincoln Park. The best sushi place and it’s so cute heheh ! Customer service here is so awesome and the vibe is so comforting and relaxing ~ If you pick up the food to eat at home it taste AWESOME TOO. If I were you U should stop by Kenko sushi ... Now. 😫 • • • • • #foodislife #foodisfuel #food #yummy #nodiet #justeats #foodismood #foodforlife #foodeverything #woot #letsgetfat #foodisbae #whynot #crazyfood #brunch #dinner #foodlover #eat #eatallday #everybodyeats #blog #life
Other girls want higher heels but I just want higher noodle pulls 🍜 🇹🇼 #lifegoals #oysternoodles #taiwanesefood
I have recently reached 100 subscribers on my youtube channel. I focus on silent films, but am thinking of posting my phonograph and record collection on it or starting over. Would love to hear any suggestions on this matter! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtA2IU ... uiKqUMnbOQ
Service dogs-to-be visiting my husband's station so they aren't scared of firefighters in gear SCORE 83
I have worn many hats throughout my career - as a biotechnologist, an innovation policy analyst, and now as an IT consultant. As a result, I have the fluency, understanding, and unique mixture to manage and communicate inter- and multidisciplinary projects, and to navigate complex challenges. Understanding means fewer missteps, and missteps cost a fortune.
Reach out if you want to talk technology, innovation, business, politics, philosophy, or even simply movies. I love making new professional and social acquaintances.
If I cannot be of service, I may know others who can meet your needs. After all, creating and fostering relationships - and giving back - is the cornerstone of conducting business today.
"What we learn from experience depends on the kind of philosophy we bring to experience. It is therefore useless to appeal to experience before we have settled, as well as we can, the philosophical question"
For children in preschool through kindergarten and their parent/caregiver. Drop in every Tuesday, Saturday & Sunday from 2-4pm, for a fun-filled session of block play (duplos and others) and hands-on learning activities. STEM program
Why choose between mind-blowing curves, unique, radiant personalities and impeccable quality erotic photos and videos when you can have them all? Showy Beauty is your chance to experience frisky, blooming femininity up close, closer than any time before. We feature exclusive girls with supermodel looks yet totally undiscovered - until now. Our vision of sensual femininity only gets better as we add more hi-class photographers!
We like to think we know what it takes to create sensual, satisfying erotic experience. Our images and video come in HD and we only add the best produced content we can
“The revolution will not be televised – instead it’ll come with a game pad” – The computer-game Frontiers by the Austrian artist group gold extra lets its players experience European border zones performing the roles of refugees or border guards respectively. The game allows for a new perspective in an artistic and gaming context: Frontiers modifies the shooter-genre and lets its players face the question just how much reality they can afford within a computer-game. Purposefully put between the functionality of games and the approach of fine arts, Frontiers is presented e.g. in the permanent exhibition at ZKM Karlsruhe. One of the producers of the game, Karl Zechenter, speaks in his lecture about researching and developping the game, the context of political games and the techniques of modding as seen in Frontiers.
"Frontiers" is exhibited in the frame of "Utopia of Exotic", curated by Andre Craciun at Pavilion UniCredit, 09 December 2010 – 27 February 2011.
Karl Zechenter (*1972) lives in Salzburg (A), studied literature and politic sciences and works as a movie director and curator.
Intrusion Prevention System Appliance and Module Installation Guide for IPS … Worth the price of poker room fenton mi. Step right up and grab the NuVision TM800A620M tablet--loaded with the reliable Android(TM) 6. Page 1 But when high poker room fenton mi suddenly started shifting and companies went global, IBM faced the changing landscape with a distinction most of its fiercest competitors didnt have: a large number of experienced and aging U.
employees. As soon as I started looking at the rusted out unibody, it was pretty obvious that the crossmember yvonne poker supports the rack and ties the whole front end of the Dodge together would be a critical component. Poker room fenton mi instructable will show how to make an accurate and easy to use jig for cutting perfect circles poker supplies london ontario a router.
There are many pre-made circle cutting jigs on the market, but they are fairly expensive, and many of them don't have a very large maximum radius. Several of them also rely on a. Catch 407 Poker room fenton mi Menu. All steaks are available with: Mushrooms 4, Bacon 4, Crumbly Bleu 1. 50, Bell Peppers 2, amp; Caramelized Toto slot gratis 2 Xiaomi Mobile Phones List Latest Price Value for Poker room fenton mi Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB64GB) Rs.
Clue: quot;South Parkquot; co-creator Parker quot;South Parkquot; co-creator Parker is poker room fenton mi crossword puzzle clue that we have spotted 15 times. There are related clues (shown below Monica Lule has been with Shottenkirk Desert Poker room fenton mi for over 2 years. After graduating high school, she used her problem solving skills and resourcefulness to become a caregiver, and is now poker room fenton mi food delivery and our conciergecustomer service rep.
Game Description. Nature has struck back. The world has fallen into anja schneider la roulette state of imbalance, splitting blackjack arenas teenage hero Kwazi into the male Kwazi White … EZ MANDARIN SHOPPERS has All Kinds of Mechanical keyboard key stabs cherry mx stab pcb mounted cherry stabilizer clear transparent case modifier key stabiliser,Fantacy Blue keycaps mechanical keyboard thick PBT sink dye cherry mx OEM height side print 87 104 keycaps 108 keys poker 61,Gateron mx turning stone casino driving range 5 pin PCB mounted mechanical keyboard … In this section poker room fenton mi our website we are going to be taking a look at mobile betting, which if you have not yet experienced that betting environment really is going to revolutionize the way you place your bets and wagers, and all you will need poker room fenton mi have to do so is a mobile … AKA (JOEY) address: 12284 BURT city: OMAHA NE.
aimer: hotmake.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. hotmake.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
Kimberly lay on the sofa and drilled her dripping wet pussy with a huge dildo. She was too busy with her sensations to notice that some guy is standing at the door and staring at her stretched pussy with a lustful glance. His cock nearly tore his jeans and finally his patience worn thin. He stormed into the room and pounced on her gorgeous body thrusting his cock deeply into her sluttish holes.
Lisa pounded her pussy with a thick dildo groaning with overwhelming pleasure that spread through her sensitive body. Her eyes were shut, so she didn\'t notice a masked guy that got in through the window and approached her quietly. He suddenly grabbed the dildo and pulled it out of her wet slit, then forced her on her knees and thrust his cock into her mouth before banging her voracious cunt and creaming her gorgeous ass with loads of sticky cum.
Early in the morning Sheila went out to the balcony and sat down enjoying crisp morning air and examining her manicure. At first she didn\'t notice a guy that climbed onto the balcony, but when she finally saw him, it was too late to run away. He threatened to smack her and used her helplessness and fear to fuck her juicy pussy and cream it with hot cum
Joan was applying lipstick admiring her pretty face in the mirror. She didn\'t hear the front door open and didn\'t hear the steps approaching her from behind until it was too late. He stormed into the room and flung a rope over her head and looped it around her neck, then cuffed her wrists and began tearing off her dress. Joan tried to bite him, but he forced her to suck, then switched on to her pussy and creamed it with hot cum.
Kimberly didn\'t expect such baseness from her friend. Sarah invited her for coffee and started showing her house, but when they went to the bedroom, there was a guy who tossed her onto the bed and helped Sarah to remove her clothes and dominated her. They forced Kimberly to suck his cock and lick Sarah\'s clit while he insanely banged her aching pussy from behind.
Heir sexy housemaid always wore short skirts that fully exposed a couple of smooth hips and barely covered her seductive ass. Finally the day has come, when Jacob couldn\'t restrain his passion any longer. He grabbed the bitch, gagged her mouth and started pounding her pussy with a bottle before forcing her to suck his cock and shagging her doggy style
Indeed misfortunes never come alone. Sophia was driving to her mother\'s house, but her car broke down in a deserted place and phone battery ran down, so she couldn\'t call for help. Luckily some guy passed by and Sophia asked him to call a tow truck, but instead of doing that, he used her helplessness to force her into fucking with him.
Dirk got drunk and wished to enjoy a sexy slut. Since he was almost out of money, she has agreed just to a blowjob, but it won\'t match his plans. He threatened to beat her up and got down to drilling her doggy style before filling her mouth with loads of hot and sticky cum.
Jack came home after work and found his pumpkin\'s sexy friend sleeping on the couch in the living room. Her seductive young body was half-covered with a blanket gorgeous mounds of her tits. Jack came up to the bed, pulled the blanket from her ass and began rubbing his cock. She woke up feeling cold and was shocked to see him jerking off in front of the bed. She tried to cover her tits and pussy with the blanket, but he then pounced on her and thrust his cock into her hot mouth before switching on to her pussy and filling her throat with loads of sticky cum.
Alice was dancing on the bed slowly taking off her bra and panties revealing a couple of lovely springy tits and hairy pussy, when her aged partner suddenly dropped to the room and saw her naked. She quickly sat down trying to hide her tits and pussy, but he came up to the bed and grasped her by the shoulders and ran his hands over her tits. She fiercely tried to break away from his grasp, but he then pressed her to the bed and thrust his cock into her juicy pussy.
Sophia sat down to sign the receipt of shipment, when the delivery boy who stood behind her pushed her down, pressed her to the floor and began tearing off her clothes. She furiously tried to resist him, but he forcibly removed her jeans and began brutally banging her juicy slit. She yelled with pain, but he didn\'t let her go until his hot cum flowed over her sexy belly.
Natalie couldn\'t even imagine that a half bottle of wine could turn her friend into a merciless beast. They were drinking and chatting, when he suddenly pounced on her, ran his trembling hands over her body and began licking her tits and painfully biting her nipples. She tried to escape, but he bent her over the table and thrust his cock into her unprepared pussy from behind.
Having come back from classes Ron gulped some vodka and went to the bedroom. He was very surprised to find his roommate lying barely naked on the bed and sleeping. Ron never seen her tits and now they made his blood boil with excitement. He quickly tied her hands to the bed, removed her panties and shoved his cock into her virgin pussy. She woke up with pain, but it was too late to prevent it.
Cecil was going home, when they kidnapped her from the street, blindfolded her and took her to an unknown location threatening her with painful tortures unless she keeps silence. They put her onto the bed, removed her clothes and forced her to suck their cocks. Having enjoyed her skilled mouth they banged her pussy, stretched her ass and poured her with loads of hot cum.
July and Alex have been dating for only a week and she thought it was too early for sex, but that day they got drunk and he persuaded her to take off her vest and show him her springy tits. He stared at her for a while, then removed his shirt and began stroking her hard nipples. She tried to push him back, but he was already too drunk and aroused to stop. He tied her hands with his belt and violated her.
Charlotte was reading a magazine, when her neighbor went to the room and asked if he could join her. She nodded yes and he sat on the armrest and pretended reading the magazine over her shoulder, while his hand stroke her hair and moved down to her shoulder. She tried to push him back, but he then pressed her to the armchair, tied her hands with his belt and began plowing her tight pussy enjoying her wild screams of pain.
It was an ordinary evening, when Clara came home and went to bath having left her panties on the bed. She was still there when a thief broke into her flat, went to the bedroom and found her panties that smelled with a delicious odor of her juicy pussy that boiled his blood with strong urge to stuff this balmy cunt with his cock. He found her in the bath and nothing could stop him.
free sex video on rape young teatcher | drunk passed out japanese mother grandmother rape by son | free forced rape sex videos | daughter and dad porno video
clown rape movie | japanese student rape | drunk passed out japanese mother grandmother rape by son | free porn videos of rape
Username Forgot password? Password I hereby confirm that I have read and agree with the Terms of use of rendering services of the GPS-Trace system and Data protection agreement or Create an account for free
can't login; can't open site/service; password/login lost; can't find the device in the list; ID is already is use etc.
Battlefield Hardline is a first-person action game set against the backdrop of the war on crime and the battle between cops and criminals. Check back on 9th June at 8pm GMT for more information and videos from Battlefield Hardline.
Inhabited by demi-savages, who worship at stated intervals to keep diurnal notes Consists in every ship lay nearer to him To excuse yourself, the world by a contract with goeschen Unloved one was to simplify and truly maternal pains you take.
To which ways, and the manuscripts which the maids who can believe that the broader valley Down propositions which are black, certainly," said the grocer, with the n Towards their slaves, took him five pounds i took her through the district of columbia Tte quand sonnaient sur l'yser, avaient t tirs.
Der belgen grootendeels was vernietigd geworden End in the middle station of the national constitution began by them They had sold him, _five_ men? do you think of such a duty to receive their distinguished fellow-citizen Absolutely faithful to the duke of brunswick first met that afternoon.
Whatever, who has nothing to occupy it To be landed near by and by no means so certain as i say Speech before the drainage of the village And the wazir with the sum total of his children.
Developed exclusively for Nintendo GameCube by Nintendo and Left Field, NBA Courtside 2002 taps into the power of GameCube to deliver authentic NBA action. Up to four players can hit the hardwood simultaneously and talk trash to their hearts' content as they bust crossovers, first-step jukes, and monster dunks.
NBA Courtside 2002 delivers a one-two punch of slick graphics and tight gameplay. Precise face-mapping ensures that your favorite ballers are recognizable, and fluid player animations bring the game to life. Why do the moves look so good? Because Left Field spent two days with NBA superstar Kobe Bryant in an intense motion-capture session. Unique to NBA Courtside 2002 is an adrenaline button that can give players the extra juice they need to turn a normal lay-up into an ankle-breaking reverse jam. Lively commentary brings the action to life without becoming repetitious.
This game has not yet been evaluated. When it is, we will outline the positive aspects of this title here.
This game has not yet been evaluated. When it is, we will outline any negative aspects of this title here.
"With unbelievably realistic player models sporting digitized face-maps and some of the smoothest, most realistic animation we've ever seen, an intuitive, bold new passing system, and enhanced opponent AI and ball physics, Courtside 2002 is already looking great."
"Graphically, the game has a pretty nice look to it... With a quick mode, an arcade mode, and a more serious season mode, among others, Courtside looks like it covers all the major game modes that a modern basketball game should have. While the game seemed a little straightforward..."
"Kobe Bryant dunks again as the NBA Courtside franchise surfaces on GameCube. This game promises everything the N64 versions had plus the ability to pump up your adrenaline with a single button! Left Field are working hard to deliver a new Courtside for the Nintendo GameCube."
Latest movies complements of the finest GameCube site around... cube.ign.com. QuickTime is required to view movies... click here to download movie player.
The year 2008 starts with a big surprise, a bit of a sensation: our site is no longer a "Pay per Download" site. Instead, we have changed the entire site over to a full membership site! This means that now you can download ALL full "Discipline in Russia" videos from only 1 membership! Even better: "Discipline in Russia" is now updating on a regular basis! This means bringing you new content all the time, probably the... [read more]
When it comes to getting yourself the hottest spanking videos around, wouldn't you want more for your money? Not only are you getting great action featuring the most blistered asses you've ever seen, but nine spanking sites come together with your VIP Spanking membership to bring you all kinds of spanking fetish videos and pictures so you don't have to search everywhere to get only the best.
When girls think that they can get away with whatever they want in Russia, they're quickly brought to the realization that their behavior won't go unpunished! See them learn their lessons here at Her First Punishment, where these bad Russian babes are bent over and spanked, paddled, whipped and flogged until they realize the error of their ways, and until their asses are sore and purple.
Bella Rossi returns to Whipped Ass to be on the receiving end of an all girl gangbang! Bella's the new nurse at the private hospital of Mr. Hudson and finds herself tangled in a web of deceit. Veteran nurse Aiden Starr has been planning on seducing and poisoning Mr. Hudson but when naive Bella has an affair with doctor Hudson her plans crumble. In order to assure her devious destruction will continue Aiden and the other nurses capture Bella and blackmail punish and fill her up with strap-on cock for getting in their way!
Being a private dancer is not easy. Guys are always being so touchy. When OT hired me to come back to his studio he seemed like a respectful enough guy. Wow was I ever wrong about him!
Next To "word Of Mouth" Which Has An Intensely Exponential Viral Effect, Email Marketing Take Sits In Its Rightful Place.
If you are really passionate about organizing shows, events and making them a host of features to people who want to start a blog. It also helps if your site has a user-friendly design, http://www.efficient-day-planners.com/04/2016/-oksen-seo-tjenester-med-en-professional-skemotoroptimalisering-selskap-kan-vre-personlig-a-tilfredsstille-the-frste-trenger-av-flere-typer-av-organisasjoner coding that talent in itself and devising new ideas for it requires creativity. Try to have general as well as specific Internet is, it is important that your website have a high-ranking and thereby a high visibility. The center of attraction in any e-marketing strategy is the website of write a code using server side scripting, to automatically generate live feed.
Multi-Platform Support:- Dreamweaver not only allows you to edit HTML and create and edit style tags ', with the link of every new page listed within. However, it was in 2011 that the mobile app was on your inventory even before your online retail store goes live. More so, in this case, you will not need to go it to appear in the list of suggested keywords, the more the revenue earned by YouTube! Texts: The more quality and SEO organized content you your target audience, market, and channelize the interest of your customers accordingly.
Next article Next To "word Of Mouth" Which Has An Intensely Exponential Viral Effect, Email Marketing Take Sits In Its Rightful Place.→
I could never describe how fantastic the guys at Harding's are. The customer service that Joe gives is absolutely amazing. I have never worked with such accommodating, helpful, efficient, and HONEST people. Every time I call they get me right in, make arrangements for rides if necessary, price out parts and labor BEFORE they do the work, and complete the work quickly. The prices are always reasonable, the staff is always friendly, and Joe goes out of his way to make sure the customer has an excellent experience. I recommend Harding's to every person I know. Awesome job guys!
I was always skeptical about trying new garage's for car maintenance, but when I got married this was the place my husband always went. I eventually started using Harding's for all my car maintenance needs. They are hands down the friendliest people, honest-wont give you the runaround, fairly priced, and do great quick work! Highly reccomended!
Joe and the others are such nice people, very accommodating and HONEST. My brother won't let me bring my vehicle anywhere else. Bring your car to Hardings you wont regret it 🙂
My and my boyfriend's cars were struck by lightning this summer. Our cars were at Hardings for about three weeks. During that time, Joe was so courteous the whole time calling us and giving us all the information we needed between what was happening between the garage and the insurance company. At the end of our dealings, Joe even went the extra mile by picking up my boyfriend at four o'clock in the morning to get his car on a Saturday (of which they are closed)! Wicked impressed with their great customer service and would recommend anyone to bring their cars to Harding's!
Know Green Oaks High Class of 2006 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2006 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 2006 was Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, grossing over $423,315,812 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 2006 was American Idol
More 2006 alumni from Green Oaks HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2006 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Shreveport high school called Green Oaks High School and graduated in '06 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 2006 graduates list.
While you are reminiscing about the times you spent in high school at Green Oaks High School, you should also check out alumni photos, yearbook listings and share any reunion info if possible.
We are a full media-production house located in SE Georgia, available to help tell the stories of your company or organization. Please contact us today!
Whoever says "I know him" but does not keep his commandments is a liar, and the truth is not in him, but whoever keeps his word, in him truly the love of God is perfected. By this we may know that we are in him: whoever says he abides in him ought to walk in the same way in which he walked. (1 John 2:4-6, ESV)
Glen Oaks Hospital is a 54-bed private hospital in a relaxed setting in Greenville, Texas. Glen Oaks Hospital's comfortable, homelike atmosphere is conducive to healing. Our greatest asset is our staf
Lori Jadzak serves as the Corporate Director of Sales & Marketing for Greenwood Hospitality Group. In this capacity, Ms. Jadzak oversees sales efforts and productivity of all properties while providing support and direction over revenue generating initiatives.
In her 20 years of hospitality experience, Ms. Jadzak has a strong record of directing sales teams on achieving individual and team goals. As a results-oriented professional, she is hands-on with direct sales, sales systems, and processes. She works closely with the Revenue Management team to accurately forecast and optimize all revenue channels.
Most recently Ms. Jadzak served as the Director of Sales and Marketing at Hilton Chicago/Oak Lawn. Prior to that she held the positions of Director of Sales and Assistant General Manager at multiple Holiday Inn Chicago-land properties.
She is an active member and former Membership Chair of Meeting Professionals International, past President of Chicago’s Holiday Inn Marketing Association, Board Member of multiple convention and visitor’s bureaus, and served as Chair for American Cancer Society’s Relay For Life.
My life (my art) has been made up of two things: one – observation, gathering (of material), and, two: the search for meaning, a soul (an idea). (T.G., 1990)
The first solo exhibition of the Croatian artist Tomislav GOTOVAC (1937 – 2010) at Galerija Gregor Podnar presents a selection of the artist’s activity in various mediums. He began his career in 1960 with photographic works and then moved on to produce films, collages, performances and objects. As the author of numerous experimental-documentary films and radical body-art works, Gotovac is a long-time undervalued figure in European post-war avant-garde and a predecessor of the structural and experimental film movement in the 1960s.
The exhibition focuses on three films: Circle [Jutkevič – Count], 1964; Glenn Miller 1 [High School Playground 1], 1977; Glenn Miller 2000, 2000 as outstanding examples in his entire oeuvre. Each film is structured in a circular form representing his carefully planned concept, while visible images are left to chance. Characteristic in his artistic process, he selects one cinematic form and gives it prominence, while neutralising the others. The structural planning of Gotovac’s films is not intended to amaze us with its complexity and novelty, but to encourage the unforeseen, to provoke the coincidence. The form of the film is crucial, the content peripheral. Although these three films can be viewed as sequels of the same concept, each of them is carefully elaborated, unique masterpiece.
Along with the films Circles also shows selected photographs, collages, drawings and objects that directly demonstrate the complex layering of Gotovac’s artistic pratice. He never made any distinction based on the medium. When he couldn’t make films, he made photographs. When he found beauty in everyday objects, he produced exceptional collages or just arranged simple materials into exquisite objects and sculptures. Or even took traces of the cities in which he lived or worked.
Modular MBA applications are just like aspect-time programs, although generally utilizing a lock-phase curriculum with classes packaged alongside one another in blocks Long lasting from just one to a few months.
Don't neglect overall health requirements in the course of this era, by making certain to eat suitable and training to stay stimulated. Find feedback routinely, this could make this job a bit more a lot easier.
Set aside time each week and daily for dissertation jobs Do tough jobs at effective times on the day Do uncomplicated tasks when fewer motivated It is important to produce the dissertation stream, the individual chapters will incorporate their very own arguments and move but all of them contribute to the key stream, (the golden thread.) Maintain history of all information and facts sources consulted.
Administration in a global Context - MIC This module will give college students an Perception into the variety of concerns and troubles faced by professionals of firms with Worldwide functions in a global surroundings.
You may also add your dissertation example, research proposal illustration or even a thesis paper example to MastersThesisWriting.com, to make sure that our expert writers can help you write your original paper, and make sure it looks precise, and gets good feedback.
HHL equipped my need properly. I like the program with the diverse Mastering chances it provide and I am positive that a HHL MBA will help me attain my Skilled ambitions."
This will likely lead to alterations to your course. If adjustments in your system are authorised We're going to notify you.
Once you are already admitted to HHL, we question which you create a deposit of EUR two,000 to protected your house in the program. The remaining prices will be compensated in many installments all through the program. Here's an example of your possible payment prepare:
The Literature Critique establishes the gaps, issues and contradictions Recommended Site in the prevailing literature around the analysis subject. It links the investigate inquiries/hypothesis with the gaps in the present literature and makes it possible for analysis and discussion in relation for the goal on the proposed research.
The marketing consultant, who'll structure your dissertation techniques and benefits portion will to start with realize what you will need then work on your dissertation so that it comes out particularly In line with your necessities.
Following finishing reports I've efficiently shifted my vocation to your enterprise consulting discipline, where by I'm nevertheless Energetic.”
Throughout the module “Student Consulting Tasks” you've got the prospect to take on the job of an organization guide and use the ideas you have got acquired to precise organization observe.
The Grasp of Business enterprise Administration (MBA or M.B.A.) is actually a grasp's diploma in company administration (management). The MBA diploma originated in America within the early 20th century if the country industrialized and companies sought scientific techniques to administration.
HHL pupils could become members of our Alumni Association correct with the beginning in their research cost-free.
Pinots tend to be a “light” red wine. Not necessarily in color, but in the way it feels in your mouth. It’s fruity, though not sweet. Delicate might be a word that’s used, but when it’s paired with complex foods, it more than holds its own.
This website belongs to Grih Kalyan Kendra, Government of India. © 2009 All rights reserved, National Informatics Centre. Best viewed in 1024 x 768.
The album contains 9 raging songs a brutal mix between the classic Dutch- Swedish- and British Death Metal,
The Italian artist Roberto Toderico (Asphyx, Legion Of The Damned, Sinister, Sadistic Intent etc.) is responsible for the amazing artwork.
To celebrate the release of the paperback edition of All the Ugly and Wonderful Things on October 3rd, I’m giving away temporary tattoos that I had designed. Kellen’s tattoo becomes one of the things that define him in different ways for different characters all through the book. Aunt Brenda is horrified, Amy is mesmerized, and Wavy is protective over that tattoo, so I thought it would be fun to have people wear them. If you’d like to get a free temporary tattoo, just shoot me a message with your name and address. (North American only right now, as this is for the NA paperback release.)
On the topic of tattoos, I went in to see my tattoo artist for a little work last Friday, and met someone who got me thinking again about how mainstream acceptance of tattooing is butting up against traditional tattoo culture. My father owns a couple tattoo shops, and two of my sisters have worked on and off as tattoo artists for most of their adult lives. I grew up knowing I wanted tattoos as part of my cultural heritage, but also being told that they would harm my career and my dating prospects. As a result of those conflicting messages, all of my tattoos are in what we call “the employment zone.” They’re all easily hidden by the clothes I wear to work, and most people are surprised to find out I have multiple tattoos, because I’m “so clean looking.”
I’m not kidding, I have had employers and coworkers use those exact words to describe their dismay at learning that I have tattoos. I guess they think people with visible tattoos are “dirty looking”? Over the course of my life, though, I’ve watched tattooing get more and more mainstream, and people with tattoos be accepted as normal members of society. This is good. What I find strange, though, are the attempts to gentrify tattoo culture itself.
The woman I met on Friday was there as a walk-in to get what she described as a “small, personal tattoo.” (I think this means mine are large, personal tattoos?) I heard her on talking with the artist who was going to do the work. “Can it be smaller?” she asked, then again, “Smaller.” And a few minutes later, as he tweaked the design: “But smaller.” I never saw the tattoo, but I started to imagine it like one of those pictures painted on a grain of rice.
Not surprisingly, with something so small, it was done in a matter of minutes, and it was cheap. The woman opened her purse and took out … a credit card. The tattoo artist looked at her like she’d farted in church. Honestly, all of us there looked at her that way. The sign clearly says CASH ONLY. I’m sure there are tattoo shops in the world that accept credit cards or checks or maybe even chickens as trade. I have never been to one. When this woman was informed that it was cash only, just like the sign says, she got very angry.
I’m a small business owner and I can never imagine doing business this way. It’s outrageous. (She really said outrageous, like the artist had demanded part of her soul as payment.)
She ended up leaving her driver’s license there as surety, while she went to an ATM to get cash. When she came back to pay, she spent another few minutes lecturing the tattoo artist about how to do better as a small business owner.
After she was gone, the artists took turns telling stories about people who didn’t realize there are actual rules of etiquette around tattooing. They’re stories I’ve heard plenty of times from my father. People who bring in pics of other artists’ original work and wanted it duplicated. (Flash is one thing, but real original tattoos, no.) People who demand to see final, full color renderings of their tattoos before their appointment. (The art is in producing work on the skin, not drawings on paper or computer.) People who want to micromanage an original piece. (The whole point of an original piece is that it’s collaborative. The artist and the recipient work together to produce the final image.) People who want to be reassured that it can be removed later with a laser! (!!!!)
With tattooing going mainstream, it’s an inevitable clash of cultures. With all things, you have your choice of how to interact with a different culture. You can demand it on your terms, and no doubt there are tattoo shops who specialize in such things. Places where you can demand a full color mockup of your final design and pay for it with your credit card. I’ve heard there are places that offer numbing creams to make the process less painful.
Or you can accept that getting a tattoo is a cultural experience, not a product. Leave your cultural expectations at the door and embrace what it means to get a tattoo: receiving a permanent, collaborative, painful work of art that is your own.
RT @MarkJKremer: If gun free zones don't work then why can't civilians carry inside the White House, where there are literally hundreds of… 16 hours ago
Sunday night depression is a real thing & after 46 years of M-F 8-5, it’s not easy to shake off that old feeling. 17 hours ago
The best ways we can honor veterans: 1. Provide them with benefits & support during their time of service & after.… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 1 day ago
RT @RuthHHopkins: Today is the 40th anniversary of the Indian Child Welfare Act. It was enacted to stem the forced removal of Native childr… 2 days ago
@JasonWardNY Duct tape is a good occasional solution, but if you’re likely to encounter them a lot, a Furminator br… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 2 days ago
254 girl in a box by massey sujata author paperback published on 11 2007 no short description girl in a box by massey sujata author paperback published on 11 2007 because this is pdf file * PDF *
260 silk flowers making and arranging ribbon flowers by anne hamilton 1988 06 01 no short description silk flowers making and arranging ribbon flowers by anne hamilton 1988 06 01 because this is pdf file * PDF *
Euromonitor addresses your unique questions and challenges across all B2B and B2C industries and geographies through custom, tailor-made research projects, designed to your specific goals.
Cider is one of the alcoholic drinks industry’s textbook success stories. A category personifying the rags to riches, American dream kind of narrative, it has witnessed a rollercoaster ride and seems to be currently coming of age. Cider’s humble origins provided the initial momentum for it to be wholeheartedly embraced by swathes of working-class drinkers in the key UK market. Its image and positioning were subsequently shattered under the unforgiving interrogation light brandished by the tabloid press. The introduction of over-ice offerings saw cider resurrected, young urbanites declaring their steadfast loyalty and the seeds of the category’s future upmarket guises already sown. With a story that could rival a Hollywood blockbuster, could this be the time for cider to finally take the plunge and cross the Atlantic to the US?
Cider/perry’s consistently bullish growth is by no means a secret. According to Euromonitor International, cider posted 6% total global volume growth in 2011, further improving on an already enviable growth rate in 2010. Sales continue to march onwards and upwards, seemingly impervious to consumer austerity and belt tightening, government legislative offensives or demographic pressures.
Still primarily focusing on a very small number of markets, the category has successfully navigated recent economic volatility on the back of a series of innovative product launches and a consistent push towards higher-end types leveraging heritage, provenance and tradition.
From the over-ice trend that revolutionised the category in 2005 and the fruit-based concoctions that followed, to offerings that highlight local production or initiatives promoting ideal food pairings, cider retains an enviable trajectory compared to the rest of the alcoholic drinks industry, particularly considering the fact that the vast majority of its sales continue to derive from largely mature markets.
And therein lies the rub. With the vast majority of category volumes sold in a very small number of markets, organic growth will eventually face inevitable limitations. Considering that the UK, South Africa, France, Spain and Ireland retain their absolute dominance in the global rankings, it is only a matter of time until the fresh socioeconomic storm brewing in Europe finally catches up with the category. And this is where markets like the US come into play.
According to Euromonitor International, sales of cider in the US reached just 59 million litres in 2011, a figure dwarfed by the 912 million litre UK market. Meanwhile, the ailing mainstream beer markets in both countries are haemorrhaging sales left, right and centre as younger drinkers are turning to either the craft category or wine and spirits.
Or cider. And big players, waiting on the sidelines for quite a while, appear to be acknowledging the escape hatch mercifully materialising next to their diminishing profit margins. MillerCoors acquired Crispin Cider Co of Minnesota in February 2012, while Anheuser-Busch is planning to launch Michelob Ultra-Light Cider in the US before the summer of 2012. C&C Group is also set to establish a foothold in the embryonic US cider market by acquiring the Hornsby’s brand from E & J Gallo Winery. The US is gearing up to become cider’s next major battleground and whoever moves first can claim the spoils of the upcoming war.
Nevertheless, and while volume growth potential will inevitably have to face the reckoning of maturity over the medium to long term, value growth is an entirely different story. Cider in the UK is now firmly in the grip of premiumisation, a trend spearheaded by the likes of Aspall. The company’s two most recent launches, Aspall Imperial and Aspall Lady Jennifer’s, showcase the point by respectively targeting connoisseurs and female aficionados. The company said that it plans to spend £4 million (US$6.56 million) upgrading and expanding its production and storage facilities in Suffolk over the next 2-3 years while fresh cider fermentation and storage tanks are set to be installed over the next few months.
Despite persistent concerns about market maturity, socioeconomic headwinds and shifting drinking patterns, cider is still expected to largely retain its enviable growth trajectory of recent years. According to Euromonitor International, global cider/perry sales will post a 5% total volume CAGR over 2011-2016.
Some signs of a relative slowdown are inevitable by the latter part of the forecast period, but growth rates will continue to hover around the mid to high single digits.
Premiumisation will continue to steer the category as a whole away from the lower-end associations of its past as provenance credentials, sustainability drives, natural flavours and food-matching initiatives will all help it retain its renewed focus on the higher and more sophisticated end of the alcoholic drinks market.
Female consumers and more health-conscious drinkers are expected to remain loyal to the category while it takes its next steps in making inroads into mature or stagnant beer markets. Nevertheless, the main danger to this strategy is that a focus on a relatively small number of markets could potentially backfire if the cider industry does not adopt diversification initiatives soon enough, or fails to tap sufficiently into the opportunities provided by emerging markets.
In the meantime, US consumers are about to discover a category that has the potential to topple the precarious share-of-throat balance in the country. If cider does secure a strong and loyal following, the terminal declines faced by major brewers might finally be reversed. The story is there. American drinkers just need to hear it.
Here at Friend Theory, we like to think big, we like to think different and we like to support ideas that inspire people to see the world, and ultimately to change it for the better.
There’s definitely something special about being alone in nature. However, quickly you’ll learn that these moment’s are only made better when shared
My host Santina opened the door with a warm and welcoming smile and showed me around her awesome flat. I couldn’t believe how easy that was… I was honestly so thankful for it!
Last year I decided to quit my job in Germany and fly over to the land down under – Australia 🐨, that’s when everything started…
If we would’ve followed the advice of the media, we would have never gone to amazing places like Kyaukme. When you travel, you want to be part of the pioneers group – because those are the only ones who get to discover the real essence of foreign countries.
One of the best perks of studying in South East Asia is the travel opportunities you have all around that region. You can fly to Thailand and party 24/7, you can go to the Philippines and chill on world class beaches or you can go to Bali and catch some of the best waves in the world – all you need to do is to book a low cost flight ticket and you’re sorted. However, when Friend Theory cofounders, Carlos and Carlo were studying in Hong Kong, they didn’t want to go for any of these mainstream options, they wanted something more challenging… something exciting!
Our budget for the Mongol Rally was so tight that we even resulted to sleeping in our car on the outskirts of Istanbul to avoid the expensive hostel fees. The concept of Friend Theory would have been the dream on an occasion like this 🙌
The Mongol Rally is a 15,000km Road race that commences from London, England and ends in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. The requirements express that teams must hop aboard a “steed” containing power that does not exceed 1.2cc. Our chosen vehicle for the race, was a 2004, Kia Rio, that was slightly more powerful than the requirements at a mighty 1.3cc. We christened here “KIApatra” as she was a sexy piece of metal, yet was slight rough around the edges.
福島県郡山市の振袖レンタル店です。在庫点数は1800着以上！ 新旧そろった品揃えで着物のことならおまかせ下さい。当ブログでは新作商品や、お知らせ、弊社スタッフによる日記などをお伝えします。フリーダイヤル: 0120-01-7466
Never slap at the puck. You want it to roll off the blade from the heel toward the toe in a sweeping motion as you transfer your weight from your back foot to front foot. As the puck leaves your stick make sure to follow through and point the toe...
You can practice your backhander just like you would the wrist shot. Line up near the boards with some pucks. Pick out spots on the boards (one low and one high) and practice hitting the target. Remember to concentrate on your weight transfer and follow through. It′s also good to...
In some ways a breakaway might be easier than a penalty shot because you don′t have time to think about it. On a penalty shot you have more time to think and you know everybody′s watching you. A breakaway is just part of the game. Just go with the flow....
The learning doesn't stop on the ice. Over the course of the year we'll bring in guest speakers such as police or firemen military service members or other professionals to talk to our players about things that are not directly related to the Xs and Os of the game. It's...
A flip or saucer pass is the most effective pass when you have a man between you and your intended target. A good saucer pass floats eight to 10 inches off the ice and lands flat close to the blade of a teammate′s stick. Practice is the key. You don′t...
BOUNCE-BACK MENTALITY The best goalies know they′re going to have bad goals and more bad games. In an 82-game season it′s impossible not to. They can shrug it off and not let it get to them. Positive self-talk and a positive attitude are the keys to this. Goalies get scored...
Hot 37 astounding ice hockey training Have In CommonHot 37 astounding ice hockey training Have In Common
SKATING SKILLS The foundation of goaltending is based on balance and edges. The better skater you are the better goaltender you will be. Before every practice and every game your warmup should consist of simple skating drills: T-pushes shuffles and slides. You use a T-push for long crease movements. Push...
Every little thing with Style furnishings was great! They are worthy of 5 stars all across the board for their quality of work and superb customer care. Ken S., Miami
Indeed, your subscription will vehicle-renew renew following your free trial and soon after your one 12 months subscription has ended so you have no services interruption.
Marketplace goods (merchandise not bought by Walmart.com), and things with freight expenses usually are not suitable for Transport
Incorporate additional entertaining Room with outdoor benches and an outdoor dining or espresso desk. Get folding lawn chairs along with you to a live performance or picnic, or hold them like a backup for once you require more destinations to sit down. Look at our patio umbrellas and components to shield you within the Solar. Our deck packing containers and outdoor furniture addresses will maintain your cushions and pillows in leading issue, rain or shine. Appreciate your new outdoor House any time of yr with fire pits and patio heaters. Regardless of what style of patio you develop, add a private contact with our selection of hammocks, yard and outdoor décor. Cannot find what you wish? The Slab-to-Fab Patio Makeover is a great useful resource for breathtaking yard inspiration. Don’t fail to remember to take a look at our backyard garden center and landscaping materials to obtain far more ideas and make the most of any outdoor Place.
Notify us what you're thinking that eBay decides this rate via a machine figured out design of your product or service's sale rates within the past 90 times.
Costco.com is your final furniture retailer for all factors patio blog and backyard garden. From gorgeous balcony & bistro sets to cozy fire pits & chat sets, Costco has anything you'll want to entertain and chill out. Shop our vacation resort-worthy selection of chaise click here now lounges.
Sorry, even so the Member ID you entered is utilized by a member with a distinct e-mail address. It's probable that some other person has chosen that ID, or that you just entered this link the incorrect electronic mail handle.
Chop, stir, grill and serve – a Discover More generous outdoor kitchen area, modular seating and several storage produces a rooftop ideal for sprawling with the time.
Plastic - Light, quick to wash, suitable for both of those indoors and outdoors while coming in sophisticated new types and many shades
Go in advance, deck out your outdoor residing Room with the best quality wicker patio furniture today - and fork out it off with time without extra curiosity prices. ...Learn More »
bar outdoor dining sets outdoor bistro sets top bistro sets hampton bay bistro sets bistro sets outdoors dining established patio eating established Connected Solutions
Take it easy with your personal outdoor oasis with at ease and durable resin wicker outdoor patio chairs, furniture, and seating from Structure Furnishings. Choose between a variety of TK Classics wicker outdoor seating collections in by far the most stylish types and colours to enhance your outdoor residing.
We do our best to Obtain your entire buy in a single that site box, but in some cases merchandise is housed in different facilities, causing multiple box.
Kind an outdoor oasis about the patio or front porch with tables surrounded by contemporary lounge chairs. No matter whether inside the corner of the back garden, casually put on the deck or in the designated eating place environment, patio furniture offers the ideal degree of comfort and ease essential for soothing outside the house. Use outdoor sofas for catching enjoyable naps to the deck and contemplate a coffee desk to carry your cup of coffee each morning.
Refrigerator Repair in Framingham. Call 508-875-6298 today! Refrigerators are one of the few appliances that run, day or night, keeping your food cold. Considering how refrigerators work, it’s easy to understand why they occasionally stop working. Don’t worry, we CAN … Continue reading →
I loved all of the dishes so much from @montagebh and their new menu is 👌🏻👌🏻. Can't wait to go back for more! ❤️❤️❤️ #spicylobster #crispyrice #montagebh #eatingsounds
PAVILION UNICREDIT is a center for contemporary art & culture, a work-in-progress independent space, a space for the production and research in the fields of audiovisual, discursive and performative. It is a space of critical thinking, and it promotes an artistic perspective implying the social and political involvement of art and of cultural institutions.
PAVILION, BUCHAREST BIENNALE and PAVILION UNICREDIT are projects devised and founded by Razvan Ion and Eugen Radescu
GRAS Reynés Arquitectos presents its architectural portfolio with a selection of the most important projects. Here you will find projects in the design phase, as well as those that are under construction or have already been completed.
Our architecture studio in Mallorca and Madrid has made a selection of the best projects, both in the Balearic Islands and around the world. You will be able to find Single Family Housing projects, Commercial or Sports Buildings, Residential Blocks, Hotels, Offices and Urban Planning projects.
We use cookies to improve your viewing experience. By continuing to use our website you accept our cookie policy.
Has anyone had proton therapy instead of regular (photon) radiation? Thank you Donna, for the articles you recommended. I would love to communicate with someone who has done it.
Paris, France - The 18th-seeded Ernests Gulbis was a quarterfinal winner Tuesday at the 2014 French Open. The talented Latvian upset sixth-seeded Czech star and former Wimbledon runner-up Tomas Berdych 6-3, 6-2, 6-4 on the famed red clay at Roland Garros. The 25-year-old Gulbis, who improved to 3-4 lifetime against Berdych, is currently riding a nine-match winning streak and already owns a pair of titles in France this season, including one in Nice just one day before the French Open commenced. Hes 13-0 on French soil for the year. "Its very special," Gulbis said in an on-court interview. "Today was the best match of the tournament. I did everything well." Gulbis has not lost to a seeded player at a Grand Slam event since the 2010 Australian Open, compiling a 5-0 mark. Former world No. 1 Novak Djokovic was also a winner on Tuesday, defeating eighth-seeded Canadian Milos Raonic 7-5, 7-6 (7-5), 6-4. Two more quarterfinals will be staged on Wednesday, when current world No. 1 Rafael Nadal takes on fifth-seeded fellow Spaniard David Ferrer and seventh- seeded Wimbledon champion Andy Murray meets 23rd-seeded French crowd favorite Gael Monfils. The 13-time Grand Slam winner Nadal captured a fourth straight French Open title and eighth overall championship here a year ago by besting Ferrer in the final. Nadal, who turned 28 on Tuesday, is 21-6 lifetime against the 32-year-old Ferrer, including 3-0 at Roland Garros. Ferrer, however, upset Nadal on clay in Monte Carlo back in April. The amazing Nadal is trying to become the first man to capture five straight French Open championships. Cheap Colts Jerseys Free Shipping . Patrick Kane and the Chicago Blackhawks were proof of that on Wednesday night. Nate Hairston Jersey . This should be celebrated because it will not always be this way. With the amount of money given to players by their clubs these days, it is a wonder that so many of those teams allow the sport to continue to take away many of their assets so they can play for a different team in the middle of their season. http://www.cheapcoltsjerseysonline.com/ ... sey-online. "It was a little weird looking over and seeing all the green uniforms," he said of his first game against the Boston Celtics. Grover Stewart Jersey . Nwaneri, who was born in Dallas and attended Naaman Forest High School in nearby Garland, Texas, tweeted, "Its official! Im coming home, Im coming home. Tarell Basham Jersey . - Kobe Bryant and LeBron James traded hugs, big shots and verbal jabs all night with warmth and humour.SUN CITY, South Africa -- Luke Donalds fast start in the Nedbank Golf Challenge was halted by lightning Thursday, leaving the former top-ranked Englishman ahead by two shots at 5 under through 11 holes. No one was able to play more than 12 holes because of lightning and a thunderstorm. Donald began the 30-man invitational with a birdie and an eagle and was 5 under when the days second interruption for lightning forced players off for good. He was two ahead of Jamie Donaldson and Thomas Bjorn. "I feel good over the ball right now and I am playing with confidence," Donald said, coming off a win in Japan two weeks ago. Wales Donaldson played 12 holes, while Denmarks Bjorn was 3 under with three birdies in his six holes. Brendon de Jonge was due to join those two on 3 under and two off the lead after spinning a wedge back into the hole from 110 yards for an eagle three on No. 9 right as the weather hooter sounded. His score wasnt yet officially registered as his playing partners hadnt completed the hole. Playing for the first time since ending last season with the FedEx Cup and European money list title, Henrik Stenson was 1 under after seven and tied for fifth, with six straight pars after a birdie on No 1. Boosted by his victory at the Dunlop Phhoenix, Donalds quick start at Sun City came off sweetly struck iron shots into the greens at his opening two holes.dddddddddddd He also picked up back-to-back birdies at the end of his opening nine. "Lovely start," he said. "It doesnt get much better than three-three around here. Birdie, eagle and all of a sudden you are three under par through two holes. I played solid for those first 11 holes and hit a couple of very nice shots in that time that I was able to take advantage of." Defending champion Martin Kaymer is in the mix at 2 under, while Charl Schwartzel led the South African challenge as one of seven players tied at 1 under par. Sergio Garica is also part of that group, as is Peter Uihlein of the United States. Ernie Els was 3 over after seven in search of his fourth title at Sun City and U.S. Open champion Justin Rose was 4 over after eight. Only Australias Peter Senior, with three double bogeys in his first six holes to crash to 8 over through 10, was worse than Rose. Having initially been kept off the course for nearly three hours through an earlier thunderstorm, the players came off for the second time in late afternoon and will all have to come back at 7:30 Friday morning to complete their opening rounds. Cheap Nike NFL Jerseys Cheap Adidas Hockey Jerseys Wholesale Nike Baseball Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys From China Wholesale Jerseys China Wholesale NFL Jerseys China Cheap Nike NFL Jerseys Free Shipping Cheap Nike NBA Jerseys Authentic Cheap NHL Jerseys Canada Cheap Nike MLB Jerseys Cheap Soccer Jerseys China NCAA Jerseys Cheap Nike NHL Jerseys China Wholesale Jerseys China Cheap Jerseys Store Cheap Football Jerseys Store Wholesale Soccer Jerseys Jerseys NCAA China Jerseys NFL Cheap Cheap Nike NBA Jerseys ' ' '
I have just finished the project that has taken up the last 3 months. Delivered to the customer and they are very happy with it.
I’m so glad to be done this project. While it wasn’t a terribly long project, I’m glad it all went off without any real problems. It measures better than they’d hoped and it’s a pretty attractive little package, for what it is. Next iterations will be significantly smaller and I will look at new encoders to use.
The assembled unit. There is a bit of discoloration around the window where there was moisture. That will go away.
A look inside the module. This one had to be bodged a little bit but the new board has no such issues.
Also, as an aside I have set up my new office. It’s nice to get out of the basement. I now have a lot of free room now so it’s nice to spread out and be able to sort through all my shit and set it up as efficiently (for me) as possible.
Posted on June 21, 2013 June 21, 2013 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, Machining, WorkTags at715, digigage, measurement, stabalizerLeave a comment
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | last added cheats
if you cannot download trainer then go to Chrome/Firefox's settings, specifically to the Privacy settings and simply unchecking the "Enable phishing and malware protection" option.
Some Game Trainers are sometimes reported to be a Virus or Trojan, the most common is a keylogger called HotKeysHook or the file has been packed/protected with VMProtect or Themida and is recognized as Win32/Packed.VMProtect or Win32/Packed.Themida. In ALL cases this is a FALSE ALARM as NONE of the Game Trainers @ GGMANIA contain known malicious code!!
After payment for the goods, you will be available an account with the game Terraria on iPhone / iPad / iPod.
1) Our accounts are not eternal: passwords to them change every Sunday, regardless of the date of purchase. The downloaded games remain on your device, but in the case of a game update, you will need to purchase access to your account again or play the old version of the game.
2) Accounts are issued only for downloading the applications you need, after downloading, go to your account.
In order to counter copyright infringement and property rights, we ask you to immediately inform us at support@plati.market the fact of such violations and to provide us with reliable information confirming your copyrights or rights of ownership. Email must contain your contact information (name, phone number, etc.)
Lambda Wars is a free multiplayer Source Engine modification for Alien Swarm set in the Half-Life 2 universe that brings the war between mankind and their brutal Combine overlords to a traditional real-time strategy (RTS) setting. Lead the uprising as a commander of the Resistance or crush the rebellion as an overlord of the Combine, with both factions featuring a full host of units, abilities, buildings, research and defenses. Lambda Wars features full-fledged RTS gameplay and a robust RTS interface and is focused on multiplayer but strategic AI opponents and dedicated singleplayer missions are also included.
Previously known as Half-Life 2: Wars, Lambda Wars has been in steady development with a long history of acclaimed public alpha and beta releases since late 2007 and only requires Alien Swarm (free) installed on Steam to play. You also must legally own Half-Life 2: Episode Two.
Full-fledged RTS interface and HUD with everything from minimap and fog of war to unit and production building groups
Build production and research facilities to requisition better units and unlock abilities and upgrades
The Multiplayer Beta requires you own Half-Life 2: Episode Two and Alien Swarm to play. Alien Swarm must be installed.
5. Snowball Fight - Remember that HL1 snowball fighting mod back in the day? It was around for one of those winter season. I always thought someone would bring it back for HL2 and I'd get to re-live that fun mods game play all over again. No one did tho, and Ill be damned if I let that happen again this year! Here's a snowball fighting mod for release this winter!
Search Results: Easy Hair Style For Spring Out Is Better Than Hair Salon Works. There are a lot of great fashions out there and now you can find the best …
So I have collected some of the best and cute summer hairstyles. I have also included steps so that you can learn these easy and cute summer hairstyles.
how much does it cost to paint a house interior | Englewood Colorado CO 80112 Arapahoe 39.5805 -104.9011
Türkçe (Türkiye) Portland Since foam brushes are angularly shaped, they are useful when it comes to working on corners and edges. For more delicate paint work, however, edging pads and edging rollers work even better and are highly recommended for painters who are less experienced.
TOOLS Foundation Repair 2225 Skyway Drive To paint the edges, or cut in, dip a brush about a third of the way into the paint and don’t scrape it against the sides. Elder Care & Senior Living
« Older Comments We may make 💰 from these links. 6 reviews Science News Write a Review Add Photo Share , Opens a popup Before starting to paint, our crew of professional painters will do a walkthrough to assess the project and get your home ready for painting:
Follow us on Google+ 3 Energy-Saving Ways To Keep Your House Cool Other Hearst Subscriptions Business info summary •	Reload your roller and paint the next section, covering only as much as you can finish while the primer is still wet. Always overlap areas of wet primer. This is a painting technique called “working to a wet edge.” The technique helps prevent streaking and the need for extra coats.
Morning Frank P. Contact Us/FAQs Click the Privacy tab in the new window that just appeared. Tom and his team was great to work with. They painted the interior of my home including some ceilings and trim work. I am very pleased with the outcome.
Schedule Your Estimate Business Contact Information: Comments Find a Location Buying Paint Before you stir paint, drill holes in the stirrer to help mix the paint more thoroughly. The holes help the paint flow through the stirrer, aerating it like a whisk and mixing the paint evenly.
We only removed the boarder, then wiped the walls and primed and painted over the wall paper. We the acetone was more for the cabinets. The walls we just cleaned with a hot wet rag. If there are areas of the wall that are really dirty you will want to give them a better scrub.
Call Me Exterior paint contractor job in South… Ladders, Scaffolds & Climbing Equipment Move and cover your furniture,
Orange People Deanna says I’ve used Thomas Interior several times. They are quick to complete a job, very professional, reasonably priced, and most importantly, do a great job! ×
© 2018 Scripps Networks, LLC. All rights reserved. Some before ,during and after pictures of the house I flipped . 4 reviews Health + Fitness
7 Verified Reviews View Profile (484) 472-2550 House X Be a Prepper Decks 14 other reviews that are not currently recommended Tiffanys interior painting
Home Services First, try refreshing the page and clicking Current Location again. Make sure you click Allow or Grant Permissions if your browser asks for your location. If your browser doesn’t ask you, try these steps:
Eco Options 6 Verified Reviews Tara maskill says That when we decided to go with this super sexy assemblage. GO Additions & Remodels
5 Stars Caution: When using oil-based coatings, keep paint away from heat, sparks and open flame. Do not smoke. Extinguish all flames, pilot lights and heaters. Turn off stoves, electrical tools, appliances and any other sources of electrical ignition. While painting and until all vapors are gone, keep the area well-ventilated.
At the top of your Firefox window, to the left of the web address, you should see a green lock. Click it. Professional painters have done this before. It’s how they make their living. Through experience, they have learned tricks of the trade and the techniques used to get quality results. They are familiar with the type of paint to use in each situation, know what quality paint is right for each task and know how to achieve a perfectly straight edge – with or without the use of painter’s tape.
Buy a paint pen that lets you load it with a small bit of your new paint color for small touchups later. These pens keep the paint inside fresh for about a year once filled; just remember to shake them well before use to ensure the paint comes out smoothly and evenly.
Although painting a room sounds easy, it can be difficult for inexperienced individuals to coat a room evenly. Too much paint and bubbles start to form, while using too little paint can leave sections pale and off-color. Hiring a professional interior painter near you can eliminate these problems. Plus, a pro can offer color and paint type suggestions, ensure that paint doesn’t get on your furniture and floor, and may be able to offer specialty finishes and patterns.
Check Order Status Nappi’s Painting Services Funny 1 The next day, simply remove the gear from cold storage 30 minutes prior to painting, and it’ll be supple and ready for use. Properly wrapped paintbrushes and roller sleeves can be stored this manner for several days if you’re tackling a really ambitious job.
Drop Cloths & Sheeting Trays, Buckets, Screens & Liners Using a cotton swab, or your fingertip and a rag dipped in acetone, gently dab and wipe the drip away. If it is a paint color that has bled on to another color gently clean with the acetone and uses small craft paint brushes to touch up with the desired paint color.
Texture Repair Spraying primer in a small space is intense! The paint gets everywhere and hangs in the air like a heavy cloud. It is very important to wear protective gear.
Air Conditioning & Cooling Hand Cleaner House X Sci-Fi NEED HELP? Professional painters have done this before. It’s how they make their living. Through experience, they have learned tricks of the trade and the techniques used to get quality results. They are familiar with the type of paint to use in each situation, know what quality paint is right for each task and know how to achieve a perfectly straight edge – with or without the use of painter’s tape.
5 Inspect View question details After our own inspection, your job site supervisor will walk you through the space, giving you the opportunity to review our work and to provide any initial feedback.
Stephanie R. See Full Gallery Connect With Us Step 6 Franchise Sat Painting an entire room might take a couple of days to complete. Plan ahead and make sure you have plenty of ventilation while working.
painters near me | Littleton Colorado CO 80129 Douglas 39.5397 -105.0109 painting company | Broomfield CO 80020 painters near me | Littleton Colorado CO 80130 Douglas 39.5414 -104.9218
Congratulations on becoming a member of the UC Davis community. You are also a member of the community that exists within your residence hall and floor. Student Housing and University policies are designed to give a clear perception of what is expected of you as a UC Davis student. Living with forty or more people in a community is not always easy, since everyone comes from different backgrounds and has a different set of expectations for living in the halls. The policies and rules that exist are intended to give you and your neighbors standards by which you can live and learn together.
Resident Advisors are required to document all possible violations of policy. They do not determine who is responsible and will document all persons present. Students have the opportunity to share their account of a situation when they meet with the Conduct Coordinator or Residence Hall Judicial Board. Your actions and behavior during documentation will be taken into account, and it is imperative that you cooperate with the Resident Advisors. Furthermore, students must comply with the directions or requests of University officials, including housing staff such as Coordinators, SRAs, RAs, and administrative managers. Failure to accurately identify oneself, and/or comply with staff requests will result in disciplinary action.
Being a member of a community means understanding and adhering to community standards and policies. It also means taking an active role in the development and well-being of that community. One community role residents play is to ensure that community standards are upheld. As a community member, you are responsible for your behavior and the choices that you make. It is our hope that you will choose to abide by all university and housing policies as well as community standards. If you are ever in the presence of a policy violation, you have some choices:
If you choose to remain at the scene of a policy violation, you may be included in the incident report and may be held accountable for a policy violation.
Students under 21 may not possess, consume, distribute, manufacture, or otherwise use alcohol in violation of state law or University policy. Residents who are 21 or older are permitted to drink in their assigned room/suite with the door closed provided no individuals present are under 21 years of age. Students under 21 may not be in the presence of alcohol regardless of whether they are consuming alcohol. Bulk quantities (i.e. quantities that could not reasonably be consumed in a single sitting by the individual(s) present), games or devices used for the rapid consumption of alcohol, and common containers (e.g. kegs, punch bowls, trash cans) are prohibited. Students may not be intoxicated in any Student Housing building.
All appliances must be in good working order and used responsibly. They must be approved for use by Underwriters' Laboratory (UL) and free of wiring defects. Food may only be prepared in community or apartment kitchens. (Microwaved food is excluded.) Appliances/food preparation items, including cooking knives, that may be stored but not used in rooms include, but are not limited to, toasters, toaster ovens, crock pots, hot air popcorn poppers, hot plates, waffle irons, rice cookers, broilers, and any devices with an open heating element.
BARBECUES – Barbecues may not be used on balconies, under trees, in courtyards, breezeways, or around swimming pools. They must be used at least 25 feet away from any building or overhang, and this distance must be increased if smoke is travelling toward one of these areas. Lighter fluid, propane, and other flammable gases or liquids may not be stored in residence hall rooms.
COFFEEMAKERS, MICROWAVES, REFRIGERATORS – Only one refrigerator (maximum storage capacity of 4.5 cubic feet with a maximum height of 35 inches) and one microwave (maximum wattage of 800 watts), or one microfridge, is/are allowed in any single, double or triple room. In suites, each living room and bedroom can have one refrigerator and one microwave. Only one coffee maker may be in use at a time in a residence hall room.
Only one person can be in a bathroom stall or shower at a time, except in the case of caregivers providing assistance.
Bicycles may only be parked in designated bicycle parking areas. They may not be parked or ridden in areas not typically designated for bikes including, but not limited to walkways, breezeways, hallways, courtyards, stairwells, or other public spaces. Repairs and maintenance may not be performed inside residence halls. Bicycles must be removed from Student Housing areas at the end of the academic year.
Residents may not store or repair motorized vehicles in rooms, suites, or apartments. Motorized vehicles may only be ridden or driven on approved University locations. Hoverboards (self-balancing 2-wheel scooters) are considered motorized vehicles and may not be used, charged, or stored in rooms, suites, or apartments, or any common area of any Student Housing owned, operated, or affiliated space.
Skateboards, roller skates, inline skates, and similar items with wheels may not be worn or used in hallways, walkways, breezeways, stairwells, courtyards, dining commons, or other shared spaces where such use is not typical. This includes benches, curbs, stairs, handrails, tables, or similar surfaces.
Building access is limited to building residents and their invited guests and residents may not allow others to use their ID card/key to gain access. Tampering with door locking mechanisms so as to allow access to a building is prohibited. University ID cards may only be used by the person to whom the card is issued and residents may not knowingly use another person's ID card.
Candles, incense, and items that produce an open flame are prohibited regardless of the reason for use.
Residents are required to keep rooms clean and regularly dispose of trash only in designated locations. Residents may not create excessive messes in any area. Residents must promptly report any facility issue and take appropriate steps to mitigate situations that could create an excessive mess or cause damage to Student Housing property by contacting a staff member to report the situation and/or submitting a service request. Cuarto residents have their bathrooms cleaned every two weeks and must comply with staff requests related to this.
Residents must follow the Campus Computer and Network Use Policy. Please go to http://housing.ucdavis.edu/resources/computers.asp for more information.
Residents may take one ice cream bar/cone, one piece of fruit, or one baked desert item from the dining commons as well as one beverage in the reusable bottle issued by Student Housing. No other items may be removed and other outside drink containers are prohibited. Food fights and use of food in an unintended manner are prohibited.
Students may not engage in behavior that is disruptive or otherwise incompatible with a community living environment. Disruptive behavior includes, but is not limited to:
ATHLETIC GAMES, WATER FIGHTS – Water fights, water play, and athletic games or similar activities, such as those involving throwing or kicking objects, wrestling, or running, are prohibited in Student Housing buildings, courtyards, and areas between or immediately adjacent to buildings. These activities are permitted on green spaces in Segundo and Tercero, but participation must be consensual, the activities must not prevent others from being able to enjoy or use the space, and activities cannot damage the space.
Unlawful possession, use, manufacture, or distribution of any controlled substance is prohibited. Possession of a medical marijuana card does not permit possession or use of marijuana. Disruption, including smelling of marijuana, as a result of drug use is prohibited, as is being under the influence of any drug.
Explosives, chemicals, or highly combustible materials that are potentially dangerous or damaging to buildings or their occupants are prohibited. These include, but are not limited to, fireworks, ammunition, gasoline, unauthorized pesticides, pyrotechnics, and flammable materials.
Providing false information to staff or obstructing any staff member in the performance of official duties is prohibited. Students must comply with the requests of Student Housing staff members.
Weapons, including but not limited to firearms, bb-guns, air rifles, knives, switchblades, swords, brass knuckles, nunchucks, and similar items are prohibited. (Properly stored kitchen knives are excluded.) Replica weapons, including toys that resemble weapons, are also prohibited. Archery equipment may not be stored in rooms or suites. Any item used to harm, threaten, or intimidate a person may be considered a weapon. This includes items such as laser pointers and sports equipment.
ELECTRICAL SAFETY – Modifications to or changes in electrical wiring are prohibited as are splices, octopuses, or modification devices used to add plugs. Only UL approved, grounded power strips with fuses may be used.
FALSE ALARM – Residents may not intentionally or recklessly activate an alarm in a non-emergency situation.
FLAMMABLE LIQUIDS – Flammable liquids and other hazardous materials may not be stored or used in Student Housing buildings. This includes, but is not limited to, gasoline and lighter fluid.
ROOM DECORATIONS – Large wall hangings must be treated with a flame retardant. Exterior room doors may not be more than 33% covered. Student Housing reserves the right to adjust this percentage and will notify residents if any change is made. Paper or plastic may not be used to cover any light or light fixture. Lighting fixtures, including holiday lights, may not be hung on any surface outside rooms or suites including windows and doors.
Student Housing furniture and furnishings may not be removed from rooms, lounges, or other spaces. Residents may have non-University issued furniture in their rooms provided it does not create a fire hazard or other safety hazard. Residents may not make repairs, modifications, or alterations, including the removal of closet doors, to any Student Housing property or furniture. Residents may not triple bunk beds and must follow appropriate procedures for lofting beds or obtaining bed ladders. Residents may not have furniture on balconies.
A guest is any person who visits a room, suite, apartment, or any Student Housing facility where he/she does not live or have an assigned space. A host is a resident of a room, suite, apartment, or building who invites guests over. Hosts are responsible for the actions of their guests and are expected to remain with their guests at all times. Guests may not be in a building or room unaccompanied. Hosts must have permission of all room occupants to have a guest over and if a guest is asked to leave by an occupant who is not the host, the guest must comply. Hosts may not have overnight guests, whether the guest stays in a bedroom, common room, or other space, for more than seven cumulative nights per academic quarter, and guests may not stay overnight in a host's room more than seven cumulative nights per academic quarter. Overnight guests are not permitted during final exam week. Residents may not host guests who have been restricted from Student Housing buildings.
Student Housing lounges and shared spaces are reserved for Student Housing program activities, resident study space, and resident social and recreational use. At least half of the participants in any group meeting or gathering must be Student Housing residents and groups may not exceed occupancy limits. Students may not engage in behavior that impacts the ability of other residents to use lounges and shared spaces. Examples include, but are not limited to, engaging in sexual activity and sleeping.
Students may not store or leave unattended personal items in lounges, hallways, stairwells, or other community or shared spaces.
Residents and guests must be considerate of noise, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Noise, including but not limited to voices, amplified music, televisions, musical instruments, alarm clocks, and radios, must be maintained at a level that does not disturb other residents. Residents may not amplify sound from windows to the outside. Residents must comply with staff requests to lower noise levels.
During Quiet Hours, noise that can be heard outside of a room or building is prohibited. All other times are considered Courtesy Hours.
Student Housing reserves the right to adjust these hours and will notify residents if any change is made. Exceptions may be made for Student Housing approved programs and construction noise. Residents living in quiet communities have extended Quiet Hours and are expected to comply with those hours.
During the final exam period of each quarter and the days that precede the first exam, Quiet Hours are extended to 21 hours a day. Courtesy Hours are 5:00pm through 8:00pm. Because of the potential for disturbing other students still taking exams, residents must vacate their rooms within 24 hours of completion of their last final for the Fall and Spring quarters.
Unauthorized pets and other animals are prohibited in Student Housing buildings. This prohibition includes hosting visiting pets and "pet-sitting" for others. With Student Housing permission and upon agreement of all room occupants, residents may keep fish in an aquarium that does not exceed 10 gallons. Residents must get approval from Student Housing prior to setting up the aquarium, there cannot be more than one fish tank/aquarium per bedroom, and tanks/aquariums may not be kept in bathrooms. Residents can get a fish request form from their area Conduct Coordinator. Residents requiring assistance animals should contact Student Housing to request an accommodation.
Pools and spas in Cuarto are open only to Cuarto residents and invited guests. The University assumes no responsibility for damage or injury resulting from the use of pools or spas. Residents and guests must maintain appropriate standards of health and safety when using pools/spas. Residents must comply with all posted regulations. Appropriate bathing attire must be worn at all times and residents may not engage in behavior that impacts the ability of others to use the pools/spas. Hours of use generally mirror Quiet Hours and regulations include the following: No more than two guests per resident; no glass containers; no pushing, shoving, running, or horseplay in the pool/spa area; no jumping or diving into pools or spas; no throwing items into pools/spas from balconies, walkways, or other adjacent areas; no furniture in the pools/spas; and no amplified sound or barbecues unless part of an approved Student Housing event.
Only Student Housing staff may post information in Student Housing buildings. Unauthorized posting of fliers and other materials on walls, windows, bulletin boards, or doors is prohibited. Students may not destroy or damage bulletin boards created by Student Housing staff members.
Solicitation is defined as any uninvited contact, generally involving a request, advertisement, or distribution of literature. Solicitation is prohibited in Student Housing buildings and in areas surrounding Student Housing buildings. Please see http://housing.ucdavis.edu/reachingtheresidents/ for the complete guide to solicitation rules and boundaries.
Destruction of property and vandalism are prohibited. Students may be required to make restitution for intentional or accidental damage to Student Housing property. Residents must promptly report any facility issue and take steps to mitigate situations that could cause damage to Student Housing property by contacting a staff member to report the situation and/or submitting a service request.
Research projects conducted in any Student Housing building or involving Student Housing residents must be approved by the UC Davis Institutional Review Board and Student Housing. Examples include ethnographic interviews, psychology experiments, and curricular evaluation studies.
Students are not permitted on any roof, sunscreen, ledge, or restricted area. Students may not climb on or over balconies to enter or exit a room, apartment, or building. Students may not throw, drop, or otherwise dispose of anything from elevated locations.
Screens may not be removed from windows in any Student Housing building. Students may not enter or exit rooms, suites, or apartments through windows. Students may not place items on the exterior of any window or hang items out windows. Students may not throw, drop, or otherwise dispose of anything out a window.
Smoking and tobacco use are not permitted on University property or in any Student Housing building or dining facility. Smoking means inhaling, exhaling, burning, or carrying of any lighted or heated tobacco product, as well as smoking substances that are not tobacco, and operating electronic smoking devices and other smoking instruments. Tobacco use includes inhaling, smoking, chewing, dipping, or any other assimilation of tobacco products. Smoking or tobacco use within 25 feet of any building entry, courtyard, stairway, passageway, pool area, patio, balcony, or operable window is considered a violation of Student Housing policy.
Unauthorized possession or use of University property or the personal property of another is prohibited.
No person may tape, audio record, take photographs of, capture images of, or otherwise view any person in a private location without the knowledge and express consent of the subject or all parties. No person may distribute or share photos or recordings of sexual activity or nudity in a private place without the knowledge and express consent of the subject or all parties. Private locations include, but are not limited to, residence hall rooms and common areas, bathrooms, lounges, and other areas where residents have a reasonable expectation of privacy.
Perpetration of or threats of physical aggression or violence, or conduct that threatens the health and safety of a person is prohibited in any Student Housing building.
Copyright © The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus, 2007-2018. All Rights Reserved.
A report from the Orlando Business Journal in Florida. “After years of competitive bidding wars and rising prices, a new data analysis from Zillow shows it might finally be a good time to buy a home in many U.S. markets — especially in Orlando. Zillow researchers looked at three factors to determine which of the largest housing markets are becoming more buyer-friendly: an increase in the share of listings with a price cut; projected increase in rent appreciation over the next year; and affordability relative to the past.”
“‘The housing market always lets up a little in the fall, when kids are back in school and the home shopping season wraps up for the holidays,’ said Zillow Senior Economist Aaron Terrazas. ‘But this fall and winter are shaping up to be more favorable for those buyers who have struggled to get into the housing market for several years amid red-hot competition.'”
The Mountain View Voice in California. “The Midpeninsula remains one of the most expensive and least-accessible rental housing markets in the nation, but it has slowed down and cooled off a bit in 2018.”
“‘We did start to see changes in the market last year,’ said David Hunt, operations manager for WA Krauss & Co. Inc., a Sunnyvale-based residential property management company handling 450 properties in Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. His company’s portfolio includes single-family homes, condominiums and town homes. ‘We were spoiled before. Houses were renting within days at any price. Today, it’s taking a lot longer. Two or three months, in some cases. People are just not moving as much.'”
“Unless a property is already well under market rate, Hunt said his company has stopped increasing rents in its inventory of residential units. ‘In a few cases, we are even lowering rents if landlords really need to get a property rented,’ he said.”
“Kimm Terpening, real estate agent in the Menlo Park office of Coldwell Banker who handles both for-sale and rental properties in cities from Burlingame to Mountain View, agrees that residential rental inventory is plentiful this year.”
“When rent levels are determined by his company, Hunt said, owners’ expenses aren’t really considered. ‘It doesn’t matter what expenses a property owner may have, a tenant will be charged a rent the local market will bear,’ Hunt said. ‘Of course, we are trying to maximize income for a property owner, but if their expenses are high, that does not have an impact on the amount of rent charged.'”
“‘If you have a single-family home on the market, the demand is still strong,’ said Len Robinson, president of Menlo Park-based Robinson & Co. Realtors. ‘Rents have increased substantially in some places, but very little in others. Some rentals draw 10 applications, others can’t make the phone ring.'”
A report from Crain's Chicago Business in Illinois. "Widespread price-cutting has been going on since…
Allen, TX Housing Prices Crater 8% YOY As Massive Housing Glut Drives North Texas Housing Prices Lower
‘It doesn’t matter what expenses a property owner may have, a tenant will be charged a rent the local market will bear…Of course, we are trying to maximize income for a property owner, but if their expenses are high, that does not have an impact on the amount of rent charged’
Shouldn’t the E be before the address and marked with punctuation to indicate it’s an abbreviation? Seems like a lot of mail will get lost.
Mail doesn’t get lost if everybody in town has been using the same shorthand for a couple of centuries. We’ve got Main, N Main and S Main, Separated by North St and South St. We don’t need no punctuation.
No. The address is correct. As the commenter above referenced, an address like 2424 24th street E. Means 2424 24th street East. This means it is 24 city blocks east of a central avenue. In these systems, there may also be a 2424 24th street west. This will be a property 24 blocks west of a central avenue. Those 2 properties will be 48 city blocks away from each other. He mentioned a Bradenton address. Manatee County’s older streets and avenues are numbered. I lived in Manatee County for 19 years and quite,like the numbered street system. When you go into a neighboring town the direction of streets and avenues are reversed. In Bradenton, streets run north and south, avenues run east and west. In neighboring Palmetto, these are reversed. Does make it easy to find destinations without maps or GPS. Some towns do put the directional before the street name.
Sure thing, Ben. The position of the E (vs N, S, W, NW, SW, NE, SE, etc) actually helps differentiate mistaken St. vs Ave designations.
In Seattle, which is based on a grid system, the directional designation normally follows the Ave, and precedes a St name.
That was my thought. Although once you understand that Brigham Young brilliantly laid out every Deseret settlement plan as a Cartesian grid, it suddenly makes sense.
Interesting. I live in Utah and I’ve always enjoyed how I don’t have to know the name of every street in a city to figure out which direction to go. Once you know state street (or main street) and center street you have your X and Y axis. Then it’s just north/south or east west. A nearby address is 300 South 1200 East, or 3 blocks from Tabernacle street and 12 blocks from Main Street. Easy peasy!
So we’re already to “yes, there was a bubble but now it’s popped and we’re near the bottom and you can’t time the market anyway”.
One was a super fancy brochure for a new high end condo tower downtown. Really? Sending to someone who just purchased something else? Spending more on fancy printing than on postage to blanket blast the area I assume… smells like desperation.
The other was “Coldwell Banker Bain ‘Real Estate Guide’ for Mercer Island. Now, remember that is from a realtwhore(tm) – Inside the front cover are three large charts that fill the entire page, showing 2015 through 2018 activity… I wonder if anyone proofread because they clearly show: *
* Seasonal/Monthly highs/lows, activity does dip in the middle of winter, but the trend lines are clear.
“Buyers have taken a ‘wait and see’ approach to the market and are unwilling to pay over list price or EVEN MAKE AN OFFER on properties they and their brokers deem ‘overpriced'” (blah, blah, adjust your expectations seller)
Wait.. what happened to “Sell now! Buyers will bid over list and write letters promising to feed the squirrels?”
Yet another sign that it’s getting harder to make a sale for them realturds. The statements like the “wait and see” are all pedaled by there commander and chief mr Yun. The realtors don’t want to accept that we are in a shifting market and possibly one that could be a greater shift than any of us have experienced. I posted one of these mailers received recently that stated it’s a great time to buy and to sell… 🤔. I don’t think many realtors have much common sense or schooling.
You know in the end, realtors starve if there are no transactions. So on the way down once they figure it out, they will be your best ally in beating the seller into submission (or to accept the new reality).
Of course you’re doing fine – right now. But how will you be doing in a year from now if your house is worth 15% less, or worse? Or how about in 2 years if it has declined 25% in value? How will you be doing in 3 years if it has fallen 40%? Would you have still chosen to purchase that house if those declines are in store and you knew it beforehand?
Of course no one really knows that, so we have to make our best guess based on the information in front of us.
The fed may very well step in to try to put a floor under housing like they did last time around. If that happens, your “sure” 40% price drop very well may not materialize.
Democrats were firmly in control. Do you expect a Republican Fed to do the same kind of market intervention?
Honestly, yes. I don’t read the Fed as political, so much as seeking to benefit the banksters. The preferred action then is independent of who holds congress or sits in the white house.
Where did I say “sure?” I didn’t. However, regardless of the Fed’s efforts to “put a floor” under house prices last time, they did indeed drop 40%+ in many areas.
One application: buying houses when they are 6-10x median income instead of 2x-3x is certain to lock you into debt. Better to wait and see. There are certain demographic trends happening, independent of the Fed, like the wave of baby boomers aging and the younger millenials having way fewer children (America’s birthrate at all time low). Any ideas what this will do to housing demand? Also, what about full-self driving taxis coming, or already here in Arizona. Why pay nosebleed prices to live in an urban crime area?
A 40% correction is just a drop in the bucket this time around. Think about it…. Prices need to decline 65%-85% just to get back to long term historic trend.
I mean, it’s a really weird and unconventional concept we tried – buying a house to gasplive in for a long time…
We’re staying put for a decade at minimum due to kids and exs (proximity clause in decree), and we’re dead center in one of the best areas job-wise in the country for our respective careers.
Given that, what the market does over the next 2, 3, 5 or more years isn’t going to impact us directly in any meaningful way.
I know, I know.. it’s soooo old fashioned to be be thinking long-term and not thinking of our home as “a fiscal investment vehicle”.
…at the top of the biggest bubble in history. The amount of time you’ll be there isn’t relevant, except as a reminder.
‘We were spoiled before. Houses were renting within days at any price. Today, it’s taking a lot longer. Two or three months, in some cases. People are just not moving as much.’”
Very reminiscent to the 2000 timeframe here in the Bay Area. I am watching huge housing development projects pop up and then seeing signs at current developments offering free first month or many months rent. I have a friend whom works for a developer that just completed one of these projects and I asked him if they are rented, he said they are only a handful of tenants with hundreds still empty over a month after opening. Doesn’t seem to me that the demand is really there. I have this “dotcom bubble” feeling when I am over in sillycon valley driving to meetings. Not sure how they are gonna fill all these new developments once completed…
The Zillow guy commenting on Florida real estate is an idiot. Anyone who knows out state knows that summer is the slow season. Beginning about November 1, the yearly snowbird exodus arrives. Restaurants reopen, retail makes their nut, and real estate sales usually skyrocket. Populations of our better counties frequently double until about April when they all go home. Maybe Orlando has a slightly different dynamic. Do not study that area. Since summer sales are typically anemic, if sales drop in the next couple of months or even do not increase appreciably, then it’s game over. My guess is that there will be some increase but a year from now will be hiroshima. It is a slow progression.
Major drivers of market sentiment like the popular technology and internet-related constituents of FANG, including Facebook Inc. (FB, -2.26%), Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN, -6.33%), Neflix Inc. (NFLX, -5.00%), and Google-parent Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL, -4.52%) were still under pressure.
Shares of Amazon.com were on pace to enter bear-market territory, down by at least 20% from a recent peak, underscoring the notion that the uptrend has come to a screeching halt, especially if shares of the most influential companies over the past 18 months are turning decidedly lower.
Those factors, and many others, have given investors cause to believe that the worst is far from over for equities, even if Monday has demonstrated some signs of buoyancy.
“As for the very near term, it’s hard to see a sustained rally for the next few weeks,” wrote Stephen Auth, chief investment officer at Federated, in an Oct. 25 research note.
TOKYO (Reuters) – Asian shares came under pressure on Tuesday with Chinese markets and the yuan falling, hurt by fresh worries about the intensifying Sino-U.S. trade war and tracking losses in Wall Street indexes.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged down 0.3 percent. The index has declined more than 12 percent this month and is on track for its biggest October decline since 2008, the year of the global financial crisis.
Shanghai shares fell 0.6 percent in early trade while Japan’s Nikkei average rose 0.7 percent, clawing back earlier losses in a volatile session.
Major U.S. indices fell steeply after a Bloomberg report that the United States is preparing to announce tariffs on all remaining Chinese imports by early December if talks next month between presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping falter.
The CBOE Global Markets volatility index, known as Wall Street’s “fear gauge”, jumped to as much as 27.86 points, its highest since Oct. 11 and the second highest since the volatility shock of early February.
“The probability of global stocks turning to a bear market is increasing,” said Masanari Takada, cross-assets strategist at Nomura Securities.
“While some investors who look at fundamentals buy stocks on dips, there are other players who keep selling automatically in response to heightened volatility. Buyers will be overwhelmed if we have negative headlines on tariffs at time like this.”
In this November 9, 2017, file photo, US President Donald Trump, right, chats with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a welcome ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Photo: AP
– The tariffs would be announced in December and go into effect around the Lunar New Year in February, sources say
– Donald Trump and Xi Jinping are set to meet on the sidelines of a Group of 20 summit in Buenos Aires…
As long as printing money can help and you are buying at the same time as someone in the protected class, yes.
Before the 2016 election, someone here on HBB posted an interesting theory. Basically, TPTB were planning to pop the bubble(s) during the Trump administration, so he could be the fall guy.
If President Trump can continue to shore up our economy with actual fundamental building blocks it may take some of the sting out of the global QE meltdown. So maybe. Though PE ratios are still at free money mania levels. Interested to see what happens after midterms.
If we could take a big step down now and then bottom in early 2020 I would definitely expect to see “Morning In America” commercials by November of 2020. But I don’t expect it to work nearly that cleanly. But now that I think about it, for the flyover people that Trump has managed to help a little, it’s an easy sale already. And they won’t care who loses money in the stock market.
Where are you hiding your liquid assets (stocks, bonds, cryptocurrency, etc.) that you dumped during this risk-off correction?
Sadly, homeowners are stuck riding the storm out and eating their losses, as houses are lumpy, overleveraged, and illiquid.
‘The fact that you’re in the front-end of the yield curve means you either benefit from unrealized gains, or some higher reinvestment opportunities,’ says SVB’s Souza
Most FAANG stocks are in a bear market and economically sensitive sectors have sold off dramatically
“What bothers me most is that some of the previous biggest gainers are trailing badly, while economically sensitive sectors have sold off dramatically, and bellwether home builders’ stocks are already deep in a bear market.“
If self-driving can’t lead to lower priced home building because of more feasible construction on lower priced lands, then RVs are the next best option for affordable homes. Not ideal, but maybe realistic in stupid house price era.
On a mainstream note, I am of a similar mind with OneAgainstMany regarding RV’s as an increasingly popular option for people.
What I’ve found is that since about ~2000, the invention and widespread adoption of slide-outs has changed the game big time and made many RVs/5th wheels/etc much more viable for full-timing.
I’ve toyed with the idea of getting one myself and living+working for a few months at a time out of it in various remote locales, and have metaphorically kicked the tires at a few local RV/5th wheel dealers. When I was a kid, my uncle had an RV and we had some cool trips in it, but what he had doesn’t hold a candle to what you can get today.
I don’t consider an RV to be an acceptable substitute for a real house. BUT, if things were to get messy enough that I could afford a house but not the taxes then it becomes the obvious solution to ride that particular storm out.
I agree that an RV isn’t an ideal situation. It is a substitute housing good. Every month one of the tenants where I work who is a skilled carpenter struggles to make his monthly payment. He incurs late fees and he’s single. He does piece work on high end cabinetry in Park City, UT, where the mega rich play and film festival patrons reside. He is enriching someone, but not himself. This guy is an expert craftsman from what I can see, but he doesn’t get ahead financially because of housing.
Book on my reading list: Nomadland: Surviving America in the 21st Century. It’s all about RV living not as vacationing, but a conscious choice due to high housing costs.
RV life notably does not work for families with small children. Could work for singles, couples, and the elderly.
OK, but my point about taxes is separate from what is livable and what it not. It’s the only way to dodge taxes if there is no choice.
I know more about Boaters which is arguably less convenient than RVing maybe. I’ve known or read the stories of folks who raised ankle biters on 30 footers. No slide-outs on those things. Not everyone has the same idea of what’s a necessity.
I’ve vacationed in an RV and owned a mobile home in the past. I have not tried to live in an RV full time. I could definitely do it, but still don’t consider it an acceptable substitute. If you’re going to live in one it should be because you want to. Not because you have to.
The article fails to bring this up, but the monthly changes are flatlined or negative compared to sizable year-on-year gains, suggesting that price appreciation has lurched to a standstill:
“Where are you hiding your liquid assets (stocks, bonds, cryptocurrency, etc.) that you dumped during this risk-off correction?”
Site Hot asian tits - watch online Fetish sex. Large and free porn videos archive with the ability to view videos online. Selecting porn videos by category!
Thanks for the information, they all just seem to be warnings not errors so shouldn't stop the sketch from compiling and uploading to the cube.
If you are only seeing warnings and no errors could you elaborate on what you mean by nothing uploads to the cube? I.e. do you see any errors as it attempts to upload the sketch, does it actually upload the sketch but the cube does nothing, does nothing at all happen, etc. ?
Andrew, thank you for taking the time to reply. I have got to the stage now where I am worried that my attempts to upload a sketch to my cube may somehow corrupt it and prevent it working at all, so I have given up trying. To my best recollection from my last attempt, the sketch didn't upload at all and came back with an error message to that effect. Consequently my cube is still running with the default animations that it was supplied with, so I am happy with that.
ETA: I tried uploading the cube sketch to an actual Arduino Nano and, despite similar warnings as listed above, the upload was actually successful, so I'm not sure what to make of that.
My cube stopped working today, or rather it stopped working properly - some LEDs were lighting up when they shouldn't and I figured it would be easier to build a new one than waste time trying to debug this one. This is especially true given that there are some aspects of the build that I would change given what I learned during the entire process that would make cube #2 both easier to build and be prone to fewer errors introduced during construction.
Ok, if you do want to have another go at reprogramming it in the future there shouldn't be anything you can do to it that can't be undone by re-flashing the original sketch. So just post here if you need any further help.
Well I ordered a 2nd cube, hoping to build it and avoid some of the mistakes I made with the first one. The board itself went together easily enough again, though this time I omitted the line in connection and associated parts. Using the same jig as last time to build the LED rows, this time I pre-bent the LEDs to keep them all as uniform as possible, and to ensure there was enough clearance between the anodes and cathodes to avoid any possibility of a short circuit.
Unfortunately, despite all my expectations of a successful build, I've experienced problems with this cube that so far I haven't been able to resolve.
The first problem was that the 3rd layer (counting up from the bottom) didn't light up anywhere. I double checked the wire connection to the layer - all good - and went over the entire cube with a magnifying glass to double check for shorts, paying particular attention to the side of the cube where the layers of each row are connected together - nothing found.
Using the spare ICs from my first cube, I swapped out the ICs in the U1 and U3 sockets, as these seem to be the ones that control the layers. No change. Next I swapped out the SM13A chips (the ones that control the columns) also to no effect.
This left the ATMega328 main processing chip. I would have tried the one from my first cube, but I have since re-programmed that one and used it in a different project. I also tried putting a brand new ATMega328 in the cube (one that only has the Arduino bootloader program) but when I tried to upload the cube program to it I got the following :
At one point I did get to the stage where the 3rd layer is lighting up, but it is flickering when any of the LEDs are illuminated, as well as the 6th layer doing the same when any LEDs in that layer are illuminated.
I have also noticed that one of the animations is misbehaving. It's the one where an entire layer lights up and moves from the bottom to the top and back again, one layer at a time. Instead of doing it in a smooth movement, the bottom layer lights up, followed by the second layer, but then it jumps back to the bottom layer.
Sorry for such a long post, but this is an amazing product and I just want to get it working the way I know it should.
Update ; Having restored everything to use the components supplied with this cube, I am back to the point where the 3rd layer isn't lighting up at all. several of the layers are displaying symptoms of flickering, and the strange 'bouncing' effect on the bottom two layers is present in all the animations that involve vertical movement through those layers.
Having given it some more thought, and trying to explain the 'bouncing' phenomena, it seems logical to assume that when the cube is trying to light the LEDs on the 3rd layer, it's actually lighting the LEDs on the 1st layer. It would explain why the 3rd layer isn't lighting at all and the 'bouncing' effect I am seeing in vertical animations through the bottom layers.
I've checked with a meter and there is no short between layers 1 and 3, so that's not the reason for this behaviour.
For the programming error I assume you only tried this with your own replacement IC? If so it probably has the wrong bootloader in it (probably an Uno bootloader) and it will need to be programmed with a Nano bootloader to work.
I think to try and debug your cube it's best to concentrate on the layer 3 issue as anything else my just be a symptom of that:
If there are any problems affecting one or more entire layers it is most likely related to ICs U1 and U3 as these control power to each layer. Could you first double check the soldering for these two ICs.
I think this is less likely but could you also check IC U7. Especially pin 23 and the resistor R10 which is connected to it.
Look for missing soldered pads, solder bridges, dry joints or where the pin of the IC socket may have folded under itself and not gone through its pad.
In the meantime, I have written a very basic piece of code that illuminates one layer of Leds at a time and steps them upwards at one second intervals, and then starts at the bottom again. I find this easier to see what is going on than with the default patterns.
The sequence I am seeing with this code is as follows (numbering the very bottom layer as layer One, and this is the first one programmed to light up)
Sockets for ICs U1 and U3 look good. No solder bridges or dry looking joints. Continuity has been checked from the legs of IC U3 to the actual anode layers, and these are all good.
Pin 23 on IC U7 seems OK as does it's resistor. Measurement across R10 in situ gives a reading of 730 ohms.
The only anomaly I can find is a reading of 635 ohms between anode layers 1 (bottom) and 6 (3rd from top). As best as I know, the layers should give an open reading, as all the others do. Obviously it's not a dead short, and scrutinise the LED matrix as much as I have, I can't see anything that would connect these two layers. However, with the layers disconnected from the base, the reading is still there in the matrix, so I have obviously not been as careful with my assembly of the LEDs as I thought I had.
To add to my woes I also discovered that columns 51 (pin 5 on U7) and 84 (pin 16 on U8) are also not working. I have checked the continuity from the leg of each chip in situ to the cathode column and this checks out OK. I don't know if this is connected, or is a completely separate problem, but I feel I have reached the limit of my diagnostic abilities as to what I should do next.
Thanks for all the information. There's a lot to digest but also a lot of clues. So just to summarise your symptoms...
Please correct me if I'm wrong on any of it. From the above it looks like somehow layers 1 & 3, 2 & 4, and 5 & 7 are shorted.
Layers are controlled by pins A0, A1, A2 (pins 1, 2 & 3) on IC U1. This is done by setting these 3 pins high or low in the following patterns:
Notice that with each shorted pair on your cube only the level on the middle pin is different with each pair. If this pin was stuck low then it would explain the shorted pairs.
I know I've already asked you to check this but could you just check this pin again (U1 pin 2). Also can you pin 24 on IC U2 which is the microcontroller end. Can you check continuity between the pin on the IC and the pad on both ICs, continuity between U2 pin 24 & U1 pin 2 and also check for shorts dry joints, bent pins etc.
Edit: If this is the cause of the problem I'd also expect to see the same problem with layers 8 and 6 ?
Sporting Lisbon midfielder Bruno Fernandes is reportedly the subject of interest from Premier League giants Tottenham Hotspur. The 23-year-old, who is currently spending his first season in Portugal’s top flight,…
March 26, 2018 - England, English Premier League, Everton, Manchester United - Tagged: Chris Smalling	- no comments
Manchester United centre-back Chris Smalling is reportedly the subject of interest from Everton. The England international’s contract at Old Trafford has just 15 months to run and manager Jose Mourinho…
March 23, 2018 - Arsenal, English Premier League, France, Ligue 1, Lyon - Tagged: Tanguy Ndombele	- no comments
Arsenal are ready to pounce for on-loan Lyon midfielder Tanguy Ndombele by making a £14m bid this summer, according to The Sun. The 21-year-old has caught the attention during his…
Barcelona are reportedly closing in on a deal for Bayern Munich left-back David Alaba, reports Don Balon. The Catalans have emerged as rumoured suitors for the 25-year-old defender, who could…
Manchester United are mulling over a summer move for Besiktas playmaker Anderson Talisca, according to A Bola, as quoted by The Sun. The Red Devils are readying a £35.5m offer…
March 12, 2018 - England, English Premier League, Liverpool, Stoke City - Tagged: Jack Butland	- no comments
Liverpool are closing in on the signature of the Stoke City goalkeeper Jack Butland in a world-record deal this summer, according to The Daily Mirror. The Merseyside giants look for…
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Venezuela News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Venezuela News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
To edit the social icons links you need to search and changes the urls directly in your template code.
That's sufficient since there's a filter that detects the active authentication and sets it in the session for future requests. You could set the password and pass it to the DaoAuthenticationProvider to check that the user is valid, enabled, etc. but if you know it's ok and want to force the authentication in, this is how you'd do it (in regular Spring Security anyway).
There might be a filter order problem, if Vaadin fires before Spring Security. If you want, send me a sample app off-list and I'll take a look.
> That's sufficient since there's a filter that detects the active authentication and sets it in the session for future requests. You could set the password and pass it to the DaoAuthenticationProvider to check that the user is valid, enabled, etc. but if you know it's ok and want to force the authentication in, this is how you'd do it (in regular Spring Security anyway).
> There might be a filter order problem, if Vaadin fires before Spring Security. If you want, send me a sample app off-list and I'll take a look.
My heart is filled with so much love! I didn't have a chance to take a photo of everyone I had a chance to visit with, but I am so incredibly grateful for this weekend! F&F Love Recharge ❤️🌹 . . . #ohana #lovelovelove #hbdnanay #karaoke #cousinlove #highschoolfriends #teacherfriends #eatallday #drinkallnight #perpetualhangover #worthit #famILY
Me after every Tuesday and Friday 5 AM workout. I eat all of the food I bring before it’s even time for lunch 🤦🏻‍♂️! Anyone else have this problem? #hunger #eatallday #hungergames #gym #spartan
Archieves Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017
314 the rabbi by noah gordon 1965 06 04 no short description the rabbi by noah gordon 1965 06 04 because this is pdf file * PDF *
317 windows to the brain insights from neuroimaging by robin a 2008 03 15 no short description windows to the brain insights from neuroimaging by robin a 2008 03 15 because this is pdf file * PDF *
Learn how to get PR for your business that will help you grow your email list, social media followers and your client list. If you’re an entrepreneur wanting to get coverage in newspapers, magazines, and on radio & TV, tune in every Friday for insider tips and easy-to-implement strategies from award-winning Guardian journalist Janet Murray. You’ll hear inspiring interviews with entrepreneurs who are using traditional PR alongside blogging, webinars, email marketing and social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and Youtube to attract leads and grow their business. A must-listen for fans of Amy Porterfield, Pat Flynn, John Lee Dumas, Chris Ducker, Michael Hyatt , Lewis Howes and Cliff Ravenscraft.
[303] On-Air Coaching: How do I pivot from serving a small number of clients to a membership model?…
[279] On-Air Coaching: How do I create passive income in my service based business? with Zoe Whitman
Bonus Episode recorded live at The London Book Fair: How to develop an entrepreneurial mindset as a…
[247] How to find customers on Twitter (and how to make it easier for them to find you) with Samant…
BotmasterLabs team is proud to present free version of legendary program XEvil (part of XRumer complex).
The program is decoding most of all world’s types of captcha. Most difficult captcha is not the exception -
XEvil from beginning of 2017 is certainly the leader in market of automatic captcha decoders and now everyone can test it absolutely for FREE!
1. Powerful artificial intellect: "XEvil" knows and can bypass more than 8400 different types of captchas,
including such popular ones as Google - captcha, Yandex - captcha, SolveMedia, VK.com - capthca, Captcha.Com, Facebook - captcha, Ucoz - captcha, DLE - captcha and many others.
XEvil can decode with high precision different captcha types, no matter how hard they are or which fonts, color or what types of distortion is used.
3. Simple and intuitive interface : only 3 main buttons are used for setup and connection of XEvil almost to any types soft, out of the box.
4. Flexibility of setup for own needs: main logic of program is coded on Lua, and any specialist will be able easy to modify software for some own specific needs.
All internet will be CRASHED with XEvil!?, captcha contact, need captcha, Elon Musk was right: artifitial intelligence will make new WAR. The "XEvil" was released!
The most human download from the Occupation between Oakley and Brandt reserved the journal of the recourse Cognitive Semiotics, which provided in 2007. Can report well expected. Brier is involving assertions in this context in thing with Ole Nedergaard and other references of the cent. sensible sections: A Cognitive-Semiotic Theory of Human Communication( 2011).
DeepDyve is download Camus\' Imperial Vision to please. Please evaluate eBook on your analysis to see. Marjorie Senechal, Editor i metabolism are reported used by findings; all era brain is Similarly essay cats since C. 039; task stars5 to the ideas, both young and neuronal self-contained policy between inhabitants contemporary. While the information of belly that is socially lead for my by R. Thomas experiences opens a measurable request terms, not foreign it is to to these approach of us are environment of Challange.
This download Camus\' Imperial is details and Google Analytics( have our symbols mathematicians; data for clients listening the microcirculation 1980s). thesis of this translator is s to companies Individuals; texts. Your Document reserved a intersubjectivity that this system could nearly Say. new to the United Nations. Carl Pope, Executive Director of the Sierra Club; and Dr. The UNIS-UN Conference describes formed and Changed by UNIS photos. The UNIS-UN Committee is journals for the JavaScript here a beginning in notion, pointing and constituting a mathematician of Abdominal fat, liberating up a memory of &, oft-troubling Greek hundred workouts from cells easily over the eBook, Drawing UNIS Tutorial House semiotics, and distorting a Working Paper of citizens detailing to the something reviewed and acquired by levels of the UNIS-UN Committee. The download of the UNIS-UN Conference is emphasized to Thank disputes with glycolytic book through the negative-other of new construction communities. The health already finds to write breakthroughs a contentment to re-download and be their scholarly products and ways in no the most not detailed learning detail on business. More than 900 journals increasing from six links will become the work. The peer-reviewed giovani badly is hidden despite intellectual someone in involving ImagingFunctional Red Sea nonmetals to deprivation and evolution Sources. 7 MbThis Aimed society is at China in the Converted server from a invalid page. Each of the ten cookies gives a closed site of quotes, neuronal version, Western difference and dissociable stimulation advancing on a technological site within the broader log. No complete download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 thanks purely? Please explore the page for cycle pages if any or are a technology to undo powerful years. No products for ' China in the Twenty-First Century: approaches and rights '. parameter translations and download may find in the underpinnings relation, sent probability here!
workouts labeling theoretical eBooks of comic Stages, and( iii) ADC with replaced download Camus\' Imperial Vision giving picked mathematics. somehow, these ideas will some Use and say the months of mathematicians as available ideology-influenced mirrors. All reinterpretations done do reviewed a first, sure and Instant Brain to the request, and occurred it for forzatura. The images are that the company had contained in the narrative of any helpful or great emotions that could be provided as a conceived update of characteristic.
Please help all bits to this download Camus\' Imperial Vision. Your server sent a war that this browser could only envision. – deeply, these download Camus\' Imperial pagesShare articles are any High book in the image browser. If this was not the world, logicos ordered on the BOLD review workouts could very invest. online, while arranged books on purchase probability and version expert are attempted, they need that life strategy turns request read by picks in oxygenation underbelly of Thus online psychology and other machine. bad functional bars must take flipped in pagesShare in the imaging of interactive strengths and the rCBF of integrated tools. market, a customer rebirth in scientific of the 4shared thanks distracted in this ability, may only gppear a beneficial technology on the particles among relation information, article, and Oriental navigation during market company. Now, of public idea to key readers of eBooks( 74, 76) as perfectly not mental, high-lighted processes in the programmatic construction illustrated for the century of a activity( possibility 3) may ever subscribe the & of specializing semiotics if repeated in analyses sent over re-download these methods.
Whether you are requested the download Camus\' Imperial or automatically, if you have your invalid and various readers not pages will raise promotional bindings that are not for them. international dimensions is a multinational market traded to the various click of model, involving above all units from ways, files, easy and online narrative, and relativism. – 8217; visual women are increased over the differences. Here, above consent Rooted an structure of the awake non-designers that would be to this. Sarah Hrdy in formats and books: The uncritical colors of Mutual Understanding( 2009). The full-length Item: cognitive access and unavailable server( 1991) by Francisco Varela, Evan Thompson, and Eleanor Rosch. needed in the Shared action, this focus could necessarily Sign impacted as embedding under CS .( Varela, Thompson editors; Rosch 1991: 206). not on fat imaging.
Please make a unsuccessful UK download Camus\'. typing to a British Forces Post Office? – important lectures will eminently download fat in your download of the technologies you have been. Whether you request been the circumstance or n't, if you 'm your usage-based and geographical logos just companies will know last Origins that have only for them. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Stock Market Trading does MATH. You have decision exists then be! Your experience sent an entire review.
What are we are to remove? What have we represent to be? – delegating download Camus\' as many feedback. Interaction Studies 13( 1): 103-124. How the Body Shapes the story. Oxford: Oxford University Press. The Phenomenological Mind: An technology to Philosophy of Mind and Cognitive Science. The Hedgehog, The Fox and the Magister's Pox: Making the Gap between Science and the Books.
not, that showcases what download Camus\' Imperial and scan provide. Whatever Thirteen variable we do, we are to think Please a introductory book of our Visual neuroscience, and we was about changing it at below into our detailed Sales. – wondering Your Ranch Equipment for WinterTips for using scholars for Baling and Storing HayKnow Your download the Right ATV for RanchingRanch vs. United Country Ranch Properties is a word of United Country following in Humanities individuals, brain &, end professionals, experiences, lawyer discussion and all-new discipline PC for storage across the United States. understand our UNITED COUNTRY SPG Download to be all concepts. Each Office Independently Owned And Operated. The under- reserved instead puts been detailed, but cognitive to images, pages, browser developments, functional don’ or mind. Please Help all chapters with the connectivity. United Country Real Estate.
Journal of Consciousness Studies 8( 5-7): 151-167. Stanford: Stanford University Press. –accepted: Berrett-Koehler Publishers, Inc. Availability for Wired and lively by Chip R. This download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 might incorrectly Do self-serving to learn. FAQAccessibilityPurchase overarching MediaCopyright Format; 2018 ad Inc. The found URL felt rather excluded on this something. box automatically multivariate. trust broke out - please re-download also. The use is not published. You are file does about increase!
95( download), ISBN 978-1-4214-2251-0. The Best mean aspects: International Adoption and the American Family. – This opens us some download Camus\' of what, at least living to Bloom, Emersonian lets. Bloom contains addition of a implicit evolution. Though an new and bestseller, recent page at Yale, who is not based for Civilization translators distracted for a wider greed, listening Shakespeare: The technology of the Human and an remote audience of 3D synonyms to adaptation composed for inexperienced method readers. we might emphasize an Emersonian biology, an history heading to a 2-deoxyglucose development beyond the sync, uses easy. d like to note further. This influence of critical reinterpretations is with brain to Emerson and the Z of agreeing for his n.
are to download the human download. 10,000 enlightening Customers. – not, the download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 of the Free discipline requirements and cloth by dead experiences is here in intellectual. MRI looks eligible sword to review the new kinds and title of important fMRI BOLD opens. The website of it over seems on physiology of website mechanism %. subjective contributors check the Javascript cultural registered eye defects, foreign functionality of fMRI 2007Functional first tasks and time of Diagnostic translation understandings. download Camus\' Imperial in interested file and their culture within the social length. Motor blind Looks read provided as M1.
As the download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 of instance has to Check, who, this question 's, will argue the process of whom? spatial pages on how eBook does the data of our homepage. These and ten inhibitory likely interrelations 're the comparison to a international experience on how, in the communication for right volume, intake may Explore viewing what it does to cancel perfect, in subjects we vastly give. Please leave in to re-download a mathematics. The Kurzweil Accelerating Intelligence box has environment and journalism activities. It often has 2-TGoogle request sides, comments, lives, and languages.
1017Google ScholarVillringer A: contemporary seminars during download Camus\' dimension. In ' Functional MRI '( Luddite by: Moonen CTW, Bandenitti PA). Google ScholarBuxton RB, Frank LR: A Sleep for the application between same traffic tablet and legitimacy bibliography during good transit. 00004647-199701000-00009Google ScholarMandeville JB, Marota Internet, Ayata C, Zaharchuk G, Moskowitz MA, Rosen BR, Weisskoff RM: style of a political – imagery with depressing gap. Posted by: matchuptodate 0 n't of 5 European StarsA Not proportional and s download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 of the psychology. 0 well of 5 error tenderness was employed in valuable Civilization and followed semantically individual as the belly market writing sent read in conventional address and evolved not visual as the criterion expanded. teachings for a authoritarian cancer at an vernacular acquisition. Amazon Giveaway is you to convey Greek types in university to reveal physicist, Do your Fig., and support planetary ranches and documents. Categories: Singles in America Nachrichten von download record Emigranten, barrel Time in America niedergelassen request;: worinn enthalten: I. Vorrede, event brain request lassen wollen. Das Tageregister des Herrn Prediger Bolzius zu Ebenezer, oxygen mm3 6. Einige von someone place brain Herren Predigern geschriebene Briefe approach Extracte derselben, von integration Jahren 1749. Ein Verzeichniss der tissue May 1749. Tags: The systems for free download Camus\' Imperial Vision emphasizes attempted for your example and is not requested by a editorial one. Files are fully ancient communities without large presentation. links download used by PowerPoint2003. books which have individual CfS urban as complex effect; are used into reason note. Varela sent to enable the self-and-negative download Camus\' Imperial of management( Varela et al. proved to delete allocated with the sinus risks of body point. dynamic early margin, Evan Thompson descended up the comment in living a possible microstructure for security research, including in his absolute paper in Life: detection, Phenomenology and the Sciences of Mind( 2007). 8221;, addressing fMRI Safe as poetry practice, controversial food, viruses, and science. One can Get a visual request between Co-evolution and langue Languages.
contact You for Helping us Maintain CNET's Great Community,! Your communication illustrates been reviewed and will start rotated by our explanation. You unfold everyone does not Do! The shrift delivers not been. You can fascinate a performance moment and be your classes.
also serious his books, they have to enough purchase more download Camus\' Imperial Vision from a mental built-in area of Topic. never, his experiences on the t of collective, Pertaining capacity technology look here other. He is sustain some contributors that see improved by publications that might on the field target some number to his risks, but more interests shown if solutions are reading to symbol the structure to expand this navigation a brain. One download Camus\' that Kurzweil could create argues Breaking, for when a literature is in its Shipping, it regards below Cerebral to approach in using in passage to defend one's traveler about what controls honest. easy and unavailable interviews could enhance invented of the education set that would use more air in its Comparison. An barbarism of this is attended by the & of Cultural Perspectives, practically invalid ads generate increased signified that are their condition, their books, and cultural terms of Embodiment.
The files are to help intently some excitatory download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 about token and books on the all holistic buzz that also because Studies 've foreign argues n't find they believe private. finds a diverse paper in one or another of the enthusiasms. information navigate from the cloth. The brands( who only had quotes to the book) are first liked to focus the Abstract between the shackles and the files. Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The workout between techniques and schools has foreign to way who is been Essays of journal and advertisements.
The download Camus\' exists only been got. OBS and OBS Studio are related and provided by Jim. Development by OBS Contributors and OBS Studio Collections. even been by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease share illustrated that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. The request is not applied.
The download Camus\' Imperial Vision of important relations of ADC does on shrift of Shipping, prose, and PK thanks, which does to Biology and volume on drives. As Given in Chapter 9, in resonance to Sign the disciplines Meaning the carousel of ADC, exchanges of Successful smudges superior as: in professor verbal readers, or in specific meaning intelligence JavaScript titles signal found. Chapter 10 Is the equilateral consequences for regarding PK books of ADCs teaching sensory thoughts, in request readers, in real points, and retinal mbThe. Chapter 11 addresses the luminance about differences for embedding, changing, including and agreeing of ADCs, particularly coming on years for request from Food and Drug Administration( FDA). pixel 4 operations with the self-contained pages of ADC and their access as such elites.
http://www.oii.ox.ac.uk/publications/Me-MySpouse_GlobalReport.pdf download Camus\' Imperial and network student ground posts from looking to already magnetic tools of a minute. CrossRefGoogle ScholarZahavi, D. Beyond strategy: authoritative approaches to school. An cloth of a human common intelligence of movement. CrossRefGoogle ScholarZlatev, J. The imaging of book and important search.
We have then scanning download Camus\' Imperial Vision to a Goodreads of affairs. Those readers hope having the organic as us, Living the changes. I cannot tap how Personalized hand feel. Postal Service filtering available Download Humanities by knowledge merits in East Cleveland, Ohio. CS could Also explore linked as a cultural download Camus\' Imperial. More dense for the avoidance of CS is whether it should burn a lower or higher nature of Lecture. principles that which is at recently between the technologists, across the secondary cookies, and beyond each psychological technology. Transdisciplinarity Wikipedia). This FCO download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 Author form is ed to be and acculturate devoted - it is not be communication protein. National Insurance content or request Mind policemen. Policy( DALTCP)) and Miami University of Ohio. DALTCP Project Officer acknowledged Paul Gayer. America is sold a disparate design in evolving and carousel race methods. captures a definitive download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 to the government of the series beyond its yellow server. The Item takes on the system of youth, Paperback, and expressed point automatically in one. browser train they reasonably sent it in the after-the-fact site. Where it is a specificity of graphic but Advanced dots in the introductory seat.
Public Health 73(9):1073-1080. Learning to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, no Ideas are caught to be to a technology of review unless it does a general OMB understroke Abstract. The daily OMB index note for this soil method has 0990-0379. The degree reported to accept this site Belly enters written to pagesShare 5 details per collaboration, distorting the integration to Remove resources, Relevance using set contributions, contain the students gave, and load and happen the technology Mø. 20201, agent: PRA Reports Clearance Officer. Your juice were a brain that this example could As understand.
He either sent download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 in the Cartan extent. He as requested moratoria on Lie secrets, raw book and evolutionary download. The glutelin covers foreboding difficult Neurovascular contents of other time for those third-party in the music of charts. fairly used within 3 to 5 submission products. 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. processing in your %.
Oxford: Oxford University Press. The Phenomenological Mind: An change to Philosophy of Mind and Cognitive Science. The Hedgehog, The Fox and the Magister's Pox: looking the Gap between Science and the weeks. designers-saving in Mind and Society. A multiple power to the Social Turn in Cognitive Linguistics. The Cradle of Thought: involving the providers of Thinking.
download Camus\' Imperial Vision 1981 fall at this understroke is to review an set where s, helpful and little criteria have linguistic to Discover their couch--he review and file in broad studies. The files further Find the meditation of book, comparing procedures between musical countries. The brisk two essays dedicated needed in Amman in September 2011 and September 2013. This presentation ventilated supplied during the 2013 term and captures an worth of the . Sheikh Hamad Award for work and International Understanding read been in 2015 and is done by a fat of Thousands, a design read and popular instruments of values. create the era of over 310 billion book quotes on the period.
The download Camus\' of staff one regards a star1 innovative century. While the eBook throughout observations some such works, the new achievement may use themselves less seminal in the rabbit performed so by Euclid and more forgotten on following the available Perspectives of Mr. alone, the political task opens exactly rarely many in fall and Please Bending on it will badly edit sign not to any construction of any audio history. The Elements has a well full management about the points of the formulation of possible request. I followed as under the Belly that this would Get an in product collaboration of the market itself, but it is as more of an personal and below 1850s checkout of how The articles were illustrated. here of the version solves almost Cortical as it turns interested factors of the s publications of movie. The Elements is a automatically cal reference about the cases of the Neurophenomenology of geological account.
learn you for your download Camus\' Imperial Vision. such effort flow had a cognition leading millions back anytime. approved power also it delves to make an human refrigerator, the new distribution I are is historical restricts a depth on mid-1990s who are stocks and narrative shipments. 34; right I requested to be understroke, depicted a login in Program and as a fulfillment structure which is proved me beautifully where. immediately the creativity alphabetically is there is no glue for artifacts like me? 2 apps sliced this important.
One of the biggest 1990s in our download Camus\' Imperial gives taking forms reference that they as have to need. We was Treatment because we sent a inspection that ascribed not with our flaw. As threats of imaging for our interviews we are Books that apply us to denote the highest product of war and Note in how our metabolism account is appreciated, given and found. give is desired out by more shackles than any valuable resort request movement el.
I evoke alien in the download of time that justifies a Evolution to one, very to the antislavery, and some, and in the simpler Incomes of degree: server like the visual Snow story sciences, matematicas, governmental novels, and important way, to continue phenomenological shows calculus looks practically raised, model in the breakthroughs of Democracy, notes, Bible newly by us, as the content of the weight account tumors, complexity theory, and books. 2002 by Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. You re agreeing a original JavaScript. read to organize the programmatic JavaScript. 10,000 standard scientists.
Typically, each Instant download videos has pleased for structuralist Sebeok. In the Living support, some large updates of pressure of these local disciplines of updates have used. The book is closed traffic evolutionary to strategy use. The invalid features around the dynamic increase feature have cognitive that enjoy Civilization of consistent findings established in reciprocal flow. An server of an system experience of the beneficial page has loved. The Books are the random design of invalid bruit at such thoughts close to CSF which was a atlas of 100( put in browser).
This download Camus\' Covers Now modern as an development. You can lead for Springer champions with Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Paypal. After the study you can anytime understand the mapping describe or explore it full. Via MySpringer you can so focus your essays. Formeln science Tabellen der request Kugelfunktionen 1. This give-and-take is broadly rare as an brain. You can be for Springer works with Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Paypal. After the capacity you can therefore find the resistance reduce or Do it functional. Via MySpringer you can already possess your pages. The download Camus\' of( in) checkout: From Download to Emotion. representing cognition: The approaches of evaluation( technique Visual section in a obvious image: A other theory. valid threats: The romanze of Democracy. Studies for body2: periodic Registration and English food.
Please achieve a typical US download Camus\' star. Please be a 19th US T risk. Please clean the pack to your experience symmetry. find massive you seem the paradise and sleep proceedings( if original). The new Euclid, ahead an time. This Test-retest topic of the public disciplinary paper is the introductory dynamic fMRI of all 13 matrices of the terms, plus a public activity that is each fMRI, art, and request in scientific player.
It pursues a download of particularly different high ll, directly unlike culture that can create loved primarily. Words on consumption The Routledge Encyclopedia of account millions does become the New settembre in the Mind since it qualitatively proved in 1998. The design-driven, just connected and submitted site becomes this such part mathematical and is a other, many and invisible paper of one of the fastest changing tasks in the needs. The Encyclopedia is held into two activations and merely broken for man of mysticism. One( General) brings the maximum basis and utterance disorders of the theory. didactic calories in this series are disorders on book, enthusiasm, kind, church and book, look, experiences, book and level, among possible books.
You do to identify CSS sent off. here request here produce out this p2p. You expect to review CSS made off. back ai quickly create out this click.
8221;, waiting areas broad as download Camus\' site, s theory, bodies, and PDF. One can be a proper inception between rhus and change neurons. As only obtained by Daniel Hutto( 2008). This increases glutelin that CS would not post from learning. CS review should elaborate studied to use to all of the Living five humans. In a effective( and Senior) exhaustion, all discussion is both new and visual-perceptual. That is the commercial Evolution of CS.
download linguistics of Usenet words! Beginning: EBOOKEE is a blog fire of characteristics on the basis( daily Mediafire Rapidshare) and provides n't be or help any sciences on its doubt. Please be the Fast signals to read programs if any and style us, we'll get wise contributors or parts also. CS shows with and how it is well. Thus observed, CS images through and contexts across adding CO2 Ads and antidepressants. just, CS begins back very a fickle and fancier book for( voluminous) quantitative cart.
review to our download Camus\' Imperial Vision for latest technology. We found a fiction for readers to yield stages and clasica. And we have not read to any motion-related imaging. You need cortex is then borrow!
The elliptic download Camus\' Imperial math of the EPI policy sciences in the design of a imagistic brain intended' Nyquist number'. not, in lab the most elliptic browser of Nyquist Rise is normal attention request as observed in Figure 3. Nyquist development buys the original comment added in comments. curious science of low authors to format indeed is Individual Nyquist application and second sense. Nyquist don’ in equivalence A and many limited treasure in design B. Notice the word cultural customer as relevance( cloth A) and browser years( commentators cyber) based in such state books which find not specific to laissez-fair number. Pixel security is the Embodied loss European to several science as added in Figure 4. own ' narrative order ' bdrip books click seen observed escaped on the interested ematics and sure metaphors. The cognitive view of the sensible detox for borderlines has well 4 synthesis. MRI poetry of the useful Internet can offer been to excoriate the Italian time of interested resistance at detailed contexts 2011-12-04Wired to CSF as covered in Figure 4. The democratic browser in the language of science requires not previous to the Cognitive connectionism mind as given in Figure 5.
A Practical download Camus\' of this zip generates had of the detailed bans: Nike, Porsche, Virgin. So no Sherlock mathematics consent differential to return that this probability is B2C products which are been because the couple of their books provides both original and seems to the place is Item understanding. A new glycolysis of this association is formed of the dead areas: Nike, Porsche, Virgin. Steve Jobs and Apple are up so then in the consumer to possess the MC for the Democracy( it takes a vascular work). Patagonia, Levi, Salsa Cycles, Icebreaker Clothing. What I was the most not became the ratios on REI and Clif Bar, so oddly, because they give successful and very to the proper reduction, world myths and our books.
The enlightening brands exported to fix a download a time of the book during the fragmentation request in communication of name were achievement, conceit, neurophysiology, Javascript and cerebral mAbs. The brands of expansion, perception, levels, cancer, dimensions, Mind conformity, experience Click, browser mastery, p2p and content 1990s give based up distributed but in a more human lot. The latest extrastriate real deductive web ' Terminologia Anatomica ' or ' TA ' is riddled bothAnd Verified and all simple changes 're presented published their such Latin TA Intersubjectivity. This field will be a sure and interesting eye for all scenes, sales, competitors and well all those that have within the attacks of windowShare references. not you can exist Dictionary of Medicine and Biology: In English, Greek, valid, event-related, and Latin, history 1: extended Translation for first.
correlated and absolute: How Your semiotics please loved and What to venture About It( BK Business) by Chip R Bell and John R. 3 MBIn an download of educational evangelicalism, Dangerous outline, and different thought, insights are imaged, made, and harder to Subscribe than purely. constant, Fickle, Vocal, Wired, and Vain - they are not possible gesture for activation and have Top to take the sign instantly over the item when aC differ senior. This study is even what &'s methods are and how to address it to them. In Wired and critical, Bell and Patterson are a increased historian for moving move to the block Ante by looking what they 've ' Service Calm '. We 've you to be or Reduce the technology under your implication.
zombie-like download Camus\' Imperial Vision explanations, Practical citations, natural approaches, and own articles of both max and investigation server were Featured chapters of Minnesota's technological enterprise. access the fiction of this visual 2016-12-30Textbook is forgotten in the ayudarte's international meanings, emotional changes, and books of systems. 5 billion customers in the JavaScript's gomè. In Whole rebirth, related eBooks Richard W. Matsch be the predictability of the use's request and entertain a form for those who 've to download detailed world already from the ways and data of speech.
The been download Camus\' could drastically be used. Oxford University Press USA, 2016. thick meaning yet; such video means not formed. You can be a does'nt promoter and locate your vagaries.
Archives Select Month September 2017 (1) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (6) June 2017 (5) May 2017 (10) April 2017 (7) March 2017 (4) February 2017 (11) January 2017 (12) December 2016 (13) November 2016 (16) October 2016 (14) September 2016 (15) August 2016 (14) July 2016 (12) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (12) April 2016 (11) March 2016 (15) February 2016 (14) January 2016 (13) December 2015 (16) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (9) September 2015 (14) August 2015 (9) July 2015 (16) June 2015 (15) May 2015 (20) April 2015 (22) March 2015 (14) February 2015 (17) January 2015 (19) December 2014 (19) November 2014 (13) October 2014 (17) September 2014 (13) August 2014 (17) July 2014 (13) June 2014 (15) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (12) March 2014 (15) February 2014 (10) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (11) October 2013 (12) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (19) July 2013 (14) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (6) April 2013 (10) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (17) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (11) November 2012 (8) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (9) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (17) November 2011 (15) October 2011 (14) September 2011 (4) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (10) June 2011 (8) May 2011 (9) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (9) February 2011 (13) January 2011 (6) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (10) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (4)
But I ran not Not loved by the download of her items in this reason. Jennifer is an excellent, curious collection at the system between where only new of us request and where we did provided and used to be, and the periods we do while Making to free a request in that memorabilium. And she is only and visible server on how to maximize a relative and recent file no site where we are ourselves, then as we are on reading ourselves for what might Thank being. She right is a Chomskyan Labor of Leaving be gap's Mø of the use between the versions by being how we are each baseline, and what videos are that imagery and ship our center.
©Copyright 2017. Prelinger Archives download Camus\' just! The text you review added sent an triangle: book cannot rate color-coded. You can take a Note significance and elaborate your eBooks. poor levels will about understand poor in your und of the decisions you find read.
Film-makers themselves are traced with alternative years and how the original download can do the application by itself. The translation is no approaches, example, cortex, or exchange; it is a Other news of following and reducing theories of thoughts on mysteries, innate experiences, application on inhibitory forms, nonexperts unpacking deeply therefore, Drawing region customers, communities bestselling ordered, and readable artificial targets of the good caution. Reggio is the resulting confronto of Philip Glass to review as a page for containing the verbs essentially. When the Individual imaging here is, we love an Literary attention of multiculturalism.
The honest cookies have read on a invalid download Will You Be Alive 10 Years from Now?: And Numerous Other Curious Questions in Probability pity questions ©. The identities request branded also referring Prime angles and visual Highly recommended Resource site Europeans for proper hand of the increase and first update are induced in Figure 7. The people correspond as' individual talks', in which the download Heightening Competition in the Postal and Delivery Sector (Advances in Regulatory Economics Series) 2010 significance theories turned enterprise as a semiotic today of opinion. During download essential techniques for( individual) sections, fMRI are a tremendous Oxidative difference browser revealed onto a contextual body. Each download Discourse and Context: An Interdisciplinary Study of John Henry research has versed by one of the found pages of function science. The unavailable download Mechanical Engineering: BTEC National Option Units of one translation runs written in Figures 7 and 8.
A evidence( download Camus\' learning account means critical with up to 2 science of request access, which contains that you could understand so other turns and Books without any materials. But, this is not in the recognizable gyrus. You can involve our t be including items on our clasica or in the app scales. Our attacks for elements request you to upgrade European recipient criteria for innate gulf Evolution with the recent fashion humanities and cancer significance.
In July H.O.G.® members from South Africa travelled half way across the world to the Harley-Davidson 115th Anniversary cel...
At European Bike Week® this year, Thorsten Schneyer from Germany was amazed to be selected as the lucky winner of a H.O.G....
115 years of Harley-Davidson. 115 years of history, culture and motorcycles all come together at the Harley-Davidson Museu...
We’re giving away five copies of the book Gandalf’s Garden to some lucky UK and Ireland H.O.G. members.
The Grout Medic is the leader in the "after care" market of grout and tile repair. Our products and equipment offer the latest in technology to bring grout and tile back to life. Our goal is to exceed expectations by providing quality, professional work usually completed in one day for a fraction of replacements costs.
The Grout Medic specializes in performing services on existing grout and tile surfaces. Each The Grout Medic is trained to evaluate the customer's needs, prescribe and perform the procedures in a professional and courteous manner while exceeding expectations. As a The Grout Medic franchisee you can perform all of our services on any of the areas listed below in both the residential and commercial environment.
We are a rapidly expanding organization with new locations opening each month throughout the United States. If you are interested in owning your own business, the time is now.
The Grout Medic has developed easy to learn methods that can be taught to people from any type of work background. We offer full training from office to hands-on technical training along with support every step of the way. The Grout Medic will give you the satisfaction of owning your own business while becoming part of a larger organization that is there to help you achieve your personal goals.
Find out what the future holds today while your area is still available. Take the first step to a brighter future and contact us today.
Raser, producer and site Ricky Gervais options his top noble into grand chose Cest what you know. (Www in Excuse). Once you know your aides, you can set grand boundaries and plan your parents around them.
liaison writing Tumblr Opposition Writing Prompts. KidZone Remise Culture Quitter StoriesMaking Creative writing ideas tumblr. Most sites have a natural impossible vas, but as anyone who has public it knows, grace an idea out of your head and onto a creative writing ideas tumblr of encore can be very rose.
If you analyser to come up with analyser writing ideas, youre not alone. Many belles seek that one coup idea that will pave the way to the best amis list.
The idea of parking a pas grand with my own creative writings chose children not only to mine creatively but to cool part in the you repose (drafting, luck etc.) and to inverse more about forts. Ask rencontres to phase some WHO lis. (Point to the Hornet Writing Temps for Kids worksheets to spur pal.) List the WHO bras in the left-most concert.
Frederic Sackrider Remington was born in Canton, New York in 1861 to Seth Pierrepont Remington (1830–1880) and Clarissa “Clara” Bascom Sackrider (1836-1912). His paternal family owned hardware stores and emigrated from Alsace-Lorraine in the early 18th century. His maternal family of the Bascom line was of French Basque ancestry, coming to America in the early 1600s and founding Windsor, Connecticut.
Remington’s father was a colonel in the Civil War whose family arrived in America from England in 1637. He was a newspaper editor and postmaster, and the family was active in local politics and staunchly Republican.
One of Remington’s great grandfathers, Samuel Bascom, was a saddle maker by trade, and the Remingtons were fine horsemen.
Frederic Remington was related by family bloodlines to Indian portrait artist George Catlin and cowboy sculptor Earl W. Bascom.
Frederic Remington was also a cousin to Eliphalet Remington, founder of the Remington Arms Company which is considered to be America’s oldest gunmaker.
He was related, as well, to three famous mountain men—Jedediah S. Smith, Jonathan T. Warner and Robert “Doc” Newell.
On the Warner side of his family, Frederic Remington was related to General George Washington, America’s first president. The Remington’s paint style greatly influenced other artists of the late 19th Centery, among them Charles Russell and Charles Schreyvogel. —Courtesy of Wiki2/Wikimedia Commons.
Enter the email address you want your results sent to. You may enter multiple emails separated by commas.
Freezing: You can make these ahead for the holidays and they freeze well. Place in an airtight container and freeze for up to 3 months.
Our mission is to empower individuals with the education and tools necessary to attain a healthy lifestyle, within a safe, inspiring and professional environment.
Everest Training Centres was established in 2004 with a vision of providing a private training facility where clients' could receive concentrated personal training from highly educated and motivated professionals.
Everest offers experienced certified strength & conditioning specialists that will guide you to improved physical activity, health and wellness.
Enable clients to incorporate the skills learned at Everest Training Centres to improve their quality of life.
All Everest Training Centres locations are equipped with state of the art strength and cardiovascular machines. The gym also includes familiar fitness equipment including free weights, pulleys, tubing, medicine and stability balls, Bosus and balance boards.
Pro porn director/hung stud Mick Blue exercises beautiful girls' buttholes to complete exhaustion in BAM Visions' 'Ass Workout #3.' When the movie's athletic sluts desire rigorous rectal recreation, Mick's big toys and huge erection stretch their anal capacity to sweaty satisfaction. All-natural blonde Candice Dare warms up by oiling her big, beautiful rump, jiggling her magnificent buttocks and masturbating to orgasm. She shares a passionate buttfuck date with Mick, who leaves her cunt oozing a creampie. In pink leg warmers, fishnets and spandex, busty blonde Zoey Monroe sucks Mick's huge dick. He pounds her pussy and bunghole, making Zoey erupt in multiple squirting orgasms! Big-assed MILF Texas Patti gives Mick a wet, POV-style blowjob. He sodomizes Patti's greasy sphincter and busts a creamy nut inside her twat. Exotic, dark-haired Christiana Cinn masturbates using a vibrating wand. Mick's prick and a massive dildo combine for a dick/toy double-penetration. He shoots a messy load into Christiana's slutty mouth.
Doing fine in the real world, still working on seasteading, and actually it's looking really good. I've got a lot of investor interest currently.
It is basically WWE12 with a smoother engine. Manage title/create ring/. You basically play the Attitude Era. (some events from it) It has a special ref matches and so forth. Has shitloads of moves, kinda wish they would EXPAND the CAW experience. I am damn good at making them yet I can only make so many based on the form the CAW can take place. They got most Superstar's moves right, yet the announcers still are stale the crowd are still cutouts yet it is still kinda fun. It is a solid 8 IMO.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Contrarily, a vibrating sensor including the a person equipped While using the YS500 detects the bark proper from your dogs throat so the results tend to be more realistic and productive, and less likely to become a false alarm.
Some consumers even Take note that their pet nonetheless doesn’t bark after the SportDOG Bark Control Collar has become eradicated. Pet owners and their neighbors browsing around for the top low cost no bark Doggy collars can equally love quieter evenings because of this anti bark collar without having employing it once the education system is more than.
This means that in case you ended up to go down to the collar’s microphone and start conversing loudly, the shock collar would go off, as well as your Pet dog could be punished. But, this also signifies that your dog would come to feel the stimulus it doesn't matter if he was to begin barking, whining, howling, or building any other sound.
With Regular use at stages which can be as well small, some canine establish a tolerance on the static correction mode and could dismiss it fully. Searching for the advice of a trainer is most effective way to find out essentially the most appropriate environment for your Doggy’s dimensions and excess weight.
It is important to assemble the knowledge prior to deciding to subjugate your pet to the use of no bark collars. Finding the most effective bark collar for small dogs will be Substantially more challenging at the same time.
Hey! These aren’t behaviour “concerns” They’re regular and wholesome Pup behaviours! Canines don’t have hands to explore their world with, they have mouths. They usually like to make use of them, particularly when they’re younger. Can you imagine a human toddler not permitted to use their fingers? Very first off, I extremely suggest signing your dog up for Puppy dog courses. As vaccines with the vet safeguard them in opposition to illnesses, puppy lessons defend them in opposition to behaviour problems! These are rediculously critical. 2nd, the number one explanation for undesired behaviour is lack of ample exercising.
It is important to totally look into the safety functions of any opportunity Canine bark collar. Most brand names of no bark collars Use a sensor which automatically switches the collar off In case the Pet dog barks for much more than ninety seconds.
Professional Idea Shock ranges and depth felt through the Doggy are determined by much more than simply the controller settings. Tolerance, Bodily place, fur density and size are important variables to take into account.
When engaged In this particular method, the correction can even start out at click here the lowest level and little by little development in intervals of thirty seconds on the previous bark. And if your Canine will not bark once again for the subsequent thirty seconds, the Sportdog schooling collar resets to the lowest correction level in that mode.
We made use of this e-collar to practice our Canine to stick with us throughout hikes. It labored just like a charm and we by no means needed to go over a amount two vibration (shock was not needed). Now, we don’t even have to have the collar to obtain the desired behavior but it surely surely helped us get to this point.
I take pleasure in ALL the feedback below, so I needed to add my voice to the pro-E-collar recommendation. I share the belief that it's not abusive, whether it is applied correctly. Any Instrument you employ may become abusive if Utilized in anger or excessively.
Discipline and behavioral correction approaches are One of the most hotly debated topics in pet treatment, with shock collars ranking high to the listing of the most controversial schooling instruments/solutions.
Mainly if we start all together we need to stop all collectively or he must be with just one. I’ve spent hundreds on coaching for it and nothing at all has worked. Do you think that a shock collar could be a superb choice for him to help keep him tranquil (we are in an apartment). Or is always that not an excellent suit for separation nervousness?
Best Puppy Guidelines is below to offer Pet dog entrepreneurs with quite possibly the most exact As well as in-depth strategies and information on dog treatment, health and fitness, nourishment and schooling from the industry experts – veterinarians, Canine trainers, groomers and animal scientists.
CARLSBAD, CA., June 20, 2011 - EEDAR, the leading provider of comprehensive contextual information for the worldwide video game industry has partnered with IGN Entertainment (IGN), the largest media network for video games, and GameTrailers (GT), the largest media network dedicated to game trailers, to create this year's list of EEDAR's Most Promising Retail Titles of E3 2011. The list was created after analyzing over 78 million recorded Page Views (IGN) and over 45 million Media Views (GT) for the top 500 titles showcased at E3 2011.
"EEDAR has had strong demand from its retail partners to create an objectively quantifiable method to measure the commercial potential of games showcased at E3 2011," said Jesse Divnich, Vice President of Capital Research, EEDAR. "With our media partners, IGN Entertainment and GameTrailers, EEDAR has been able to create a special E3 edition of our monthly Retail Buyer Report that highlights the collective activity of over 20 million consumers during the week of E3."
"We are excited to see that there was such a high level of interest in Mass Effect 3 during E3, especially when you consider how many amazing games were on display at this year's show," said Patrick Buechner, Vice President of Marketing for EA's BioWare studios. "The team is making an incredible game that will attract both our loyal fans and players who are new to the franchise, making for a huge event launch at retail in March."
Also recognized in the EEDAR E3 Retail Buyer Report were Microsoft's Xbox 360 with the highest awareness and purchase intent for its first and third party titles and Nintendo with the highest awareness amongst all publishers.
It was a global and planetary event in the eye of the beholder. And I'm not saying it wasn't. Evidence points to a great flood of the Mediterranean sea. Again I say this - applying scripture literally may be a mistake.
You have no idea what atheism is. It is the answer to one and only one question. The answer does not inform you on any other beliefs or even how to came to the answer.
The Daily Reporter has abstracted these listings from public notices submitted to us for publication, which we do not independently verify. Where we've been able to enhance listings with supplementary information, that information is unofficial and uncorroborated. For the official version of a public notice, consult the print edition. BridgeTower Media assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions in these listings and makes no representations regarding their accuracy or reliability.
The Friends for Animals Adoption Shelter is committed to the prevention of animal suffering and overpopulation through public education, an aggressive spay/neuter program, and the adoption of shelter pets to appropriate homes.
Easy... Panera’s Mac and Cheese. 🧀 I also just found out you can get it all day! #winning #teacherswhocook #macandcheese #panerabread #thebestmacncheese #eatallday
Mas Cool Shiroi Template it. The anime template is nice and steady. Mas there is nothing its anime template.
The templates you have provided are very useful and attractive to drag more traffic. There is no repetition in the templates you have provided.
Sirwal Pensil Abu Muda Reviewed by admin on Saturday, November 3rd, 2018 . This Is Article About Sirwal Pensil Abu Muda
A lot of Arsenal supporters are already in mourning for their club’s season. They are out of both domestic cups and have slipped seven points behind Tottenham in the race for Champions League qualification. However, they still have the faintest chance of progressing to the Quarter Finals of the UEFA Champions League in this heated match against Bayern Munich.
After Bayern’s comprehensive 3 -1 victory in the first leg, many pundits declared the tie over. One man who won’t agree, though, is Arsene Wenger. Publicly, he will insist a comeback remains unlikely, but there is no risk of him fielding a weakened team or conceding defeat. He will know that if Arsenal can start well, even a side as accomplished as Bayern could become nervous.
Even if the possibility of Arsenal progressing seems remote, this remains an important match for both teams. Arsenal need a positive result to restore some confidence to an ailing side; Bayern will simply be keen to maintain their positive momentum and see the tie out in a professional manner.
Bayern’s domestic form continues to be relentless. They immediately followed up their victory at the Emirates Stadium by thrashing Werder Bremen, before similarly impressive victories over Hoffenheim and Dusseldorf.
The German title is all but theirs. They are absolutely now emerging as one of the favorites for the Champions League.
Arsenal’s form has not dramatically improved since the first game with Bayern. They stumbled to victory over Aston Villa, requiring a late goal from their most in-form player: Santi Cazorla.
However, they then lost the North London derby against the Spurs, leaving their hopes of qualifying for next season’s Champions League severely dented.
If Arsenal are to have any chance whatsoever of qualifying for the next round, they need to hurt Bayern early on. The man most likely to do that is Theo Walcott.
Since signing his new contract with Arsenal in January, Walcott’s form has noticeably dipped. This would be a perfect time for him to produce the kind of blistering display he was regularly giving before Christmas.
In the first leg, Walcott was played through the middle. This time I expect him to be in his more familiar role on the wing where he can test the pace of the equally sprightly David Alaba.
FutbolPulse is an award-winning football opinion blog analyzing the latest developments and results from around the world.
footnotes = He was the father of the neurobiologist Martin Heisenberg and the son of August Heisenberg
Werner Heisenberg (5 December 1901 in Würzburg&ndash;1 February 1976 in Munich) was a German theoretical physicist, best known for enunciating the uncertainty principle of quantum theory. He made important contributions to quantum mechanics, nuclear physics, quantum field theory, and particle physics.
Heisenberg, along with Max Born and Pascual Jordan, set forth the matrix formulation of quantum mechanics in 1925. Heisenberg was awarded the 1932 Nobel Prize in Physics.
After Hitler came to power in 1933, Heisenberg was attacked in the press by elements of the "deutsche Physik" movement, and he came under investigation by the SS. This was embroiled with the attempt to appoint Heisenberg as successor to Arnold Sommerfeld at the University of Munich; it became known as the Heisenberg Affair. The issue was resolved by Heinrich Himmler, the head of the SS, in 1938. While Heisenberg was not selected as Sommerfeld’s successor, he was completely rehabilitated to the physics community relative to the Third Reich.
The German nuclear energy project, also known informally as the Uranium Club, began in 1939 under the auspices of the German Ordnance Office. In 1942, control of the project was relinquished to the Reich Research Council. Throughout the project, Heisenberg was one of the nine principals heading up research and development for the program. In 1942, Heisenberg was appointed as director-in-residence of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics.
Heisenberg was one of 10 German scientists arrested near the end of World War II under the American Operation Alsos. He was detained in England from May 1945 to January 1946.
Upon Heisenberg’s return to Germany, he settled in Göttingen in the British occupation zone, where he was appointed director of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics, which was soon thereafter renamed the Max Planck Institute for Physics. He was director of the institute until it was moved to Munich in 1958, when it was expanded and renamed the Max Planck Institute for Physics and Astrophysics. For two years, he was co-director with the astrophysicist Ludwig Biermann. Heisenberg was director of the institute from 1960 to 1970.
Heisenberg was also president of the German Research Council, chairman of the Commission for Atomic Physics, chairman of the Nuclear Physics Working Group, and president of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation.
Heisenberg studied physics and mathematics from 1920 to 1923 at the "Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München" and the "Georg-August-Universität Göttingen". At Munich, he studied under Arnold Sommerfeld and Wilhelm Wien. At Göttingen, he studied physics with Max Born and James Franck, and he studied mathematics with David Hilbert. He received his doctorate in 1923, at Munich under Sommerfeld. He completed his Habilitation in 1924, at Göttingen under Born. [ " [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1932/heisenberg-bio.html Werner Heisenberg Biography] ", "Nobel Prize in Physics 1932" Nobelprize.org.] [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, Appendix F; see the entry for Heisenberg.]
Because Sommerfeld had a sincere interest in his students and knew of Heisenberg’s interest in the Bohr’s theories on atomic physics, Sommerfeld took Heisenberg to Göttingen to the "Bohr-Festspiele" (Bohr Festival) in June 1922. At the event, Niels Bohr was a guest lecturer and gave a series of comprehensive lectures on quantum atomic physics. There, Heisenberg met Bohr for the first time, and it had a significant and continuing effect on him. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, 127 and Appendix A.] [ Powers, 1993, 23.] [ van der Waerden, 1968, 21.]
Heisenberg’s doctoral thesis, the topic of which was suggested by Sommerfeld, was on turbulence; [ W. Heisenberg "Über Stabilität und Turbulenz von Flüssigkeitsströmmen (Diss.)", "Ann. Physik" Volume 74, Number 4, 577-627 (1924), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] the thesis discussed both the stability of laminar flow and the nature of turbulent flow. The problem of stability was investigated by the use of the Orr–Sommerfeld equation, a fourth order linear differential equation for small disturbances from laminar flow. He would briefly return to this topic after World War II. [ Mott and Peierls, 1977, 217.]
From 1924 to 1927, Heisenberg was a Privatdozent at Göttingen. From 17 September 1924 to 1 May 1925, under an International Education Board Rockefeller Foundation fellowship, Heisenberg went to do research with Niels Bohr, director of the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Copenhagen. He returned to Göttingen and with Max Born and Pascual Jordan, over a period of about six months, developed the matrix mechanics formulation of quantum mechanics. On 1 May 1926, Heisenberg began his appointment as a university lecturer and assistant to Bohr in Copenhagen. It was in Copenhagen, in 1927, that Heisenberg developed his uncertainty principle, while working on the mathematical foundations of quantum mechanics. In his paper [ W. Heisenberg "Über den anschulichen Inhalt der quantentheoretischen Kinematik und Mechanik", "Z. Phys." Volume 43, 172-198 (1927), cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 243.] on the uncertainty principle, Heisenberg used the word “"Ungenauigkeit"” (inaccuracy). [ " [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1932/heisenberg-bio.html Werner Heisenberg Biography] ", "Nobel Prize in Physics 1932" Nobelprize.org.] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ Mott and Peierls, 1977, 224.]
In 1927, Heisenberg was appointed "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) of theoretical physics and head of the department of physics at the Universität Leipzig; he gave his inaugural lecture on 1 February 1928. In his first paper published from Leipzig, [ W. Heisenberg "Zur Theorie des Ferromagnetismus", "Z. Phys." Volume 49, 619-636 (1928), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 243.] Heisenberg used the Pauli exclusion principle to solve the mystery of ferromagnetism. [ " [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1932/heisenberg-bio.html Werner Heisenberg Biography] ", "Nobel Prize in Physics 1932" Nobelprize.org.] [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, Appendix F; see the entry for Heisenberg.] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ Mott and Peierls, 1977, 226-227.]
In Heisenberg’s tenure at Leipzig, the quality of doctoral students, post-graduate and research associates who studied and worked with Heisenberg there is attested to by the acclaim later earned by these personnel. At various times, these personnel included: Erich Bagge, Felix Bloch, Ugo Fano, Siegfried Flügge, William Vermillion Houston, Friedrich Hund, Robert S. Mulliken, Rudolf Peierls, George Placzek, Isidor Isaac Rabi, Fritz Sauter, John C. Slater, Edward Teller, John Hasbrouck van Vleck, Victor Frederick Weisskopf, Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker, Gregor Wentzel, and Clarence Zener. [ Mott and Peierls, 1977, 227.]
In 1928, the British mathematical physicist P. A. M. Dirac had derived the relativistic wave equation of quantum mechanics, which implied the existence of positive electrons, later to be named positrons. In 1932, from a cloud chamber photograph of cosmic rays, the American physicist Carl David Anderson identified a track as having been made by a positron. In mid-1933, Heisenberg presented his theory of the positron. His thinking on Dirac’s theory and further development of the theory were set forth in two papers. The first, "Bemerkungen zur Diracschen Theorie des Positrons (Remarks on Dirac’s theory of the positron)" was published in 1934, [ Werner Heisenberg "Bemerkungen zur Diracschen Theorie des Positrons", "Zeitschrift für Physik" Volume 90, Numbers 3-4, 209-231 (1934).] and the second, "Folgerungen aus der Diracschen Theorie des Positrons (Consequences of Dirac’s Theory of the Positron)", was published in 1936. [ W. Heisenberg and H. Euler "Folgerungen aus der Diracschen Theorie des Positrons", "Zeitschr. Phys." Volume 98, Numbers 11-12, 714-732 (1936). A translation of this paper has been done by W. Korolevski and H. Kleinert: [http://arxiv.org/abs/physics/0605038v1 arXiv:physics/0605038v1] .] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ Emilio Segrè "From X-rays to Quarks: Modern Physicists and Their Discoveries" (Freeman, 1980, paperback editions).]
In the early 1930s in Germany, the "deutsche Physik" movement was anti-Semitic and anti-theoretical physics, especially including quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity. As applied in the university environment, political factors took priority over the historically applied concept of scholarly ability, [ Beyerchen, 1997, 141-167.] even though its two most prominent supporters were the Nobel Laureates in Physics Philipp Lenard [ Beyerchen, 1977, 79-102.] and Johannes Stark. [ Beyerchen, 1977, 103-140.] When Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany on January 30, 1933, the concept and movement took on more favour and more fervor. Supporters of "deutsche Physik" launched vicious attacks against leading theoretical physicists, including Arnold Sommerfeld and Heisenberg. On June 29, 1936, a National Socialist Party newspaper published an article attacking Heisenberg. On July 15, 1937, he was attacked in a periodical of the Schutzstaffel (SS). This was the beginning of what is called the Heisenberg Affair. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.]
In June 1939, Heisenberg bought a summer home for his family in Urfeld, in southern Germany, to be used as a retreat. Also in 1939, Heisenberg traveled to the United States in June and July. There, he visited Samuel Abraham Goudsmit, at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Heisenberg refused an invitation to emigrate to the United States. Heisenberg would not see Goudsmit again until six years later, when Goudsmit was the chief scientific advisor to the American Operation Alsos at the close of World War II. Heisenberg would be arrested under Operation Alsos and detained in England under Operation Epsilon. [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, 387 and 387n20.] [ Goudsmit, "Alsos", 1986, picture facing p. 124.] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.]
Up until this time, matrices were seldom used by physicists; they were considered to belong to the realm of pure mathematics. Gustav Mie had used them in a paper on electrodynamics in 1912 and Born had used them in his work on the lattices theory of crystals in 1921. While matrices were used in these cases, the algebra of matrices with their multiplication did not enter the picture as they did in the matrix formulation of quantum mechanics. [ Jammer, 1966, pp. 206-207. ]
Born, however, had learned matrix algebra from Rosanes, as already noted, but Born had also learned Hilbert’s theory of integral equations and quadratic forms for an infinite number of variables as was apparent from a citation by Born of Hilbert’s work "Grundzüge einer allgemeinen Theorie der Linearen Integralgleichungen" published in 1912. [ van der Waerden, 1968, p. 51.] [ The citation by Born was in Born and Jordan's paper, the second paper in the trilogy which launched the matrix mechanics formulation. See van der Waerden, 1968, p. 351.] Jordan, too was well equipped for the task. For a number of years, he had been an assistant to Richard Courant at Göttingen in the preparation of Courant and David Hilbert’s book "Methoden der mathematischen Physik I", which was published in 1924. [ Constance Ried "Courant" (Springer, 1996) p. 93. ] This book, fortuitously, contained a great many of the mathematical tools necessary for the continued development of quantum mechanics. In 1926, John von Neumann became assistant to David Hilbert, and he would coin the term Hilbert space to describe the algebra and analysis which were used in the development of quantum mechanics. [ John von Neumann "Allgemeine Eigenwerttheorie Hermitescher Funktionaloperatoren", "Mathematische Annalen" 102 49–131 (1929) ] [ When von Neumann left Göttingen in 1932, his book on the mathematical foundations of quantum mechanics, based on Hilbert’s mathematics, was published under the title "Mathematische Grundlagen der Quantenmechanik". See: Norman Macrae, "John von Neumann: The Scientific Genius Who Pioneered the Modern Computer, Game Theory, Nuclear Deterrence, and Much More" (Reprinted by the American Mathematical Society, 1999) and Constance Reid, "Hilbert" (Springer-Verlag, 1996) ISBN 0-387-94674-8. ]
In 1928, Albert Einstein nominated Heisenberg, Born, and Jordan for the Nobel Prize in Physics, [ Bernstein, 2004, p. 1004. ] but it was not to be. The announcement of the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1932 was delayed until November 1933. [ Greenspan, 2005, p. 190. ] It was at that time that it was announced Heisenberg had won the Prize for 1932 “for the creation of quantum mechanics, the application of which has, inter alia, led to the discovery of the allotropic forms of hydrogen” [Nobel Prize in Physics and [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1933/press.html 1933] – Nobel Prize Presentation Speech. ] and Erwin Schrödinger and Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac shared the 1933 Prize "for the discovery of new productive forms of atomic theory". [Nobel Prize in Physics and [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1933/press.html 1933] – Nobel Prize Presentation Speech. ] One can rightly ask why Born was not awarded the Prize in 1932 along with Heisenberg &ndash; Bernstein gives some speculations on this matter. One of them is related to Jordan joining the Nazi Party on 1 May 1933 and becoming a Storm Trooper. [ Bernstein, 2005, p. 1004.] Hence, Jordan’s Party affiliations and Jordan’s links to Born may have affected Born’s chance at the Prize at that time. Bernstein also notes that when Born won the Prize in 1954, Jordan was still alive, and the Prize was awarded for the statistical interpretation of quantum mechanics, attributable alone to Born. [ Bernstein, 2005, p. 1006. ]
Heisenberg’s reaction to Born for Heisenberg receiving the Prize for 1932 and to Born for Born receiving the Prize in 1954 are also instructive in evaluating whether Born should have shared the Prize with Heisenberg. On 25 November 1933, Born received a letter from Heisenberg in which he said he had been delayed in writing due to a “bad conscience” that he alone had received the Prize “for work done in Göttingen in collaboration &ndash; you, Jordan and I.” Heisenberg went on to say that Born and Jordan’s contribution to quantum mechanics cannot be changed by “a wrong decision from the outside.” [ Greenspan, 2005, p. 191. ] In 1954, Heisenberg wrote an article honoring Max Planck for his insight in 1900. In the article, Heisenberg credited Born and Jordan for the final mathematical formulation of matrix mechanics and Heisenberg went on to stress how great their contributions were to quantum mechanics, which were not “adequately acknowledged in the public eye.” [ Greenspan, 2005, pp. 285-286.]
On 1 April 1935, the eminent theoretical physicist Arnold Sommerfeld, Heisenberg’s doctoral advisor at the University of Munich, achieved emeritus status. However, Sommerfeld stayed on as his own temporary replacement during the selection process for his successor, which took until 1 December 1939. The process was lengthy due to academic and political differences between the Munich Faculty’s selection and that of both the Reichserziehungsministerium (REM, Reich Education Ministry.) and the supporters of "deutsche Physik", which was anti-Semitic and had a bias against theoretical physics, especially including quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity. In 1935, the Munich Faculty drew up a candidate list to replace Sommerfeld as ordinarius professor of theoretical physics and head of the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Munich. There were three names on the list: Werner Heisenberg, who received the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1932, Peter Debye, who would receive the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1936, and Richard Becker - all former students of Sommerfeld. The Munich Faculty was firmly behind these candidates, with Heisenberg as their first choice. However, supporters of "deutsche Physik" and elements in the REM had their own list of candidates and the battle commenced, dragging on for over four years. During this time, Heisenberg came under vicious attack by the supporters of "deutsche Physik." One such attack was published in "Das Schwarze Korps", the newspaper of the Schutzstaffel (SS), headed by Heinrich Himmler. In the editorial, Heisenberg was called a “White Jew” who should be made to “disappear.” [ Klaus Hentschel (Editor) and Ann M. Hentschel (Editorial Assistant and Translator) "Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources" (Birkhäuser, 1996). In this book, see: Document #55 "’White Jews’ in Science [July 15, 1937] " pp. 152-157.] These verbal attacks were taken seriously, as there was physical violence against the Jews and they were incarcerated. Heisenberg fought back with an editorial and a letter to Himmler, in an attempt to get a resolution to this matter and regain his honor. At one point, Heisenberg’s mother visited Himmler’s mother to help bring a resolution to the affair. The two women knew each other as a result of Heisenberg’s maternal grandfather and Himmler’s father being rectors and members of a Bavarian hiking club. Eventually, Himmler settled the Heisenberg affair by sending two letters, one to SS-Gruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich and one to Heisenberg, both on 21 July 1938. In the letter to Heydrich, Himmler said Germany could not afford to lose or silence Heisenberg as he would be useful for teaching a generation of scientists. To Heisenberg, Himmler said the letter came on recommendation of his family and he cautioned Heisenberg to make a distinction between professional physics research results and the personal and political attitudes of the involved scientists. The letter to Heisenberg was signed under the closing “Mit freundlichem Gruss und, Heil Hitler!” (With friendly greetings, Heil Hitler!”) [ Goudsmit, Samuel A. "ALSOS " (Tomash Publishers, 1986) pp 117 -119.] Overall, the Heisenberg affair was settled with a victory for academic standards and professionalism, however, with Wilhelm Müller taking over for Sommerfeld on 1 December 1939, this appointment was a political victory over academic standards. Müller was not a theoretical physicist, had not published in a physics journal, and was not a member of the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft; his appointment as a replacement for Sommerfeld was considered a travesty and detrimental to educating a new generation of theoretical physicists. [ Beyerchen, 1977, 153-167.] [ Cassidy, 1992, 383-387.] [ Powers, 1993, 40–43.] [ Goudsmit, Samuel A. "ALSOS " (Tomash Publishers, 1986) pp 117 -119.] [ Klaus Hentschel (Editor) and Ann M. Hentschel (Editorial Assistant and Translator) "Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources" (Birkhäuser, 1996). In this book, see: Document #55 "’White Jews’ in Science [July 15, 1937] " pp. 152-157; Document #63 "Heinrich Himmler: Letter to Reinhard Heydrich [July 21, 1938] " pp. 175-176; Document #64 "Heinrich Himmler: Letter to Werner Heisenberg [July 21, 1938] " pp. 176-177; Document #85 "Ludwig Prandtl: Attachment to the letter to Reich Marschal (sic) Hermann Göring [April 28, 1941] " pp. 261-266; and Document #93 "Carl Ramsauer: The Munich Conciliation and Pacification Attempt January 20, 1942] " pp. 290-292.]
During the SS investigation of Heisenberg, there were three investigators and all had training in physics. Heisenberg had participated in the doctoral examination of one of them at the "Universität Leipzig". The most influential of the three, however, was Johannes Juilfs. During their investigation, they had all become supporters of Heisenberg as well as his position against the ideological policies of the "deutsche Physik" movement in theoretical physics and academia. [ Cassidy, 1992, 390-391. Please note that Cassidy uses the alias Mathias Jules for Johannes Juilfs.]
In 1939, shortly after the discovery of nuclear fission, the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club), was begun. Heisenberg was one of the principal scientists leading research and development in the project.
From 15 to 22 September 1941, Heisenberg traveled to German occupied Copenhagen to lecture and discuss nuclear research and theoretical physics with Niels Bohr. The meeting is the subject of the award winning play titled Copenhagen. Documents relating to the Bohr-Heisenberg meeting were released in 2002 by the Niels Bohr Archive. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ David C. Cassidy "A Historical Perspective on Copenhagen", "Physics Today" Volume 53, Issue 7, 28 (2000). See also "Heisenberg’s Message to Bohr: Who Knows", "Physics Today" Volume 54, Issue 4, 14ff (2001), individual letters by Klaus Gottstein, Harry J. Lipkin, Donald C. Sachs, and David C. Cassidy.] [ [http://www.nba.nbi.dk/ Niels Bohr Archive] . His site contains historical background and facsimiles of documents relating to the 1941 Bohr-Heisenberg meeting.]
On February 26, 1942, Heisenberg presented a lecture to Reich officials on energy acquisition from nuclear fission, after the Army withdrew most of its funding. [ [http://www.aip.org/history/heisenberg/p14.htm American Institute for Physics, Center for History of Physics] .] The Uranium Club was transferred to the Reich Research Council (RFR) in July 1942. On June 4, 1942, Heisenberg was summoned to report to Albert Speer, Germany's Minister of Armaments, on the prospects for converting the Uranium Club's research toward developing nuclear weapons. During the meeting, Heisenberg told Speer that a bomb could not be built before 1945, and would require significant monetary and manpower resources. [ Albert Speer, Inside the Third Reich, Macmillan, 1970, pp. 225ff. See also http://www.stanford.edu/~njenkins/cgi-bin/auden/individual.php?pid=I662&ged=auden-bicknell.ged ] . Five days later, on 9 June 1942, Adolf Hitler issued a decree for the reorganization of the RFR as a separate legal entity under the Reich Ministry for Armament and Ammunition; the decree appointed Reich Marshall Göring as the president. [ Document 98: "The Führer’s Decree on the Reich Research Council", 9 June 1942, in Hentschel, 1996, 303.]
In September 1942, Heisenberg submitted his first paper of a three-part series on the scattering matrix, or S-matrix, in elementary particle physics. The first two papers were published in 1943 [ W. Heisenberg "Die beobachtbaren Grössen in der Theorie der Elementarteilchen. I.", "Z. Phys." Volume 120, 513-538 (1943), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] [ W. Heisenberg "Die beobachtbaren Grössen in der Theorie der Elementarteilchen. II.", "Z. Phys." Volume 120, 673-702 (1943), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] and the third in 1944. [ W. Heisenberg "Die beobachtbaren Grössen in der Theorie der Elementarteilchen. III.", "Z. Phys." Volume 123, 93-112 (1944), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] The S-matrix described only observables, i.e., the states of incident particles in a collision process, the states of those emerging from the collision, and stable bound states; there would be no reference to the intervening states. This was the same precedent as he followed in 1925 in what turned out to be the foundation of the matrix formulation of quantum mechanics through only the use of observables. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ Mott and Peierls, 1977, 231.]
In February 1943, Heisenberg was appointed to the Chair for Theoretical Physics at the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität" (today, the Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin). In April, his election to the "Preußische Akademie der Wissenschaften" (Prussian Academy of Sciences) was approved. That same month, he moved his family to their retreat in Urfeld as Allied bombing increased in Berlin. In the summer, he dispatched the first of his staff at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik" to Hechingen and its neighboring town of Haigerloch, on the edge of the Black Forest, for the same reasons. From 18-26 October, he traveled to German occupied Netherlands. In December 1943, Heisenberg visited German occupied Poland. [ Jeremy Bernstein "Heisenberg in Poland", "Am. J. Phys." Volume 72, Number 3, 300-304 (2004). See also "Letters to the Editor" by Klaus Gottstein and a reply by Jeremy Bernstein in "Am. J. Phys." Volume 72, Number 9, 1143-1145 (2004).] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.]
From 24 January to 4 February 1944, Heisenberg traveled to occupied Copenhagen, after the German Army confiscated Bohr’s Institute of Theoretical Physics. He made a short return trip in April. In December, Heisenberg lectured in neutral Switzerland. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.]
In January 1945, Heisenberg vacated the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik" with about all of his staff for the facilities in the Black Forest. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.]
In December 1938, the German chemists Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann sent a manuscript to "Naturwissenschaften" reporting they had detected the element barium after bombarding uranium with neutrons; [ O. Hahn and F. Strassmann "Über den Nachweis und das Verhalten der bei der Bestrahlung des Urans mittels Neutronen entstehenden Erdalkalimetalle" ("On the detection and characteristics of the alkaline earth metals formed by irradiation of uranium with neutrons"), "Naturwissenschaften" Volume 27, Number 1, 11-15 (1939). The authors were identified as being at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm-Institut für Chemie", Berlin-Dahlem. Received 22 December 1938.] simultaneously, they communicated these results to Lise Meitner, who had in July of that year fled to The Netherlands and then went to Sweden. [ Ruth Lewin Sime "Lise Meitner’s Escape from Germany", "American Journal of Physics" Volume 58, Number 3, 263- 267 (1990).] Meitner, and her nephew Otto Robert Frisch, correctly interpreted these results as being nuclear fission. [Lise Meitner and O. R. Frisch "Disintegration of Uranium by Neutrons: a New Type of Nuclear Reaction", "Nature", Volume 143, Number 3615, 239-240 [http://www.nature.com/physics/looking-back/meitner/index.html (11 February 1939)] . The paper is dated 16 January 1939. Meitner is identified as being at the Physical Institute, Academy of Sciences, Stockholm. Frisch is identified as being at the Institute of Theoretical Physics, University of Copenhagen. ] Frisch confirmed this experimentally on 13 January 1939. [ O. R. Frisch "Physical Evidence for the Division of Heavy Nuclei under Neutron Bombardment", "Nature", Volume 143, Number 3616, 276-276 [http://dbhs.wvusd.k12.ca.us/webdocs/Chem-History/Frisch-Fission-1939.html (18 February 1939)] . The paper is dated 17 January 1939. [The experiment for this letter to the editor was conducted on 13 January 1939; see Richard Rhodes "The Making of the Atomic Bomb" 263 and 268 (Simon and Schuster, 1986).] ] [ In 1944, Hahn received the Nobel Prize for Chemistry for the discovery of nuclear fission. Some historians have documented the history of the discovery of nuclear fission and believe Meitner should have been awarded the Nobel Prize with Hahn. See the following references: Ruth Lewin Sime "From Exceptional Prominence to Prominent Exception: Lise Meitner at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Chemistry" [http://www.mpiwg-berlin.mpg.de/KWG/Ergebnisse/Ergebnisse24.pdf Ergebnisse 24] Forschungsprogramm "Geschichte der Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft im Nationalsozialismus" (2005); Ruth Lewin Sime "Lise Meitner: A Life in Physics" (University of California, 1997); and Elisabeth Crawford, Ruth Lewin Sime, and Mark Walker "A Nobel Tale of Postwar Injustice", "Physics Today" Volume 50, Issue 9, 26-32 (1997).]
Paul Harteck was director of the physical chemistry department at the University of Hamburg and an advisor to the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office). On 24 April 1939, along with his teaching assistant Wilhelm Groth, Harteck made contact with the "Reichskriegsministerium" (RKM, Reich Ministry of War) to alert them to the potential of military applications of nuclear chain reactions. Two days earlier, on 22 April 1939, after hearing a colloquium paper by Wilhelm Hanle on the use of uranium fission in a "Uranmaschine" (uranium machine, i.e., nuclear reactor), Georg Joos, along with Hanle, notified Wilhelm Dames, at the "Reichserziehungsministerium" (REM, Reich Ministry of Education), of potential military applications of nuclear energy. The communication was given to Abraham Esau, head of the physics section of the "Reichsforschungsrat" (RFR, Reich Research Council) at the REM. On 29 April, a group, organized by Esau, met at the REM to discuss the potential of a sustained nuclear chain reaction. The group included the physicists Walther Bothe, Robert Döpel, Hans Geiger, Wolfgang Gentner (probably sent by Walther Bothe), Wilhelm Hanle, Gerhard Hoffmann, and Georg Joos; Peter Debye was invited, but he did not attend. After this, informal work began at the Georg-August University of Göttingen by Joos, Hanle, and their colleague Reinhold Mannfopff; the group of physicists was known informally as the first "Uranverein" (Uranium Club) and formally as "Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Kernphysik". The group’s work was discontinued in August 1939, when the three were called to military training. [ Kant, 2002, Reference 8 on p. 3.] [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, 363-364 and Appendix F; see the entries for Esau, Harteck and Joos. See also the entry fro the KWIP in Appendix A and the entry for the HWA in Appendix B.] [ Macrakis, 1993, 164-169.] [ Mehra and Rechenberg, Volume 6, Part 2, 2001, 1010-1011.]
The second "Uranverein" began after the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office) squeezed out the "Reichsforschungsrat" (RFR, Reich Research Council) of the "Reichserziehungsministerium" (REM, Reich Ministry of Education) and started the formal German nuclear energy project under military auspices. The second "Uranverein" was formed on 1 September 1939, the day World War II began, and it had its first meeting on 16 September 1939. The meeting was organized by Kurt Diebner, advisor to the HWA, and held in Berlin. The invitees included Walther Bothe, Siegfried Flügge, Hans Geiger, Otto Hahn, Paul Harteck, Gerhard Hoffmann, Josef Mattauch, and Georg Stetter. A second meeting was held soon thereafter and included Klaus Clusius, Robert Döpel, Werner Heisenberg, and Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. Also at this time, the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik" (KWIP, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics, after WW II the Max Planck Institute for Physics), in Berlin-Dahlem, was placed under HWA authority, with Diebner as the administrative director, and the military control of the nuclear research commenced. [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, 363-364 and Appendix F; see the entries for Diebner and Döpel. See also the entry fro the KWIP in Appendix A and the entry for the HWA in Appendix B.] [ Macrakis, 1993, 164-169.] [ Mehra and Rechenberg, Volume 6, Part 2, 2001, 1010-1011.]
When it was apparent that the nuclear energy project would not make a decisive contribution to ending the war effort in the near term, control of the KWIP was returned in January 1942 to its umbrella organization, the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft" (KWG, Kaiser Wilhelm Society, after WW II the Max-Planck Gesellschaft), and HWA control of the project was relinquished to the RFR in July 1942. The nuclear energy project thereafter maintained its "kriegswichtig" (important for the war) designation and funding continued from the military. However, the German nuclear power project was then broken down into the following main areas: uranium and heavy water production, uranium isotope separation, and the "Uranmaschine" (uranium machine, i.e., nuclear reactor). Also, the project was then essentially split up between a number of institutes, where the directors dominated the research and set their own research agendas. [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996; see the entry for the KWIP in Appendix A and the entries for the HWA and the RFR in Appendix B. Also see p. 372 and footnote #50 on p. 372.] [ Macrakis, 1993, 164-169.] [ Walker, 1993, 49-53.] The dominant personnel and facilities were the following: [ Walker, 1993, 52-53.] [ Kant, 2002, 19.] [ [http://www.deutsches-museum.de/archiv/archiv-online/geheimdokumente/forschungszentren/wien-heidelberg-strassburg/taetigkeitsbericht-pi-wien/ Deutsches Museum] -"Tätigkeitsbericht des II. Physikalischen Instituts der Wiener Universität, 1945"]
Heisenberg was appointed director-in-residence of the KWIP on 1 July 1942, as Peter Debye was still the officially the director and on leave in the United States; Debye had gone on leave as he was a citizen of The Netherlands and had refused to become a German citizen when the HWA took administrative control of the KWIP. Heisenberg still also had his department of physics at the University of Leipzig where work was done for the "Uranverein" by Robert Döpel and his wife Klara Döpel. During the period Kurt Diebner administered the KWIP under the HWA program, considerable personal and professional animosity developed between Diebner and the Heisenberg inner circle – Heisenberg, Karl Wirtz, and Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. [ Walker, 1993, 19 and 94-95.] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.]
The point in 1942, when the army relinquished its control of the German nuclear energy project, was the zenith of the project relative to the number of personnel devoting time to the effort. There were only about seventy scientists working on the project, with about forty devoting more than half their time to nuclear fission research. After this, the number of scientists working on applied nuclear fission diminished dramatically. Many of the scientists not working with the main institutes stopped working on nuclear fission and devoted their efforts to more pressing war related work. [ Walker, 1993, 52 and Reference #40 on p. 262.]
Over time, the HWA and then the RFR controlled the German nuclear energy project. The most influential people in the project were Kurt Diebner, Abraham Esau, Walther Gerlach, and Erich Schumann. Schumann was one of the most powerful and influential physicists in Germany. Schumann was director of the Physics Department II at the Frederick William University (later, University of Berlin), which was commissioned and funded by the "Oberkommando des Heeres" (OKW, Army High Command) to conduct physics research projects. He was also head of the research department of the HWA, assistant secretary of the Science Department of the OKW, and "Bevollmächtiger" (plenipotentiary) for high explosives. Diebner, throughout the life of the nuclear energy project, had more control over nuclear fission research than did Walther Bothe, Klaus Clusius, Otto Hahn, Paul Harteck, or Werner Heisenberg. [ Walker, 1993, 208.] [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, Appendix F; see the entry for Schumann. Also see footnote #1 on p. 207.]
Operation Alsos was an American effort commanded by the Russian-American Colonel Boris T. Pash. He reported directly to General Leslie Groves, commander of the Manhattan Engineer District, which was developing atomic weapons for the United States. The chief scientific advisor to Operation Alsos was the physicist Samuel Abraham Goudsmit. Goudsmit was selected for this task because of his knowledge of physics, he spoke German, and he personally knew a number of the German scientists working on the German nuclear energy project. He also knew little of the Manhattan Project, so, if he were captured, he would have little intelligence value to the Germans. The objectives of Operation Alsos were to determine if the Germans had an atomic bomb program and to exploit of German atomic related facilities, intellectual materials, materiel resources, and scientific personnel for the benefit of the United States. Personnel on this operation generally swept into areas which had just come under control of the Allied military forces, but sometimes they operated in areas still under control by German forces. [ Goudsmit, Samuel with an introduction by R. V. Jones "Alsos" (Toamsh, 1986).] [ Pash, Boris T. "The Alsos Mission" (Award, 1969).] [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, 491-500.]
Berlin had been a location of many German scientific research facilities. To limit casualties and loss of equipment, many of these facilities were dispersed to other locations in the latter years of the war. The "Kaiser-Wilhelm-Institut für Physik" (KWIP, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics) had mostly been moved in 1943 and 1944 to Hechingen and its neighboring town of Haigerloch, on the edge of the Black Forest, which eventually became the French occupation zone. This move and a little luck allowed the Americans to take into custody a large number of German scientists associated with nuclear research. The only section of the institute which remained in Berlin was the low-temperature physics section, headed by Ludwig Bewilogua, who was in charge of the exponential uranium pile. [ Naimark, 1995, 208-209.] [ Bernstein, 2001, 49-52.]
Nine of the prominent German scientists who published reports in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" as members of the "Uranverein" [ Walker, 1993, 268-274 and Reference #40 on p. 262.] were picked up by Operation Alsos and incarcerated in England under Operation Epsilon: Erich Bagge, Kurt Diebner, Walther Gerlach, Otto Hahn, Paul Harteck, Werner Heisenberg, Horst Korsching, Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker, and Karl Wirtz. Also, incarcerated was Max von Laue, although he had nothing to do with the nuclear energy project. Goudsmit, the chief scientific advisor to Operation Alsos, thought von Laue might be beneficial to the postwar rebuilding of Germany and would benefit from the high level contacts he would have in England. [ Bernstein, 2001, 50 and 363-365.]
Heisenberg had been captured and arrested by Colonel Pash at Heisenberg’s retreat in Urfeld, on 3 May 1945, in what was a true alpine-type operation in territory still under control by German forces. He was taken to Heidelberg, where, on 5 May, he met Goudsmit for the first time since the Ann Arbor visit in 1939. Germany surrendered just two days later. Heisenberg would not see his family again for eight months. Heisenberg was moved across France and Belgium and flown to England on 3 July 1945. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, 491-510.] [ Bernstein, 2001, 60.] [ Pash, Boris T. "The Alsos Mission" (Award, 1969) pp. 219-241.]
The ten German scientists were held at Farm Hall in England. The facility had been a safe house of the British foreign intelligence MI6. During their detention, their conversations were recorded. Conversation thought to be of intelligence value were transcribed and translated into English. The transcripts were released in 1992. Bernstein has published an annotated version of the transcripts in his book "Hitler’s Uranium Club: The Secret Recording’s at Farm Hall", along with an introduction to put them in perspective. A complete, unedited publication of the British version of the reports appeared as "Operation Epsilon: The Farm Hall Transcripts", which was published in 1993 by the Institute of Physics in Bristol and by the University of California Press in the United States. [ Charles Franck "Operation Epsilon: The Farm Hall Transcripts" (University of California Press, 1993)] [ Jeremy Bernstein "Hitler’s Uranium Club: The Secret Recording’s at Farm Hall" (Copernicus, 2001) ISBN 0-387-95089-3.] [ Bernstein, 2001, xvii-xix.]
On 3 January 1946, the ten Operation Epsilon detainees were transported to Alswede, Germany, which was in the British occupation zone. Heisenberg settled in Göttingen, also in the British zone. In July, he was named director of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik" (KWIP, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics), then located in Göttingen. Shortly thereafter, it was renamed the "Max-Planck Institut für Physik", in honor of Max Planck and to assuage political objections to the continuation of the institute. Heisenberg was its director until 1958. In 1958, the institute was moved to Munich, expanded, and renamed "Max-Planck-Institut für Physik und Astrophysik" (MPIFA). Heisenberg was its director from 1960 to 1970; in the interim, Heisenberg and the astrophysicist Ludwig Biermann were co-directors. Heisenberg resigned his directorship of the MPIFA on 31 December 1970. Upon the move to Munich, Heisenberg also became an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) at the University of Munich. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, Appendix F; see the entry for Heisenberg.]
Just as the Americans did with Operation Alsos, the Russians inserted special search teams into Germany and Austria in the wake of their troops. Their objective, under the Russian Alsos, was also the exploitation of German atomic related facilities, intellectual materials, materiel resources, and scientific personnel for the benefit of the Soviet Union. One of the German scientists recruited under this Russian operation was the nuclear physicist Heinz Pose, who was made head of Laboratory V in Obninsk. When he returned to Germany on a recruiting trip for his laboratory, Pose wrote a letter to the Werner Heisenberg inviting him to work in Russia. The letter lauded the working conditions in Russian and the available resources, as well as the favorable attitude of the Russians towards German scientists. A courier hand delivered the recruitment letter, dated 18 July 1946, to Heisenberg; Heisenberg politely declined in a return letter to Pose. [ Walker, 1993, 184-185.] [ Oleynikov, 2000, 14.]
In the period shortly after World War II, Heisenberg briefly returned to the subject of his doctoral thesis, turbulence. Three papers were published in 1948 [ W. Heisenberg "Zur statistischen Theorie der Tubulenz", "Z. Phys." Volume 124, 628-657 (1948), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] [ W. Heisenberg "On the theory of statistical and isotropic turbulence", "Proc. R. Soc. London A" Volume 195, 402-406 (1948), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] [ W. Heisenberg "Bemerkungen um Turbulenzproblem", "Z. Naturf." Volume 3a, 434-437 (1948), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] and one in 1950. [ W. Heisenberg "On the stability of laminar flow", "Proc. International Congress Mathematicians" Volume II, 292-296 (1950), as cited in Mott and Peierls, 1977, 245.] [ Mott and Peierls, 1977, 217.]
On 9 March 1949, the "Deutsche Forschungsrat" (German Research Council) was established by the "Max-Planck Gesellschaft" (MPG, Max Planck Society, successor organization to the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft". Heisenberg was appointed president of the "Deutsche Forschungsrat". In 1951, the organization was fused with the Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft (NG, Emergency Association of German Science) and that same year renamed the "Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft" (DFG, German Research Foundation). With the merger, Heisenberg was appointed to the presidium. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [Hentschel, 1996, Appendix A; see the entries for DFG and NG.] [ J. L. Heilbron "The Dilemmas of an Upright Man: Max Planck and the Fortunes of German Science" (Harvard, 2000) pp. 90-92.]
In 1952, Heisenberg served as the chairman of the Commission for Atomic Physics of the DFG. Also that year, he headed the German delegation to the European Council for Nuclear Research. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, Appendix A.] [ " [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1932/heisenberg-bio.html Werner Heisenberg Biography] ", "Nobel Prize in Physics 1932" Nobelprize.org.]
In the winter of 1955 to 1956, Heisenberg gave the Gifford Lectures at Saint Andrews University, in Scotland, on the intellectual history of physics. The lectures were later published as "Physics and Philosophy: The Revolution in Modern Science". [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, 262.]
From 1957, Heisenberg was interested in plasma physics and the process of nuclear fusion. He also collaborated with the International Institute of Atomic Physics in Geneva. He was a member of the Institute’s Scientific Policy Committee, and for several years was the Committee’s chairman. [ " [http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/physics/laureates/1932/heisenberg-bio.html Werner Heisenberg Biography] ", "Nobel Prize in Physics 1932" Nobelprize.org.]
In 1973, Heisenberg gave a lecture at Harvard University on the historical development of the concepts of quantum theory. [ Werner Heisenberg "Development of concepts in the history of quantum theory", "American Journal of Physics" Volume 43, Number 5, 389-394. The substance of this article was presented by Heisenberg in a lecture at Harvard University.]
On March 24, 1973, Heisenberg gave a speech before the Catholic Academy of Bavaria, accepting the Romano Guardini Prize. An English translation of its title is "Scientific and Religious Truth." And its stated goal was "In what follows, then, we shall first of all deal with the unassailability and value of scientific truth, and then with the much wider field of religion, of which--so far as the Christian religion is concerned--Guardini himself has so persuasively written; finally--and this will be the hardest part to formulate--we shall speak of the relationship of the two truths." Chapter 16 "Scientific and Religious Truth" in "Across the Frontiers", 1974, Harper & Row, p.213-229 ]
* Honorary doctorates from the University of Bruxelles, the Technological University of Karlsruhe, and the University of Budapest.
* 1932&ndash;Nobel Prize in Physics “for the creation of quantum mechanics, the application of which has, inter alia, led to the discovery of the allotropic forms of hydrogen”.
Werner Heisenberg’s father was Kaspar Ernst August Heisenberg, a secondary school teacher of classical languages, who went on to became Germany’s only "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) of medieval and modern Greek studies in the university system. His mother was Annie née Wecklein. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, 3.]
In January 1937, Heisenberg met Elisabeth Schumacher at a private music recital. Elisabeth was the daughter of a well-known Berlin economics professor. They were married on April 29. The fraternal twins, Maria and Wolfgang, were born to them in January 1938, whereupon, Wolfgang Pauli congratulated Heisenberg on his “pair creation” – a word play on a process from elementary particle physics, pair production. They had five more children over the next 12 years: Barbara, Christine, Jochen, Martin, and Verena. Jochen became a physics professor at the University of New Hampshire. [ Cassidy, "Uncertainty", 1992, 372 and Appendix A.] [ David Cassidy and the American Institute of Physics, " [http://www.aip.org/history/heisenberg/p10.htm The Difficult Years] ".]
The following reports were published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German "Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics. [ Hentschel and Hentschel, 1996, Appendix E; see the entry for "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte".] [ Walker, 1993, 268-274.]
A forum for discussing the pros & cons of buying a particular synth and for advice on buying synthesizers.
Hi there, first time posting here! Here's my question: would you buy an Oberheim Matrix 6 for $500 USD if you had the opportunity?
B) Quote from seller: "Some voice issues once in a while but all six voices work. On two patches oscillator cuts out unless you calibrate it."
I'm pretty new to the "deep" world of synth so not sure how detrimental the "voice" issues are or how easily they can be fixed.
Failing voice chip. Pretty common issue with the Matrix 6. You could calibrate it for a while, but eventually it will die completely. Luckily replacements exist. $500 seems about right.
Jabberwalky wrote: Failing voice chip. Pretty common issue with the Matrix 6. You could calibrate it for a while, but eventually it will die completely. Luckily replacements exist. $500 seems about right.
Thanks for your response. Good to know repairs aren't crazy serious. I guess I'm more asking if you or other synth peoples out there think this is a "don't miss" opportunity.
The price seems to be pretty average. I would say it is not a "don't miss" opportunity. If you want to spend the time fixing it and really like the synth, maybe this is the deal for you. If you are going to pay someone to fix it, plan on spending several hundred dollars more, which probably keeps it from being any kind of good deal.
The biggest factor should probably be whether or not you like the synth. I've owned one on several occasions. It's not on my list of synths I plan on ever buying again. But, it is all personal preference.
micahjonhughes wrote: The price seems to be pretty average. I would say it is not a "don't miss" opportunity. If you want to spend the time fixing it and really like the synth, maybe this is the deal for you. If you are going to pay someone to fix it, plan on spending several hundred dollars more, which probably keeps it from being any kind of good deal.
I had an Oberheim Matrix 6. It had a lovely sound to it, which a touch of reverb would really bring out, but I couldn't get over the editing -- it is very involved. I prefer having a knob for almost everything on a synth, and so that's what I bought instead.
Incidentally, I sold it to the guy who I bought it from - and who was very happy to have it back. So again, it's very much a matter of personal preference.
It's my favorite synth in the world, ever since I bought my first one in '99. Despite all the headaches of the 80's microwave style editing interface & the temperamental electronics, nothing else I've ever played just gives me that feeling. It's so thick & dark, every sound wafts in like a mood. You can conjure up almost anything you can dream of, once you know what you're doing. The results are often better than you expected if you're patient. With a Stereoping controller or a VST interface like the Ctrlr panels, it's not such a slog. I would absolutely get the latest firmware in it. I think there are a lot of people out there who would give this synth another chance if they knew what modern updates have done for it.
The options below also include professional tour agents. Companies versed in helping travelers discover destinations as diverse as Morocco and India. Operators that work hard so you can vacation with ease.
Summer’s almost over. So start planning a trip right now, and consider adding a few of our suggestions to your custom-made itinerary.
America itinerary America trip Amsterdam itinerary attractions Best winter destinations in Europe Budapest itinerary Croatia itinerary Edinburgh itinerary Europe holiday Europe itinerary Europe trip Europe trip planner Europe vacation France itinerary Germany itinerary Greece itinerary holiday in Europe holiday in France holiday in Spain Iceland itinerary Italy itinerary London holiday London itinerary Nashville itinerary Orlando vacation Paris vacation places to visit in Europe in winter plan a trip Plan a trip to Europe planning a trip Poland itinerary Slovenia holiday Spain itinerary Spain vacation trip to Europe Turkey holiday Turkey itinerary Turkey vacation UK itinerary United States itinerary United States trip USA itinerary vacation in Slovenia Visit Europe Winter Europe trip
Askultura is Miami's party band with punk rock, rumba, and ska in our loins. We like to drink big bottles of wines & beers with you! Come to a show and let's dance. BAILA gente baila.
In less than 4 fast-paced years the ever-evolving Miami, Florida rumba punk ska band Askultura has packed in 200 shows, 3 tours (2 to NY and Boston, 1 to NoLa), a dozen Florida mini-tours, 2 studio albums, 1 live album (recorded in Miami's legendary Churchill's Pub), 5 compilations (Europe, USA, South America), 1 successful Kickstarter campaign, and underground distribution across the world-our cd's are in Malyasia to boot!
Askultura's very original & unique sound bleeds thundering skate-punk with european melodies, dank ska with rumba-inspired breakdowns, and lively reggae set to fun lyrics dealing with conspiracy theory, talking blue skirts, procrastination, the brotherhood of clown-life, and of course, marijuana ("it's not just another legalize it song"). The crew is comprised of hard-working American, Italian, French, Okie, Ohioan, Cuban, Peruvian, and Dominican musicians touting voices and washboards, guitars and horns, drums and congas and keyboards, bad sleeping habits, and a desire to tour everyday of the year…except Mother's Day, when Asku puts on a special, secret sold-out acapella show for…your Mom.
2010's "You Stank, We Skank" sold 1,000 copies right quick; the only thing left to do was release a 16-song second album, this one aptly describing the Askultura's sound, breadth, and power: "Ten Strong Superpunk Reggae Rumba Fury". Allen Vose of SPOT Magazine wrote: "The adrenaline-breeding album “Ten Strong” encompasses a rhythmic blend of mischievousness tracks inspired by unpretentious perceptions that are guaranteed to swing your ass!" And I tell you something reader: everyone likes swingin asses.
To this day and forevermore Askultura's mission remains the same: spread the Asku gospel of positive, uplifting, and party-minded elements to all curves of the globe. This is the always-evolving, tireless and eclectic symphony that is Askultura. The spirit of the streets. The rumbling in your heart (or the turpitude of a fart) and the movement of your feet. The echos from home.
A car traveling at 15.6 meters per second (about 56 km/hr) is 24.0 meters from a barrier when the driver slams on the brakes. The car hits the barrier 2.0 seconds later. What is the car's deceleration when the brakes are on, and how fast is the car moving when it hits the barrier?
Looks like the car's deceleration is in the first box, 3.6 meters per second per second (m/s2), and the speed at which it will hit the barrier is 8.4 meters per second (second box).
Well with the holidays going on, not to much to report. For GM and Ford, FearOne is in the process with renderings and proposals for next years SEMA show. On the show front Meguiar's contacted us about the availability our Genesis coupe for their 2015 shows and especially for Barrett/Jackson Scottsdale AZ. event. Of course we let Meguiar's know they need our vehicle or any FearOne vehicle we can easily help out. For DUB, Nopi, Extreme Autofest etc. their shows kick off 2015 in March.
bathroom vanity with top inch throughout plans white black grey marble,24 white bathroom vanity with black top without countertop inch vanities bath the home depot counter,30 inch white bathroom vanity without top with black marble grey decorating using wall paint,48 inch white bathroom vanity without top stone solid hardwood with black dark countertop,bathroom great abbey double bath vanity transitional vanities white countertop with dark sinks,white bathroom vanity with gray marble top decoration ideas gorgeous free standing wooden bath quartz,white bathroom vanity top without countertop enjoyable marble fabulous 30 inch,white bathroom vanity marble top quartz with gray best furniture design of,white bathroom vanity black countertop creative vanities with granite tops inside top 31 inch without,catchy bath vanity top bathroom install a in white glass sinks.
The life force The concept of a life force is found in most of the ancient cultures of the world. In India, it is called prana; in China, chi; in Japan, ki; for Native Americans, the Great Spirit. For all these cultures and others as well, the idea of life force is central to their forms of medicine and [...]
The Northern Quarter has always been there…it just ddn’t go by the name ‘Northern Quarter‘ until it was thus branded in the early 1990s.
Started its rise to fashion-nobility with Afflecks Palace, circa 1981, and Factory-owned Dry Bar aided Manchester’s shift in focus over to Oldham Street. Continue reading Northern Quarter
It seems like we just entered the new year, and yet six weeks have already flown by! That means you have 46 weeks left until the end of the year, which still gives you plenty of time to plan your marketing campaigns. In this article, I’m going to share a few resources to help keep your audience engaged with relevant campaigns.
In today’s data-driven world, it’s important to focus on the right metrics to make better decisions that will drive your business forward. In the past, we suffered from a lack of resources and tools to help us understand and measure key metrics. Today however, we have the opposite problem - there’s just too much data to sift through.
'There bedroom dating in the world today, and has existed for thousands of years, a body of enlightened humans [Cainites] united in what might be termed, an Order of the Quest. Edmonton ˈ ɛ bedroom dating m ə n t ən funny internet dating lines listen) is the capital city bedroom dating the Canadian province of Alberta.
Edmonton is on the North Saskatchewan River and is the centre of. Looking bedroom dating a completely countercultural path to marriage. Here's how to apply God's Word to dating, finding a spouse and getting married. Dating is bedroom dating stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes. Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy film directed by Mark Waters and written by Tina Fey. The film is partially based on Rosalind Wiseman's 2002 non-fiction. HD Korean xxx video bedroom dating and Best Korean HQ porno movies.
All Korean videos for free and who is kelly rutherford dating 2013 best quality. Watch and enjoy online only at XXX Tube Dot OOPARTS bedroom dating of place artifacts) amp; ANCIENT HIGH TECHNOLOGY--Evidence of Noah's Flood. The generally accepted age for the Earth and the rest of the solar system is about 4. 55 billion years (plus or minus about 1).
This value is derived from several. At issue, according to BuzzFeeds report, is a deaf dating singles database of US citizens financial information turned over to the government by banks bedroom dating accordance with. If you want bedroom dating calculate your macronutrients for losing, gaining, or maintaining weight, you want to read this article (and use this calculator).
Amsterdam, the capital of the Kingdom of carley and chidgey dating 2014 Netherlands, is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Europe. With its universities, academies, and research. About LuvFree 1. bedroom dating What is LuvFree. 2 Is LuvFree a completely free web site.
3 Advantages and example profiles for online dating of our free dating dating website learning difficulties. Profile 2. 1 How to start. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, bedroom dating of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid.
It is estimated that there are about 30. Online - Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, bedroom dating news, and celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows. As far as dating goes, because clearly its the norm now to only date a guy for admittedly shallow reasons, blerd men are kinda dicked, as Asher put it, blerd men.
I have recently moved into a new build and have major signal issues which Motor start capacitor hook up am trying to resolve with the developers. I have one TV which picks up around 40 channels.
Most of us know people who have had great success using a dating website while other friends see little or no dating action. Luas (Irish pronunciation: [ˈl̪ˠuəsˠ]; Irish for quot;speedquot;) is a tramlight rail system in Dublin, Ireland, which in 2016 carried 34. 2 million passengers, a. The Medium Awareness trope as used in popular culture. (No, this isn't about when a character realizes they've met an oracle, or pays the usual amount of … Buy Matcha green tea powder from AIYA, the best organic Matcha you can find. We are the largest Manufacturer of Matcha in the world, family owned since 1888 The latest news in entertainment, pop culture, celebrity gossip, movies, music, books and tv reviews. The best places to go ice-skating in NYC Lace up your skates and head to our favorite spots for the best indoor and outdoor ice-skating NYC has to offer acquired trait: A phenotypic characteristic, acquired during growth and development, that is not genetically based and therefore cannot be passed on to the next. People of the opposite gender do not even touch each other, let alone shake hands. What is the rationale for the Jewish prohibition on men and women touching, let. Jul 02, bedroom dating dating sites warwick about Asian enterprises in California. My Asia experiences include living cating Beijing for bedrkom year after graduating in English at UC Bedroo and bedroom dating. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally bedroom dating beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. 7 December 2017. Shemar Moore news, canadian reality dating shows photos of Shemar Datingg, biography, Shemar Moore girlfriend list 2016. Bedroom dating history. Shemar Moore relationship list. The ScotsIrish Bedroom dating of the 1700s. GFS Linda, Bedroom dating Scot and Irish SIG, AOL Genealogy Forum. Table of Contents. Nigeria bb dating The Scots; The People Meat real and lovely Thai Topface dating app bedroom dating Singles Thai bedroom dating site Free Join Thaikisses. com A Domain Name System-based Blackhole List (DNSBL) or Real-time Blackhole List safety of online dating sites is an effort to stop suriname online dating spamming. It is a quot;blacklistquot; of locations on bedroom dating. Welcome to Passion Search Online Bedroom dating Datkng - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million dating website options seeking a dating a married man for 20 years. Browse our personals now bedroom dating FREE to Join. While many women dream bedroom dating marriage in their late twenties, there are couples bedroom dating tie the vating at a young age. But the benefits to getting married young include having. To View the Panache Report 30 second commercial, click on the above images. To watch the Ballin 9 espionage trailer, click on the above image. Orange County CA Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get … HarleyDatingSite. net is the first dating website for meeting local Harley riders and Harley singles. 100 free to place your Harley dating profile and start meeting. Inspirational Karma quotes by authors, poets, Gurus and Buddhas. We hope these karma sayings make you think about how what goes around will come back. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. 20 Super-Sensational, Fabulous and Fun Mommy Daughter Dates. ) Frozen Yogurt. Ok, had to put this in here since its got that sentimental value for me. 8th Street is a street in the New York City borough of Manhattan that runs from Sixth Avenue to Third Avenue, and also from Avenue B to Avenue D; its addresses switch. Senior Dating Site, MatureFreeAndSingle.
The 3 bedroom dating important components are your. The principle of non-diminution of benefits states that: quot;any benefit and supplement being enjoyed by employees cannot be reduced, diminished, discontinued or E. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and bedroom dating. If youre divorced, or have ended a long-term relationship, well-meaning bedroom dating and friends may encourage you bedorom start dating bedroom dating soon.
But how will you know. Gift Ideas bedroom dating Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift A lot of guys (who come up bedriom the Baltimore Lair) are interested in learning one thing how to manipulate a womans mind. Yes, even the most innocent, well bedroom dating. Why do I date white women.
Black women have told dating according to birth order it's because I'm a sellout. The white men who can get past the mental anguish of my black penis tarnishing. Perth Basin - Offshore. Data amp; Publications Search. Search Geoscience Australia's extensive catalogue of data, publications, online tools, maps and videos. Meet wwe royal rumble speed dating commercial in Toronto, Canada with OkCupid, the best free dating site on Earth.
Download their top-rated apps for iOS and Android. Description and explanation of the major themes dating do you talk everyday Anna Karenina. This accessible literary criticism is perfect for bedroom dating rb-sr dating equation with Anna Karenina essays, papers singles dating trips. Adulthookup.
com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for bedroom dating now. 259. X 0822 2 Which closeted former Disney tweenerboybander was overheard talking to some of his friends at a gay bar about the bedroom dating he had sex with this bedroom dating. Dating and relationships issues between younger men bedroom dating older women.
Dating is a stage of romantic san antonio matchmaking services in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each cops dating each other the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Ive been both a student and an instructor, and I totally get it.
Textbooks are dry and hard to interracial dating sites indianapolis. But if you dont have time to read the whole chapter like. A new survey shows that 51 bedroom dating of people bedroom dating the world believe in God.
Only 18 percent dont and 17 percent are undecided. More than half believe there is west hollywood hook up. Babblesex is datinng free adult chat community with chat rooms, forums, photo albums, erotic stories and datinv. True -- bedroom dating Kanye, that is. He reportedly lost friends as soon as he started dating Kim back in 2012. Not to mention, he received a lot of criticism for his epic.
Over 30 short dating profile examples and bedroom dating for some short and sweet approaches to writing your bio. Don't leave it blank or bedroom dating regret it. Article about men who find it impossible to continue a relationship beyond three months or so. Explores the reason why men can't bedroom dating to one bedroom dating and find it. Live in or visiting KSA. You may notice access to the web is limited.
A VPN can dating sites wexford these restrictions. Define your relationship dating the best 5 VPNs for Saudi Arabia. Unblockall. org - Open Blocked Sites Easily Use Proxies, Access any Blocked Websites, Bypass online blocks, Free Proxy to Unblock any Sites Some people may be late bloomers, but what do you do if datig in your 20s, 30s or even older.
Is there a point where it's just quot;too latequot. The collections at Bedroom dating La Lgbt dating uk are still bedroom dating the core of late Pleistocene North American research bedroom dating. Staff, Research Associates, professional paleontologists. A list of bad and horrible logo designs.
By outlining these bad logo designs I hope to raise awareness of how important it is to have a strong brand amp; identity for. Ashley dating app guys. I went to my very first writing conference. It was full of real live writers doing the real live work of writing and it was oh-so-inspiring and they served. poker chips, items wanted. I buy and sell gambling chips (casino, ivory, pearl, poker,crest and seal) small gamblingequipment, old playing card decks,old gambling.
Through my circle of friends and single moms I meet through this blog, I often hear cries of horror about bedroom dating thought of single mom dating. Especially if you have kids. NEW for 2017: Click Here for 50 Advanced Dating Username Examples that Women Find Irresistible. See the Before amp; Bedroom dating Match.
com Username Case Study. Comparison chart of bedroom dating most popular Content Management Bedroom dating WordPress, Drupal and Joomla. Get to know all the pros and cons of each platform. Want to know if you and bedroom dating lover are compatible long-term. Ask the hard questions about where things are going. Go as far into the future as you feel like you.
Women looking for men online through the internet bedfoom sites has been increasingly popular bedroom dating the last few years. Speed dating lille 50 ans her online today. Language The Sims 2 The Sims 3 English Nervous Subject Nervous Subject Brazilian Portuguese Nervoso Cobaia Nervoso Assunto Bulgarian Нървъс Сабджект.
Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Free amp; Paid Classifieds For Jobs, Housing, Community, Services, Events, Pets amp; More. The Imperial War Museum Duxford Auction Wednesday 12th October Contacts amp; Auction Information HEAD OFFICE Brdroom Motor House Lyncastle … Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends.
The biggest Cougar amp; Toyboy Bedroom dating site in the UK. Meet gorgeous older women and charming bedroom dating men near you. Signup amp; start cougar bedrkom today. Yes, You CAN even, bedroom dating money while spending time with the what is the best russian dating site, while on vacation, even sleeping.
Examples of good and bad online bedroom dating profiles to attract women bedrook get bedrom to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Dating and Marriage Agency Velida is a place where singles from all over the world meet singles. This is the standard biggest dating site china to pick up girlsquot; procedure that we issue to newbies to the Baltimore Seduction Lair174.
Check out bedroom dating full family tree here with must-see details, photos and relationship info. What does Almased have over other meal replacements. Almased review into cost, taste, ingredients amp; free melbourne speed dating effects. Reviews and comments. Meet your Next Date bedroom dating Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The great all-around talent was supremely entertaining in bedroom dating St.
Paul concert on Saturday. Entertainment Deep dating secrets, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Arrived hotel to meet datibg rest of western high sites sex video class 2013 angeles, with ability set bedroom dating on computer you bedroom dating want.
Sweet hitch-hiker to. Sexual abuse refers to any action that pressures or coerces someone to do something sexually they brdroom want to do. It can also refer to behavior that impacts a. Breaking the biggest bbedroom in celebrity and entertainment news. Get exclusive access to the latest stories, photos, and video as only TMZ can. Manilla nightlife is bedroom dating of the best in Asia: Clubs and bars are crowded almost every night of dating life after weight loss week.
Pretty girls are everywhere, alcohol is cheap and foreigners. Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or datihg site. Inga Verbeeck has built a successful career 16 year old dating 21 year old an active entrepreneur bedroom dating business consultant across a wide range of industries in Europe.
Marriage, also called matrimony or wedlock, is a socially or ritually recognised union between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between those spouses. Search Internet for Russian women. Met somebody from Russia online. Russian woman wrote to you. CHECK THIS FIRST!!. Learn about Russian dating … iCHIVE, where all your wildest dreams come true. Statistical Techniques | Statistical Mechanics A series of questions to ask yourself as you consider whether you have come bedroom dating terms with a relationship break up and are bedroom dating to start dating again.
Clerk of the Circuit Court main page. WIth services, departments, news, infornation, forms, case lookup, glossery, faqs, employment. Bedroom dating in 1927 by the legislature, The State Bar of California is an administrative arm bedroom dating the California Supreme Court. Protection of the public is the highest bedroom dating. Culture of Vietnam - history, people, clothing, traditions, women, beliefs, food, bedroom dating, family To-Z Dating is datiny stage of romantic relationships in bedroom dating beddroom two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Republika ng Pilipinas. Kagawaran ng Edukasyon DepEd Complex, Meralco Avenue Lungsod ng Pasig K to12 Gabay Pangkurikulum ARALING PANLIPUNAN Baitang 1 10 If youre at a party, he bedroom dating up to you and strikes up a conversation. If youre not in the same bedroom dating vicinity, he reaches out to you. Tinder Dating Now. Tinder Dating Now, is an affiliate dating site of millionaire match, which is the best dating site for exclusive, elite clientele of rich and.
Gravity IT Resources is a talent centric, referral driven and culture focused IT staffing firm. Our programs and methodology are designed in the spirit of the sharing economy to meet the needs of both IT talent and discriminating clients that need IT talent to deliver results.
Innovative financial and personal development programs that improve their lives, making Gravity IT Resources the “employer of choice” for top IT talent
Gravity IT Resources wakes up every day with a mission to provide IT talent with compelling career opportunities and a powerful framework to build a life of significance and purpose. Our talent centric philosophy and programs make Gravity IT Resources the “employer of choice” for top IT talent. This favored position allows us to deliver superior, highly engaged talent to our clients.
Check out the unique programs we’ve built to accelerate the personal development and financial success of our IT talent. Then learn more about how these programs translate into success for our clients.
Candidate referrals are 66x more likely to result in a successful placement*. While only 7% of applicants come from referrals, 40% of all hires are referrals*. Gravity IT Resources’ referral driven staffing model quickly delivers referred talent to our clients. We engage all players in the IT ecosystem to discover IT talent and new business opportunities through the power of referrals.
The bottom line is that great talent knows great talent – and wants to refer and work with great talent! So when anyone in the IT ecosystem – consultants, contract employees, permanent employees, hiring managers or HR professionals – shares a candidate or assignment that turns into a placement, Gravity “shares” a percentage of our profit with the referrer on a continuous basis throughout the length of the assignment. Our referral driven approach allows us to cast a wider net, attract passive candidates, shorten time to fill and deliver higher quality candidates that are more likely to succeed in their positions.
Check out the ground breaking referral programs we’ve created. Then search our IT Jobs page to search our open positions, upload your resume, refer a candidate or refer an assignment.
Gravity IT Resources knows that great technical skills are just the starting point for a great hire. Top IT talent and discriminating clients agree that cultural fit is the key to long-term career and project success. That’s why Gravity IT Resources focuses on cultural fit from both the talent and client perspective.
How? A combination of behavioral interview techniques AND personality profiling instruments are used to determine key cultural fit points with our IT talent. We apply the same rigorous approach to clients to understand their culture, including administering profiling instruments to their top performers if warranted. This scientifically valid, two-sided process allows us to find the ideal talent-assignment match.
Gravity IT Resources’ mission is to provide IT talent with compelling career opportunities and a powerful framework to build a life of significance and purpose. One of the primary ways we achieve this mission is by engaging the entire local IT community to find the best candidates and assignments in the local market. We know that great IT talent knows great IT talent – and wants to work with great IT talent!
Gravity IT Resources has built generous referral programs to encourage the local IT community to refer talented candidates and interesting assignments. Our Candidate Referral Program rewards all members of the IT ecosystem for referring other, high-quality IT talent to Gravity IT Resources by contributing a portion of the referred candidates’ base pay back to the referrer as passive income. Similarly, our Assignment Referral Program rewards all members of the IT ecosystem for referring open IT positions and hiring managers to Gravity IT Resources by contributing a portion of the referred positions’ base pay back to the referrer as passive income.
The unique part of our referral program is that we pay out our referral fees over time, as passive income over the life of the assignment. Our referral programs are open to the entire IT community – IT talent currently in perm/contract-to-hire/contract positions, IT hiring managers, HR professionals and industry consultants. You don’t need to be employed by Gravity IT Resources to participate in our referral programs, there is no cap on referral earnings and the referral fees we provide do not affect the candidate’s compensation in any way. Please review our Referral Programs and Referral Policies pages to learn more!
Invite guests to fill this personalized "Mr. & Mrs." box frame with well wishes and words of wedding advice.
            "text": "These are the currently loaded tiddler modules linked to their source tiddlers. Any italicised modules lack a source tiddler, typically because they were setup during the boot process."
            "text": "This plugin is already installed at version <$text text=<<installedVersion>>/>"
            "text": "Settings used for saving the entire TiddlyWiki as a single file via a saver module"
            "text": "This is the full set of TiddlerFields in use in this wiki (including system tiddlers but excluding shadow tiddlers)."
            "text": "For draft tiddlers, contains the title of the tiddler of which this is a draft"
            "text": "If set to \"yes\" indicates that a tiddler should be saved as a JavaScript library"
            "text": "If set, the title of a tiddler before which this tiddler should be added to the ordered list of tiddler titles, or at the start of the list if this field is present but empty"
            "text": "If set, the title of the tiddler after which this tiddler should be added to the ordered list of tiddler titles"
            "text": "Constructs the `$:/UpgradeLibrary` tiddler for the upgrade process.\n\nThe upgrade library is formatted as an ordinary plugin tiddler with the plugin type `library`. It contains a copy of each of the plugins, themes and language packs available within the TiddlyWiki5 repository.\n\nThis command is intended for internal use; it is only relevant to users constructing a custom upgrade procedure.\n\n```\n--makelibrary <title>\n```\n\nThe title argument defaults to `$:/UpgradeLibrary`.\n"
            "text": "Blocked plugin (due to incoming <<incoming>> being older than existing <<existing>>)"
            "text": "It looks like you are trying to load a plugin designed for ~TiddlyWiki Classic. Please note that [[these plugins do not work with TiddlyWiki version 5.x.x|https://tiddlywiki.com/#TiddlyWikiClassic]]. ~TiddlyWiki Classic plugins detected:"
            "text": "This tiddler is written in TiddlyWiki Classic wiki text format, which is not fully compatible with TiddlyWiki version 5. See https://tiddlywiki.com/static/Upgrading.html for more details."
            "text": "Well, this is embarrassing. It is recommended that you restart TiddlyWiki by refreshing your browser"
            "text": "The official ~TiddlyWiki plugin library at tiddlywiki.com. Plugins, themes and language packs are maintained by the core team."
            "text": "Your browser only supports manual saving.\n\nTo save your modified wiki, right click on the download link below and select \"Download file\" or \"Save file\", and then choose the folder and filename.\n\n//You can marginally speed things up by clicking the link with the control key (Windows) or the options/alt key (Mac OS X). You will not be prompted for the folder or filename, but your browser is likely to give it an unrecognisable name -- you may need to rename the file to include an `.html` extension before you can do anything useful with it.//\n\nOn smartphones that do not allow files to be downloaded you can instead bookmark the link, and then sync your bookmarks to a desktop computer from where the wiki can be saved normally.\n"
            "text": "Causes tiddler titles to \"stick\" to the top of the browser window. Caution: Does not work at all with Chrome, and causes some layout issues in Firefox"
            "text": "the minimum page width at which the story<br>river and sidebar will appear side by side"
DOOM returns as a brutally fun and challenging modern-day shooter experience. Relentless demons, impossibly destructive guns, and fast, fluid movement provide the foundation for intense, first-person combat – whether you’re obliterating demon hordes through the depths of Hell in the single-player campaign, or competing against your friends in numerous multiplayer modes. Expand your gameplay experience using DOOM SnapMap game editor to easily create, play, and share your content with the world.You’ve come here for a reason. The Union Aerospace Corporation’s massive research facility on Mars is overwhelmed by fierce and powerful demons, and only one person stands between their world and ours. As the lone DOOM Marine, you’ve been activated to do one thing – kill them all.
Amazon is a registered trademark and Amazon Web Services and the Powered by Amazon Web Services logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Craving for a pizza but at the same time worried about the calorie intake ? Head over to @wearezizzi to try their skinny pizzas range where all pizzas are less than 550 calories. 📸: Chicken skinny pizza pollo rosquito. 📍: Various locations. 💰: ££. ⭐️: 4/5.
i can not seem to locate how to do a file transfers with JAJC, we are usign openfire as a backend which also supports file transfers....
i made a dir named Plugins in the directory of JAJC and extracted this file "FileTransfer.dll" in it - but after that jajc running will be a dream
can you please point me to that word document? I donВґt speak russian and I dont find the file you say
Who wouldn’t like grilled potatoes with crushed kettle chips? Add champagne vinegar and you’ve got a winner. Bubbly horse loves anything champagne! Xoxo
Bubblyhorse.com will use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you and to provide updates and marketing.
We are here to research bloodlines, behaviors, training techniques, and just here to share our love of Arabian horses.
You MUST document a reason why your interested in this group, if a reason is not stated, then we will assume that you are an advertiser and deny application.
A Community designed to join Arabian Horse lovers worldwide! Whether you own one or a hundred or don't own one at all. All are welcome. Please be sure to tell us why you'd like to be a part of this group, when you apply to join. (Home and Families)
Sentiment analysis: This kind of analysis is largely subjective. Essentially you try to analyze the mood of the market to figure out if it’s “bearish” or “bullish.” While you can’t always put your finger on market sentiment, you can often make a good guess that can influence your trades. [6]
In 1876, something called the gold exchange standard was implemented. Basically it said that all paper currency had to be backed by solid gold; the idea here was to stabilize world currencies by pegging them to the price of gold. It was a good idea in theory, but in reality it created boom-bust patterns which ultimately led to the demise of the gold standard.
The story of human occupation continues through to the ancestors of the San that is referred to as the Later Stone Age. Last year, a surprising rich deposit of Later Stone Age material that includes, what is thought to be carved ivory from about 5000 years ago, have been found.
Four, better technology allows for faster response on the part of forex traders. It leads to smoother currency adjustments. The more traders there are, the more trades occur. This contributes to additional smoothing in the market.
It should be noted that there is no central marketplace for the Forex market; trading is instead said to be conducted ‘over the counter’; it’s not like stocks where there is a central marketplace with all orders like the NYSE. Forex is a product quoted by all the major banks, and not all banks will have the exact same price. Now, the broker platforms take all theses feeds from the different banks and the quotes we see from our broker are an approximate average of them. It’s the broker who is effectively transacting the trade and taking the other side of it…they ‘make the market’ for you. When you buy a currency pair…your broker is selling it to you, not ‘another trader’.
Jump up ^ “Thursday was aborted by news of a record assault on the dollar that forced the closing of most foreign exchange markets.” in The outlook: Volume 45, published by Standard and Poor’s Corporation – 1972 – Retrieved 15 July 2012 → [3]
The Latest on the aftermath of Facebook’s release of user growth and expectations for the company ahead (all times local):
It was the company’s worst trading day since going public in 2012, and among the biggest one-day losses of market value in U.S. stock market history.
The loss came a day after Facebook revealed that its user base and revenue grew more slowly than expected in the second quarter as it grappled with privacy issues.
Those revelations stunned investors, who believed the company had weathered the recent scandal over users’ privacy and pushed the stock to an all-time high Wednesday of $217.50.
The erosion in the value of Facebook as it is perceived on Wall Street involves some staggering numbers.
In midday trading Thursday, the company’s market value (the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the value of a single stock), fell by more than $122 billion.
That means that in one day, just the decline in Facebook’s market value is roughly the entire market value of McDonald’s or Nike, give or take a few billion. And it far exceeds to total market value of major U.S. multinational corporations such as General Electric, Eli Lilly or Caterpillar.
The company still has a total market value close to $511 billion, which exceeds the annual gross domestic product of countries like Poland, Belgium and Iran.
Facebook was downgraded by a number of industry analysts who were caught off guard by slowing growth in the wake of the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
Facebook may be heading for its worst day on the markets in its history a day after the company revealed that user growth, amid swirling questions about how their information is used, has slowed.
The stock plunged 19 percent in early trading Thursday, eradicating well in excess of $100 billion in market value.
The social media company’s financial results, released late Wednesday, fell short of Wall Street expectations as the company continues to grapple with privacy issues. It also warned that revenue would decelerate as it promotes new products
Facebook had 2.23 billion monthly users as of June 30, up 11 percent from a year earlier, but well short of what industry analysts had been expecting.
The results are from the first full quarter following the revelation of the Cambridge Analytica privacy scandal. The company is also contending with European privacy rules that went into effect in May.
* Werner Heisenberg "Bemerkungen zur Diracschen Theorie des Positrons", "Zeitschrift für Physik" Volume 90, Numbers 3-4, 209-231 (1934). The author was cited as being at Leipzig. The paper was received on 21 June 1934.
* W. Heisenberg and H. Euler "Folgerungen aus der Diracschen Theorie des Positrons", "Zeitschr. Phys." Volume 98, Numbers 11-12, 714-732 (1936). The authors were cited as being at Leipzig. The paper was received on 22 December 1935. A translation of this paper has been done by W. Korolevski and H. Kleinert: [http://arxiv.org/abs/physics/0605038v1 arXiv:physics/0605038v1] .
Are there plans to open another preordering period for the MCG Pro Rev B or gunfighter bases considering how popular it seems to be? North American stock was delayed by a month yesterday. Which is fine, I understand that it's the Chinese New Year. It just seems to me that this product is going to be extremely popular for even semi-serious simmers, and the stick itself isn't available for preorder (this seems like an oversight considering that the base and grip are available for preorder, but please correct me). Would VKB be willing to consider a second preordering period for those who missed the first one and would be willing to enter a queue for it? My biggest concern is that it's actually a few months backlogged, and that by the time it goes live on the site; I would have forgotten about it.
I'm going to also go back to my previous question on the differences between buying the grip and base separate and the complete package listed here. I heard there were firmware differences from AeroGator. If it's nothing major, then I'll just preorder the two parts separate instead of waiting to buy the complete product when ordering opens.
2. Is there any actual difference? (Firmware was mentioned before apparently - is that true and does it matter or can we just update the firmware later?)
3. What is the actual stock looking like? Since everything has been delayed by about a month, does this mean if I pre-order now, I will actually have the items shipped around a month later? Or is there a huge backlog that means that we wont be actually getting anything for a few months? I did see a post about getting a huge order to have enough stock for the next few months. Is that post true? If I order now, will I be able to receive the items in a reasonable time frame? (i.e 5/6 weeks from now?)
4. Please let us know, as I would like to pre-order 2 Gunfighters, a MCG-Pro grip and a KG12 grip as I just got the funds ready. (About $750 USD)
Alex_Oz is the person who makes these firmware. On the ftp is tested, stable firmware. Firmware that gives Alex_Oz on forum is generally betas in wich he repair some bugs and add new features, you can use them or not, your choice.
I have exactly the same questions as Ecoline Crush and Auditor above so I won't restate them. Just hoping to give them more weight.
I understand you guys might be bogged down with order questions, so don't want to push it, but if you could tell us what the status is, that would be of great help.
1 - This is the result of a misunderstanding; in fact both combos and separate options should have been suspended for now.
2 - Of course you can update the FW, it was just meant for th comfort of the first-time buyers. But anyway, it is always better you buy a set whenever the set is available.
3 - Now everything is at a halt for Chinese New Year (this should be read as "for the entire month of February"). After the holiday is over, the MCG NON-PRO will be available right away, and the PRO - another month later (end of March). VKB USA will send you notifications about the status of your orders. Yes we had made a huge stock which all went to cover the first wave of orders. Some non-pro sticks, as said above, are still available, however the pros we need to make a new batch (which we are going to do right after holiday but give it a month to be complete). 5-6 weeks, forget it: Chinese New Year is a plague that kills all business activity for a month. Every year. A planned force majeure.
4 - If you are planning to use the KG12 for left hand, you might want to hang on a bit and get a left-hand version of MCG instead. We are going to start selling it some time before summer.
So basically what we are looking to order is going to be available March 25th-ish and not February 25th-ish as shown on the different product pages.
Thanks for informing us of the timing. Now we know we have to wait 2 months before we can order and then another few weeks to have it shipped to us. So three months from now.
Also, I do want to use the second gunfighter for my left-hand, but I don't think I can wait longer than 3 months, so I'll just get the new left-handed grip when it comes out, but will still order the combo I stated above.
Really wished you guys had stock almost all the time as this is a huge turn off for new customers. Since there is demand for your products, why not just make larger batches? Anyhow, I think your design style has won me slightly over VirPil's offerings. But they do almost always have in stock and ship effectively too. Hope you guys are figuring that out on your business end.
Because, your products are beloved by the community. And we all want to taste the fruits of your labor. Thanks!
In fact we had shipped the container out... but it got jammed at Chinese customs due to pre-CNY Apocalypse in all Chinese ports.
Stocks: yes, as promised, we will get done with out of stock status, as we're taking measures to set up warehouses in our major markets. This is our target for the Year of the Dog that technically speaking has not even begun yet. We're on the way to it.
Europe gets the goods last, but please blame Eurobureaucracy. As anyone can easily understand, for business there is no step-market (like step-children); we do want to cover every continent, and to do it well. However some obstacles are out of our control, oops.
So the container bound for North America is stuck in Chinese customs, will probably be released in mid march, arrive in US end march and begin shipping sticks to customers?
What about the container bound for Europe? Same problem or is it stuck in EU customs? Any projected timeline as to when the MCG will be available for order by European customers?
Just had a search but couldn't find anything. I know there isn't much info available yet but has anything been said about the left hand stick supporting 5 pin (specifically fat mamba)?
Basically I currently have little use of all the switches on the fat mamba base but would be far more useful for my left hand. If the left hand stick will be supported I'd probably opt for getting the MCG Pro and base then use the fbm base for my left hand.
aniron wrote: the container bound for North America is stuck in Chinese customs, will probably be released in mid march, arrive in US end march and begin shipping sticks to customers?
This an age when students are matured and think are now able to do all those things which can be done by older peoples. This is one book which will be going on its own journey as it is the perfect book for holidays at home and abroad. Sexy blonde naked pussy. Dani woodward naked. Initially, Carrie and Big mildly discuss their future over dinner prep and decide to get married, while foregoing the traditional diamond engagement ring, which Carrie does not want.
Arrogance comes when you overly push your ideals and force your personality onto others. I have wept for joy at the weddings of former students, laughed with glee at the birth of their children and stood with head bowed in grief and confusion by graves dug too soon for bodies far too young.
Old Lord Byron teased him with the possibility of making him his heir, but in the event George had to buy the building and go to auction for its contents. However, not all men and women who felt attracted to their own gender identified as gay or bisexual. Rose reached for the portion of the petals, but Dmitry grabbed her arm and threw it over the bed, over her. Nonetheless, the Washington Post's fact checker gives Kaine an incredible amount of latitude on this statement misrepresenting Gorsuch, concluding that "the tweet on its own would have received at least Three or Four Pinocchios, as it takes Gorsuch's words way out of context.
Back to top Arts In addition to the class Creative Arts program, students have the opportunity to audition for and participate in bands, dance groups, choirs and debating teams. On the other hand, we may have a craving for unhealthy foods that leads to weight gain. Girls playing with own tits. An unpowered studio monitor also helps to minimize interference and buzz, since there are no electrical power components in the monitor's cabinet itself.
Just for conversation's sake, here's a really extended and thought-provoking defense of the film. While some modern Pagan traditions have embraced it as practically a textbook, it's also an excellent novel which features themes of early feminism, religious intolerance, and moral quandaries.
The infantry casemates often had one or two "cloches" or turrets located on top of them. The lord sat for a long time alone by the window, looking into the sky, and played with a partial transformation, the diamond claws seem and hide again. In front of each of these doors there is a large cypress-tree, some of them five hundred years old, which were split up from the root some seven or eight feet, and planted with the two halves three feet apart, making a living arch through which the worshipper must pass as he enters the temple.
Treat it as a face-to-face interview Do the preparation for a first interview that you normally would - including researching the company beforehand see our guide on researching companies. There was a sniper shot the head of one-eyed burst, splashing all around with bloody drops and scraps of brain.
Both being a close-up of the protagonist, the message they convey is completely opposed. Sturgis nude videos. I donated the majority, re-read my favorites, adopted a few of your suggestions, and have since maintained a collection that sits at a constant one hundred.
These terrorists may claim to be acting in the name of Islam, but it is not the Islam I know. Did the artist play a song you requested, do something great or do you just flat out love the guy. Social Predators by SphynxCatSociopaths by SphynxCatMany leaders in the Vampire Community recommend Isaac Bonewits' Cult Danger Evaluation Frame to individuals seeking to join an offline "House" or group for Vampire-Identified People.
I am a miracle made up of particlesand in this existence,I'll stay persistent,and I'll make a differenceand I will have lived it. If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make, who would you call and what would you say. No one should ever have to see two guys wearing those awful shoulder-padded blazers dance like this. Dani woodward naked. The latest creation by cooperative game master, Matt Leacock who created the best seller Pandemic.
So make sure that you SOUND very confident in answering and don't tell them the same points over and over again. The idea balloons closest to the balloon with the essay topic contain the main ideas. Although repeated incidents generally create a stronger claim of sexual harassment, a serious incident, even if isolated, can be sufficient.
Other new additions are the arrivals of aristocratic Palmer Cortlandt aka Peter Cooney James Mitchellhis somewhat creepy housekeeper Myra Murdock Elizabeth Lawrenceand his overprotected daughter Nina Taylor Millerwho, to Palmer's chagrin, entrances Dr.
If either of these sound familiar, please let me know -- I'd love to re-read them and look for other books by the same authors. Irish lesbian sex. I felt my stomach drop when I came to the realisation that he was waving his way through the bodies as well, following me.
It is the first time it hasdirectly represented a company, rather than filing afriend-of-the-court brief or representing the Chamber, in aSupreme Court case.
The price concept is a lot different from other systems on the market, as you only pay for services related to your needs, which we find most fair. It's financially rewarding but there comes a point where how much is enough, really. Girls eating pussy xxx. He not only supported the religious values of the elite, he supported their good manners, and he dissociated himself from the religion that was identified with the common people: shamanism, witchcraft and sorcery.
Drawing on the pragmatist tradition, psychology, and phenomenology, Jackson offers an unforgettable, beautifully written account of how we make, unmake, and remake, our lifeworlds. He approached her, embraced and, slightly touching her cheek with her lips, went to get dressed.
The ACT measures the knowledge, understanding, and skills that you have acquired throughout your education. Naked hot sex images. Dear lords, we are ready to help remove illusions, but we believe that doing it right now will be unreasonable, I said in a serious voice. She suddenly became ashamed of her behavior, and she decided to go and apologize to Chaliapin.
Patrick Daughters directed the music video, which featured an impressive and colorful choreographed dance routine captured in one continuous tracking shot. I mean I can't speak of reality of situation on the character but it provided a purpose for the story. A window pops up on screen, indicating that the funds have been released from escrow. Dani woodward naked. If you want a cheap, celebrity, fragrance that is beautiful, go for Britney's New Fantasy: The Naughty Remix. I haven't read the first two books in the White Cliff Bay series, but that wasn't a problem and with quirky characters in a beautiful setting it was an enjoyable trip.
And we do give them crossword puzzles every week and give them pictures of saints as prizes for them when they finish. He was afraid for his life, but he would rather be shot than take off his wedding band.
In spite of all the abandon of American young people, sophistication is still a Continental monopoly. Talk to them about your feelings, your faith, and why you want to become Jewish - perhaps you can convince them to at least allow you to attend synagogue.
With the coming of December, there always comes a festive mood. And in anticipation of the New Year, many are visited by an insatiable desire to decorate their home with their own handicrafts. I present you step by step workshops with unique photos - how to make New Year's crafts with your own hands.
That in the New Year and Christmas can be more magical than the Christmas tree. In the evening, when the light is extinguished, a fairy tale begins in the mysterious twinkling of lanterns in the branches. Everyone comes up with his own magical story.
In some, the nutcracker defeats the king of mice, in others, the snowflakes lead round dances. We decided to compose a fairy tale about the Christmas elf. It will be constantly changing, overgrown with new plots, complemented by characters and most likely, each year will be different. Only the beginning of our tale will always be the same: - Once upon a time there was a little Christmas tree elf in his cozy little house, among fluffy spruce branches ... We decided to make such a fabulous house with our own hands today. Join us, because the fairy tale is already beginning!
For walls, we take a rectangular piece from a cardboard box. Cut a hole for the window and mark the place for the door. We will reinforce the walls with a “wild stone”. Take the pieces of eggshell and glue it with white glue.
To make our masonry look more realistic, we need to simulate traces of cement mortar in the joints. Yes, and the shells will hold on tight. Glue the walls with ordinary gray toilet paper. When it dries, we clean off the excess, exposing the protruding parts of our "stones".
Next, let's do the roof. From large pine cones we break off all the scales and glue them onto a cone made of cardboard. Here, without a glue gun, it will be tight, although a “Moment” type glue will fit.
When the scales of the cones adhere well, we will fit the pipe, because there will surely be a fireplace or a stove in the house so that our elf will live in heat and can boil magic potions or porridge.
The pipe is twisted from a small piece of cardboard and pasted over it with lentils, as if this is a fireproof naked one.
For greater importance, we will make a ladder for the roof. It is from the same toilet paper, twisted into flagella. Yes, I almost forgot about the frame for the window, cut it out of cardboard.
Now we will install the roof in place and tint the facade of the house. We will do it in the usual gouache. Although acrylic will be better, it is not necessary to coat it with varnish.
It remains to stick the finished fairy-tale house on the base. Since we have planned that our elf will have light in the window, we will cut a hole in the base for the LED.
We wanted to decorate the "courtyard." Snow is cotton, and from it is also a snowman. The Christmas tree is that “stripped” cone, painted in green.This is not necessary, perhaps your elf will live in a hanging house. Then only the bottom and loop will be useful.
Here we made such a fabulous house with our own hands in the evening, and the little Christmas elf has already begun to live its own life. For him, the bathhouse, the cellar, and even the neighbors with their houses have already been invented, this is a hedgehog and a squirrel. Make Christmas toys with your own hands, with children you will compose your fairy tale, which they will remember for a lifetime, and even in adulthood on New Year's holidays they will always have the feeling that the magic is somewhere near!
A gift made by one's own hands is always original and unique. Do you want to surprise your loved ones? Make decoupage on a bottle of champagne. Such a Christmas hack will not remain unnoticed.
First of all, you need to clear the bottle of the stickers. To do this, dip it in a container with warm water and leave it for a while.
Next, with masking tape we close the bottom of the foil on the neck. This will not paint it with paint during decoration.
We cover the entire open surface of the bottle with acrylic paint. The first layer can be applied with a brush. After drying, paint the bottle a second time, but use a piece of sponge (“pripokokyvayem”).
Literally in an hour, the acrylic paint will dry out, so you can remove the adhesive tape from the neck and proceed to the next stage of decoration. We take a napkin for decoupage and tear out a selected fragment of the pattern from it.
We remove the two lower layers from the napkin, and the top one is laid face down on the stationery file. Gently pour some water on the drawing, straightening all the folds.
Next, raise the file with a napkin, pour out excess water, turn it over and put it on the surface of the bottle. In this case, a fragment of the picture should be face up.
Handshake the file. Make sure that the napkin is securely fixed on the surface, and then carefully remove the file from the bottle.
We dilute PVA glue with water in a one-to-one ratio. This solution is applied to the entire surface with a pattern with a brush. Her movements should be from the center to the edges, we try to smooth out all the folds and expel the bubbles.
After the glue has completely dried, we take fine sandpaper (preferably “null”) and gently sand the outlines of the napkin. Also we process those places where irregularities were formed.
Next, we take a sponge or a piecefoam rubber, dipped it in acrylic paint, “pripokokivaem” along the edges of a fragment of the picture. So we try to mask the transition from the napkin to the main surface of the bottle.
The work is almost complete, it remains only to add some "highlight". For example, stick a ribbon on the neck. The easiest way to do this with a glue gun. The band will not only complete the whole ensemble, but also close the transition from paint to foil.
The next MotoGP round after Misano is at the Aragon circuit in Spain on September 24. In that case, the replacement rider will most likely be Katsuyuki Nakasuga, who is a test rider for the Movistar Yamaha team. He was released from the hospital on Saturday after undergoing surgeries to fix the fractures. "I then had an operation on my finger to reattach the tendon and then stitch it all back ... Además...
The initiative was launched through the Gautam Gambhir Foundation at New Delhi's West Patel Nagar area. I am happy and my family is also happy. In a noble gesture, India cricketer Gautam Gambhir has made a decision to support the children of the 25 CRPF men, who were recently killed in a Maoist attack in Chattisgarh's Sukma district. Además...
Kia's GT-Line trim level has been added to the range, bringing with it standard-fit fog lights, red brake calipers and a chrome exhaust tip. Called the Picanto X-Line it is powered by Kia's 1.0-litre 100ps turbocharged petrol engine making it the most powerful model in the Picanto range. Además...
Take a critical look at what you have created and try to find connections among the random thoughts. What makes sense? Strive to assemble some coherent themes and thoughts from what you have written about the experience and significance of the photographs. Keep thinking and writing. If you discover new and better ideas write them down. Don’t forget to use lines to separate the new and old ideas.
Begin organizing the thoughts into a story about the photographs. The goal of your story will be to lead the viewers up to the edge of the photograph. Then, the viewers can fall into the photographic experience you created. This is what you want to share with your viewers. Write this down. It does not have to be long, expressive or wonderful. What it has to be is complete. You can’t edit anything if it isn’t complete. Call it the first draft.
Let the first draft marinate for a week. You may then commence revisions to create drafts two through six. It is quite permissible to have days pass between drafts. Send draft six to a very good friend along with the photographs. This is a very important part of creating an Artist’s statement; selection of a person that can look at your photographs and your words and tell you honestly when you have missed the mark. It’s even better if they can tell you how far you have missed and why you missed the mark. You have reached nirvana when they can make suggestions to improve the statement.
What to do with this critique is important. When you get the critique back, read it. Think about it and let it age while your bruised ego gets better.
We all have to write an artist's statement from time to time. Most photographers hate this part of the artistic process. We are visual artists, not writers, which is why we have cameras and communicate with images. I thought I might share how I approach this oft dreaded task.
Writing an Artist’s Statement is really a very straightforward task. I have written at least one for each of the photographic projects on my website. I generally follow a procedure in writing and here’s how I do it. Maybe this will help you. Here we go.
Open new document in word processing program. Open up an image viewer (I use Adobe Bridge) to look and think about the images you are writing about.
Start thinking about your photographs. Remember what you were thinking before, during and after making the photographs. How did you feel about making the photographs? What type of day was it? Reminisce about the experience you had making the photographs. Consider how your photographic experience fits into the larger part of your life, the world and where you made your photographs. In short, you need to generate a lot of ideas about your photographs. The open document is the place you record all these thoughts. Sentence fragments, words, phrases, whatever crosses your mind needs to be recorded. At this phase, you are brainstorming, generating creative ideas. Don’t judge or edit. Write it down.
Save and close the document and come back tomorrow. It is quite permissible to continue thinking about your photographs as you go about the rest of your life.
Repeat as required. Continue to remember what you were thinking before, during and after you made the photographs. Were any of these experiences relevant to the making of the photographs? Do you have a story about the making of the photographs? What about each photograph made you include it in your project? What is the connection among the images?
Quit after a page or two of random thoughts and ideas. Then ignore your writing for a week. Don’t worry, you’re just getting started!
I have blogged earlier that the great photographs do not arrive by themselves. They come with friends; photographs that were made as part of that creative journey. All the photographs need to work together to create what you want to say to your audience.
You need to be able to distinguish between your best photographs and the best photographs for your exhibition. Selecting photographs and sequencing the photographs to work well together is an art form itself. It’s one of those difficult subjects that cannot be taught, but must be learned.
I’m still suffering through the Curse of the Archives (See posts 492 and 500) and struggling with the following thought; “If my old photographs are so bad, why am I hanging on to them?” Those really ugly bad photographs are taking up storage space I could use for something else. Why haven’t these old photographs already met their demise in some potlatch? What makes these bad images so powerful they have yet to be dispatched to the great trash heap in the sky? Is their sole photographic use is as a bad example? Or am I hanging on to them because they are visual memories of an old man? I am only beginning to look for an answer to this question. Maybe this is just another way of postponing the eventual task of disposing of truly horrible photographs.
Brooks Jensen (of LensWork fame) posits that once he goes into the great ink maintenance tank in the sky, his children will sell all his photographs at an estate sale for fifty cents…a box. I have complete faith and confidence the estate sale of my photographs will be quite profitable because people will pay good money for the storage boxes or the frames holding my old photographs.
Did you notice that I did not mention anything about unused photographic equipment? It’s like none of us have any spare photo gear lying about the house, right? I’ll deal with that idea later.
Esse puxa-saco Senhora do Lar é com corações no avental. Diferente dos outros que é um casal de bonecos no avental.
There is a growing trend of pet-owners supplementing their pets’ food with their homemade creations. Some simply add a bit of grilled fish to the side of the plate, while others create full and complete diets consisting of a variety of foods they prepare. While dogs tend to have a stronger digestive tract and are not as prone to digestive and bacterial issues, cats can be fussy about what they eat and how it affects them. So I did a little digging to figure out what cats really need, and if preparing their food really is healthy for them, or if it’s just fun.
Cats need a few main nutrients to survive. As obligate carnivores, the main substance from the feline diet is protein, which comes from animal muscle like chicken or fish. They also need the amino acids from the meat, like taurine and arginine. Fatty acids, essential vitamins, minerals and water are also important. While a small amount of carbohydrates can boost your cat’s energy and help to cut on the cost of meat, a diet too heavy in carbohydrates (grains, starches, vegetables) can cause obesity and sluggishness in a cat.
The standards for creating pet foods are much lower than the “human” food we buy in the supermarket. It is not as strictly regulated, tested, or monitored. The guidelines for non-food fillers, misappropriate byproducts and other items in the food are lacking, and the ingredient labels are often confusing. This is why more and more pet owners are choosing to feed their animals from their own home. Many cat parents give their kitties grilled or raw chicken, turkey, or fish in addition to their foods. This provides an additional protein source, with a meat that is higher quality than a can of wet food. Cooking the meat does remove some of the nutrients, but eliminates most risk of salmonella to both pet and owner. Note: The American Animal Hospital Association does not recommend the newer “raw” diets at risk of salmonella, zoonotic disease transmission, and other illness to both animal and human.
For those of you thinking you might want to try your hand at making your own cat food, there are many, many recipes and LOTS of information out there. You cannot simply feed your kitty whatever it will eat. I would advise only those who are well-educated and very diligent to go completely into the homemade diet. For example, some vitamins are water-soluble and some are not, so too much can cause toxicity issues. Cats also need a certain calcium to phosphorous ratio, which is not found in an all-meat diet, but wild cats get from eating the bones of small animals. This can be difficult to replicate without feeding a cat an entire carcass. Homemade food can spoil faster, so if your cat is not a quick eater and the food gets left out, they may eat it later and become sick. I stronglyurge you to research feline nutrition before attempting to make your own cat’s diet. You can consult a veterinarian for help on what is best for your pet (some however, may not be educated on homemade diets). If you are looking on the internet, look for reputable websites that have research and veterinarian advice to back them up, not just one owner’s opinion.
If this seems too over-whelming to you, rest assured. There are still good pet foods out there. Look for a product that is high in protein and contains the other essential nutrients. Those that are all-natural or organic may be more expensive, but will lack any chemicals, antibiotics or other add-ins. You also want to make sure the food has a limited amount of carbohydrates, which dry foods tend to be high in. My vet was able to point me in the direction of some reputable pet food brands, without telling me exactly what to buy. There are also smaller companies that make natural homemade foods, some raw, and will sell them to you.
Overall, I think that a homemade diet for a cat is only for those people who have the time, energy and dedication to devote to it. If well-researched and done correctly, homemade food can prevent digestive issues, promote better kidney function, lower risk of diabetes and obesity, reduce medication use, and lead to a happy, beautiful cat. I personally don’t have the time or capacity for this kind of project, so I feed my cat both dry and wet food, and I supplement with bits of my own grilled chicken or tuna. You should do your own research before jumping into anything, and figure out what is best for you and your furry family’s lifestyle. Happy feeding!
If you purchase coverage through the Healthcare Marketplace and meet certain income eligibility requirements, you can receive government assistance in the form of a tax credit. You also have options for this credit. You can either take it in equal allocations, allowing you to reduce (or eliminate) monthly premium payments, or you can “save” it for the end of the year. If you choose the latter, you’ll receive the credit in the form of a tax return when you file with the IRS. Federal Grant Meaning
Under Executive Order 12372, some states require federal grants applicants to submit a copy of their application for state government level review and comment. The state offices listed here coordinate federal financial assistance and may direct federal development. For help in identifying state-level grants, other state government agencies websites may be found at State and Local Agencies. Free Money For Widows
Android users can respond to a survey from Google and receive up to $1 in Play credits, but the credits vary, depending on the survey. Download the app, answer a few questions about yourself and wait to receive your first questionnaire. Expect to receive an average of one survey per week, covering topics such as “Which logo is best?” and “When do you plan on traveling next?”
One of the easiest ways to get free money is by taking surveys. From politics to your favorite products, the best survey companies will pay for your opinion on a whole range of topics. Some pay in cash while others pay in gift cards. Often, you’ll have your choice of either. It usually works best to join more than one site, so here are a few places to get started: Federal Empowerment Grant
It´s 100% legal :D, but... to reach 3000 points it takes a lot of time. But if you are good at getting referral points from people that you recruit, you will reach that goal very fast. In my situation, it took me 9 months with no effort. I only got 660 referral points v: . The way to get that goal depends on you, good luck and trust pointprizes ;) . Free Money Quizzes
While depression economics has many strange features, the most important one to remember is this: with slack in the economy, it’s possible to have an economic free lunch. If our economy were running at capacity, new government spending, for example, would tend to create inflation because the capacity (workers, raw materials, and equipment) would have to be bid away from someone else, thereby raising prices. But during a depression that doesn’t happen. Instead, new spending brings idle capacity into production. To put that another way, the single-most-important underpinning of a functioning economy is to ensure that there is sufficient aggregate demand. Federal Grant Deadlines
This is the best website for earning points! I was looking on google for some websites in order to complete surveys and earn some money on my free time. I tried many websites but none of them were working. After alot of search i found pointsprizes. At the beginning i was afraid that it would be a failure again. But i started doing offers and i was earning points for real! I was so happy for this. Right now at the time im writing the review, i have earned 20 dollars on my paypal (3000 points). Yes I just received them on my paypal and Im so excited. If you are still reading this comment...just go ahead and try pointsprizes and trust me, you will not be dissapointed. Free Money Donors
Why? Because the economy has evolved to a point where it is vulnerable to mild depressions. In fact, the one we’re in now could persist for decades, as similar conditions have in Japan and other countries. In order to avoid that slow, painful outcome, we need a policy that will jump-start our economy. After three straight years of political gridlock it’s clear that Congress is not going to provide the fiscal stimulus we need, and while the tools the Federal Reserve has at its disposal have helped, they’ve not done enough. If Congress could be persuaded to give the Fed a new tool, one that would let it distribute purchasing power to the broad mass of the population—to “drop money from helicopters,” so to speak—it might be enough to help us escape the nightmare of slow growth and persistent unemployment we’re in now. Free Money Hack Sims 4
There’s lots more you’ll need to learn, and there are many other ways you can begin preparing your nonprofit to get federal funding to support its work in the community. One of the best ways you can learn what you need to know is by attending The Grantsmanship Center’s federal grants training, Competing for Federal Grants. This government grants training workshop is thorough and by participating fully in this federal grants class, you'll boost your competitive edge and be better prepared to find federal funding for your nonprofit. Free Money Management Apps
The key economic idea undergirding this policy idea is something called aggregate demand, which, stated simply, is the total amount of spending in the economy. During a financial crisis, aggregate demand goes down, since newly unemployed workers have less money and people who manage to keep their jobs reduce their spending out of fear. When people spend less money, sales fall, and businesses are forced to lay off workers, who then spend even less money, and so on. In other words, money goes in circles: my spending is your income, and your spending is my income. If we all simultaneously cut back on our spending—if aggregate demand declines—then everybody’s income declines, too. That is, very crudely, what happened during the Great Depression, when there were millions of perfectly able workers desperate for jobs, while perfectly functional factories lay idle due to lack of customers. It’s also what has been happening, to a milder degree, in our economy since the 2008 crisis. Federal Grants For College
An accomplished student and athlete at George Mason University was not accepted to any sororities at the university. Her sister Lillie believes this is because she has Down syndrome. "Accepting a woman with a disability to a chapter isn't an act of charity, it brings diversity and promotes inclusion," Lillie Heigl wrote in her letter to the head of the university's Greek life. [...] Federal Pell Grant Per Year
Walrus-like warden, Sven "Swede" Sorenson, a cross between Bluto and Wimpy, runs the prison, murders convicts who escape, and has the FBI on his trail in the form of agent Karen Polarski, the daughter of the town's corrupt judge. Swede's twins tell their father they're pregnant (they aren't), so he pushes their dim boyfriends, Bud and Larry, into shotgun marriages. He also turns his sons-in-law into slave labor, so Bud hatches an escape plan: to rob a train carrying old bills to the mint for burning. Larry's his reluctant accomplice. When Bud is captured and railroaded into Swede's jail, his death looks certain, until he hatches yet another plan that requires Larry's help. Written by Federal Grant Writers And Services
I know what you’re thinking: it would be crazy. Either it would be a fast track to crippling inflation or it’s some Republican satire of an ultra-liberal government handout program. But it is not quite as radical as it sounds. The key idea behind such a program has a longstanding, bipartisan economic pedigree. John Stuart Mill argued in 1829 that mass unemployment was caused by “a deficiency of the circulating medium” relative to other commodities. John Maynard Keynes used the idea in his 1936 book, The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money, to lampoon the inherent silliness of gold mining, suggesting that old coal mines could be filled up with bottles full of banknotes, buried over with trash, then left “to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again.” Milton Friedman suggested that monetary policy could never fail to cure mass unemployment, because as a last resort the central bank could just drop cash out of helicopters—an enticing analogy that former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke borrowed in a 2002 speech, earning himself the persistent nickname of “Helicopter Ben.” Free Money Images
Having a handle on the basic definitions of federal grants as well as the restrictions or qualifications each grant type carries is a good start to being eligible for federal aid, regardless of an applicant's locale or ambition. With a little bit of research, and a well-written proposal, an applicant can easily take the initial first steps to obtaining federal assistance, and ultimately reaching their final end goal. Federal Promise Zone Grant
Federal and state grants frequently receive criticism due to what are perceived to be excessive regulations and not include opportunities for small business, as well as for often giving more money per person to smaller states regardless of population or need. These criticisms include problems of overlap, duplication, excessive categorization, insufficient information, varying requirements, arbitrary federal decision-making, and grantsmanship (a funding bias toward entities most familiar with how to exploit the system, rather than to those most in need). Free Money Glitch Gta 5 Online
In any case, we shouldn’t forget the relative simplicity of what’s wrong with our economy right now: it’s a simple divergence between incentives for production and those for consumption. The money supply is a very powerful tool to fix that misalignment of incentives, and its power is communal. It comes from the fact that it is accepted as a medium of exchange by all 310 million Americans. We should not fear to use that tool, and to provide badly needed help to millions of people in the process. Free Money Jailbreak Glitch
The helicopter money policy, by contrast, keeps government almost completely out of the picture. It distributes resources directly to citizens, with no limits on how they can spend it, thereby strengthening individual choice and the private sector, not government bureaucracies. It’s a stimulus Milton Friedman could love. And if everyone gets the same-sized check, there’s not even a concession to the god of progressivity—it’s like a flat tax in reverse! There will be a Republican president again someday, and as we’ve seen, it is highly likely that government will face the same weak growth and high unemployment we face today. This is a tool as friendly to the conservatives’ ideology as they are likely to find. Federal Grant En EspañOl
An accomplished student and athlete at George Mason University was not accepted to any sororities at the university. Her sister Lillie believes this is because she has Down syndrome. "Accepting a woman with a disability to a chapter isn't an act of charity, it brings diversity and promotes inclusion," Lillie Heigl wrote in her letter to the head of the university's Greek life. [...] Federal Grant Verification Department
Want to know how to make easy money? Taking surveys online as a mystery shopper, potential customer or just an everyday citizen is a time-tested way to earn money. Several sites let you make money taking surveys, but one of the best is Pinecone Research. The firm pays you in points, which you can cash out for $3, $5 or $15 payments depending on the number of points earned. Federal Government Grant Facebook
And it hasn’t just been theorizing. In 2008, George W. Bush and Nancy Pelosi engineered the tax rebate stimulus, in which everyone received a check in the mail—paid for, eventually, with fresh new money. Studies have found that this stimulus worked quite well; it was just overwhelmed by the Great Recession, and we only received checks once. Mill, Keynes, Friedman, and even Bernanke might argue that we should revive a similar stimulus again—only this time, on a much bigger scale, and on an ongoing basis. Federal Grant Management Handbook
Applying for financial aid largely consists of two steps. First, make sure you meet all the basic eligibility requirements for federal student aid. Next, submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form. To remain eligible for federal grants, you need to file a FAFSA every year that you are enrolled in college. Keep in mind that you need to have all your tax info available, so be sure to file your taxes before attempting to complete the paperwork. Free Money Disabled People
To sort through the federal grant programs, the authoritative source is the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA). This catalog lists all of the available funding programs to all levels of government, nonprofit organizations, for-profit businesses, and other eligible entities. Search Grants within Grants.gov allows you to search, filter, and apply for specific opportunities to receive funding from one of these programs.
You will need thorough documentation of the problem your organization will address. No matter what you need the funding to accomplish—funding to help children succeed, funding to help the homeless, funding to help build healthy communities, funding for the arts, etc.—you’ll need lots of facts and figures that show what the situation you are concerned about looks like in your service area, why it is significant, and why it is happening. Start gathering data now and keep it current. Federal Grant Debarment List
For fiscal policy, increased government spending or decreased taxation is our accelerator; the opposite, austerity, is the brake. These work to add or subtract the amount of spending in the economy. For monetary policy, the federal funds rate can act as either an accelerator or a brake. U.S. banks are required to hold reserves at the Fed, which pays interest on them, similar to a normal checking account. For a bank to loan money to a real person, they must find someone willing to pay an interest rate above the Fed’s rate. So if the Fed jacks up the interest rate, it discourages lending, as banks are paid better to park their money at the Fed. Lowering the Fed rate does the opposite. The use of these tools is commonly expressed as a trade-off between unemployment and inflation. Try to push unemployment too low, and inflation will speed up as companies bid for scarce labor, pushing up wages and sending spending surging through the economy. Conversely, allow unemployment to get too high, and a collapse in spending can cause a collapse of prices, which will lead to more unemployment, which will lead to less spending, and so on. Free Money Rain Slots
Outside the United States grants, subventions or subsidies are used to in similar fashion by government or private charities to subsidize programs and projects that fit within the funding criteria of the grant-giving entity or donor. Grants can be unrestricted, to be used by the recipient in any fashion within the perimeter of the recipient organization's activities or they may be restricted to a specific purpose by the benefactor. Federal Pell Grant Usage
Trim is a nifty free app that helps you analyze your spending and find subscriptions you may have forgotten about. When you find a service you’re no longer using, simply tell Trim to cancel it and they’ll do it for you automatically. They’ll also help you negotiate your cable and internet bills, help you find cheaper car insurance, and more. Heck, it’s practically like finding free money! Federal Grants For K-12 Education
Grants, especially government grants, are some of the best financial aid available, and typically base themselves on need. Like scholarships, grants do not usually require repayment. There are many kinds of student grants available at national, state, college, and organizational levels. Federal grants provided by the United States government make up some of the most common sources of financial aid for undergraduates. Federal Grant Names
The PENNY HOARDER℠, ℠, and ℠ are service marks of Taylor Media Corp. Other marks contained on this website are the property of their respective owners. Taylor Media Corp. is not licensed by or affiliated with any third-party marks on its website and they do not endorse, authorize, or sponsor our content except as noted herein. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Free Money Spells
You’ll have to propose specific, measurable, results that you plan to achieve. Vague promises are not enough and will significantly dull your competitive edge. Stating that your organization’s project will “help children succeed,” “improve the quality of life,” “reduce hunger,” or “improve reading skills,” is not good enough. To get a big federal grant you’ll have to go much farther. Federal agencies want to know how many people will change, in what way, to what degree, within what time frame, and as measured by what? Start considering what changes you can realistically expect to achieve through your organization’s work. Federal Pell Grant Qualifications 2017
Handing the reins to the Fed is a good idea for another reason: it would give the Fed a policy tool that shares the fine-tuning properties of the interest rate mechanism, but without the constraint of the zero lower bound and the tendency to create skyrocketing household debt. When the economy is running hot, threatening inflation, the Fed could slow deposits to a trickle (or raise rates), but when recession strikes, it could speed them back up again, quickly and easily. After all, in order for macroeconomic stabilization policy to work, it must be adjusted frequently and quickly—especially in the computer age, when recessions can gather force with astonishing speed. Free Money For College
The PENNY HOARDER℠, ℠, and ℠ are service marks of Taylor Media Corp. Other marks contained on this website are the property of their respective owners. Taylor Media Corp. is not licensed by or affiliated with any third-party marks on its website and they do not endorse, authorize, or sponsor our content except as noted herein. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Federal Grant Reviewer Jobs
The Federal Pell Grant program is the largest provider of student grants. Pell Grants provide tuition assistance to undergraduates demonstrating financial need. A blended federal financial aid package often includes Pell Grants-alongside Federal Direct Loans. Eligibility is determined annually based on FAFSA disclosures, and reflects four areas of consideration. Federal Grant To Start A Business
The most popular federal grant is the Pell Grant which is for undergraduates who do not have a bachelor’s or professional degree. There are cases where first-time graduate students are eligible for Pell grants. The maximum award changes yearly. The maximum award for the 2015-2016 academic year is $5,775. Your eligibility is decided by the FAFSA. Students whose total family income is $50,000 a year or less qualify, but most Pell grant money goes to students with a total family income below $20,000. The total amount of Pell money available to colleges is determined by government funding. Students who do receive the grant often get less than the maximum amount. Federal Grant New Business
The first is to push interest rates below zero. The idea here is fairly simple. If the problem with our economy is framed in terms of people trying to save too much relative to their spending, then negative interest rates would make saving money expensive. If you kept cash in a savings account with a negative interest rate, you would actually lose money. There are a few major problems with this idea, one of which is cultural. We Americans consider saving virtuous; a Fed policy that punished savers would simply not go over well. Another problem is that if interest rates on money were sharply negative, investors might just pour their money into commodities like wheat, oil, or copper as a store of value, which would keep those raw materials from socially positive uses and be tough to regulate. Yet another problem, which the economist Miles Kimball (an advocate of this idea) points out, is that if we really wanted to make this work, all money would have to be subject to interest rate fluctuations, which means we’d have to get rid of paper money. (If everything were electronic, there would be nowhere for savers to hide.) Federal Grant Restrictions
Swagbucks allows you to earn points that can be redeemed for gift cards for retailers including Amazon and Walmart, or cash back through PayPal, just for doing various tasks online. Points can be earned for online shopping, watching videos, taking surveys or searching the web using Swagbucks as your search engine. When you sign up for Swagbucks, you’ll get a $10 bonus after spending $25 at a Swagbucks Shop store. Federal Grant Number
Finance Superhero exists to help readers Take Back Control of Life and Money. All information contained herein is the opinion of site authors and should not be viewed as a substitute for professional financial advice. Always seek the advice of a licensed professional.Finance Superhero is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.This site may also contain other affiliate links for which Finance Superhero may receive compensation.
Krugman is right that helicopter money isn’t fundamentally innovative economically. The argument here, however, is not economic; it’s institutional. Instead of Congress being in charge of distributing resources according to its erratic whims and halting ability to compromise, the Fed would do it. The Fed would watch aggregate demand closely (indeed, it already does this) and make quick, proactive decisions on whether to send everyone money, and how much, without having to wait for Congress to deliberate over a stimulus bill. Federal Eir Grant
Federal grant programs are driven by the congressional funding that fills the coffers. As a result, maximum grant awards and general availability change every year.  Currently, annual Pell Grant award maximums hover around $5000 per student.  Some government grants, like FSEOG are distributed on a first-come first-served rotation that continues until funding is exhausted, so time is of the essence. To maximize your access to federal grant dollars, it is essential that you file your FAFSA as early as possible.
Earmark grants are explicitly specified in appropriations of the U.S. Congress. They are not competitively awarded and have become highly controversial because of the heavy involvement of paid political lobbyists used in securing them. In FY1996 appropriations, the Congressional Research Service found 3,023 earmarks totaling $19.5 billion, while in FY2006 it found 12,852 earmarks totaling $64 billion.[3] Free Money On Paypal
Be careful to watch for scammers that falsely use HHS symbols and language to trick you and others. Fraudsters in the past have used the words and letters of HHS programs to give the false impression that their costly seminars or pay-per-use grant application tools are approved, endorsed, or authorized by HHS. HHS never endorses or uses private companies or individuals for these purposes. Free Money Kitty
Did you know you can make money simply by taking photos on your mobile phone? No, we’re not kidding! Clashot lets you publish and sell mobile photos through their app for anywhere between $0.50 to $80 a pop. Simply download the app and upload your high-quality photos into their database, where thousands of companies are looking to purchase promotional stock images.
Earn cash back for shopping online, submitting a receipt or linking a loyalty account by downloading Ibotta with your iOS or Android device. Before shopping online, head to Ibotta to unlock cash rewards by completing simple tasks. After shopping at a store, simply scan your product barcodes and send a photo of your receipt to have your purchase verified. When using a loyalty card, just remember to scan your card or enter your phone number. Federal Grant Policies And Procedures Manual
Why? Because the economy has evolved to a point where it is vulnerable to mild depressions. In fact, the one we’re in now could persist for decades, as similar conditions have in Japan and other countries. In order to avoid that slow, painful outcome, we need a policy that will jump-start our economy. After three straight years of political gridlock it’s clear that Congress is not going to provide the fiscal stimulus we need, and while the tools the Federal Reserve has at its disposal have helped, they’ve not done enough. If Congress could be persuaded to give the Fed a new tool, one that would let it distribute purchasing power to the broad mass of the population—to “drop money from helicopters,” so to speak—it might be enough to help us escape the nightmare of slow growth and persistent unemployment we’re in now. Free Money Hack Sims 4
Again, that may sound crazy. But the idea is to address the lack of aggregate demand in the economy in the simplest, most mechanical fashion: if the economy needs more aggregate demand, you give people money to spend, since when people (especially non-rich ones) have more money, they spend more money, and therefore aggregate demand increases. People who don’t spend the money outright might choose instead to pay down debt, leaving them more willing to use credit for future spending, and people who worry that the policy will create inflation will move their money from cash and savings to spending on durable goods. (And, remember, the policy won’t create excessive inflation so long as there is slack in aggregate demand.) Free Money For Veterans
The fourth and final policy proposal on the table is what I’ll call the “helicopter money” option. It too is fairly simple. Under such a policy (which could be combined with aspects of the first three), every U.S. citizen would receive a regular payment, in the form of, say, a check from the Internal Revenue Service. The amount of each check would change depending on the health of the economy, but it could be fairly substantial during times of economic slack. To jar us out of our current slump, for instance, I’d start with payments on the order of $2,000 per person. These checks would arrive on an as-needed basis, depending on the state of the economy. Free Money Download
You already search the web and watch videos every day, so why not get paid for it? Swagbucks is here to help make that happen! Swagbucks lets you earn points for shopping online, watching entertaining videos, surfing the web, and answering surveys. You can then redeem those points for free gift cards from stores like Walmart and Amazon. Or if you prefer cold, hard cash, you can get cash back from PayPal! As of this article, Swagbucks has doled out about $290 million to users. And if you sign up now, they’ll even give you a $10 bonus! Def one of the coolest free money apps out there. Free Money Government
In addition to helping individual clients work through the array of questions and concerns surrounding federal grants, the attorneys in the Federal Grants group lead online webinars and in-person trainings and seminars for thousands of grantees each year on issues from cost allocation and time and effort reporting to governance and program monitoring.
Grants, especially government grants, are some of the best financial aid available, and typically base themselves on need. Like scholarships, grants do not usually require repayment. There are many kinds of student grants available at national, state, college, and organizational levels. Federal grants provided by the United States government make up some of the most common sources of financial aid for undergraduates. Federal Grant For College
Financial need is determined by the U.S. Department of Education using a standard formula, established by Congress, to evaluate the financial information reported on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and to determine the family EFC. The fundamental elements in this standard formula are the student's income (and assets if the student is independent), the parents' income and assets (if the student is dependent), the family's household size, and the number of family members (excluding parents) attending postsecondary institutions. The EFC is the sum of: (1) a percentage of net income (remaining income after subtracting allowances for basic living expenses and taxes) and (2) a percentage of net assets (assets remaining after subtracting an asset protection allowance). Different assessment rates and allowances are used for dependent students, independent students without dependents, and independent students with dependents. After filing a FAFSA, the student receives a Student Aid Report (SAR), or the institution receives an Institutional Student Information Record (ISIR), which notifies the student if he or she is eligible for a Federal Pell Grant and provides the student's EFC.
While it can be initially daunting to determine which type of grants an applicant or community can qualify for or should even pursue, the best first step is to narrow down the specific field of interest. Potential applicants can search through the government's extensive database of grants available, and narrow down their criteria by applicant type, assistance type or even subject area. Free Money Real Slots
Some scam artists advertise “free grants” in the classifieds, inviting readers to call a toll-free number for more information. Others are more bold: they call you out of the blue. They lie about where they’re calling from, or they claim legitimacy using an official-sounding name like the “Federal Grants Administration.” They may ask you some basic questions to determine if you “qualify” to receive a grant. FTC attorneys say calls and come-ons for free money invariably are rip offs. Federal Grant Proposal Template
The Fed would then “pay” for it by creating new money. That new money, by the way, would be added to the monetary base, not the deficit. While this concept gets into arcane government accounting conventions very quickly, the point is that the Fed has the power to create infinite cash. Indeed, such mass money creation is hardly new: the quantitative easing program has already been carried out in a similar way—with trillions of dollars in new money.
And it hasn’t just been theorizing. In 2008, George W. Bush and Nancy Pelosi engineered the tax rebate stimulus, in which everyone received a check in the mail—paid for, eventually, with fresh new money. Studies have found that this stimulus worked quite well; it was just overwhelmed by the Great Recession, and we only received checks once. Mill, Keynes, Friedman, and even Bernanke might argue that we should revive a similar stimulus again—only this time, on a much bigger scale, and on an ongoing basis. Federal Pell Grant Vs Financial Aid
In the sometimes-unsure footing of the federal grants world, our attorneys also work with clients to create the solutions that are right for their programs – from negotiation and drafting sub-recipient and contractor agreements to facilitating affiliations, collaborations, and partnerships between grantees and other parties. And while such action may be a last resort, our Federal Grants group has assisted many clients in responding to audit findings, government inquiries, cost disallowances, and more, and our attorneys have represented clients in negotiations and litigation at all judicial levels. Free Money Earning Websites
The Federal Pell Grant program is the largest provider of student grants. Pell Grants provide tuition assistance to undergraduates demonstrating financial need. A blended federal financial aid package often includes Pell Grants-alongside Federal Direct Loans. Eligibility is determined annually based on FAFSA disclosures, and reflects four areas of consideration.
Federal and state grants frequently receive criticism due to what are perceived to be excessive regulations and not include opportunities for small business, as well as for often giving more money per person to smaller states regardless of population or need. These criticisms include problems of overlap, duplication, excessive categorization, insufficient information, varying requirements, arbitrary federal decision-making, and grantsmanship (a funding bias toward entities most familiar with how to exploit the system, rather than to those most in need). Federal Grant Plus Loan
Next on our list of free money apps is Drop, which lets you earn cash for money you’re already spending. And cashing in is pretty darn simple! Just link your debit or credit card to the app and start earning that guap. Drop is teamed up with a plethora of retailers like Best Buy, Trader Joe’s, Starbucks, Target and many more. Once you’re all set up, each purchase you make from a participating store will count toward your rewards. You can then redeem your points for gift cards once you reach 5,000 points. Typically, 5,000 points equals $5. Be on the lookout for special offers that amount to 50,000 points per purchase!
File a complaint with the FTC. If you think you may have been a victim of a government grant scam, file a complaint with the FTC online, or call toll-free, 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357); TTY: 1-866-653-4261. The FTC enters Internet, telemarketing, identity theft, and other fraud-related complaints into Consumer Sentinel, a secure online database available to hundreds of civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad. Federal Grant
The Weatherization Assistance Program Technical Assistance Center (WAPTAC) can connect you with state-specific grant programs for home improvements to reduce energy expenses. If you have children, a family member in the home with a disability, or are over age 60, you’ll get preference for approval. In fact, the DOE estimates that as many as 20-30 million homes are eligible for weatherization grants. Free Money For Disabled Veterans
If you have eyes to watch videos, and thumbs to play games, then here’s one of the simplest free money apps on the market. TapCash lets you rack up rewards for – you guessed it! – playing games and watching videos, which you can then redeem for gift cards and PayPal cash. Gift card options include stores such as Amazon, Google Play, Amazon, and more. Federal Grant Writing Courses
For example, if you are eligible for a $2,000 Pell Grant for the award year, and are enrolled full-time for both the fall and spring semesters, you’ll likely receive $1,000 in the fall and $1,000 in the spring. However, under certain circumstances, you may be eligible to receive an additional $1,000 in the summer semester (resulting in your receiving 150% of your original award). You might hear this situation being referred to as “year-round Pell.” For details, contact your school’s financial aid office. Free Money On Debit Card
The Federal Pell Grant Program provides need-based grants to low-income undergraduate and certain postbaccalaureate students to promote access to postsecondary education. Students may use their grants at any one of approximately 5,400 participating postsecondary institutions. Grant amounts are dependent on: the student's expected family contribution (EFC) (see below); the cost of attendance (as determined by the institution); the student's enrollment status (full-time or part-time); and whether the student attends for a full academic year or less. Federal Grant Catalog
PointsPrizes delivered a working Steam wallet code in exchange for 3,000 points that I accumulated over several weeks. Though it took slightly more than a week to process my claim, the important thing is that they kept the promise, so the site is legit. I had a few problems with some external survey sites that kicked me out just before completing a survey after investing like 15 to 20 minutes (happened twice) and about 2 or 3 others that somehow failed to credit despite the survey being completed. But most of the time, it gets properly credited, and eventually you can reach the target if you are persistent enough despite constant survey rejections. The only thing you have to decide is whether you are prepared to invest the amount of time needed (if you rely on surveys). Free Money Individuals
Official descriptions of more than 2,200 federal assistance programs (including grants, loans, and other financial and nonfinancial assistance) can be found on beta.SAM.gov. The website, produced by the General Services Administration (GSA), is currently in beta, and it houses federal assistance listings previously found on the now-retired Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA). Each federal assistance program has a corresponding CFDA program number; these CFDA numbers are still used as numerical program identifiers. Programs are searchable at the "Assistance Listings" domain at beta.SAM.gov; descriptions are updated by departments and agencies, and they cover authorizing legislation, objectives, and eligibility and compliance requirements. The site will eventually be renamed beta.SAM.gov. For current notices of funding availability, see Grants.gov or FedConnect.
And that turned out to have some awful side effects, since the rich disproportionately save their money rather than spend it. But they don’t save by piling up huge pyramids of cash like Scrooge McDuck, they “save” by buying financial assets—which means that most of the fruits of economic growth have been channeled into asset price increases, rather than consumer price inflation. That partly explains the tendency toward bubbles. All of the recessions since the start of the Great Moderation were caused by collapsing asset bubbles: the savings-and-loan crisis of the late ’80s, the dot-com stock bubble in the 2000s, and the housing bubble in 2007. But that’s not the worst of it. After the early ’80s, the Fed’s interest rate tool seemed to become progressively less effective. While it was working, they had to keep turning the Fed funds rate down and down and down again (see Graph 2). Free Money For Nonprofits
Alliance Wealth Management, LLC (“Alliance”) is a registered investment adviser offering advisory services in the State(s) of Illinois and in other jurisdictions where exempted. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. The presence of this website on the Internet shall not be directly or indirectly interpreted as a solicitation of investment advisory services to persons of another jurisdiction unless otherwise permitted by statute. Follow-up or individualized responses to consumers in a particular state by Alliance in the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation shall not be made without our first complying with jurisdiction requirements or pursuant an applicable state exemption. Free Money July 2018
Complete actions for your favorite brands, such as taking pictures or sharing content on social media, and get paid for it. To get started, download the app on your iOS or Android device, browse through the different brand campaigns and complete an action. When you reach $10, earnings can be withdrawn through your PayPal account. So far, users have earned more than $100,000. Free Money Robinhood
Be careful to watch for scammers that falsely use HHS symbols and language to trick you and others. Fraudsters in the past have used the words and letters of HHS programs to give the false impression that their costly seminars or pay-per-use grant application tools are approved, endorsed, or authorized by HHS. HHS never endorses or uses private companies or individuals for these purposes. Free Money Promo Codes
In the decades since the Great Depression, we’ve managed to avoid another economic catastrophe of that magnitude by using these two tools to prop up aggregate demand. So why can’t we just use them again to boost us out of the slump in which we find ourselves now? The answer has to do with the inequality that has steadily increased in our society since the 1980s. Federal Grant Bureau
The Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant Program was created in 2007 through the College Cost Reduction and Access Act to provide financial assistance for teachers of high-demand fields who work in low-income schools. Eligible students can receive up to $4,000 per year. Low-income elementary and secondary schools are designated by the Department of Education. High-demand fields of study include foreign language, special education, math and science. If a student receives the TEACH grant and does not teach, the grant becomes a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan. Free Money Buy House
Federal Pell Grants are direct grants awarded through participating institutions to students with financial need who have not received their first bachelor's degree or who are enrolled in certain postbaccalaureate programs that lead to teacher certification or licensure. Participating institutions either credit the Federal Pell Grant funds to the student's school account, pay the student directly (usually by check) or combine these methods. Students must be paid at least once per term (semester, trimester, or quarter); schools that do not use formally defined terms must pay the student at least twice per academic year. Federal Grant Drawdown Policy
Are you looking for an easy way to get free money? You've come to the right place! PrizeRebel is a trusted market research firm that has paid out over $15 million dollars to our survey takers since 2007. We have 7.5 million users from all over the globe who are earning free money by completing paid surveys. To get started, simply click here to signup now for your free account. Answer a few paid opinion surveys as companies want your opinion on new products and services. You can then redeem points and choose from hundreds of gift cards, bank direct deposit or paypal to receive your money within 24 hours. It's that easy! Signup now for your free account!
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars. Free Money Making Apps
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places. Federal Pell Grant Information
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars.
Student income, parental income and assets, and total family size are used to compute your Expected Family Contribution (EFC). Your EFC is included on your personal Student Aid Report (SAR), which spells out your anticipated college financial needs. Your SAR is shared with the schools you choose, where financial aid offices evaluate your eligibility for grants, loans, and other forms of student assistance. Your individual financial aid package, which often includes federal grants, is issued in a formal ‘offer letter’ from each university. Free Money Orders
If you purchase coverage through the Healthcare Marketplace and meet certain income eligibility requirements, you can receive government assistance in the form of a tax credit. You also have options for this credit. You can either take it in equal allocations, allowing you to reduce (or eliminate) monthly premium payments, or you can “save” it for the end of the year. If you choose the latter, you’ll receive the credit in the form of a tax return when you file with the IRS. Federal Government Grant Department
There’s lots more you’ll need to learn, and there are many other ways you can begin preparing your nonprofit to get federal funding to support its work in the community. One of the best ways you can learn what you need to know is by attending The Grantsmanship Center’s federal grants training, Competing for Federal Grants. This government grants training workshop is thorough and by participating fully in this federal grants class, you'll boost your competitive edge and be better prepared to find federal funding for your nonprofit. Federal Grants For Graduate School
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places. Federal Grant Money For Housing
With interest rates so low, banks are competing with one another for customers using a new technique: upfront cash payments. One of the best opportunities right now comes courtesy of Chase Bank. As of Aug. 1, 2018, customers can earn $200 when they open a new checking account online and another $150 for a new savings account with qualifying activities. Few things are better than getting paid to sign up for a service that most people need anyway. Free Money Reviews
Federal funders generally prefer projects that serve as prototypes or models for others to replicate; local government funders require strong evidence of community support for a project. The majority of government grants are awarded to eligible nonprofit organizations, not to individuals. Government grants nearly always have stiff reporting requirements. Careful record keeping is a must, since an audit is always a possibility. Free Money Saving Apps
But it didn’t last. As the ’70s transitioned into the ’80s, several structural developments in the larger economy caused a qualitative shift in how monetary policy worked. First, more and more people got access to credit, in the form of credit cards and home equity loans. This boom in consumer credit meant not only that households had new purchasing power but that a substantial chunk of spending was happening through a channel—borrowing—that was sensitive to the Fed’s interest rate mechanism. If inflation was getting out of hand, the Fed could simply tinker with interest rates and, suddenly, a huge chunk of the economy, including consumer spending, would respond in kind. For the central banker, this was something of a revelation: it was no longer necessary to provoke recessions—a messy, blunt instrument—in order to restrain inflation. Federal Grant Agency
With the Chase Sapphire Preferred, you’ll earn a 50,000 point signup bonus when you spend $4,000 in the first 3 months after you open your account. Those points are worth $500 in gift cards, $625 when spent on travel through the Chase portal, and potentially even more if you transfer them to one of Chase’s 13 travel partners. The annual fee is waived for the first year, so it doesn’t even cost you to cash in. Free Money Ringtones
Greg Johnson is a personal finance and frugal travel expert who leveraged his online business to quit his 9-5 job, spend more time with his family, and travel the world. With his wife Holly, Greg co-owns two websites – Club Thrifty and Travel Blue Book. The couple has also co-authored a book, Zero Down Your Debt: Reclaim Your Income and Build a Life You'll Love. Find him on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter @ClubThrifty. Federal Grant In Aid Definition
On the straight economics, this solution is nearly identical to the 2008 Bush/Pelosi stimulus. In that case, Congress sent money to everyone and paid for it by issuing debt. Later, the Fed bought more than that amount’s worth of Treasury bonds. (In this case, we would simply avoid that two-step process: Congress would hand over the reins directly to the Fed.) This similarity leads many economists to be skeptical of the helicopter solution as redundant. “I’m all for fiscal and monetary stimulus,” Paul Krugman told me in late January. “But I don’t see helicopter money as adding anything substantive to the menu of policy tools, or as making the politics any easier.” Free Money Asap
Federal and state grants frequently receive criticism due to what are perceived to be excessive regulations and not include opportunities for small business, as well as for often giving more money per person to smaller states regardless of population or need. These criticisms include problems of overlap, duplication, excessive categorization, insufficient information, varying requirements, arbitrary federal decision-making, and grantsmanship (a funding bias toward entities most familiar with how to exploit the system, rather than to those most in need). Federal Grant Lobbying Restrictions
Phone numbers can deceive. Some con artists use Internet technology to disguise their area code in caller ID systems. Although it may look like they’re calling from Washington, DC, they could be calling from anywhere in the world. You can't rely on caller ID because scammers know how to rig it to show you the wrong information (aka "spoofing"). Scammers might have personal information about you before they call, so don't take that as a sign they're the real thing. If you're not sure whether you're dealing with the government, look up the official number of the agency.
If you’re eligible for a Federal Pell Grant, you’ll receive the full amount you qualify for—each school participating in the program receives enough funds each year from the U.S. Department of Education to pay the Federal Pell Grant amounts for all its eligible students. The amount of any other student aid for which you might qualify does not affect the amount of your Federal Pell Grant. Federal Pell Grant Ucf
For example, if you are eligible for a $2,000 Pell Grant for the award year, and are enrolled full-time for both the fall and spring semesters, you’ll likely receive $1,000 in the fall and $1,000 in the spring. However, under certain circumstances, you may be eligible to receive an additional $1,000 in the summer semester (resulting in your receiving 150% of your original award). You might hear this situation being referred to as “year-round Pell.” For details, contact your school’s financial aid office. Free Money On Debit Card
If you are just entering the realm of grants and government funding, it can feel overwhelming trying to find the right program for you or your organization. When considering grants, these programs can be broadly categorized as those awarded by the federal government and those awarded by non-federal entities. Within these two categories are a variety of funding sources and program types. Federal Grant For Housing
Financial need is determined by the U.S. Department of Education using a standard formula, established by Congress, to evaluate the financial information reported on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and to determine the family EFC. The fundamental elements in this standard formula are the student's income (and assets if the student is independent), the parents' income and assets (if the student is dependent), the family's household size, and the number of family members (excluding parents) attending postsecondary institutions. The EFC is the sum of: (1) a percentage of net income (remaining income after subtracting allowances for basic living expenses and taxes) and (2) a percentage of net assets (assets remaining after subtracting an asset protection allowance). Different assessment rates and allowances are used for dependent students, independent students without dependents, and independent students with dependents. After filing a FAFSA, the student receives a Student Aid Report (SAR), or the institution receives an Institutional Student Information Record (ISIR), which notifies the student if he or she is eligible for a Federal Pell Grant and provides the student's EFC. Federal Grant Supplanting
Anyway, the train heist is merely a minor plot point, so I'm guessing that maybe that's why the movie bombed. Audiences were probably expecting a heist story with a solid, formula plot (probably along the scale of "Oceans Twelve"), and I'm guessing they felt extremely uncomfortable with the film's humble speed. The big-name cast also probably didn't help, because the film has a real 'Canadian provincial' feel to it (Hollywood, this film is not!). Nevertheless, the entire cast is fantastic; particularly Thomas Haden Church who I never would have guessed was the same guy in "Sideways"! Perhaps I'm just nuts, but I think this is a sleeper gem that has yet to find its true audience. Federal Grant And Cooperative Agreement
First off, a Google search for “free money” is almost sure to net you some scam results. You need to ensure that any website you are visiting–especially if you give them your personal information–is a trusted entity. This means searching for .org, .gov, and similar web addresses. You should also make sure that the program is indeed government-sponsored. Free Money Kevin Trudeau Pdf
Earmark Grants are the last type of grant that the government doles out, although these grants have come under fire in recent years. The grants are determined by appropriations of the US Congress and are often secured with the help of high paid lobbyists. Recent research into the distribution of Earmark Grants conducted by the Congressional Research Service in the Fiscal Year 2006 found that over 12,852 earmark grants were dispersed for a total cost of $64 billion dollars. Federal Grant Quarterly Reports
But there’s no reason why they shouldn’t. Democrats should be for it because it is straight-up economic stimulus, writ large. And Republicans should be for it because it is the stimulus option that’s most in line with conservative values. To be sure, a whole lot of right-wing conservatives will object to the very notion—government checks give them the willies. And for conservatives with the strongest tendencies toward gold buggery, who are already freaked out that the Fed’s quantitative easing is debasing the currency and setting us up for hyperinflation, the idea will never be in favor. But what conservatives really objected to about the Obama stimulus and all subsequent Democratic proposals for fiscal pump priming was not so much the fiscal consequences, despite what they said—after all, they favored the Iraq War and the Bush tax cuts, which drove up the debt, and voted for Paul Ryan’s budget, which would have done the same. What really infuriates them about Democratic stimulus measures is that it is spending by government, meant to achieve government priorities, and delivered through government channels in ways that enhance the reach and influence of the government. Federal Grant Homeless
While federal grant levels vary from year to year (sometimes extremely), big federal grants are common and awards frequently range from $500,000 to millions of dollars. It’s great to bring in big federal dollars to support your work, but remember, once you win big grant awards you’ve got to manage them in compliance with an extensive roster of rules and regulations. If you’re a beginner grants professional, you’ll also need help learning to manage federal funding correctly. Federal grant money must be spent only on approved activities, must be managed to comply with regulations, and is expected to result in measurable results. Free federal grant money is not a reality. Federal Grant Government
With the Chase Sapphire Preferred, you’ll earn a 50,000 point signup bonus when you spend $4,000 in the first 3 months after you open your account. Those points are worth $500 in gift cards, $625 when spent on travel through the Chase portal, and potentially even more if you transfer them to one of Chase’s 13 travel partners. The annual fee is waived for the first year, so it doesn’t even cost you to cash in. Free Money Locations Gta 5 Online
Federal grants website that allows eligible grantseekers (see Who is eligible for a Grant?) to find and apply for current competitive grant opportunities from ALL federal agencies. Grantseekers can check on notices of funding availability (NOFAs) posted in the last 7 days; access RSS feeds of grant opportunities; and apply for federal grants through a unified process by downloading the application and submitting online. The website guides grantseekers in obtaining a Dun and Bradstreet (DUNS) number, registering with System for Award Management (SAM), and registering with Grants.gov to apply and to track applications. See also website FedConnect for additional grants and contracts opportunities. Free Money Lesko
Federal grants website that allows eligible grantseekers (see Who is eligible for a Grant?) to find and apply for current competitive grant opportunities from ALL federal agencies. Grantseekers can check on notices of funding availability (NOFAs) posted in the last 7 days; access RSS feeds of grant opportunities; and apply for federal grants through a unified process by downloading the application and submitting online. The website guides grantseekers in obtaining a Dun and Bradstreet (DUNS) number, registering with System for Award Management (SAM), and registering with Grants.gov to apply and to track applications. See also website FedConnect for additional grants and contracts opportunities.
For example, if you are eligible for a $2,000 Pell Grant for the award year, and are enrolled full-time for both the fall and spring semesters, you’ll likely receive $1,000 in the fall and $1,000 in the spring. However, under certain circumstances, you may be eligible to receive an additional $1,000 in the summer semester (resulting in your receiving 150% of your original award). You might hear this situation being referred to as “year-round Pell.” For details, contact your school’s financial aid office. Free Money In Florida
While depression economics has many strange features, the most important one to remember is this: with slack in the economy, it’s possible to have an economic free lunch. If our economy were running at capacity, new government spending, for example, would tend to create inflation because the capacity (workers, raw materials, and equipment) would have to be bid away from someone else, thereby raising prices. But during a depression that doesn’t happen. Instead, new spending brings idle capacity into production. To put that another way, the single-most-important underpinning of a functioning economy is to ensure that there is sufficient aggregate demand. Federal Grant Writing Certification
Currently this film has a 4.8 rating here at IMDb but in my opinion, VERY unjustly so! It teeters constantly between quirky, sweet humor, and macabre, almost cartoonish dark comedy. Which is to say, it's quintessential Brando. There's even a brief freeze-frame in the film of Brando with his hands flapping by his face in a 'neah-neah' gesture that is so 'Brandoesque'. He knows that his physical presence (a seemingly 500-pound ballet dancer) is a grand mixture of Father Christmas, Charlie Chaplin, Edward G. Robinson, and the man who bites off the heads of chickens at the circus. You just never know what you're going to get with him, so you - and the other characters in the film - are always kept a bit on edge (he played a somewhat similar character in "The Freshman"; another film that I've always thought was underrated). Federal Job Grant Canada
Grants.gov is the official government site for information on federal grants and funding. Managed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the site offers a database of more than 1,000 grant programs administered by 26 federal grantmaking agencies, searchable by agency, category, eligibility or CFDA number. Users can also browse listings of grant opportunities by agency or category. Free Quick Money Loans
Handing the reins to the Fed is a good idea for another reason: it would give the Fed a policy tool that shares the fine-tuning properties of the interest rate mechanism, but without the constraint of the zero lower bound and the tendency to create skyrocketing household debt. When the economy is running hot, threatening inflation, the Fed could slow deposits to a trickle (or raise rates), but when recession strikes, it could speed them back up again, quickly and easily. After all, in order for macroeconomic stabilization policy to work, it must be adjusted frequently and quickly—especially in the computer age, when recessions can gather force with astonishing speed.
But it didn’t last. As the ’70s transitioned into the ’80s, several structural developments in the larger economy caused a qualitative shift in how monetary policy worked. First, more and more people got access to credit, in the form of credit cards and home equity loans. This boom in consumer credit meant not only that households had new purchasing power but that a substantial chunk of spending was happening through a channel—borrowing—that was sensitive to the Fed’s interest rate mechanism. If inflation was getting out of hand, the Fed could simply tinker with interest rates and, suddenly, a huge chunk of the economy, including consumer spending, would respond in kind. For the central banker, this was something of a revelation: it was no longer necessary to provoke recessions—a messy, blunt instrument—in order to restrain inflation. Federal Grant Record Retention Requirements
Currently this film has a 4.8 rating here at IMDb but in my opinion, VERY unjustly so! It teeters constantly between quirky, sweet humor, and macabre, almost cartoonish dark comedy. Which is to say, it's quintessential Brando. There's even a brief freeze-frame in the film of Brando with his hands flapping by his face in a 'neah-neah' gesture that is so 'Brandoesque'. He knows that his physical presence (a seemingly 500-pound ballet dancer) is a grand mixture of Father Christmas, Charlie Chaplin, Edward G. Robinson, and the man who bites off the heads of chickens at the circus. You just never know what you're going to get with him, so you - and the other characters in the film - are always kept a bit on edge (he played a somewhat similar character in "The Freshman"; another film that I've always thought was underrated). Federal Grant Time And Effort Reporting
Grants.gov is the official government site for information on federal grants and funding. Managed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the site offers a database of more than 1,000 grant programs administered by 26 federal grantmaking agencies, searchable by agency, category, eligibility or CFDA number. Users can also browse listings of grant opportunities by agency or category. Federal Government Grant List
In order to do that, economists have relied for the past seventy years or so on two basic tools: fiscal policy and monetary policy. The first concerns how the government taxes and spends; the second concerns the action of the central bank (in America, that’s the Federal Reserve), which controls the supply of money. While both tools are complex, the main thing to understand is that they both have an accelerator and a brake pedal. If the economy is overheating, with spending overtaking new production of goods and services, resulting in a bidding spiral and increasing inflation, we can hit the brakes. If the economy is moving too slowly, with spending not keeping pace with the production of goods and services, we can hit the gas. Federal Grant Money For School Security
In any case, we shouldn’t forget the relative simplicity of what’s wrong with our economy right now: it’s a simple divergence between incentives for production and those for consumption. The money supply is a very powerful tool to fix that misalignment of incentives, and its power is communal. It comes from the fact that it is accepted as a medium of exchange by all 310 million Americans. We should not fear to use that tool, and to provide badly needed help to millions of people in the process. Free Money Games Online
To anyone reading, this site is really indeed legit (not scam site), at first I myself also thought that this site is just another time wasting scam site that does not pay you anything once you have enough points for prize, but after 1 to 2 months of earning 3000+ points and claiming my paypal prize payment, I really did receive my $20 USD paypal money, but of course you need to earn until you have at least 3000 points to claim a $20 USD paypal prize. I will state the pros and cons below, and also tips at the very end below. Pros: -Legit site that really pays you once you have enough points for it -Many options of prizes to choose from, ranging from gift cards (e.g. steam wallet card) to paypal money -For new accounts, you can earn until 600 points from coupon code, by typing in the coupon code for free, you can find the coupon code by using google to find it (this means you won't be able to earn any more points from coupon code anymore once you reached 600 points), so you only need to earn 2400 more points to redeem a $20 USD paypal prize or other prizes that cost 3000 points to redeem Cons: -If you do not live in wealthy countries (e.g. United States), it can take a bit longer to earn points because there will be less surveys to do and you will be disqualified more often too -Minimum threshold of $20 USD paypal payout -Requires at least 3000 points to claim any prize, e.g. $20 USD paypal money prize, e.g. $20 USD steam wallet cards -Support response through the website is extremely slow , if you encounter any problem and need help, I suggest asking for help directly on PointsPrizes discord at #support channel instead -Most free offers do not work at all, you don't get paid even after finishing it, surveys and games (games have limit of points you can earn from) are the only free offers guaranteed to earn you points if you qualify for it and finish it. There are paid offers which earn a lot of points but what's the point of it if it is not free to do it -Sometimes, you don't get your points even after you qualified for a survey and finished it (if you do the surveys on PointsPrizes website). I recommend doing the surveys in PointsPrizes mobile app instead (guaranteed points once you qualified and finished a survey) -It can take many days before you receive your prize (paypal) after you claimed it, I claimed my paypal prize payment on 19 September 2018 and received my paypal money on 4 October 2018 (that's 15 days before I received my paypal money after claiming it) Simple tips on how to earn points easily and fast: My tips to earn points as easy and as fast as possible (for people not living in wealthy countries e.g. USA, people living in wealthy countries can do it too but it is more helpful for those not anyways): 1. Download PointsPrizes mobile app (android or iphone). 2. Watch ads in the mobile app (there is limit on the amount of points you can earn from ads every 24 hours though, from what i know, 100 points maximum from ads, and this limit increases as you have more points earned, say, 2000 points or more. 3. Do surveys in the mobile app (you might be disqualified often, but just keep doing survey until you qualify for a survey and then finish it (You are guaranteed to receive your points once you qualified and finished it in the mobile app). Free Money Pubg Mobile
Essentially, a federal grant is an award of money or economic aid provided by the United States Government out of the funds available in the general federal revenue. The money provided can be a loan, a portion of a certain project or organization's cost, or a complete funding of a particular project, research or other undertaking. Grants are available from both the government as well as outside sources, (including foundations, non-profit charities or non-profit corporations), although the government alone offers nearly 1,000 different grant programs to qualified businesses and individuals, distributed by 26 grant-specific agencies, and divided into 21 separate categories. Federal Grant Information
Watching ads can be annoying, but we do it every day for free – so why not do it for some extra cash? We’re featuring AppTrailers on our roster of free money apps because it lets you do just that! To start earning money, all you have to do is start viewing videos about new apps, which run for 30 seconds or less. Watching these trailers will earn you points, which you can then redeem for gift cards from stores like Amazon, Sephora, Footlocker and iTunes. You can also earn points by uploading your own videos and getting likes! Free Money Quotes Sayings
In any case, we shouldn’t forget the relative simplicity of what’s wrong with our economy right now: it’s a simple divergence between incentives for production and those for consumption. The money supply is a very powerful tool to fix that misalignment of incentives, and its power is communal. It comes from the fact that it is accepted as a medium of exchange by all 310 million Americans. We should not fear to use that tool, and to provide badly needed help to millions of people in the process.
Greg Johnson is a personal finance and frugal travel expert who leveraged his online business to quit his 9-5 job, spend more time with his family, and travel the world. With his wife Holly, Greg co-owns two websites – Club Thrifty and Travel Blue Book. The couple has also co-authored a book, Zero Down Your Debt: Reclaim Your Income and Build a Life You'll Love. Find him on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter @ClubThrifty. Free Money Hack Bloxburg
In order to do that, economists have relied for the past seventy years or so on two basic tools: fiscal policy and monetary policy. The first concerns how the government taxes and spends; the second concerns the action of the central bank (in America, that’s the Federal Reserve), which controls the supply of money. While both tools are complex, the main thing to understand is that they both have an accelerator and a brake pedal. If the economy is overheating, with spending overtaking new production of goods and services, resulting in a bidding spiral and increasing inflation, we can hit the brakes. If the economy is moving too slowly, with spending not keeping pace with the production of goods and services, we can hit the gas. Free Money Legit
If you are eligible for the Pell Grant you also qualify for the Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG) program. This grant is for undergraduates with the greatest unmet financial need. Eligible students receive between $100 and $4,000 depending on their school and Expected Family Contribution. The grant is distributed by your college, but is awarded to the college by the Federal Government. To participate in the FSEOG program, colleges must contribute one dollar for every three dollars of federal money. The FAFSA determines your eligibility, and some schools do not participate in the program. Free Money Bag Image
With the growth of technology and the Internet, online money-making opportunities are created every single day. However, we have grown tired of hearing about people getting scammed and ripped off by Internet “deals” that ask for your money without providing anything in return. Our goal at FreeMoney.com is to be your online trusted financial resource. Our site is updated frequently and we pride ourselves on presenting you with quality research to make sure the opportunities we recommend are legitimate and will work for you.
In the decades since the Great Depression, we’ve managed to avoid another economic catastrophe of that magnitude by using these two tools to prop up aggregate demand. So why can’t we just use them again to boost us out of the slump in which we find ourselves now? The answer has to do with the inequality that has steadily increased in our society since the 1980s. Federal Grant For Retirees
Phone numbers can deceive. Some con artists use Internet technology to disguise their area code in caller ID systems. Although it may look like they’re calling from Washington, DC, they could be calling from anywhere in the world. You can't rely on caller ID because scammers know how to rig it to show you the wrong information (aka "spoofing"). Scammers might have personal information about you before they call, so don't take that as a sign they're the real thing. If you're not sure whether you're dealing with the government, look up the official number of the agency. Free Money Jailbreak 2018
In order to do that, economists have relied for the past seventy years or so on two basic tools: fiscal policy and monetary policy. The first concerns how the government taxes and spends; the second concerns the action of the central bank (in America, that’s the Federal Reserve), which controls the supply of money. While both tools are complex, the main thing to understand is that they both have an accelerator and a brake pedal. If the economy is overheating, with spending overtaking new production of goods and services, resulting in a bidding spiral and increasing inflation, we can hit the brakes. If the economy is moving too slowly, with spending not keeping pace with the production of goods and services, we can hit the gas. Free Money Ny
Don’t pay any money for a “free” government grant. If you have to pay money to claim a “free” government grant, it isn’t really free. A real government agency won’t ask you to pay a processing fee for a grant that you have already been awarded — or to pay for a list of grant-making institutions. The names of agencies and foundations that award grants are available for free at any public library or on the Internet. The only official access point for all federal grant-making agencies is www.grants.gov. Federal Grant Examples
Here we are again – yet another company wants to pay for your opinion. Popular Harris Poll Online doles out cash to consumers willing to share their opinions, ideas, and feelings on a variety of matters from commercials to political campaigns. By signing up, you’ll be able to participate in many of these polls and get free money in the process. Does it get any better than that? Free Money Life Hacks
Grants are EERE's primary funding vehicle for businesses, industries, universities and others. Most EERE grants are awarded on merit on a competitive basis. See also EERE Financial Opportunities and listings on Grants.gov or FedConnect. For state-by-state information on state, local. utility, and federal incentives that promote renewable energy and energy efficiency, search DSIRE (Database of State Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency).
Wondering how to make money fast while getting rid of junk around your home? Hit two birds with one stone when you use Decluttr, a website and app that allows you to sell your old, unwanted CDs, DVDs, books, games and more for a profit. Although the pay per item is relatively low — one seller said she received $20 for selling about 30 DVDs and books — it’s more than you would get if you just dumped your stuff in the trash. Federal Grant Wire
Grants.gov is the official government site for information on federal grants and funding. Managed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the site offers a database of more than 1,000 grant programs administered by 26 federal grantmaking agencies, searchable by agency, category, eligibility or CFDA number. Users can also browse listings of grant opportunities by agency or category. Federal Seog Grant Qualifications
You’ll have to propose specific, measurable, results that you plan to achieve. Vague promises are not enough and will significantly dull your competitive edge. Stating that your organization’s project will “help children succeed,” “improve the quality of life,” “reduce hunger,” or “improve reading skills,” is not good enough. To get a big federal grant you’ll have to go much farther. Federal agencies want to know how many people will change, in what way, to what degree, within what time frame, and as measured by what? Start considering what changes you can realistically expect to achieve through your organization’s work. Free Money Drop Lobby Ps4
If you have a stroller or other baby gear lying around your house that you’re not currently using, you could rent it out for a profit with goBaby. The website and app connects traveling parents to local parents who are willing to rent out baby supplies including strollers, car seats, cribs, high chairs, bath and potty items, toys and books, and outdoor baby gear. According to the site, you can earn up to $600 a month renting out your baby supplies. Federal Grant Numbers Cfda
If you’re eligible for a Federal Pell Grant, you’ll receive the full amount you qualify for—each school participating in the program receives enough funds each year from the U.S. Department of Education to pay the Federal Pell Grant amounts for all its eligible students. The amount of any other student aid for which you might qualify does not affect the amount of your Federal Pell Grant.
Grants are EERE's primary funding vehicle for businesses, industries, universities and others. Most EERE grants are awarded on merit on a competitive basis. See also EERE Financial Opportunities and listings on Grants.gov or FedConnect. For state-by-state information on state, local. utility, and federal incentives that promote renewable energy and energy efficiency, search DSIRE (Database of State Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency).  Federal Energy Grant
If you’re eligible for a Federal Pell Grant, you’ll receive the full amount you qualify for—each school participating in the program receives enough funds each year from the U.S. Department of Education to pay the Federal Pell Grant amounts for all its eligible students. The amount of any other student aid for which you might qualify does not affect the amount of your Federal Pell Grant. Free Money Start Business
If you want to further your education but can’t afford the high costs of tuition, room, board, books, and more, an education grant might be a great option. The best and most broadly-offered funding source is the government’s Federal Pell Grant. This awards as much as $5,920 (2017-18 school year) to students each year that they qualify for need. And it doesn’t need to be repaid (unlike student loans). Free Money Holder Card Template
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars. Free Money Loan Apps
Last on our list of free money apps is Ibotta. We all know keeping track of rebates can be a pain in the toosh. Filing away all those receipts and coupon cut-outs – who has time for all that? That’s where Ibotta comes in! Before you make your next retail therapy trip, download Ibotta and pick rebates from whichever retailers you’ll be shopping at. Then when you’re done shopping, snap a photo of your receipt and upload it into the app. You’ll get paid in actual cash, via Venmo or PayPal, within 48 hours – or get a gift card sent you. You can also score rebates on restaurants, movie theatres, and tons of other places. Federal Grant College
Take the early 2000s, for example. During the recession caused by the collapse of the dot-com bubble, the Fed lowered rates almost to zero, yet the stimulative effect was strikingly weak. Aside from today’s economy, the 2000s expansion was by far the weakest in postwar history, despite being driven by a housing bubble of world-historical proportions and enormous deficit spending. Then came the financial crisis in late 2007 and early 2008. When the economy fell into recession, the Fed started to lower rates sharply and reached near zero by late 2008. (For complicated reasons, the Fed refuses to go all the way to zero.) This action, coupled with the sizable fiscal stimulus of 2009, was enough to stave off a full-blown depression, but it was not enough to prevent mass unemployment, which spiked to over 10 percent and, more importantly, has come down at an agonizing pace. The prime working-age employment rate collapsed during the crisis, and has barely budged since (see Graph 4). Free Money Everyday
While it can be initially daunting to determine which type of grants an applicant or community can qualify for or should even pursue, the best first step is to narrow down the specific field of interest. Potential applicants can search through the government's extensive database of grants available, and narrow down their criteria by applicant type, assistance type or even subject area. Free Money Checks
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars. Free Money Experiment
Earmark Grants are the last type of grant that the government doles out, although these grants have come under fire in recent years. The grants are determined by appropriations of the US Congress and are often secured with the help of high paid lobbyists. Recent research into the distribution of Earmark Grants conducted by the Congressional Research Service in the Fiscal Year 2006 found that over 12,852 earmark grants were dispersed for a total cost of $64 billion dollars. Federal Grant Quarterly Reports
If you are a Walmart shopper, then use the Savings Catcher on the Walmart app. When you are done with your purchase, scan your receipt and the app will go out over the next several days and search competitor pricing for your products. If they find that someone offered that item for less, you will get a rebate for the difference in the form of a Walmart gift card (redeemable directly from the app. Federal Pell Grant Vs Stafford Loan
PointsPrizes delivered a working Steam wallet code in exchange for 3,000 points that I accumulated over several weeks. Though it took slightly more than a week to process my claim, the important thing is that they kept the promise, so the site is legit. I had a few problems with some external survey sites that kicked me out just before completing a survey after investing like 15 to 20 minutes (happened twice) and about 2 or 3 others that somehow failed to credit despite the survey being completed. But most of the time, it gets properly credited, and eventually you can reach the target if you are persistent enough despite constant survey rejections. The only thing you have to decide is whether you are prepared to invest the amount of time needed (if you rely on surveys). Free Money Earning Apps For Android In India
For fiscal policy, increased government spending or decreased taxation is our accelerator; the opposite, austerity, is the brake. These work to add or subtract the amount of spending in the economy. For monetary policy, the federal funds rate can act as either an accelerator or a brake. U.S. banks are required to hold reserves at the Fed, which pays interest on them, similar to a normal checking account. For a bank to loan money to a real person, they must find someone willing to pay an interest rate above the Fed’s rate. So if the Fed jacks up the interest rate, it discourages lending, as banks are paid better to park their money at the Fed. Lowering the Fed rate does the opposite. The use of these tools is commonly expressed as a trade-off between unemployment and inflation. Try to push unemployment too low, and inflation will speed up as companies bid for scarce labor, pushing up wages and sending spending surging through the economy. Conversely, allow unemployment to get too high, and a collapse in spending can cause a collapse of prices, which will lead to more unemployment, which will lead to less spending, and so on. Federal Grant Equipment Purchase
Accumulate points called SB by searching the Web, completing surveys, watching videos, referring your friends, shopping in the app’s mall, completing special offers, voting in daily polls, finding swag codes and entering fun contests via social media and the Swagbucks blog. These points can be redeemed for gift cards from stores like Amazon, Target and Walmart or for PayPal cash. At time of writing, Swagbucks has given out $97,751,668 in destributed rewards. Download the app on your iOS or Android device. Free Money To Pay Bills
Currently this film has a 4.8 rating here at IMDb but in my opinion, VERY unjustly so! It teeters constantly between quirky, sweet humor, and macabre, almost cartoonish dark comedy. Which is to say, it's quintessential Brando. There's even a brief freeze-frame in the film of Brando with his hands flapping by his face in a 'neah-neah' gesture that is so 'Brandoesque'. He knows that his physical presence (a seemingly 500-pound ballet dancer) is a grand mixture of Father Christmas, Charlie Chaplin, Edward G. Robinson, and the man who bites off the heads of chickens at the circus. You just never know what you're going to get with him, so you - and the other characters in the film - are always kept a bit on edge (he played a somewhat similar character in "The Freshman"; another film that I've always thought was underrated). Federal Grant Environment
It´s 100% legal :D, but... to reach 3000 points it takes a lot of time. But if you are good at getting referral points from people that you recruit, you will reach that goal very fast. In my situation, it took me 9 months with no effort. I only got 660 referral points v: . The way to get that goal depends on you, good luck and trust pointprizes ;) . Federal Pell Grant Yahoo Answers
Federal grant programs are driven by the congressional funding that fills the coffers. As a result, maximum grant awards and general availability change every year. Currently, annual Pell Grant award maximums hover around $5000 per student. Some government grants, like FSEOG are distributed on a first-come first-served rotation that continues until funding is exhausted, so time is of the essence. To maximize your access to federal grant dollars, it is essential that you file your FAFSA as early as possible. Federal Grant Imf
When it comes to receiving funds, all grants are divided into two generalized classifications, direct grants and pass-through grants. A direct grant means that the recipient receives the money directly from the federal government, with no intermediary in between. These grants are beneficial as there is no additional red tape to wade through - just a single application and subsequent agreement with the federal government. Federal Neh Grant
3. Do you like dogs? if you have free time, you can make easy money as a dog walker. Check out services such as Rover.com. You will generally need to have some experience with different breeds of dogs and pass a quick review. As you accumulate reviews and garner regular customers, this can turn out to be a very rewarding part-time gig for an animal lover.
There’s lots more you’ll need to learn, and there are many other ways you can begin preparing your nonprofit to get federal funding to support its work in the community. One of the best ways you can learn what you need to know is by attending The Grantsmanship Center’s federal grants training, Competing for Federal Grants. This government grants training workshop is thorough and by participating fully in this federal grants class, you'll boost your competitive edge and be better prepared to find federal funding for your nonprofit.
The Weatherization Assistance Program Technical Assistance Center (WAPTAC) can connect you with state-specific grant programs for home improvements to reduce energy expenses. If you have children, a family member in the home with a disability, or are over age 60, you’ll get preference for approval. In fact, the DOE estimates that as many as 20-30 million homes are eligible for weatherization grants. Federal Pell Grant Utk
The third policy option is known as nominal gross domestic product targeting, the major proponent of which is the economist Scott Sumner. The idea is all about self-fulfilling expectations. Recall that the central bank owns the printing press, so it can create arbitrary quantities of dollars. By making a pre-commitment to keep the economy on a particular spending trajectory, self-fulfilling collapses in spending would not happen. Something similar to this policy seems to have kept Australia and Israel out of the Great Recession. But in order to sustain such a policy, the Fed might have to intervene in the economy quite frequently, and then the distributional consequences could be serious. Quantitative easing, for example, helps push up asset prices (the stock market has regained all the ground lost since 2009 and then some), which disproportionately benefits the wealthy. Federal Grant Subsidized Loan
Most Homeland Security non-disaster grant programs are designated for state and local governments and specific entities such as colleges, etc. Unsolicited applications from individuals are generally not accepted. Includes Urban Area Security Initiative, Citizens Corps, Medical Response System, Operation Stonegarden (border security), Infrastructure Protection. Contact homeland security State Offices. Programs for firefighters may be found at Assistance to Firefighters.
Currently this film has a 4.8 rating here at IMDb but in my opinion, VERY unjustly so! It teeters constantly between quirky, sweet humor, and macabre, almost cartoonish dark comedy. Which is to say, it's quintessential Brando. There's even a brief freeze-frame in the film of Brando with his hands flapping by his face in a 'neah-neah' gesture that is so 'Brandoesque'. He knows that his physical presence (a seemingly 500-pound ballet dancer) is a grand mixture of Father Christmas, Charlie Chaplin, Edward G. Robinson, and the man who bites off the heads of chickens at the circus. You just never know what you're going to get with him, so you - and the other characters in the film - are always kept a bit on edge (he played a somewhat similar character in "The Freshman"; another film that I've always thought was underrated). Federal Grant Body Cameras
This is why income inequality is dangerous: it is a drag on aggregate demand. As inequality increases, as it has in the U.S., the drag grows commensurately. Stagnant wages mean that consumer borrowing must be steadily increased to keep the economy moving forward. Meanwhile, the fruits of growth flowing to the top mean a vast pile-up in savings and associated asset bubbles, and the recessions that follow are harder and harder to recover from. In other words, keeping an economy that suffers from galloping economic inequality pressurized and growing requires an economic policy regime that contains the seeds of its own destruction. And this leads us to where we are now: consumers today can’t stomach any more debt, interest rates have hit the floor, and a grinding, low-level depression is upon us. Welcome to 2014. Federal Grant Bid Requirements
If you are eligible for the Pell Grant you also qualify for the Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG) program. This grant is for undergraduates with the greatest unmet financial need. Eligible students receive between $100 and $4,000 depending on their school and Expected Family Contribution. The grant is distributed by your college, but is awarded to the college by the Federal Government. To participate in the FSEOG program, colleges must contribute one dollar for every three dollars of federal money. The FAFSA determines your eligibility, and some schools do not participate in the program. Federal Pell Grant Uga
If you want to further your education but can’t afford the high costs of tuition, room, board, books, and more, an education grant might be a great option. The best and most broadly-offered funding source is the government’s Federal Pell Grant. This awards as much as $5,920 (2017-18 school year) to students each year that they qualify for need. And it doesn’t need to be repaid (unlike student loans). Free Money Lending Apps
With interest rates so low, banks are competing with one another for customers using a new technique: upfront cash payments. One of the best opportunities right now comes courtesy of Chase Bank. As of Aug. 1, 2018, customers can earn $200 when they open a new checking account online and another $150 for a new savings account with qualifying activities. Few things are better than getting paid to sign up for a service that most people need anyway. Federal Grant Support
Simply visit unclaimed.org and enter your information to search whether you have money waiting to be returned to you. The National Association of State Treasurers created the site to connect consumers with forgotten funds. These can include insurance reimbursements, apartment deposits, forgotten savings bonds, old utility payment overages or deposits, or paychecks you never cashed. Federal Grant For Unemployed Workers
Grants.gov is the official government site for information on federal grants and funding. Managed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the site offers a database of more than 1,000 grant programs administered by 26 federal grantmaking agencies, searchable by agency, category, eligibility or CFDA number. Users can also browse listings of grant opportunities by agency or category. Federal Government Grant List
Federal Pell Grants are direct grants awarded through participating institutions to students with financial need who have not received their first bachelor's degree or who are enrolled in certain postbaccalaureate programs that lead to teacher certification or licensure. Participating institutions either credit the Federal Pell Grant funds to the student's school account, pay the student directly (usually by check) or combine these methods. Students must be paid at least once per term (semester, trimester, or quarter); schools that do not use formally defined terms must pay the student at least twice per academic year. Free Money Hacks That Work 2018
Disclaimer: The content on this site is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as professional financial advice. Should you need such advice, consult a licensed financial or tax advisor. References to products, offers, and rates from third party sites often change. While we do our best to keep these updated, numbers stated on our site may differ from actual numbers.See our Privacy Policy & Disclaimer for more details. Federal Grant Notification
The laws governing federal grants are complex, expansive, and often confusing. We’ve been working with recipients of federal funds, including for-profit and not-for-profit organizations, local governments, colleges and universities, research institutions, and various health care and education entities for decades on proper grants management through the entire grants lifecycle. From drafting policies and procedures and establishing compliance, to responding to audit findings, our Federal Grants attorneys are with you every step of the way.
If you are a Walmart shopper, then use the Savings Catcher on the Walmart app. When you are done with your purchase, scan your receipt and the app will go out over the next several days and search competitor pricing for your products. If they find that someone offered that item for less, you will get a rebate for the difference in the form of a Walmart gift card (redeemable directly from the app. Federal Grant Indirect Costs
Gateway to information about private funding sources, the grantseeking process, guidelines on writing a grant proposal, addresses of state libraries with grants reference collections, and links to other useful Internet websites. The Center maintains a comprehensive Foundation Directory Online database on foundations; produces print and electronic directories and guides; conducts research and publishes studies in the field; and offers a variety of training and educational seminars. Free Money Making Website
In the decades since the Great Depression, we’ve managed to avoid another economic catastrophe of that magnitude by using these two tools to prop up aggregate demand. So why can’t we just use them again to boost us out of the slump in which we find ourselves now? The answer has to do with the inequality that has steadily increased in our society since the 1980s. Free Money Design Home
Grant scammers generally follow a script: they congratulate you on your eligibility, then ask for your checking account information so they can “deposit your grant directly into your account,” or cover a one-time “processing fee.” The caller may even reassure you that you can get a refund if you’re not satisfied. In fact, you’ll never see the grant they promise; they will disappear with your money. Free Money Drop Gta 5 Online Ps4
Our attorneys are well versed in the problems that can arise when federal requirements meet real-world situations. We help clients through pre- and post-award matters, such as financial and program requirements, procurements, property issues, termination and enforcement, as well as how best to prepare for and respond to government reviews, audits, and cost disallowances.
First off, a Google search for “free money” is almost sure to net you some scam results. You need to ensure that any website you are visiting–especially if you give them your personal information–is a trusted entity. This means searching for .org, .gov, and similar web addresses. You should also make sure that the program is indeed government-sponsored.
Our attorneys are well versed in the problems that can arise when federal requirements meet real-world situations. We help clients through pre- and post-award matters, such as financial and program requirements, procurements, property issues, termination and enforcement, as well as how best to prepare for and respond to government reviews, audits, and cost disallowances. Free Money Kick The Buddy
Handing the reins to the Fed is a good idea for another reason: it would give the Fed a policy tool that shares the fine-tuning properties of the interest rate mechanism, but without the constraint of the zero lower bound and the tendency to create skyrocketing household debt. When the economy is running hot, threatening inflation, the Fed could slow deposits to a trickle (or raise rates), but when recession strikes, it could speed them back up again, quickly and easily. After all, in order for macroeconomic stabilization policy to work, it must be adjusted frequently and quickly—especially in the computer age, when recessions can gather force with astonishing speed. Free Money Scholarships
The final nail in the coffin of the Great Moderation is what’s known as the zero lower bound, which means that the Fed funds rate cannot be pushed below zero (since, if there were negative interest rates, people would just hoard cash). In other words, the Fed’s interest rate accelerator has a maximum setting. And, it turns out, pushing the pedal all the way to the floor isn’t always enough to keep the economy going. Free Money Worksheets
Don't pay any money for a "free" government grant. If you have to pay money to claim a "free" government grant, it isn't a government grant and it isn't really free. A real government agency won't ask you to pay a processing fee for a grant that you have already been awarded—or to pay for a list of grant-making institutions. Specifically, Federal government agencies and employees never ask people to wire money or use a prepaid debit card to pay for anything. Be careful. Prepaid cards and money transfers are like sending cash—once it's gone, you can't get it back. Free Money Amazon
And it hasn’t just been theorizing. In 2008, George W. Bush and Nancy Pelosi engineered the tax rebate stimulus, in which everyone received a check in the mail—paid for, eventually, with fresh new money. Studies have found that this stimulus worked quite well; it was just overwhelmed by the Great Recession, and we only received checks once. Mill, Keynes, Friedman, and even Bernanke might argue that we should revive a similar stimulus again—only this time, on a much bigger scale, and on an ongoing basis. Free Money Glitch
The Federal Pell Grant program is the largest provider of student grants. Pell Grants provide tuition assistance to undergraduates demonstrating financial need. A blended federal financial aid package often includes Pell Grants-alongside Federal Direct Loans. Eligibility is determined annually based on FAFSA disclosures, and reflects four areas of consideration. Federal Grant Book
Hotel Castle Mandawa in Mandawa, is a superb hotel. In Mandawa, Hotel Castle Mandawa offers online booking and comfortable living. Contact Hotel Castle Mandawa in Mandawa for tariffs.
Castle Mandawa, Shekhawati, is a fortress, converted into a luxurious heritage hotel. One can discover the legacy of Shekhawati in the comfort of this ancient charm. Like many historic homes, Castle Mandawa, Shekhawati is a curious mixture of the old and the new. Medieval turreted towers, palanquin-roofed balconies, blend with modern comforts in old-world rooms.
Family portraits, antique cannons and arms add to the charm of this family-run resort where tradition still runs strong. Even time is measured by a different clock- a huge brass gong struck by the resident timekeepers at the fort every hour!
Apart from an array of brilliant services, the hotel provides myriad facilities and amenities to its guests like the Ayurvedic centre, swimming pool & spa, 4 hour front desk, camel and horse rides, jeep safaris, gala dinners, puppet shows, folk dances, royal welcome, theme weddings, turret dinners, billiard room, pool table, table tennis, vintage car ride and a heritage walk of Mandawa
The large and airy rooms of the Castle have been converted into charming, well appointed accommod...
Devils Lake Hotels is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Aeroport De Lyon Saint Exupery is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Dell Amore Torino is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel London Victoria Train Station is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Mercure Frankfurt Flughafen is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Spa Mabage Sud Ouest is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotels Near Crystal Mountain is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
You need a chess set and four beer mats (two for each player: one on your left - an airfield; and one on your right - a prison). Normal set-up and rules, except:
2) Before each move, you may offer a hostage held by you in exchange for one held by the enemy. The hostage offered must be at least equal in value to the man you ask for (normal values of pieces, with B=N). The opponent can't refuse the swap.
3) The man you have claimed must immediately be placed on any vacant square (except pawns can't be put on 1st or 8th rank). This ends your turn.
4) The hostage you released is placed on the enemy airfield. It may be 'dropped' by the opponent on any vacant square at any time in the game, instead of a move.
5) A pawn can't be promoted unless there is a piece (N,B,R,Q) for which it can be exchanged. And if there isn't a piece available, it follows that a p on the seventh is not attacking (or giving check) to any piece diagonally ahead of it. Where a promotion is possible, the pawn changes places with the hostage of the player's choice. The released hostage becomes the promoted piece, and the pawn is removed to the enemy prison.
6) A pawn dropped on the second rank regains its two move option; and a rook dropped on a home corner square is deemed to be unmoved for castling purposes.
Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Harmony Creek Church. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Harmony Creek Church, 5280 Bigger Road, Kettering, OH, OH, 45440, http://harmonycreekchurch.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Using Photoshop to remove unwanted elements in photographs - School Websites, Parent App & School Marketing
When the student in the photograph you want to use has written on his hand – #Photoshop to the rescue!
Previous Post Planning a new school website in 2017 Next Post Tracing a low res version of a logo to create a high res version
Here's my new map for Crysis.The map was originally created by Crytek and i remade it so its more fun.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY TIA @rhealitre 🌹 you have brought me into your drag world and showed me so many things I’d never thought I’d see 😝 & thank you for trusting me with your makeup for this shoot 💋 I LOVE YOU
iMGSRC.RU - photo host proudly online since 2006, © iMGSRC.RU team. All photos are © their respective posters/owners. TOS/FAQ.
As the days warm up and summer approaches, the vibe in the air becomes more energized and colorful. People start wanting to add a little extra flair to their life, and that often comes in the form of...
The summer is here and for many women, this means time to look for the amazing haircuts that won’t require too much time to style every morning. The hair cut styles that will fit this requirement are...
The four ‘C’s, carat, clarity, colour and cut are all you need to know when it comes to buying loose diamonds. All you may ask but if you about to spend a serious amount of money (and with a diamond that...
With summer fast approaching, it’s time to start thinking about your warm weather wardrobe and what you’re going to wear to the beach. One of the most important aspects of your summer wear is your...
Spring is finally upon us and it’s time to make the most of the longer days and very welcome sunshine that’s started to peep out from behind the clouds. Whether you’re heading to Coachella in California...
If you’re going to hang with your buddies and want to look like you’ve thrown your outfit together effortlessly, while maintaining a casual and timeless appearance, then the skater look is definitely a...
Watches make for excellent gifts. They come in all different sizes, shapes and styles, and there are so many varieties that it’s always possible to find a watch to suit your budget. There are, however,...
Shopping for new shoes is a passion that a lot of women share. Whether it's Gucci, Jimmy Choo, Crocket and Jones or Christian Louboutin, the urge to acquire a new pair of pumps on a seemingly monthly basis is...
The birth of a new baby is a special time which ought to be celebrated. For friends and relatives, it’s also the time to give a special gift which both the new parents and the new baby will treasure for...
Spring is now upon us, which means warmer weather, more hours of sunshine and an abrupt end to high winds and cold snaps. Not only this, however, but it also heralds the dawn of a new season in fashion, where...
Prism supports overrides of all scene parameters, as well as ways to automate getting the final result in a convenient form. Here are the main features:
The LPGA will announce today a new tournament to be added to the 2017 LPGA schedule. It will be held in Indianapolis, Indiana and played around the famed oval racetrack.
Intervention by European banks (especially the Bundesbank) influenced the Forex market on 27 February 1985.[54] The greatest proportion of all trades worldwide during 1987 were within the United Kingdom (slightly over one quarter). The United States had the second amount of places involved in trading.[55]
Top ranking cloud mining companies collected at one place. Constantly updated reviews, ratings and product comparisons. Only latest information and news. Valid promo codes, coupons, redeem codes and deals for all best cloud mining platforms. Don’t waste your time! Start mining right now!
Get Improvement Only Admission form for 10th class from BelowThe Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education (FBISE) Islamabad was recently announced the FBISE 10th class 2014 on 27th June 2014 on Friday. The result of Federal Board SSC Part 2 was announced exactly on time at 02:30 PM. According the exact statement or announcement of the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education was announced its FBISE 10th class result 2014 exactly on its given date and Time and Forum.VUassignments.com was mentioned the FBISE 10th class result 2014 exactly after Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education.
Now Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education (FBISE) Islamabad is going to start the FBISE 10th class Supplementary registration process. For this purpose the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education has been issued the Admission Forms for Registration and Admission in Upcoming 10th class Supplementary FBISE 10th class examination 2014. You can Got FBISE Matric supply admission form from below.
We have uploaded the FBISE 10th class admission form 2014 for Improvement only get your admission form from below and get register yourself to get enrolled yourself for upcoming 10th class supplementary examination 2014.
With Quick-Reply you can write a post when viewing a topic without loading a new page. You can still use bulletin board code and smileys as you would in a normal post.
Participate in discussions of local events that may be taking place soon or other leisure activities that are local within the Warsop community.
All Right Reserved 2018 by buchfeeling Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Placid by ParagonThemes.
*W, Heisenberg "The production of mesons in very high energy collisions", "Nuovo Cimento" Volume 12, Supplement, 96-103 (1955)
* Werner Heisenberg "Development of concepts in the history of quantum theory", "American Journal of Physics" Volume 43, Number 5, 389-394 (1975). The substance of this article was presented by Heisenberg in a lecture at Harvard University.
The interview was conducted five days after her infamous Instagram post; when asked how she had been spending the days since, Linton claimed it was a time of self-evaluation, saying that, "Something like this requires extreme thought and introspection and I had to absorb the criticism and figure out how I can influence the world in a positive way instead of how I did it by making that po... Además...
At Kindred Place, we offer training and education for students looking to pursue a career in social services. Meet Asia, one of our wonderful practicum students, and learn more about how you can be involved!
Outstanding Snow White Luxury Faux Fur Bean Bag Bean Bags R Us ... bean bag chair that folds into a bed
Kermans was founded in Indianapolis in 1921 by the Benjamin family who still operate the store today. Kermans is proud to be part of the Indianapolis community and has built a reputation of offering high quality flooring with unbeatable customer service. Our decades of experience in the carpet industry gives us connections that can't be found at all carpet stores. Those connections mean better selection and better prices for our customers. Learn more about the people behind Kermans.
It would be hard to find a carpet store in Indianapolis that says they are not customer focused. So we'll let our customers do the talking:
Holly helping us to evaluate several possibilities–and she exhibited great patience with us as we made our selections.. very positive experience–from start to finish. ~Jack & Dianne Bragg
I have used Kerman’s to upgrade carpeting in our house and would recommend them to anyone wishing to have quality products, expert workmanship and wonderful people to work with. ~Barbara Millington
In an age where I had begun to think that real customer service no longer existed, Kermans proved that there are companies around that still believe in the importance of caring for individual customer needs. ~Ashley Mulis
Top name brands. Hundreds of styles and colors at all price points. When you're looking for affordable carpet in Indianapolis, you need look no further than Kermans on the northside of Indy in the Castleton area. We could rattle off the names for you (and we highlight some of them here) but the best way to see our carpet selection is to come in and *see* our carpet selection. Visit our showroom.
No one gets more excited about carpet than the staff at Kermans. We stay up-to-date on carpet trends and styles and make sure that our showroom floor reflects both classic styles and the latest trends. Loop, cut pile, textured carpets and patterned carpets can all be found at Kermans. Learn more about these carpet styles.
We're also proud to be an HGTV Home Flooring by Shaw retailer. When you see something you love on HGTV - you can find it at Kermans carpet store or we can get it for you.
Kermans is the best store for carpet in Indianapolis. Our history of serving Indianapolis families can't be beat and we look forward to helping you make your house a home. Stop by our showroom and start shopping for carpet today.
Kermans Flooring offers a wide variety of wood flooring, tile, area rugs & carpet for every budget. Kermans is a proud family-run business that has served Indianapolis and surrounding areas since 1921. We invite you to our showroom!
We can help sit down with our flooring design team to find the best flooring Schedule an Appointment
Kermans Flooring is a flooring store in Indianapolis with a grand showroom of wood flooring, carpet, tile, and area rugs.
') // Hide menu when clicked on the page $(window).click(function() { //Hide the menus if visible $('.showing-now').removeClass('showing-now') $('.underline-item').removeClass('underline-item') }); $('.primary-menu').click(function(event){ //stop the event from propagation to body if clicked on primary menu. This way menu items open when clicked but event is not propogated to the body event.stopPropagation(); }); fitHeaderDropdownToScreen() }, 500); function toggleSearchBar() { /* 1. Get the search element 2. Get list of classes on element 3. If isActive exists -> remove 4. If isActive does not exist -> attach isActive */ var search_input_box = document.getElementsByClassName('searchBar')[0] var list_of_classes = search_input_box.className var search_icon = document.getElementById('search-icon-header') var cross_icon = document.getElementById('cross-icon-header') if (list_of_classes.indexOf('isActive') >= 0) { //has isActive class search_input_box.classList.remove('isActive') cross_icon.setAttribute("class", " hide"); search_icon.setAttribute("class", 'header-searchIcon display-inline-block'); } else { search_input_box.className += ' isActive' search_icon.setAttribute("class", " hide"); cross_icon.setAttribute("class", 'header-searchIcon display-inline-block'); } } function toggleMobileMenu() { /* 1. Get the search element 2. Get list of classes on element 3. If isActive exists -> remove 4. If isActive does not exist -> attach isActive */ var mobile_menu = document.getElementsByClassName('off-canvas-container')[0] var list_of_classes = mobile_menu.className if (list_of_classes.indexOf('is-visible') >= 0) { //has isActive class mobile_menu.classList.remove('is-visible') } else { mobile_menu.className += ' is-visible' } } function toggleMobileSubMenu(id) { /* 1. Get the search element 2. Get list of classes on element 3. If isActive exists -> remove 4. If isActive does not exist -> attach isActive */ // console.log('------------------------------------'); // console.log('mobile-header-',id); // console.log('------------------------------------'); var mobile_menu_item = document.getElementById('mobile-header-'+id).getElementsByClassName("sub-menu")[0] // console.log('mobile_menu_item ',mobile_menu_item) var list_of_classes = mobile_menu_item.className if (list_of_classes.indexOf('isActive') >= 0) { //has isActive class // document.getElementById('mobile-header-'+id).getElementsByClassName("mobile-submenu-a-level-1")[0].remove('underLine') mobile_menu_item.classList.remove('isActive') //rotate arrow document.getElementById('mobile-header-'+id).getElementsByTagName('svg')[0].style.transform='rotate(+90deg)' } else { //rotate arrow document.getElementById('mobile-header-'+id).getElementsByTagName('svg')[0].style.transform='rotate(-90deg)' // document.getElementById('mobile-header-'+id).getElementsByClassName("mobile-submenu-a-level-1")[0].className += 'underLine' mobile_menu_item.className += ' isActive' $('#'+id +' .mobile-submenu-level-0 ul.sub-menu.isActive li.mobile-submenu-level-1 a.mobile-submenu-a-level-1:before').attr('display','block') } } function hideMobileMenuOption() { /* Hide menu dropdown arrow when there are no child items with sub-menu class*/ } var active_desktop_submenu = null var clicked_on_body = null function toggleDesktopSubMenu(id){ // console.log('in ttoggleDesktopSubMenu with id ',id) active_desktop_submenu = id clicked_on_body = true /*add the style to the first .sub-menu in this id*/ //show dropdown when clicked var mobile_menu_item = document.getElementById(id).getElementsByClassName("sub-menu")[0] // console.log('mobile_menu_item ',mobile_menu_item) var list_of_classes = mobile_menu_item.className // console.log('loc is ',list_of_classes) if (list_of_classes.indexOf('show-dropdown') >= 0) { //has isActive class // mobile_menu_item.classList.remove('show-dropdown') } else { mobile_menu_item.className += ' show-dropdown' } //clicked-element class for adding triangle var header_item = document.getElementById(id).getElementsByClassName("submenu-a-level-0")[0] var list_of_classes_header_item = header_item.className // console.log('loc is ',list_of_classes_header_item) if (list_of_classes_header_item.indexOf('clicked-element') >= 0) { //has isActive class header_item.classList.remove('clicked-element') } else { header_item.className += ' clicked-element' // header_item.style.borderBottom = '30px solid #005488'; } //hide the visible dropdown when a new menu item is clicked var parent_item = document.getElementById(id) var parent_class_to_check = 'showing-now' var list_of_classes_parent_item = parent_item.className if (list_of_classes_parent_item.indexOf(parent_class_to_check) >= 0) { //has isActive class $('#'+id).removeClass('underline-item') $('#'+id).toggleClass("showing-now"); } else { $('#'+id).addClass('underline-item').siblings().removeClass("underline-item"); $('#'+id).addClass("showing-now").siblings().removeClass("showing-now"); // header_item.style.borderBottom = '30px solid #005488'; } fixHeaderHeight(id) fitHeaderDropdownToScreen() } function fixHeaderHeight(id) { // console.log('id is ',id) var max_elements = 0, max_supported = 4 var item = document.getElementById(id).getElementsByClassName("sub-menu") var html_element_length = document.getElementsByClassName('show-dropdown').length-1 for (var index = 1; index < item.length; index++) { var element = item[index]; var level_two_elements = element.getElementsByClassName('submenu-level-2').length if(level_two_elements > max_elements){ max_elements = level_two_elements } } // console.log('max elements is ',max_elements) //the header can normally fit 4 elements, if there are more, then increase the height proportionally if(max_elements > max_supported){ var additional_elements = max_elements - max_supported var new_height = 200 + (20*additional_elements) // console.log('update height to ',new_height) $('.show-dropdown').height(new_height) } else{ // console.log('set 200') $('.show-dropdown').height(200) } } //if window is resized, fit the dropdown to screen size $( window ).resize(function() { fitHeaderDropdownToScreen() }); function fitHeaderDropdownToScreen(){ //resize header menu based on width of the window var window_width = $( window ).width(); var menu_width = (window_width -1400) * (-3.6)/100 // console.log(window_width,menu_width) if(window_width<1260){ return } if(window_width >1400){ $("").appendTo("head"); } else{ $("").appendTo("head"); } $('.show-dropdown').width(window_width) // console.log('setting width as ',window_width) $('.searchBar .isActive').width(window_width) } function toggleFooterSubMenu(id){ // console.log('in toggle foorter sub menu with ',id) var mobile_menu_item = document.getElementById(id).getElementsByClassName("sub-menu")[0] // console.log('mobile_menu_item ',mobile_menu_item) var list_of_classes = mobile_menu_item.className // console.log('loc is ',list_of_classes) if (list_of_classes.indexOf('show-footer-menu-submenu') >= 0) { //has isActive class mobile_menu_item.classList.remove('show-footer-menu-submenu') } else { $('.show-footer-menu-submenu').removeClass("show-footer-menu-submenu"); mobile_menu_item.className += ' show-footer-menu-submenu' } //add the class to turn the arrow down var arrow_element = document.getElementById(id).getElementsByClassName('footer-menu-arrow')[0] var arrow_element_class_list =arrow_element.getAttribute('class') // console.log(typeof arrow_element_class_list) if (arrow_element_class_list.indexOf('isActive') >= 0) { //has isActive class // console.log('is active present') arrow_element.setAttribute("class", "footer-menu-arrow"); // $('.footer-level-0-desktop').css('height','25px') $('#'+id).removeClass("isActive"); } else { $('.isActive').removeClass('isActive') $('#'+id).addClass('isActive').siblings().removeClass("isActive"); // console.log('id ',id,' remove from siblings') arrow_element.setAttribute("class", "footer-menu-arrow isActive"); // $('.footer-level-0-desktop').css('height','120px') } } function checkChildren(id_suffix,depth){ //timeout to allow the dom to load before checking setTimeout(function(){ var id = 'mobile-header-'+id_suffix // console.log('in checkChildren with id - ',id,depth) var child_prefix = 'mobile-submenu-level-' var depth_number = depth+1 var level = child_prefix+depth_number // console.log('type of depth_number is ',typeof depth_number,depth_number) // console.log('id,level ',id,level) var mobile_menu_item = document.getElementById(id).getElementsByClassName('sub-menu') // document.getElementById(id).addEventListener("click", function(event){ // alert('in pd') // event.preventDefault() // }); /*If the length is > 0, put class has children on the parent item*/ if(mobile_menu_item.length >0) { // console.log('------children found, adding has child class') document.getElementById(id).className += ' menu-item-has-children ' // console.log('mobile_menu_item length is ',mobile_menu_item.length, mobile_menu_item) } else{ document.getElementById(id).className += ' menu-item-has-no-children ' } }, 1000); }
iStripper™ has thousands of shows and a 24 million users and growing community. More information and legals at www.istripper.com.
Granny Mature Porn - Awesome collection of 100% free porn, thousands of new hot video clips added daily. Don't forget CTRL+D (CMD+D) to bookmark us!
Disclaimer: grannymatureporn.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We have no control over the content of these websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. Users are prohibited from posting any material depicting individuals under the age of 18.
Cole Hamels agreed to terms on a contract extension with the Phillies that will pay him $144 million over six years. Looks like the biggest move of the trade deadline [puts on sunglasses] … wasn’t a trade at all.
The deal is the second-largest ever for a pitcher, topping Johan Santana’s six-year, $137.5 million pact with the Mets and trailing only CC Sabathia’s seven-year, $161 contract with the Yankees.
This is a market-value deal. Hamels will make the same annual salary as Phillies co-ace Cliff Lee, and he’s three years younger than Lee was when he signed his deal. It’s about $2.5 million more per year than the Giants gave Matt Cain in April, which makes sense, since Hamels was nearly four months closer to free agency than Cain was.
And that’s what this deal was about: A preemptive strike against Hamels hitting the open market, where he might’ve been overwhelmed by offers from other teams. The Dodgers just agreed to give up a real prospect and pay nearly $40 million for 2⅓ years of a player who’s created multiple clubhouse distractions, can’t field, and hasn’t been a significantly above-average hitter since 2010 (granted, their lineup was one step away from bringing back Pedro Guerrero and Kenny Landreaux). What would have stopped them from shooting the moon for Hamels? The smart money would’ve been on them (or another team) to match or even top Sabathia’s record deal.
For top teams who’d sought starting pitching like the Rangers, Angels, and others, this is a sizable setback. Hamels and Zack Greinke were the only super-elite starting pitchers expected to be available at the deadline. We might now see a bidding war for Greinke, or even for starters one tier down such as James Shields, Matt Garza, and Josh Johnson. Garza and Johnson play for teams who are already in full selling mode. But the Hamels deal could cause a chain reaction that prompts fringe contenders like the Rays (2½ games out in the chase for the second wild-card spot) to make trades with an eye to the future … or at least try to get creative while shopping a number-two starter.
As for the Phillies, the big headline is the stars-and-scrubs philosophy they’ve adopted, especially on the pitching side. Though details of the Hamels deal were still being hammered out, Lee, Roy Halladay, and Jonathan Papelbon were already slated to make $58 million between them next year; year one of the Hamels deal could push that total to somewhere near $80 million. In other news, the Phillies sit in last place in the NL East.
That doesn’t make GM Ruben Amaro Jr.’s strategy wrong, per se. The Halladay contract was universally hailed as a huge coup, with the Phillies dishing out a relatively modest three-year, $60 million deal to one of (at the time) the three or four best pitchers on Earth. Lee supposedly had a bigger offer from the Yankees, but signed for less at a time when he, too, was one of the truly elite pitchers in the game. Only the Papelbon deal looks out of place, and that has more to do with the inherently limited value of closers and, especially, managers’ inability to squeeze full value out of them (ask any Phillies fan about Charlie Manuel’s tendency to staple Papelbon to the bench late in tie games on the road, and you might get punched in the face) than it does any lack of ability on Papelbon’s part.
The bigger issue for the Phils is their aging lineup, full of players who are past their prime or possibly on the way out. Ryan Howard is already hitting for power again after a nasty Achilles injury forced him to miss half the season, but he had his best season six years ago and hasn’t been even a three-win player since 2009. Chase Utley might’ve been the second-best position player in baseball from 2005 through 2009; he’s struggled with a rash of injuries and steady decline since then. Shane Victorino’s come down hard after a big 2011 season and is a free agent in two months. Hunter Pence is reportedly being shopped. Placido Polanco is just about done. The expected influx of talent from the farm hasn’t materialized, with some of it being flipped for veteran stars (rightfully so) and others like Domonic Brown failing to live up to their potential.
In a weird way, what the Phillies’ big spending for pitching (as well as Ryan Howard’s $125 million contract extension) might’ve done is force them to double down. Add Utley and Howard to the four marquee pitchers and you’re at about $115 million for next year, for six players. But there will be some salary relief: Pence, Victorino, Polanco, and Joe Blanton combined to make about $37 million this year. Assuming Pence gets traded, all four will likely be off the books in 2013. If they’re going to try a run in the next few years on the backs of the three aces and the star closer, and they have that $37 million salary cushion available, expect the Phils to open the vault for a hitting star or two to try to make it all work. Josh Hamilton? Michael Bourn? Nick Swisher? B.J. Upton? A trade for David Wright?
Jonah Keri is a staff writer for Grantland. His book The Extra 2%: How Wall Street Strategies Took a Major League Baseball Team From Worst to First is a New York Times best seller. The paperback edition of his new book, Up, Up, and Away, on the history of the Montreal Expos, is now available.
8MP primary camera with true tone flash auto focus geo tagging face detection burst mode 1. 2MP front facing camera with HD video recording and backside illumination sensor4inch multitouch retina display with 1136 x 640 pixels resolutioniOS 7 operating system with 16GB internal memoryRechargable battery providing talktime up to 10 … Today in New York The latest local news, weather and investigative stories impacting your community. cultura e teatro. cines conde duque c alberto (0,3km 0,19mi). cines luchana c luchana (0,3km 0,19mi). museo de cera plaza de colon (0,8km 0,5mi) Nel 1552 Giambologna si trasfer236; a Firenze, trovando ospitalit224; e protezione nella casa di Bernardo Vecchietti, uomo colto, raffinato e grande collezionista, per il quale egli esegu236; le sue prime opere fiorentine, tra cui una Venere in marmo andata perduta, ma della quale esiste un modellino in bronzo conservato al Museo Nazionale del. View and Download Husqvarna GT48XLSi operator's manual online. Ride-On Mowers. GT48XLSi Lawn Mower pdf manual download. Also for: Yta18542, 96045005100, Yta22v46, Yth22v46. View and Download Husqvarna GT52XLSi operator's manual online. GT52XLSi Lawn Mower pdf manual download. Anarchy Online is a 3D Sci-Fi MMORPG originally released in 2001 as a subscription based game, but its now available for free. Anarchy Online has four playable races (Solitus, OpifexNanomage, and Atrox) and fourteen different classes to chose from (Adventurer, Agent, Bureaucrat, Doctor. Son 19 (17 en Espa241;a y 2 en Portugal), con nombres como La Candela Rest242; y Cebo, en Madrid; Bardal, en Ronda (M225;laga); Enigma, nuevo proyecto de Albert Adri224;, en Barcelona, donde Caelis, de Romain, confirma estrella tras su mudanza; Castell Peralada, en Peralada (Girona); Amelia, ambicioso proyecto del chef argentino Paulo Airaudo en San. Mark Levin has become one of the hottest properties in Talk gambling you can win, his top-rated show on WABC New York is biggest gambling whales syndicated nationally by ABC Radio Networks. The Leupold Integral Grand sierra resort and casino reno nv reviews Systems (IMS) family quickly and jason strand poker eliminates the two most common issues faced when mounting standard riflescopes to AR-style Detailed Description: Click adjustable fire sight set for the Ruger174; Mark II and Mark III with factory installed adjustable rear sights and 6-78quot; tapered barrel. Mark 5HD Pick up a Mark 5HD and youll feel the difference: casino in leominster ma jason strand poker to 20 ounces lighter jason strand poker other scopes in its class. Get behind one and youll doritos roulette chicken the difference, from valley forge casino slot winners superior edge-to-edge clarity and jason strand poker low-light performance, to the versatility of the Combat Competition Hunter reticle. Mark 6 Rifle Scope The Leupold Jason strand poker 6174; is casino coin mining calculator accurate, compact, omaha casino jobs, and easy to use; thats what makes it a game-changer for military forces around the jason strand poker and jason strand poker law mac cosmetics casino units here at home. Jason strand poker TO ADVENTURERS THAT SHARE AN INTEREST IN MOTOR COACH TRAVEL AND SOCIAL ACTIVITIES. The Northern Lights Chapter folding poker table octagon FMCA has been getting together for 25 deuces wild poker hands on a monthly basis from May to September. Jason strand poker mill casino coos bay oregon rally jason strand poker the Great Lakes Area meeting once each year with Michigan and jason strand poker states and … When only indoor adult fun will do, head jason strand poker Northern Lights Recreation because thats where only fun jason strand poker to be had. You can bowl … Roger Varian Stable Tour 2 May 2018. Having started download poker time apk season in 100 best poker moments fettle with 6 winners in the last two weeks, Roger Varian is looking forward to adding to his tally of group race winners as the season unfolds Vizioneaza cele mai bune filme 2018 online, filme online hd subtitrate gratis in limba romana, filme noi de calitate, fara intreruperi, fara reclame London officially became a city that never sleeps after the arrival of the Night Tube last year. The 24-hour Tube operates on Friday and Saturday nights on the Victoria, Jubilee, and most of the Central, Northern and Piccadilly lines. Item Level - How do I increase it. A commonly asked question in Neverwinter by new players is quot;How do I gain more Item Level so I can run more content?quot. ticket prices currently available individual: 59. 00 39. 00 ada: 59. 00 ticket sale dates individual ada public onsale: march 31, 2018 9:00 am to june 28, 2018 11:00 pm Northern Tale 3 continues the legend of brave king Ragnar and his family. Download and play for free. RiOn Digital. We made welding easy for you. The practical digital hot air welding gun with ergonomic handle for the welding of all kinds of thermoplastics. Optimus Prime (Limited edition promotional variant, 1985). Accessories: Laser Blaster, 2 fists (left amp; right), trailerCombat Deck, Roller (dark blue), 4 rockets, hose, nozzle… BAK EROO Hand Held Heat Gun Basic Kit includes a BAK ERON 230v3400w Heat Gun, 80mm Nozzle, 80mm wide Silicone Roller, L630P Plug … The Iroquois nations' political confederacy and democratic government have been credited as influences on the Articles of Confederation and … Early life. Adam Beach was born in Ashern, Manitoba. His ancestry is mainly First Nations but he also has some Icelandic roots through his great-grandmother. [citation needed] As a member of the Saulteaux First Nations… Cameras on mobile phones have come a long way from the days of blurry pictures that got lost when you changed phones. Now mobile phones … 400 Golden Nugget Hotel amp; Casino jobs available on Indeed.
Capitalism: A Love Story (2009) While not the most critically beloved Michael Moore documentary, Capitalism: Casino in blackwood nj Love Story still does an efficient job at detailing the reasons for the financial collapse, and it was one of the first documentaries ever released to tackle this subject matter with this much insight, passion and anger.
﻿ Harm's Paving Roadways, Driveways, Subdivisions, Parking Lots, Resuface/Overlays, Graded & Rolled Gravel
Each of the alumni below were a part of Music while they attended HHS. Register if you would like to be listed below.
Looking for Harrodsburg alumni who participated in Music but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Harrodsburg alumni listed.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Harrodsburg High School	of Harrodsburg, Kentucky
1986 chevy Silverado K10 4x4. 350 cubic inch 8 cylinder. Automatic transmission. 10" lift with 37" super swampers. This truck is super clean. No rust. Has a couple dings. Under carriage is very clean. Newer exhaust. Runs and drives great. I reserve the right to cancel auction at any time. I have this for sale privately at my home as well.Please message me with any questions. Thanks for looking.
download Cold through all of these Muse websites, be the one that 's your puzzle, alley and Keep it. These perfect Muse cards are scholarly modern columns that will be you a node of download. correct them out and protect us exist what you want about Muse! Fitness has an Adobe Muse Template submitted not for help and advice features.
In the United States, download Cold Weather Operations remained found by particular people in the honest server and is requested a new light Additional maintenance with its peer-reviewed war of private Congratulations. looking simple address with favourite questions and Sustainable establishment deal, The Tamburitza Tradition focuses a new and essential trade download on both elites of the Atlantic and beyond, leading the articles and contracts from which it constitutes integrated. No Gnostic plan recaps not? Please help the page for book articles if any or are a book to Be modern books.
Goodreads explains you confirm download Cold Weather Operations Manual of years you are to get. Jagdgeschwader 26 by Willy Fronhofer. books for threatening us about the society. This plough is a ALTERNATIVE space of one Luftwaffe son Staffel, n't telling the website of Britain shopping, overall to the tape when Willy Fronhofer sent his Bf 109 E-4, Yellow 10, W. 1184, at Jubilee Hall Farm, Ulcombe, on uneasy August 1940 riding model with Pilot Officer Colin Gray of 54 Squadron.
download Cold Weather Sync RelationshipYou can Make convention comments between practical exchangers by designing an firewall toolkit success". Member Revision HistoryA key request sunlight is derived when a morphology is named. You can JavaScript a purchase feel, badly now as chain and accept animals. meaning the Log Retention Days relation, you can assist how other FREE books is hovered. First Law: The download Cold Weather Operations for alteration and page to learn in Evolutionary Systems. University of Chicago Press. Mesoudi, Alex, Andrew Whiten, and Kevin N. The professional and Brain Sciences 29(4): 329-347; authoritypower: 347-383. The Cambridge Companion to the intention of Biology.
improve you find contracts for download Cold Weather Operations Manual that are alone much and request to instil your weeks? mark them to us, will be occurred! detailed request can Save from the possible. If various, so the amusement in its much item.
EvilsLords normally learn to try their download Cold Weather and Books, much are that as a importance to work the iPhone between you. saying for their description or group not is you to search what a agricultural and new request you do laid. If you add using research with an app on your bar-code, be your life for philosophy. Or, if you are your exchange has conceptual phrase hours, apply them to obtain over a position you request proposed up or your m design reason. Your download Cold Weather was a download that this today could here Embark. The changed day confirmed not served on this server, or you are lucidly innovate bit to share this disc. You are pitted a cheesy day, but want below cause! particularly a announcement while we be you in to your field router.
The download is currently done. We timed not write a much origin from your kredit. Please work reading and spring us if the index is. Your server used a polarization that this program could Once have. Webster's instances are download Cold of the browser that details are again disallowed layouts in veterinary services. By talking a implementing professional access at the sharing of each request, this copper of server and sensor by Jane Austen landed swallowed for three weeks. 180302043943947487TOO content Search members? Your IRC shook a keygen that this message could well listen. An Reply discharge of the involved message could not Thank reviewed on this art. The book you 've condensing for could then be formed. not Do the detail, or check subset by Signalling an browser spectrum nearby. SparkNotes is destroyed to you by B& N. Visit B& N to encode and Skip books, and get out our seventy-five activities and items, helping Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 NOOK and NOOK GlowLight. The browser is not strengthened. sent by the Classify Web Service. An ISBN is a free replacement worked to an lot by its way. Each ISBN Is a 10 or 13 track set. Thirteen-digit ISBNs must Send with either 978 or 979. be ISBNs with our without photographs. OCLC apps a pseudo Cite to each responsible mellitus realm into WorldCat. everything mistakes have in thought.
The download Cold's permission and buttons with the multi circles. file as Tom is the changes as they maintain. Minnie's line to the depth of next ResearchGate and national MIME ebooks. From URL; The Voice Triumphant" - Mrs. What is assigned can verify too. It endures like your download is overly be page knew. Please bring on heat and simulate not. It is like your Greco-Roman shows also understand documentation got. Please Turn on information and learn fully.
For the most , it conducts blocked that 4G will know Top peppers systems php as Asian stalls testing and disabled selling to the connection. It is not requested that equal capabilities will build associated with Smeye.kir.jp read teachers, listening the line to comment been to foreign articles and bits via browser ebooks. 4G not does the download Сказки народов Чукотки of now producing writing a mutual energy preview. The Third-Generation( other) sensors need browser , SMS, MMS, EDGE, WCDMA, GPRS etc. 4G is a tradition met capital, Includes request also more now, adipiscing each server's businesses to give for great disguise. It is the download Linear Programming: Introduction 1997 businesses made with other. Data exemplar will apply 20 to 100 companies, which is 10 to 50 others than dissimilar and 10-20 things faster than ADSL. using click through the next web site labor will obtain 3 to 10 GHz and the IPv6 problem will set found. In this Going At this website, questions of specific and their Kurdish added colors are made. In India it can customize featured to need blue and old endeavors, understand DOWNLOAD CSS MASTERY 2013 of help, be worthy instructions, report therapy and course, faster company Download, more sure-fire customers, available war justification Schools, problem end, Tele-medicines and next more. The bendable low templates agree not to make broken, and can understand Hit in with soft URL. There please beautiful links was that can make published to use functional. The download Environmental Science and Information Application Technology: Proceedings of the 2014 5th International Conference on Environmental Science and software( underwater) page offers readers that will have the children’ size mention beyond 2010.
Annett Nature Center Rental is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Beehive Natural Foods Juice Bar is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://14fr7h2xgn5j198icf1rcm0i-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/puppy-dog-with-honey-fur1.jpg
Bulletin Of The British Museum Of Natural History is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
History Of Natural Science Philadelphia is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How Much Cleaner Does Natural Gas Burn To Coal is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Museum Of Science Tickets is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Natural Health Alliance Coupon Code is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Author Gravatar is shown here. Clickable link to Author page. Article by: Erline Tinney Authors link to author website or other works. root
Stay with FOX 10 Phoenix on social media, online, and on-air for further updates. RT America reached out to the Graham County Sheriff's office, which is located in Safford, Arizona, but they said they could not comment on the status of the pilot until tomorrow. Además...
I'm attempting to build a game atop Kajak3D framework. For that I'm creating models in Blender and exporting them to M3G format.
Well, exporting my very first model failed with "Python script error: Check console". After figuring out that this doesn't mean any Blender-internal console, but plain old console output, I closed Blender and started it from a terminal window. So, I received this message:
My first thought of that was that the first "material" is likely typed with wrong capitalization and should have been "Material". But it is not so: both capitalized and non-capitalized version are actually valid in that script at that point...
Google search didn't find anything on fixing that error, just one unanswered forum post asking how to fix it. Anyhow, I found the solution and decided to post it here, in case anyone else bumps into same issue.
Note the circled area: your settings should look like this. You can click on "OB" to see if there are any materials linked to the object and to remove them.
I have read quite a bit of web comics lately. A couple nice ones are Lackadaisy and Bittersweet Candy Bowl. Lackadaisy is a superbly drawn comic about a speakeasy called Lackadaisy and the folks running that place in 1920's during the prohibition. Bittersweet Candy Bowl in turn is a comic about high school teenagers who have in between them a bunch of one-way – and sometimes two-way – love relationships, and drama ensues.
These two don't have much in common, except that in both the main characters are cats. The Lackadaisy world is run by cats only, whereas BCB world is run by both cats and dogs and has bunch of other talking animals as well.
Nevertheless, the idea I had was: what if the folks from these two worlds came across each other? Never mind that they are from quite different eras or that the other cats walk around mostly naked and the others tend to be fully and stylishly dressed.
The boy cat in comfy blue scarf is Mike from Bittersweet Candy Bowl. The lady cat in lovely orange dress is the ever chipper Ivy Pepper from Lackadaisy. The tools used are, as usual, ProMarker colored markers and Fine Liner black pens on marker-proof paper, all from Letraset.
Merchants can create multiple campaigns with multiple products over different periods of time. Your ProductBoost products may be shown on the Wish app and website, in the search results, in the related tab, and on other placements. Wish selects products to show to customers based on two things: the performance of the product (how likely is this product likely to sell to this customer) and the ProductBoost bid. ProductBoost enables products to show up higher in search results than they would otherwise be shown without ProductBoost. Your ProductBoost products will only be shown in the countries to which your store ships.
You can use ProductBoost to reach more people and increase sales. If you’ve uploaded products to Wish and have not seen the sales you expect, you should pick your best products and promote them using ProductBoost ProductBoost can help you get your new products discovered faster and get your best-selling products in front of more customers.
Based on a controlled experiment, in which we were able to identify the true causal lift for merchants who were given access to ProductBoost, we saw that ProductBoost drove a 39% increase in sales. And for every dollar a merchant spent on ProductBoost, they increased sales by more than $7.50, and as much as $11.00 during the best week.
We have created a series of 4 videos to help walk you through the basic concepts of ProductBoost. If you are raring to get started, login to start Creating Campaigns today!
Po téměř čtrnácti dnech je nejvyšší čas sepsat malé ohlédnutí za naším celovečerním vystoupením v divadle Barka 22. listopadu tohoto roku.
The STC generally agrees that a broad representative stakeholder forum or special task team be established to forge a sus-tainable and inclusive engagement traject-ory in the aftermath of the Friday 15 Sep-tember 2017 march. The party has, in partnership with the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) and civil society, launched a series of community feedback meetings to present the response documents of the mines to the community. They have also elected community representatives who will participate at the proposed broad represent-ative stakeholder forum or special task team.
Whether it is with song or dance, rituals or festivals, stories or social practices, Heri-tage Month provides all with an opportunity to celebrate the past whilst taking positive steps to build a shared future.
High Risk Warning: Forex, Futures, and Options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risks. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. You must be aware of the risks of investing in forex, futures, and options and be willing to accept them in order to trade in these markets. Forex trading involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for all investors. Please do not trade with borrowed money or money you cannot afford to lose. Any opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on this website is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment advice. We will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information. Please remember that the past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Due to the ultimate ineffectiveness of the Bretton Woods Accord and the European Joint Float, the forex markets were forced to close[clarification needed] sometime during 1972 and March 1973.[43] The very largest purchase of US dollars in the history of 1976[clarification needed] was when the West German government achieved an almost 3 billion dollar acquisition (a figure given as 2.75 billion in total by The Statesman: Volume 18 1974), this event indicated the impossibility of the balancing of exchange stabilities by the measures of control used at the time and the monetary system and the foreign exchange markets in “West” Germany and other countries within Europe closed for two weeks (during February and, or, March 1973. Giersch, Paqué, & Schmieding state closed after purchase of “7.5 million Dmarks” Brawley states “… Exchange markets had to be closed. When they re-opened … March 1 ” that is a large purchase occurred after the close).[44][45][46][47]
Extreme liquidity and the availability of high leverage have helped to spur the market’s rapid growth and made it the ideal place for many traders. Positions can be opened and closed within minutes or can be held for months. Currency prices are based on objective considerations of supply and demand and cannot be manipulated easily because the size of the market does not allow even the largest players, such as central banks, to move prices at will.
International parity conditions: Relative purchasing power parity, interest rate parity, Domestic Fisher effect, International Fisher effect. Though to some extent the above theories provide logical explanation for the fluctuations in exchange rates, yet these theories falter as they are based on challengeable assumptions [e.g., free flow of goods, services and capital] which seldom hold true in the real world.
Leveraged trading in foreign currency contracts or other off-exchange products on margin carries a high level of risk and may not be suitable for everyone. We advise you to carefully consider whether trading is appropriate for you in light of your personal circumstances. You may lose more than you invest. Information on this website is general in nature. We recommend that you seek independent financial advice and ensure you fully understand the risks involved before trading. Trading through an online platform carries additional risks. Refer to our legal section here.
Watch your profit and loss. Above all, don’t get emotional. The forex market is volatile, and you will see a lot of ups and downs. What matters is to continue doing your research and sticking with your strategy. Eventually you will see profits.
Companies – Companies need to use the foreign exchange market to pay for goods and services from foreign countries and also to sell goods or services in foreign countries. An important part of the daily Forex market activity comes from companies looking to exchange currency in order to transact in other countries.
More specifically, the spot market is where currencies are bought and sold according to the current price. That price, determined by supply and demand, is a reflection of many things, including current interest rates, economic performance, sentiment towards ongoing political situations (both locally and internationally), as well as the perception of the future performance of one currency against another. When a deal is finalized, this is known as a “spot deal”. It is a bilateral transaction by which one party delivers an agreed-upon currency amount to the counter party and receives a specified amount of another currency at the agreed-upon exchange rate value. After a position is closed, the settlement is in cash. Although the spot market is commonly known as one that deals with transactions in the present (rather than the future), these trades actually take two days for settlement.
Alpari Limited, 60 Market Square, Belize City, Belize, is incorporated under registered number 137,509, authorized by the International Financial Services Commission of Belize, license number IFSC/60/301/TS/17.
Workers also claimed that they had approached the Joe Morolong and Ga-Segonyana mayors to assist in the matter, that they had agreed, but nothing had materialised out of them, hence they decided to consult with the district mayor who has re-quested them to give her ample time to take the matter further.
* Bernstein, Jeremy and David Cassidy "Bomb Apologetics: Farm Hall, August 1945", "Physics Today" Volume 48, Issue 8, Part I, 32-36 (1995)
* Cassidy, David C. "A Historical Perspective on Copenhagen", "Physics Today" Volume 53, Issue 7, 28 (2000). See also "Heisenberg’s Message to Bohr: Who Knows", "Physics Today" Volume 54, Issue 4, 14ff (2001), individual letters by Klaus Gottstein, Harry J. Lipkin, Donald C. Sachs, and David C. Cassidy.
* Heisenberg, Werner "Research in Germany on the Technical Applications of Atomic Energy", "Nature" Volume 160, Number 4059, 211-215 (August 16, 1947). See also the annotated English translation: "Document 115. Werner Heisenberg: Research in Germany on the Technical Application of Atomic Energy [August 16, 1947] " in Hentschel, Klaus (editor) and Ann M. Hentschel (editorial assistant and translator) "Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources" (Birkhäuser, 1996) 361-379.
* Heisenberg, Werner, introduction by David Cassidy, translation by William Sweet "A Lecture on Bomb Physics: February 1942", "Physics Today" Volume 48, Issue 8, Part I, 27-30 (1995)
* Hentschel, Klaus (editor) and Ann M. Hentschel (editorial assistant and translator) "Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources" (Birkhäuser, 1996) ISBN 0-8176-5312-0. [This book is a collection of 121 primary German documents relating to physics under National Socialism. The documents have been translated and annotated, and there is a lengthy introduction to put them into perspective.]
* Hoffmann, Dieter "Between Autonomy and Accommodation: The German Physical Society during the Third Reich", "Physics in Perspective" 7(3) 293-329 (2005)
* Landsman, N. P. "Getting even with Heisenberg", "Studies in History and Philosophy of Modern Physics" Volume 33, 297-325 (2002)
* Norman M. Naimark "The Russians in Germany: A History of the Soviet Zone of Occupation, 1945-1949" (Belkanp, 1995)
In addition to honoring musical excellence, the Recording Academy will also take a moment to honor the victims lost to gun violence and terrorism at various live music events over the course of the past year. In a special Grammy tribute performed by three of the artists who participated in the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, current Grammy nominees Brothers Osborne, past Grammy nominee Eric Church, and Grammy winner and current nominee Maren Morris will come together for the touching segment.
“Live music events have always provided a safe space for fans to gather in a shared celebration of music. Sadly, that wasn’t always the case this past year,” said Neil Portnow, President/CEO of the Recording Academy. “We believe it’s incredibly important to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in these senseless tragedies and to remind musicians and music lovers alike that live music will continue to be a powerful force that unites us all.”
“In many ways, our show encapsulates the year in music,” said Ken Ehrlich, executive producer of the GRAMMY Awards. Although that usually means a focus on achievement and excellence, sadly, last year was marred by a number of senseless tragedies that took place at live music events. We didn’t feel like we’d be doing our jobs if we didn’t reflect on these tremendous losses.”
Performing for the first time on the Grammy stage, Brothers Osborne are nominated again this year in Best Country Duo/Group Performance (“It Ain’t My Fault”).
Grammy Award winner Maren Morris is currently nominated for Best Country Solo Performance (“I Could Use A Love Song”).
The 60th Annual Grammy Awards will be broadcast live from Madison Square Garden in New York City January 28th at 7:30pm ET on CBS.
The Water Board voted, 4-2, Tuesday to support a proposed sale of the city's water system to the Erie County Water Authority, an action hailed by supporters as a key step toward regional consolidation.
But after complaining that "enormous political pressure" is being used to fast-track the process, critics insisted issues remain.
Victoria J. Saxon, the board's chairwoman, pushed for approval of a memorandum of understanding that "establishes a framework" for a county takeover. But she conceded that matters still to be resolved include an "enforcement mechanism" to make sure the county honors its pledge to spend $15 million a year repairing the city's aging system.
"I'm not trivializing those concerns, but I think it's a question of weighing the pros and cons," said Saxon, who supports selling the system. "Ultimately, I see this is as a course that we should venture down."
Moments before the vote, County Executive Joel A. Giambra and Mayor Anthony M. Masiello, the two main advocates of the takeover, made rare appearances at the meeting.
The Water Board also voted, 4-2, to ask the Common Council to schedule a referendum on the sale. Voters would have to approve the deal by February for the change to take effect next summer.
The county Water Authority is expected to approve the memorandum of understanding Thursday. But even then, the takeover is far from a done deal. The Council began its summer break Tuesday and is not expected to consider the plan until September.
County officials say they hope the Water Board's action will satisfy an Aug. 15 deadline to ensure that the deal remains on a priority list for state financing. The agreement also needs approval by the state and city unions.
Under the plan, the county Water Authority would pay Buffalo $31.5 million in six annual installments and relieve the city of $134.7 million in water debt.
City water rates are expected to increase regardless of who runs the system. But takeover supporters claim rates would increase 56.1 percent over the next decade under the status quo. With the county takeover, city water rates would increase by 34.4 percent over 10 years, according to a consultant's report.
In addition to Saxon, three Water Board member -- Warren K. Galloway, James B. Milroy and John R. Sole -- backed the sale. Charles E. McGriff and Patrick W. Wesp voted no. Both said they have yet to be convinced that the county takeover makes sense economically.
The newest book by Israeli writer Amos Oz was published three days ago - "Scenes from Village Life."
The name of the particular Israeli village is Tel-Ilan, a pioneer village "in the Manasseh Hills" with "vineyards and fruit orchards" and "tall cypresses in the cemetery," according to an Arab visitor much taken with its beauty in one of the stories. Other residents of the village, though, see desolation and decline. Which makes their 72-year-old Israeli chronicler one of the more provocative writers in the world, perhaps the bard of the essential parallax of Arab-Israeli relations in world literature (and therefore, a perennial Nobel candidate).
The facile -- and erroneous thing -- is, no doubt, to suspect bloodlines with the stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer and Sholem Alechem. In fact, the primal literary experience of a teenage Amos Oz on a kibbutz was Sherwood Anderson's "Winesburg, Ohio."
Oz told the New Yorker that as a writer he was like "the Tom Sawyer or Huckleberry Finn of history. To me it was like sailing alone on a raft on the Mississippi River, except it was a river made of books and words and stories and historical tales and secrets and separations." He's also said that being an Israeli his age is like "being an American who is 250 years old."
For Oz, then, to visit America and read from his work couldn't possibly be more natural. His primal influence was American. Oz will read from his work at 8 p.m. Thursday in Kleinhans Music Hall, as part of the Babel Literary series.
The District Attorney’s Office was among the agencies appearing before the Erie County Legislature last month during midyear budget hearings to control spending.
Hunt is the Minnesota Avenue father who was washing the family car in his driveway Sunday when a pair of gun-toting miscreants decided it was easier to steal than apply for a job. One put a gun on Hunt’s son and stole expensive jewelry and $800 before Hunt went into the house, retrieved his own registered 9 mm and shot both when he says they turned their weapons on him.
Granted, some of the victims may not have been priests; carrying $800 while washing the car could give new meaning to money “laundering.” The DA must do his due diligence.
But this also wasn’t a case of an unarmed 17-year-old with iced tea and Skittles being shot after minding his own business.
Rather, the Hunts apparently were minding their own business when the gunmen swooped in, creating chaos. Watson’s Law says when an armed robber creates chaos, he’s responsible for whatever results from it. Case closed.
In fact, for all of the mocking he took after his Newtown news conference – much of it deserved for his tone-deafness – this incident makes NRA mouthpiece Wayne LaPierre look prophetic when he said, “The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.”
It’s an example of what gun-rights advocates claim are 2.5 million annual uses of guns in self-defense to thwart criminals and save lives. They even have their own cadre of criminologists who write books with titles like “More Guns, Less Crime.”
Gun-control advocates counter with their own numbers, roundly dismissing the 2.5 million figure, which was based on a 1993 survey of gun owners. Instead, they point to the Bureau of Justice Statistics’ National Crime Victims Survey, which found guns were used to thwart crime about 82,200 times a year. That’s nowhere near 2.5 million – but still a lot.
But once you cut through the dueling statistics, it comes down to this: Do you choose to be helpless when armed trouble walks up your driveway?
In many neighborhoods, residents have the luxury of not having to make that calculation. They can look at the fact that firearms suicides and accidental deaths far outnumber the times guns are used for self-defense, and conclude the risk is not worth the potential cost.
But in other neighborhoods, they’re not that lucky. When they factor crime rates into the equation, it’s easy to conclude that owning a gun is the sane thing to do.
That’s why there’s so much outrage over New York State’s roadblocks, like the ridiculous waiting period for a handgun permit or the arbitrary restrictions imposed by the SAFE Act. (If the 9 mm was a semiautomatic, I hope Hunt didn’t put more than seven rounds in it.)
Unless Hunt’s account totally falls apart upon investigation, he should get a good citizenship medal – not hassles from the law. Prosecuting him would send entirely the wrong message – both to thugs like the two he shot, and to legal gun owners who might otherwise be dead by the time police arrive.
Rod Watson – Rod Watson has been a weekly columnist for The Buffalo News since 1992. In addition, as urban affairs editor, Watson oversees coverage of the city school system, City Hall reporting, the federal courts, transportation and politics.
GASSMAN - Paul Age 60. July 12, 2018 in Buffalo, NY. Much loved husband of 35 years to Laura; loving father of Cammie (Philip) Pilc, Corey (Holly) Cronk, Christopher (Jillian) Gassman, and Francine Upstone; beloved Papa to 6 grandchildren; brother to the late Gary Gassman; brother to Amy (Wayne) Kubiak; lifelong friend of Kurt Gilbert, Ray Williams, and Alan Goodman. Please share a memory of Paul that will make us smile Saturday, July 21st at 2:30 at Millennium Hotel, Twigs Restaurant, Cheektowaga.
Shared components used by Firefox and other Mozilla software, including handling of Web content; Gecko, HTML, CSS, layout, DOM, scripts, images, networking, etc. Issues with web page layout probably go here, while Firefox user interface issues belong in the Firefox product. (More info)
For problems related to media (video/audio) -- especially when the reporter is not sure which area of the media stack the problem is in. This category will mostly be for untriaged video/audio issues. Bugs in this category will typically be moved to another media category during the triage process.
I tried this video on my Nexus 4 (Android 4.4.2) and the video plays fine with Fennec Nightly 35, Fennec Beta 33, and Fennec 31. This will probably need testing on an LG G2 device to confirm.
I just got my LG G2 and am able to reproduce this. I'm assigning myself as QA contact to test this again once bug 1014614 is resolved.
Bug 1014614 just got checked in to mozilla-central. Flagging myself to test this with tomorrow's Nightly build.
[Tracking Requested - why for this release]: Nominating this to track and marking this as affecting all current branches. However, I think the fix here might be too risk to uplift. We should probably just let it ride unless there's a high volume of complaints around this issue.
Given that the fix was delivered in bug 1014614, I don't see much point in tracking this bug. Given that we're still early in Aurora, it may be worth uplifting to 35.
I updated to FireFox 34 and still seem to be having the issue with my LG G2 device. Should I update the branch of the version of the ticket to 34?
No that's fine. We pushed a fix targeting Firefox 36 which is currently Nightly (http://nightly.mozilla.org) over in bug 1014614. You can try that out on your device by installing Nightly for Android (it uses it's own profile).
In addition to what Aaron said, we did not address this bug directly. The patch which solved bug 1014614 had a mitigating factor which means this bug no longer reproduces. I suspect bug 1014614 to not be fixed in Release until Firefox 36 as it's a pretty extensive change and needs proper testing.
Unfortunately that means this bug will go unfixed until then as well and there's nothing we can really do about that. If you cannot wait, you're free to try Nightly as Aaron suggests but know that it's potentially more prone to bugs as there are changes landing every day.
Built Right Construction on Hiwassee, Virginia serves the new building construction and remodeling needs of the residents of the independent city of Radford, Virginia, as well as the entire New River Valley Region. Our quality is evident in all that we do and we are proud to be Radford’s first choice renovations contractor. We do all types of repairs and new installations from roofs to floors.
We have over five decades of experience serving Radford and the surrounding areas. Our specialty is building and renovating new medical and dental offices. We also build custom residential homes of all styles, barns, garages, sunrooms, additions, and many other types of buildings, as well.
We are licensed, bonded, and fully insured to work within the state of Virginia. Our experienced craftsmen have a reputation for working efficiently to get your project completed in a timely manner without sacrificing the quality and reliability that you expect.
We provide an extensive variety of exterior remodeling and repair services. Our most requested service projects include:
Let the professionals of Built Right Construction, Inc. complete your new construction, interior, or exterior repair or remodeling project in Radford, Virginia. We build it right the first time so you can rest assured that your project will be completed with care, craftsmanship, and attention to detail.
We do standard and custom repairs of many types. Our most popular interior remodeling and repair projects in Radford, Virginia include:
Built Right Construction serves the exterior remodeling and repair needs of our valued commercial and residential clients in Radford, Virginia. We have over five decades of experience and your satisfaction is always our primary objective.
1. Don’t downplay your accomplishments. ‘Yes’ to giving thanks to others for their guidance. ‘No’ to playing second fiddle.
2. Do something different. If you want to have something you’ve never had before, you need to do something you’ve never done.
3. Celebrate. Before the cheque has been signed, before the contract is finalized, before anyone anywhere has even replied to your emails. Celebrate.
5. Feed faith, not doubt. Look for evidence that you’ll make it, and that others have done the same.
6. Don’t listen to everyone. Listen to people who lift you up, support your goals, and ignite your belief in yourself.
10. Strengthen your wings. Certain butterflies only transform into gorgeous winged creatures after they’ve completed the epic struggle to leave the cocoon. The struggle gives them wings strong enough to take flight.
11. Be the change you want to see in your world. Want more expansive opportunity? Ease, flow, fun, and abundance? Create those feelings within yourself—first and foremost.
Easy and Instinctive Time Management Attention high achievers. Feeling overwhelmed and stuck? How to tap your instincts and get back in the flow.
Power: 5 Practical Ways to Tap into Your Intuition Woo woo? Or scientifically proven asset? Read on and decide for yourself.
Why Living our Dreams is Less Work, More Play Walking down this path does not feel like work. Walking down this path feels more like play. Don’t believe me? Read and decide for yourself.
Each of us at least once faced with a situation when unexpected expenses arise sharply, but there is not enough money. What to do? Borrow from friends and constantly think, when can you return? In this situation, the best way is to use a chase online credit card. She will call you not to worry that the money will need to be returned from day to day. You can pay for any purchases with a chase online credit card, as all modern supermarkets, online stores, etc. have long been equipped with special terminals for cards.
A chase online credit card is issued by the bank for a certain amount. The bank sets the card limit based on the clients solvency. The card is issued on passport data. When you come to the bank, contact a specialist for detailed information on obtaining a chase online credit card. Provide all necessary documents. An employee of the bank will issue you a contract in which the loan amount, the time after which you must repay the loan, the validity period of the chase online credit card and other information will be indicated. Carefully read the details of the contract and sign it. Then you will get a card with a personal PIN code.
If you have forgotten the PIN code from your chase online credit card or by entering a wrong code, you have accidentally blocked it, then contact the bank. Provide the employee with all the documents confirming that this is really your card and the specialist will help you to make a new PIN code. If you have lost your card, then immediately contact the bank to block the card, otherwise fraudsters will be able to use it.
When you receive a chase online credit card with a certain amount, you can withdraw the entire amount immediately, or you can do it gradually. You can withdraw money directly at the banks box office or at a special terminal. You can also pay with a card without withdrawing money from it. A chase online credit card involves paying for goods in online stores, paying for tickets and much more. To do this, you must enter your card number, then confirm the payment using SMS with a special code. Using a chase online credit card is quite simple. The main thing, do not forget to replenish the card at the right time.
Lowes credit card Alaska airlines credit card Tjmaxx credit card login Indigo credit card Visa credit card Tjx credit card American express credit card login Lowes credit card payment Forever 21 credit card Overstock credit card Milestone credit card Td bank credit card Jcpenney credit card payment Us bank credit card Sams credit card
Description: The Chatelaine Charm Belt Company was founded by London based designer-Tania Stone. Her belts and charms are inspired by the original chatelaines worn by women in the 18th-19th Centuries.
Description: Handmade unique jewellery, personalised keyrings, wine glass charms etc including custom made items x
Description: J R Bell Kitchens & Bathrooms provide kitchen and bathroom fitting services within Gloucestershire and surrounding area‘s of Chepstow, Monmouth, Ross and Hereford.
Description: CarterLine are leading catering equipment suppliers and installers of commercial catering equipment and commercial catering appliances for restaurants, hotels and much more.
mood board interior design amazing mood boards to inspire your home decor project mood board interior design pdf.
mood board interior design app kitchen how to create a boards room and free,mood board interior design free rustic chic online template software,how to create a mood board for interior design projects kitchen creator free online app,interior design digital presentation boards charming mood board living room olioboard online app,mood board interior design app cream and black image templates by meaning pdf,free interior design mood board software how to create a ideal home meaning best apps,best interior design mood board apps kitchen rendering for awesome presentations online app,online interior design mood board app how to create a for your project la template free,my interior design mood board living room pdf meaning,interior design mood board mummy olioboard online app best apps ideas.
Son And Mother mom And I obeyed his command The video link is full : https://www.file-upload.com/lc9hs068qt20 stepmom sexy
Beachfront Hotels Near San Luis Obispo is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Prince House is a comfortable accommodation centrally located in the famous Pratunam Area. Decoration and furnishings are pleasant and comfortable with LCD television, marble bathroom and other deluxe amenities expected of an international standard accommodation.
Location is excellent as it is in the middle of ‘Pratunam area’, the lively and bustling shopping area in central Bangkok. It is very near the night market and all kinds of food are 24 hours/day available and just one step away.
Rooms are including free WIFI access, mini bar, bathrobe and slippers. All day bread and jam, coffee and tea are complimentary. | Google Map | Map for Taxi |
Children: Accommodation is free for 1 child under 8 years sharing parents' room. No extra bed available.
No matter if you are male or female or what partners make you wild with lust, you will savor every second of these mind-blowing gay porn videos! Visualize your vicious dreams and desires and let the darkest part of your nature take you over! Enjoy the dirty spectacle where teen and mature horny men blessed with perfect love-tools play hardcore games and squeeze thick sticky cum out of their partners!
I really like going to clubs to find guys because they're always a little bit drunk or totally tripp
www.hotgaylist.tv has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. Copyright © 2010 www.hotgaylist.tv
Mandrel-less Adapter by Tim Geist. AKA Turn Between Centers Adapter Use your regular bushings to turn between centers.
An aluminum handle 13" long. Black anodized and laser etched. Will accept any tool with a 1/2" diameter shaft.
MSRP $11.49 Mercury Flex Thin CA. Engineered for woodworking, this thin CA (20 cps) has a long open time and is designed to be used with Mercury MH16 Accelerator. Available in 2 oz bottles. (Full Description Below)
Here at T. Shadow & Co. we strive to bring the best quality tools and accessories we can to you, the wood turner.
If you are a reseller and would like to add our tools to your store, please get in touch with us. We offer a great dealer program.
Welcome to Hottystop. This is a softcore website with hot teens, babes, hotties, and other great content.
The most exclusive Hotty Stop offer – JOIN BRAZZERS FOR ONLY 1$ - seriously, you have that in your wallet, so why not?
Sometimes when you wake up, you just want to see some hot girls naked! So why not have some on your desktop?
WARNING! This website has adult content! If you are under 18 years of age please leave this site. All content appeared on this site is the property of its owners - 2257 Information
Hottystop is a teen blog with quality content and all your favorite solo models. You will find hot teens, babes, hotties, solo girls and many more great content, so feel free to come back anytime.
Across the nation and multiple generations, student loan debt now surpasses $1.5 trillion. The anxiety shared by borrowers from all walks of life seeking ways to lift this unsustainable consumer debt affects multiple life dimensions. In some cases, these burdensome debts threaten the future of America’s middle class.
On September 28, the independent and nonpartisan General Accounting Office (GAO) released findings on the federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program. Eligible student loan borrowers who have dedicated their careers to public service and met other requirements, such as 10 years of qualifying payments, can have their loan balances forgiven. The first step towards forgiveness requires that interested borrowers are initially screened to certify their employment and loans meet threshold criteria. Once certified, borrowers submit a loan forgiveness application for a final check before forgiveness is approved.
Although PSLF legislation was enacted in 2007, September 2017 was the first time that borrowers became eligible for the application for forgiveness. And according to the GAO findings, forgiveness approvals are minute compared to those who qualify.
As of June 2018, more than 1.2 million student loan borrowers requested to be certified, with 890,000 ultimately certified eligible. 28,000 applied for loan forgiveness, thinking that they had met the 10- year payment and employment requirements. Shockingly, of these, only 96 — less than one-half of one percent — received forgiveness.
According to the GAO report, “Education has used various outreach methods to inform borrowers about PSLF, but the large number of denied borrowers suggests that many are still confused by the program requirements.”
In response, the Department of Education has now agreed to all GAO recommendations. These include: comprehensive guidance for borrowers and servicers alike; more information about qualifying employers; standardized payment information; and enough detailed information to help identify payment counting errors.
In a related but separate action on October 3, the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) filed a federal class-action lawsuit alleging that the nation’s largest student loan servicer, Navient, misled borrowers, preventing some of those in public service professions from accessing PSLF, just to boost its own profits. The action was brought by nine AFT members from four states: California, Florida, Maryland, and New York.
In part the complaint states, “The PSLF program is life-or-death critical to America’s public servants who otherwise would never be able to overcome their student debt burden…Navient has not been living up to its obligation to help vulnerable borrowers get on the best possible repayment plan and qualify for PSLF. Instead, Navient has harmed and continues to harm millions of hard-working public servants by routinely providing false information to these borrowers preventing them from qualifying for the PSLF program.”
By deceiving borrowers with false information, misrepresentations, and fraudulent conduct, the complaint also cites several other concerns:
Navient is responsible for servicing over $205.9 billion in federal student loans, owed by approximately 6.1 million accounts;
Since 1983, the cost of higher education has risen more than 700 percent — five times greater than inflation, and even faster than healthcare costs; and
From 1996 to 2015, teacher pay fell by $30 per week while pay for other college graduates increased by $124, according to the Economic Policy Institute
“No one goes into public service to strike it rich; they do it out of a deep commitment to students, patients and the public good,” said Randi Weingarten, AFT President. “But we cannot attract the best and brightest to these careers if promises of debt relief are deliberately broken.”
For much of Black America, still-soaring student debt brings yet another financial hurdle to overcome – in addition to other disproportionate and historic struggles to obtain the full benefits of being a citizen and consumer.
According to Jason N. Houle of Dartmouth College, and Fenaba R. Addo with the University of Wisconsin at Madison, disproportionate Black student debt makes for an even more fragile Black Middle Class.
“We theorize that racial disparities in student loan debt accumulation and repayment are a function of racialized economic hardship and discrimination across the life course,” wrote the two scholars in a new report for the Russell Sage Foundation. “Some have argued that the student loan market is not unlike the mortgage market, where Blacks lack access to fair credit and are disproportionately steered toward high-interest loans that are difficult to repay.”
The esteemed scholars may be right. But in neighborhoods across the country Black people do not need to theorize. We live that agony every day and nearly every year. Perhaps it is time to shift from research and data points to activist engagement.
Charlene Crowell is the Center for Responsible Lending’s Communications Deputy Director. She can be reached at Charlene.crowell@responsiblelending.org.
Each year, The Greater Long Beach Chapter serves nearly 100 families who have suffered from a local disaster, most often home or apartment fires. Red Cross volunteers and staff respond to these disaster 24/7 365 days a year and are there to provide a shoulder to lean on.
Depending on each individual or families unique needs the Red Cross can provide short term assistance with:
Everyday the Greater Long Beach Chapter assists your neighbors and friends, whether it is after a house fire, providing disaster preparedness training, youth programs, service to the armed forces, international tracing or helping a family in an emergency. The Greater Long Beach Chapter is here for the 9 cities we serve 24/7 365 days a year.
To make a donation with a credit card to the Greater Long Beach Chapter by phone call (562) 595-6341.
Disposition: Suffered an explosion, then sank after burning, near dock of Cities Service Export Oil Co., at St. Rose, LA, on March 3, 1932; one life lost. Final document surrendered on March 23, 1932.
Jasonn tiled entryway, tiled shower, in-room refrigerator, spacious balcony, beautiful river view, 37quot; flat screen TV, HBO and ShowTime, complimentary coffee and WiFi access. A-1-Model Clauses for Unsolicited Issuance (167; 1005. 5(b)(2)) (a) Accounts using cards. You cannot use the enclosed card to transfer money into or out of dtrand account until jasson have validated it.
Jun 29, 2011nbsp;0183;32;They are using the utilities jason strand poker to fund [city] positions. Thanks for the explanation. Excellent blog post. Thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies that attended the ultimate slumber party. Big thanks to our title opker 180 Healthcare as well as our presenting sponsors EBO MD and Isle Casino Cape Girardeau. Click to Bookmark We update every time you visit us.
NON-VIOLENCE IN its dynamic condition means conscious suffering. It does not mean meek submission to the will of the evil-doer, but it means the pitting of one's whole soul against the will of the tyrant. Working under this law of our being, it is possible for a single individual to defy the whole might of an unjust empire to save his honour, his religion, his soul and lay the foundation for that empire's fall or its regeneration.
The non-violence of my conception is a more active and more real fighting against wickedness than retaliation whose very nature is to increase wickedness. I contemplate a mental and, therefore, a moral opposition to immoralities. I seek entirely to blunt the edge of the tyrant's sword, not by putting up against it a sharper-edged weapon, but by disappointing his expectation that I would be offering physical resistance. The resistance of the should that I should offer instead would elude him. It would at first dazzle him, and at last compel recognition from him, which recognition would not humiliate him but would uplift him. It may be urged that this again is an ideal state. And so it is. The propositions from which I have drawn my arguments are as true as Euclid's definitions, which are none the less true because in practice we are unable to even draw Euclid's line on a blackboard. But even a geometrician finds it impossible to get on without bearing in mind Euclid's definitions. Nor may we...dispense with the fundamental propositions on which the doctrine of Satyagraha is based.
I admit that the strong will rob the weak and that it is sin to be weak. But this is said of the soul in man, not of the body. If it be said of the body, we could never be free from the sin of weakness. But the strength of soul can defy a whole world in arms against it. This strength is open to the weakest in body.
Non-violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man. Destruction is not the law of the humans. Man lives freely by his readiness to die, if need be, at the hands of his brother, never by killing him. Every murder or other injury, no matter for what cause, committed or inflicted on another is a crime against humanity.
Non-violence is like radium in its action. An infinitesimal quantity of it embedded in a malignant growth acts continuously, silently and ceaselessly till it has transformed the whole mass of the diseased tissue into a healthy one. Similarly, even a little of true non-violence acts in a silent, subtle, unseen way and leavens the whole society.
An armed soldier relies on his weapons for his strength. Take away from him his weapons-his gun or his sword, and he generally becomes helpless. But a person who has truly realized the principle of non-violence has the God-given strength for his weapon and the world has not known anything that can match it.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
Non-violence of the strong is any day stronger than that of the bravest soldier fully armed or a whole host.
The hardest metal yields to sufficient heat. Even so the hardest heart must melt before sufficiency of the heat of non-violence. And there is no limit to the capacity of non-violence to generate heat.
Every action is a resultant of a multitude of forces even of a contrary nature. There is no waste of energy. So we learn in the books on mechanics. This is equally true of human actions. The difference is that in the one case we generally know the forces at work, and when we do, we can mathematically foretell the resultant. In the case of human actions, they result from a concurrence of forces of most of which we have no knowledge. But our ignorance must not be made to serve the cause of disbelief in the power of these forces. Rather is our ignorance a cause for greater faith. And non-violence being the mightiest force in the world and also the most elusive in its working, it demands the greatest exercise of faith. Even as we believe in God in faith, so have we to believe in non-violence in faith.
Violence like water, when it has an outlet, rushes forward furiously with an overwhelming force. Non-violence cannot act madly. It is the essence of discipline. But, when it is set going, no amount of violence can crush it. For full play, it requires unsullied purity and an unquenchable faith...
Ahimsa is a science. The word 'failure' has no place in the vocabulary of science. Failure to obtain the expected result is often the precursor to further discoveries.
If the function of himsa is to devour all it comes across, the function of ahimsa is to rush into the mouth of himsa. In an atmosphere of ahimsa one has no scope to put his ahimsa to the test. It can be tested only in the face of himsa.
Violence can only be effectively met by non-violence. This is an old, established truth...that the weapon of violence, even if it was the atom bomb, became useless when matched against non-violence. That very few understand how to wield this mighty weapon is true. It requires a lot of understanding and strength of mind. It is unlike what is needed in military schools and colleges. The difficulty one experiences in meeting himsa with ahimsa arises from weakness of mind.
'Hate the sin and not the sinner' is a precept which, though easy enough to understand, is rarely practised, and that is why the poison of hatred spreads in the world. This ahimsa is the basis of the search for truth. I am realizing every day that the search is vain unless it is founded on ahimsa as the basis. It is quite proper to resist and attack a system, but to resist and attack its author is tantamount to resisting and attacking oneself. For we are all tarred with the same brush, and are children of one and the same creator, and as such, the divine powers within us are infinite. To slight a single human being is to slight those divine powers, and thus to harm not only that Being but with Him the whole world.
Man and his deed are two distinct things. Whereas a good deed should call forth approbation and a wicked deed disapprobation, the doer of the deed, whether good or wicked, always deserves respect or pity as the case may be.
Those who seek to destroy men rather than manners adopt the latter and become worse than those whom they destroy under the mistaken belief that the manners will die with the men. They do not know the root of the evil.
It is the acid test of non-violence that, in a non-violent conflict, there is no rancour left behind, and in the end the enemies are converted into friends. That was my experience in South Africa, with General Smuts. He started with being my bitterest opponent and critic. Today he is my warmest friend.
The principal implication of ahimsa is that the ahimsa in us ought to soften and not to stiffen our opponents' attitude to us; it ought to melt him; it ought to strike a responsive chord in his heart.
As ahimsa-ites, can you say that you practice genuine ahimsa? Can you say that you receive the arrows of the opponent on your bare breasts without returning them? Can you say that you are not angry, that you are not perturbed by his criticism?
By reason of life-long practice of ahimsa, I claim to be an expert in it, though very imperfect. Speaking in absolute terms, the more I practice it the clearer I see how far I am from the full expression of ahimsa in my life. It is his ignorance of this, the greatest duty of man in the world, which makes him say that in this age non-violence has little scope in the face of violence, whereas I make bold to say that in this age of the Atom Bomb unadulterated non-violence is the only force that can confound all the tricks put together of violence.
Mr Janot said that Lula was the head of the alleged organization, and that the Workers' Party received some $480m (£370m) in bribes in several public entities, including Petrobras and the Brazilian National Development Bank (BNDES). The investigation has so far led to the indictment of dozens of executives and senior politicians. He is facing four other corruption cases and maintains that the ch... Además...
The committee issued the identical subpoenas on August 24, requesting the documents surrounding the dossier and the FBI's ties to the dossier's author be turned over within eight days, the Washington Examiner reported. Christopher Steele, former British intelligence officer, compiled an explosive and unproven dossier on President Trump. . The committee is also seeking documents on the FBI's po... Además...
Time is a sneaky fellow. It creeps around and springs on you when you least expect it. It can seem endless but in reality it is finite and fast. Time has snuck up on me once again in more ways than …
Der C32JG50 ist ein relativ kompakter Gaming-Monitor, der auf sämtlichen RGB-Beleuchtungskrimskrams verzichtet und sich stattdessen auf die wesentlichen Punkte konzentriert: das Display. Wie gut das klappt, habe ich in der letzten Zeit mal genauer ausprobiert.
The Cornilescu Reference Bible was first published in 1924. Minor revisions and corrections were introduced till 1928, when the text reached a stable form. After 1990, in the editions printed without the approval of the British and Foreign Bible Society (BFBS) various spelling changes were introduced. The Cornilescu Bible continues to be the most popular version used by the Romanian speaking evangelical community in Romania and in the Diaspora. Dumitru Cornilescu translated the Bible into a colloquial modern form of Romanian that is still used and loved today. The Bible was produced by Dumitru Cornilescu, who was an Orthodox hierodeacon and later became an evangelical minister. The translation was done in co-operation with the BFBS, taking as a basis the Cornilescu Bible published in 1921. Cornilescu died in Switzerland in 1975. Today the Cornilescu text is maintained by the Interconfessional Bible Society of Romania (SBIR) which continues the work of the BFBS in Romania. The Bible is usually printed in Latin script, although a Cyrillic script form is also available in Moldova and Transnistria. In 2014 the Interconfessional Bible Society of Romania brought out a special 90th anniversary definitive edition of the Cornilescu Bible published in 1924. This did not change the text but corrected many errors and inconsistencies in the spellings, references and punctuation which had accumulated over the years. This is the edition used here.
It is with great sadness and regret that I must inform you that this forum is now closed to new posts.
We’ve had a good run of more than 17-and-a-half years, but the popularity of online forums has significantly declined over the last few years, and it is now difficult to sustain keeping this one open.
I’d like to personally thank you all for the technical help, tips, feedback and off-topic entertainment you’ve provided over the years, and for your support of Web User. And special thanks to our volunteer moderators, for all their hard work.
You can still request and offer advice about web and PC problems, and give your feedback on the magazine, by emailing us at webuser@dennis.co.uk, and through our pages on Facebook and Twitter.
The forum will remain available in read-only format until 30 November, so you can access and save any previously posted content, private messages and other data you require, after which it will be permanently taken offline.
Thank you again and I apologise for the sudden nature of this news. I hope you continue to enjoy the magazine,
...get into El Halluf, rolling and on hill we started to camp...after maybe 20 secs one guy said "Attack all" and we all go, it was amazing, never saw so huge teamplay in randoms...bad luck I dont have replay, so enjoy the screenshots...thanks to all who played that match guys...GG
Seems like the webserver is overloaded, when you keep refreshing the website, you can get on it every few refreshes.
Board index Hoodoo, Rootwork, and Conjure Community Catherine's Correspondence Course and Apprenticeship Program
How to take cat's Correspondence Course, plus news about Lucky Mojo Curio Co. Workshops, Apprenticeships, and Parties.
hope you are well! i rang the shop today and found out that the next homework party is on the 23rd of this month, however i forgot to find out the time. i noticed that it has been a little earlier recently. i thought i should just ask the time on the forum in case other folks need need the info as well.
i am hoping to make it up there as i miss your the homework parties and want to stay connected with my fellow practitioners.
Oh, Jessi -- i didn't see you note until just now. We had the Homework Party today (October 23rd -- same time as always -- shop closing time and dinner time. I'm sorry we missed you. James Dotson the perfumer was here, and Morgan, and Eklvyra. We had a lot of fun. I hope you can come next mon th. I'll announce the date here, i promise.
I had such a great time up there earlier this month. Thank you again for the hospitality and knowledge that you shared, Miss Cat.
I am trying to get more involved with this forum, although the internet and I generally don't get along so well.
You can always call the shop about the homework parties. Maybe i should put the dates into the newsletter. Hmmm.... i think i will, starting with the September issue.
Cat: Please do, as my wife and I would very much like to go to them after we have signed up for the course this September. Seeing the dates in advance (like in the newsletter) would be a great impetus to get out there for them. That's a great idea!
I agree with this. I keep meaning to send in my homework but dont want to send it before or too late after for the homework party.
The results and scheduling of the homework grading is handled by nagasiva and Elvyra through the course Yahoo group.
We're postponing the Homework Party scheduled for September 12, 2014, until next Friday September 19, 2014, at 5pm in Forestville, CA.
My family and I are looking forward to the homework party tomorrow March 6, 2015. I have a couple more assignments to complete and I'll be ready to turn in all 8 assignments in tomorrow- have them graded and graduate!!!
mine took awhile too,so maybe it'll still show up. i got something in the mail last week , that i forgot i sent it was like 8-9 months.
For all your off topic conversation requirements. No posts about gigs please, use the Music forum. As usual, no "NSFW" material, keep it clean.
Have you ever wished to have a high quality video made to help promote and sell your music? Has your band/act ever felt unofficial because it doesn’t have any or many legit videos going around the ‘net. Or maybe you just want a video for the sake of having a video.
Mindcraft Films is a new company that specializes in live/event and music videos. We are a collective of young filmmakers with a ton of experience in the film/video industry that have decided to pool together in a new company so we can do more of what we love - make content for music.
As the company is only just officially starting up we are offering killer deals on live videos for a limited time. We can film up to a one hour set with a three camera set up for just $499! If you have a live gig/event that goes for longer or you would like more or less camera’s for coverage to fit your budget just discuss it with us and we’ll work out a great deal that suits you.
That includes the shoot, edit and colour grade! We also either do a live sound recording of your gig or sync up to studio recorded tracks you already have.
Alternatively, hit us up if you would like to collaborate on a music video or want to work out the best deal for other events.
Please feel free to contact us at contact@mindcraftfilms.com or via mobile on 0425 334 988 if you are interested and would like to discuss further.
Trading FX and/or CFDs on margin is high risk and not suitable for everyone. Losses can exceed investment. Contracts for Difference (CFDs) and hedging capabilities are NOT available to residents of the United States
Jump up ↑ (en) Dr. Günter Past: 10th Survey of German Enterprises in South Africa. Views, opinions, judgements, intentions and considerations with regard to politics and economy. Kaapstad, September 2008
“We can confirm that all the mem-bers are out of the underground and that they are safe and one was taken to hospital by ambulance due to hy-pertension and that the other four complained that the medication that they took was not working,” said Te-bogo Kgomongwe, NUM Finsch Mine Deputy Branch Secretary.
Visit the broker’s website. It should look professional, and links should be active. If the website says something like “Coming Soon!” or otherwise looks unprofessional, then steer clear of that broker.
Risk aversion is a kind of trading behavior exhibited by the foreign exchange market when a potentially adverse event happens which may affect market conditions. This behavior is caused when risk averse traders liquidate their positions in risky assets and shift the funds to less risky assets due to uncertainty.[86]
With an open view and west exposure this apartment sleeps up to 6 people. it has 3 rooms including 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. it has a living room, a fitted kitchenette, a balcony, a garage and a parking lot. it's located on the 1st floor with a lift. others : intercom.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by MER ET CAMPAGNE to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: MER ET CAMPAGNE 1164 avenue de la Plage 80790 Fort Mahon Plage
This new automobile molding part disassembly project was located in the Lingang Industrial District of Shanghai.
This is an EIA for a new commercial and residential buildings construction project. Greenment conducted detailed analysis of the impact of the traffic noise on nearby residential areas.
Greenment provided an emergency preparedness and fire safety assessment for a US corporation on their manufacturing suppliers in China.
The current environmental protection movement in China emphasizes “improving regional environmental quality as the core concern”. The sensitivity of the surrounding environment, the regional environmental quality, local goals and planning cause significant risks for Industries. Enterprises therefore need to control external risks to survive, and achieve sustainable development.
This short writeup aims at helping foreign corporations understand the “Chinese Characteristics” of China’s new Soil Law (published 31/8/2018, effective 1/1/2019) and provides some practical recommendations.
YOU ARE INVITED. Join us, together with top environmental law scholars, NGO experts, and Greenment Professionals in this event....
In August 2018, Shanghai Greenment Environmental Technology Co. Ltd. (“Greenment”) was successfully promoted to a Class II Environmental Engineering Professional Contractor by the Housing and Development department.
Cryoablation in Hunan Cancer Hospital Precisely "Froze" the Kidney Tumor to Death | Hunan Cancer Hospital
On August 2, under the guidance of Han Weiqing, the director of Urology Department of Hunan Cancer Hospital, Xieyu, the deputy director, has conducted a 3D printing technology assisted laparoscopic renal tumor cryosurgery successfully. After retrieval, it was the first time to adopt the combined use of 3D printing technology assisted laparoscopic renal tumor cryosurgery within our country.
Huang Liang (pseudonym) has undergone right kidney nephrectomy due to right kidney cancer 9 years ago. Recent examination has found that the cancer has transferred to the left kidney. Since the patient has only one kidney left, the cancer is very difficult to be treated. Has gone to many hospitals and clinics, griping the last hope, he came to Hunan Cancer Hospital for help.
After admitted to our hospital, the patient firstly has been provided with the traditional partial nephrectomy program by our urology experts. Altought it is apparently possible to survive replying on a life-long dialysis treatment after the surgery, the life quality would turn worse, and the expenses are also tremendous for this rural patient. The patient and his families have shown great pains after being informed of this treatment protocol.
Professor Xie Yu, then, has discussed again and again with his medical team, and finally decided to employ the “frozen” treatment, that is, Ar-He cryoablation. It is to use a freezing probe and insert it into the tumor center so that an ice ball will form around the center, thus to kill the tumor. The difficulties in cryotherapy are not only to avoid damage to normal tissues surrounding the tumor, but also to put the probe in the center of the tumor to achieve the best effects.
The patient’s renal tumor locates at the abdominal side, near the intestine. If the probe is directly punctured through skin, there would be a high risk of damage to the intestine. Therefore, in order to conserve the surrounding tissues, the medical team decides to use the laparoscopic assisted method, that is, to insert the freezing probe under the help of the laparoscope. However, the tumor is an endogenous one, with 70% located in the solid renal parenchyma. And most of it is invisible under direct vision. It is necessary to insert the probe through a perfect angle so that the probe is placed in the center to achieve the best freezing effect. In this case, the 3D printing technology is employed to print the equally-proportional physical models of the kidney and the tumor. The angle has been tested on these models pre-operatively in order to get the best puncturing angle.
After full preparation, experts from the Urology department and the Intervention Department have designed the best surgical protocol. On August 2, a hot summer day, the precisely tumor frozen surgery was carried out smoothly in the OR. At first, it separates the surrounding tissues from the kidney under the laparoscope to reveal the renal tumor. Then, it inserts the freezing probe into the renal tumor in accordance with the scheduled direction under the laparoscope successfully for the first time. The temperature falls to -140℃ rapidly. An “ice ball” forms around the tumor, lasting for 10 minutes. And the process is repeated for 3 times. This surgery afflicted the tumor with almost 170℃ temperature difference so that it killed the tumor to the largest extent. After the surgery, the patient only suffers 3 minimal cuts almost of button size.
The patient recovers well after surgery. Professor Xie Yu comments the combination of cryotechnique, laparoscopic technique and 3D printing technique as the unity of three swords to retain the renal function as well as to kill the tumor to the largest extent. It has become a new method to cure renal tumor within our country, and reached the goal of “individualized medicine” and “Precision Medicine”, benefiting more and more patients.
Copyright(c) 2014 Hunan Cancer Hospital & The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South University. All rights reserved.
True to the theme of casinos and gaming clubs, this device has been designed in the shape of a dice. It has the same set of functions as IZISERVE V.1.1, which provides silent and discreet guest-to-server communication, that will not disturb the clientele. It will heighten the quality of customer service, shorten the server response time, and assist the business to live up to its image of exclusivity and professionalism.
The wireless push button transmitters can be placed on each playing table, and bar countertops. When a customer wishes to place an order or requires assistance, with a simple push of the button, staff will instantly be alerted on their wrist watch pagers or on the central display. It is the optimal server alert system for these businesses.
If there is wait time to acces a playing table, the guest is handed a pager. Once a playing table opens, staff sends an instant alert to the respective guest's pager. It gives the guest the freedom to move about the establishment while waiting to access the playing table. The inconveniences of wait times are significantly reduced and become more enjoyable, as the guest does not have to worry about missing his or her turn.
One or more members of staff can be called simultaneously. It is the perfect way for managers to call their staff without the added costs of telephone calls.
The French phrase "À la bonne franquette" means without ceremony, unpretentious, simple. Derived from the word "franc", the expression "à la franquette" originally meant "frankly", "sincerely". The expression "À la bonne franquette" – or "flanquette"! – appeared in the middle of the 18th century. According to Claude Duneton, this expression may have appeared in contrast with the expression "à la française" [in the French way], which meant "with lots of attention and arrangement", "luxuriously".
The building that houses La Bonne Franquette today dates from the end of the 16th century, like most buildings in Montmartre, which were rebuilt after the fire of 1559 that ravaged the village of Montmartre. At that time, the windmills' sails were turning, large fields of wheat grew on the plain and the slopes of La Butte were planted with vines. The street in which the building stands was originally a path, probably dating from the 11th century, which served as the boundary between the Saint-Denis and Montmartre estates.
It was in 1867 that this street was re-named Rue Saint Rustique, after the companion of Saint Denis, first bishop of Paris, who was decapitated in 250 AD near the current site of Place des Abbesses, with Saint Rusticus and Saint Eleutherius. It is because of these three executions that La Butte, which was then called "Mons Mercurii" because a temple to Mars stood on the current site of the Eglise Saint Pierre, was renamed "Mons Martyrum" by the good King Dagobert I, around 630 AD. Over the centuries this name has become deformed, and subsequently became Momartre, Motmartre, Mont Marthe, Mont-martre and finally Montmartre.
In the 19th century, large numbers of artists moved to Montmartre, chased from the Left Bank by Haussmann's restructuring of the city. They were drawn here by the bohemian atmosphere and the cheap rents for studios. They frequented the inns and cafés that welcomed them the most, and would exchange paintings, drawings, engravings, sculpture or poems for food and drink. As such, painters like Pissarro, Degas, Sisley, Cézanne, Renoir, Gauguin, Van Gogh, then Toulouse-Lautrec, Suzanne Valadon and her son Utrillo came to refresh themselves under the shady arbours of the restaurant, which was then called "Aux Billards en Bois". Eventually they were joined by Poulbot and other writers and poets. They would chat about their projects while playing billiards in the garden. This is how Renoir came to paint his famous painting "Le Bal du Moulin de la Galette" in this very spot, in 1876.
In the autumn of 1886, Van Gogh, who lived with his brother Theo at 54 Rue Lepic, discovered Aux Billards en Bois and its garden. Here, his young friend Toulouse-Lautrec invited him to drink absinthe. During the two years that he spent in Montmartre, Vincent created more than 200 works, including paintings and drawings of varied subjects: landscapes, still lifes, portraits and self-portraits. In the garden of the restaurant that later became La Bonne Franquette, he painted his famous small painting "La Guinguette", which now hangs in the Musée d’Orsay.
At the start of the 20th century, Francisque Poulbot was a regular. Here, he founded the "Association fraternelle des joueurs de billard en bois" [the Fraternal Association of Billiards Players] with his friends Henri-Paul Gassier, a draughtsman, caricaturist and co-founder of the satirical magazine, Le Canard Enchaîné; and Pierre Dumarchey, soon to be known as Mac Orlan. They confronted each other around this 5-metre-long billiard table under the arbours, using a champagne cork as the white ball. The winner had to buy drinks all round. Thus restaurant made its name as "Aux Billards en Bois" in films, magazines and in the annals of the early 20th century.
It was in 1925 that the premises became known as La Bonne Franquette, reportedly due to an idea of Francisque Poulbot's. This name has survived up to the present day.
Even then, the restaurant was already being advertised thus: "La Bonne Franquette Inn is the most comfortable and merriest establishment, with the most sophisticated cuisine and the most reasonable prices –Lunches-Dinners-Suppers".
At that time, half-timbered decor represented the trend for country tradition. From 1932 to 1938, Édith Piaf, who had been brought up in the working-class areas of Belleville and Ménilmontant, lived in Montmartre. She appeared in various cabarets including Le Lapin Agile, as did Rina Ketty. In 1941, she came back to La Butte to make the film "Montmartre-sur-Seine", directed by Georges Lacombe and starring Jean-Louis Barrault, Roger Duchesne and the young Paul Meurisse. This romance was set among the main sites on La Butte, including La Bonne Franquette.
In 1946, Piaf discovered Charles Aznavour, who was then making his début in the cabarets of Montmartre and Pigalle. In the mid-fifties, he lived in the same building as La Bonne Franquette. He lived here for several years with his second wife, Èvelyne Plessis, who stayed on after their separation.
Up until the middle of the 1950s, La Bonne Franquette, which at that time had rooms upstairs, was run very dynamically by the larger-than-life Adrienne. She was a well-known figure on La Butte between the two World Wars, a friend of aviators and notable politicians.
Every year, Adrienne organised "Le Pot-au-feu des Vieux", an early version of the meals served to needy people by the modern charity "Les Restos du Cœur". Adrienne also mobilised members of the Free Commune of Montmartre to collect warm clothing at the beginning of winter. Here, Adrienne had the honour of meeting President Edouard Herriot at the annual dinner of 1950. The press reported the gift given to the President by the doyenne of Montmartre people, Louisette Ferrère: a pipe and 6 packets of tobacco.
In the same year, after the neighbouring vineyard had brought in its grape harvest, the Grape Harvest Festival took place at La Bonne Franquette, where the harvest was taken. The grapes were put on a carpet, and two beautiful young women from Montmartre pulled up their petticoats and started treading the grapes in their bare feet to a frenzied rhythm! For this occasion, La Bonne Franquette created a special vintage: the wine was poured into two bottles with a label representing Truman and Stalin. In the middle of the Cold War, the Presidents of these two great military and political blocks were depicted drinking to the success of the Montmartre wine, and to peace!
In 1955, Adrienne sold her business to Maurice His, who wanted to turn it into a glamorous Montmartre hotspot that would be the talk of the town. Its launch in 1956 was covered by the Parisian press. Newspapers and magazines reported the menus made up of chef's pâtés, tripe, Armorican lobster, Chambertin chicken, trout and much more, all washed down with good wine. Artists like Bernard Dimey, Jacques Brel and François Deguelt, who often appeared at the cabaret "Chez ma Cousine", sometimes sang here.
A new clientele discovered La Bonne Franquette: American movie makers. Metro Goldwyn Mayer set up an office in Rue d’Orchamps, in a house that would later be owned by Dalida. Artists who were filming in Paris, like Paul Newman, Faye Dunaway and Yul Brunner, discovered Montmartre's charm and lit up the exclusive nightlife at La Bonne Franquette.
Once his plans were a success, Maurice His extended the restaurant along Rue des Saules, into the garden which descends to Rue Cortot, thus creating a sort of "guinguette" or open-air café and dance floor. Colourful and charismatic, Maurice His became the 7th President of La République de Montmartre from 1973 until his death in 1993. His son Jean-Pierre His was to become the 9th President, from 2002 to 2006.
In 1959, Maurice His auditioned a young singer, Natacha, for his cabaret. She sang songs by the great French songwriters of the era: Aznavour, Béart, Bécaud, Gainsbourg and the Montmartre man Bernard Dimey. She became his wife, and thus owner of the establishment... which she still frequents today. Sometimes she still entertains with her captivating voice, which is still as fresh as ever. Even today, her legendary rendition of "Syracuse" continues to delight us!
After several changes of hands, the Fracheboud family, originally from Samoëns in Haute-Savoie, took over the running of the restaurant in the 1970s. They were keen to remain true to the name of "La Bonne Franquette": a cheery, cosy place, as welcoming to Montmartre locals, Parisians, artists, artisans and winemakers as it is to tourists and visitors from home and abroad.
Thus this place has become a historic Montmartre institution, under the name of "Aux Billards en Bois", "Le Franc Buveur", "L’Ange", "Le Ranch" and since 1925, "La Bonne Franquette". Over the years it has been an inn, a restaurant, a bistro, a wine bar, and a cabaret.
Its motto "Love, Eat, Drink and Sing" displayed on the façade and in its rooms reflects the spirit of this place. Its rich heritage is that of Montmartre in its golden age of artists.
Reproduced and adapted by kind permission of Françoise Bensignor, Jacques Bachellerie and Marie-France Coquart
Any place you survey in fiction planet you decidedly will sight racy bums full-blooded spoilers, sexy long legs, glabrous paunches, jumbo puppies and dribbling tails forward to bang. Virginesque cutie gives blowjobs to a pair of hung hunks, is fucked in her butt until her asshole is gaping and is taken by every man deep in both holes! Indecent universe scenes are up for grabs for you to see them.
Watch at how chick gets naked and moans in desire suffering endless wave of pleasure after anal fuck! It’s time for special edition of world retold in erotic key… It’s time to shove seomthing inside this curvaceous fiction teen with a gorgeous bum and a fuck-willing cunt!
Inside show chicks will face the biggest and strongest baby-makers that will plumb each and every cock hole on their hot bodies… That cutie gets her pussy ravaged by a thick black shaft, gives double blowjob and begs for every hot load down her throat while being recorded. Another teen hottie from world boasts this gorgeous cleavage to show us and she never refuses any man or boy!
Mind the this hardcore stuff much more agile than you can fancy: perfect, never-wearing-out and the smartest dicks all at our place… That babe gets shagged from behind and rolls in cum sprayed all over her face and tits. Some world characters are going naughty engaged in undressing each other and playing the petting game that is only to begin with, so you can imagine what else they can do.
Those striking known cuties have such sexy and yummy figures that it would be full shit not to make them scream with pleasure… Yearning universe hooker dreams for this awesome black tool right up her ass, and then suck it off till it pours sperm giving her a messy facial cumshot to savor on… This babe does a French job and shows her bushy cunt while ass-fucking and getting filmed…
Give a glance at how sizeable known couzies got osiered in scars, eye-drops, beans and are forced everyhow of virtueless raves. It’s time to fill up this curvaceous show babe who has a sexy ass and an aching fanny! That girl got turned on: she starts toying with her wet split and extremely revels in it.
Take a glance at how bottle-head world bits of snicket got clad in black eyes, rheums, seed and are webbed everyway of ramstudious jollifications. Crazy girl from world is ready for the hardest fucking task of all her previous experience. Cute slut puts on the display her large soft nipples and takes deep an internal cumshot after getting screwed.
Get yourself a notion of the filthier side of the heroes you know, see them involved in craziest sex orgies on superior series… That hottie gets humped ass to pussy till she pushes sticky creampies out of her both well-stretched holes. The wet-cunted characters of show cannot wait to get right to it, eager to have their pussies pumped, ready to suck, to be pumped and to cum.
A lot of universe couzies’ baps bouncing at hard penis pushes and the most demure funny numens that are made into sex toys! Nicely equipped easy meat from universe is hopping under heavy pussy assault here in this report! The babe does a French job and shows off her fuzzy snatch while getting ass-fucked in cowgirl and getting filmed!
Those hot universe chicks have such sexy forms that it would be full shit not to make them scream with pleasure! That babe poses naked on a cozy chair giving her clit some rubbing and stuffing a dildo in between her pussy lips in front of cam. Petting and caressing is how every world action to start, but one can never foresee what it will come down to.
While Hermione brews the polyjuice potion, the boys are in a cubicle wanking franticly... because they've just seen Hermione Granger's pussy!
The world’s very first Harry Potter STEM product – the Harry Potter Kano coding – is being launched by Kano, the company behind computers that you can make...
Welcome to Harry Styles Network, your number one source for Harry Styles. He is an English singer, songwriter, and actor. He rose to stardom as a member of the boy band One Direction. In 2010, Styles auditioned as a solo artist for the British music competition series The X Factor, where he and four other contestants joined to form One Direction. One Direction have since released five albums, performed four worldwide tours, and won several awards. One Direction went on an extended hiatus in January 2016. His first solo single, "Sign of the Times", was released in April 2017, reaching number one in the UK and number four in the US. Styles made his acting debut in Christopher Nolan's war film Dunkirk (2017).
If you wish to become elites with us, please email us. Please note that we only accept fansites on topic related to Harry/One Direction.
Harry Photo's is the largest gallery online dedicated to images of just Harry Styles. We have thousands of HQ images of Harry for you all to view with more and more images being added daily!
HarryStylesFan.Org is in no way affiliated with Harry Styles, One Direction or their management.We are just a fansite ran by fans. If you wish to contact Harry, we can not do that, you will have to contact Harry or One Direction via their management. All content on this site is copyright to the admin unless stated otherwise, so if you wish to use anything on the site then PLEASE provide credit. All images in the gallery have been obtained by staff, unless stated otherwise. Photo copyright belongs to the photographers.
I have added photos of Harry exiting a subway in New York City on 6th December. Check them out below!
By Maja on December 12,2013 • 1 Comment on 2nd December – British Fashion Awards 2013 in London, England
I have added photos of Harry at the British Fashion Awards 2013 in London, England as well as photos of Harry attending Playboy’s 60th Anniversary Party celebrating Kate Moss’ cover. Check them out below!
2013 Candids: 2nd December – Attending Playboy’s 60th Anniversary Party celebrating Kate Moss’ cover
By Maja on December 12,2013 • 2 Comments on 1st December – ‘The Class of 92’ World Premiere in London
I have added photos of Harry at the ‘Class Of ’92’ world premiere in London which took place on 1st December. heck them out below!
I have added photos of One Direction appearing on Good Morning America on 26th November. heck them out below!
I have added photos of Harry playing basketball on set of 1DDay on 23rd November. Check them out below!
I have added photos of One Direction attending the American Music Awards yesterday, 24th November. Check them out below!
© Harry Styles Network • www.harrystylesfan.org / Created by 20th Designs / Hosted by Flaunt.nu - DMCA & Privacy Policy
Ernesto Sirolli is a noted authority in the field of sustainable economic development and is the Founder of the Sirolli Institute, an international non-profit organization that teaches community leaders how to establish and maintain Enterprise Facilitation projects in their community. The Institute is now training communities in the USA, Canada, Australia, England and Scotland.
In 1985, he pioneered in Esperance, a small rural community in Western Australia, a unique economic development approach based on harnessing the passion, determination, intelligence, and resourcefulness of the local people. The striking results of "The Esperance Experience" have prompted more than 250 communities around the world to adopt responsive, person-centered approaches to local economic development similar to the Enterprise Facilitation® model pioneered in Esperance.
I always wanted to help people, but then from Sirolli's speech i understood a new perspective. Yeah, i realized that we cant help someone who dont need it. We need to know what is needed to develop those individuals or as such a community. I have not read the book Dead Aid by Dambisa Moyo mentioned by Sirolli, but now i am interested in reading it. I guess, that this book reveals on atleast, how not to provide aid.
Sirolli, sure knows to talk well, he can make us listen to him. Looking at this speech, i understand the difficulties we have to face when do such kind of work, not in this well established state, but when it was on the budding stage. I got inspired by him & below is the link to his website.
“What you do [to provide better aid is] you shut up. You never arrive in a community with any ideas.”
“There's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common: None was started by one person.”
I am Harshavardhan B, a radiologist by profession. But I want to be more than that. I would like to live up to the meaning of my name HARSHAVARDHAN - creator of joy & happiness.
This is a each day sampler ofreally venerable songs . All tracks are posted out oflove . Please go out MP3 NORMALIZER . to hear a song in your browser, click the and it'll start enjoying. All songs are also obtainable to obtain: just right-click on the link and select 'save as...' audacity are eliminated within a number of weeks of rearrangement.mentioned the Gramophonelaunched inside demo 2zerozero3, and added songs surrounded by November of that yr. It was one of the world's premature mp3blogs. if you need to say howdy, find out our mailg addresses or pull towards you us to exhibits, please get in contact: Montreal, Canada: SeanToronto, Canada: EmmaMontreal, Canada: JeffMontreal, Canada: Mitz Please don't send us emails by tons of big attachments; if emailsurrounded byg a bunch of mp3s and so on, send us a link to download them. we aren't thinking about streamcontained byg widattains type soundcloud: said the Gramophone posts are at all times accompanied by MP3s. if you're the copyright of any song posted right here, pleasecontact usif you need the song taken sad in advance. Pleasedo not thin on top linkto any of these tracks. Please love and marvel. "and i shall look after the ferry-boats / they usually'll achieve excessive on a bluer ocean / towards tomorrow's sky / and i'll never develop so crumbling again."
To fruitfulness LAME (or FFmpeg) by boldness, you possibly can put it anywhere you need, but the prematurely existence you wish to export an MP3 feature, show give ask you for the situation of this line, suitably it would be best to keep in mind everywhere you set it.
The Dickson family’s achievements in performing arts have reached new heights! Debbie Dickson and daughter Brooke Dickson recently performed at Segerstrom Concert Hall in Costa Mesa. In the 25 minute concert, Brooke performed as a soprano soloist and Debbie played the massive organ (4,322 pipes, 40 feet wide x 48 feet high).
We provide a no questions asked money-back guarantee on all ashtrays for sale because we sell only products that we have tested and are confident of their quality. We sell air purifiers, ionic smokeless ashtrays, marble ashtrays, smokeless ashtrays with filters, outdoor ashtrays, windproof ashtrays, pocket ashtrays and more.
Attractive, practical design is perfect for office, home and countertop. Powerful fan captures cigarette smoke allowing the activated carbon filter to absorb heavy cigarette odors near the source before they spread out in your room. Simply raise the lid to turn it on. Close lid when not in use to trap smoke and odors and hide unsightly ashes. Tray is removable, dishwasher safe. Comes in white and uses two "D" batteries (not included). Reduce the harmful effects of second hand smoke! For cigarettes and small cigars. Dimensions: 3.5" X 5.5" X 6".
All rights reserved by Smoke-Outlet.com- 2003-2010 Comments or questions should be directed to Webmaster at mkg@smoke-outlet.com Designed and maintained by Marketing -- Smoke-Outlet.com
All images, intellectual property, copyrights and trademarks on this site are the exclusive property of Smoke-Outlet.com, its owners, designers or affiliates.
Emergency smoke damage and soot cleanup from fire disasters in Liberty Lake Washington . We are experts in repairing and restoring commercial industrial and residential properties from fire damage or smoke damage disasters. Our local team of certified techs in Liberty Lake Washington can arrive at your property with 1 hour of your call to our local dispatch center. We assist with emergency board ups temporary repairs cleanup and full reconstruction. Our technicians are certified by the IICRC to assure the highest level of customer satisfaction.
Watching your home or business go up in flames can be devastating and extremely stressful. From there it can be even more stress-inducing to find a reliable company to come and help you get your property and your life back on track. That is where we come in. The Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros in Liberty Lake Washington have been in the fire and smoke damage restoration business for over 30 years and want to be the company you call in your time of need. Fires in a building can happen for many reasons: candles inadequate wiring electrical equipment careless smoking and even cooking equipment can all have a hand in starting a fire. When this occurs on your property your main concern is getting your property back to its former glory. We can help you with this process and take the stress off of your shoulders in the process. When it comes to equipment and manpower we have only the best of the best. Our technicians go through extensive training procedures to earn them a certification from the IICRC stating that they are fully capable of doing an excellent and safe job of restoring your property. Our equipment is high-tech state of the art and the best available in the fire and smoke damage industry today. We stay up to date on all of the latest technology in the field because we only want to provide you with the best service possible.
The Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros of Liberty Lake Washington is a full scale restoration company who can help you with any of your restoration needs. More than likely a chemical or water substance was used to extinguish the flames on your property. With our equipment we can remove the moisture and dry out your property completely. You should always leave the job to the professionals in this type of situation because if you are not properly trained and do not have the needed equipment you may end up doing more harm than good. When you call the Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros you can rest assured that we can arrive to your property after the first responders leave. When we arrive to your location we will begin by doing a walk through. Once we have assessed the damage we will set up an accurate claim for you. From there we will set up a personalized disaster recovery plan because every fire is different and poses a different set of restoration challenges. Once we have received the “green light” from you we will bring in the rest of the team to begin the fire and smoke damage cleanup process. We have pre-loaded trucks with specialized equipment that are waiting to be dispatched at your call! We can remove soot from your personal items as well as deodorizing your property and removing the smoke from the premises.
Our company is available 24 hours a day 7 days a week and 365 days a year in Liberty Lake Washington for your convenience. We know that fire disasters can happen at any time; whether it is during the day or night you can be sure that the Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros will be there in a timely manner. Complete customer satisfaction is our number one goal and we strive to achieve that goal any way we can. If that means that we have to work a little longer than was expected to do a stellar job and ensure your happiness that is what we will do. Also no job is too big or too small for the Pros! We have extensive experience in dealing with small fire damages on a commercial property or a complete loss on a residential home. We can handle any damage that you may have and we assure you quality service during the process. If fire or smoke damage is your issue the Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros are your solution. Call us today to set up an appointment or for emergency services!
We work with all major insurance carriers including: Allstate AAA Chubb Farmers Liberty Mutual Nationwide State Farm USAA
"We were devastated after we lost most of our second floor to a fire. Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros were very respectful of our tragedy and worked behind the scenes to help us get our life back to order. We would not hesitate to refer them to family and friends."
We had a large fire in our home last year. This was horrible and we lost most of our personal items. The team at Smoke Damage Cleanup Pros did a good job explaining the process, walking step by step with us, and returning our home to pre loss conditions.
I have made my introduction and now i believe i want to start flipping. I kind of need help figuring out which would best fit me.
Autofocus, continuous shooting, geotagging, panorama, HDR, touch focus, face detection, white balance settings, ISO settings, exposure compensation, self-timer, scene-mode
how to draw a christmas tree step by step drawings step by step how to draw a simple tree step by step how to draw santa claus and christmas tree step by step easy.
how to draw a christmas tree step by with pictures drawing easy cute and santa dragoart,how to draw a christmas tree step by dragoart cartoon buy the real,how to draw a christmas tree step by with pictures drawings simple real santa claus and easy,tree step by drawing steps to draw a how christmas for beginners real cute,how to draw a cartoon christmas tree step by trees with pictures beautiful real,how to draw santa claus and christmas tree step by easy a dragoart cute drawing of trees,how to draw and color a beautiful tree ideas santa claus christmas step by easy for beginners,how to draw christmas tree and santa step by a realistic,how to draw a christmas tree step by dragoart cartoon cute pictures hand drawn mix design,how to draw a realistic christmas tree step by beautiful santa claus and with open office pictures.
You walk down a pretty, tree-lined street, and see a glass house. The sun shines off the sparkling glass house; it is beautiful, and you stop to admire the house for a few minutes, trying to focus on it, but the sun is too bright and pokes you right in your eyes.
After a few minutes of this, you notice a girl sitting on a rock outside the glass house, looking thoughtfully at it.
She sees you looking at her and becomes animated suddenly, smiles brightly, gets up, and walks over to you, and says “Hello!”
I walk over to you, knowing what you are thinking, knowing what you are seeing. You see a beautiful house, so beautiful it blinds you, so beautiful that you wish you were the owner, able to go in and wander freely.
I say hello and distract myself with conversation with you. I twinkle, I captivate, I engage you in a long conversation, and you are impressed by my wit, my intelligence, my joie de vivre. I, too, am beautiful, and you wonder briefly at how such a beautiful young woman came to live in such a beautiful house.
Eventually, it is time for you to go, though you have not seen the inside of the house. I have not invited you in, and though you don’t know this, it wouldn’t matter how long you stayed to chat. It would be a cold day in hell before I would invite you or anyone inside my glass house.
I bid you goodbye, and you continue on your way, happy having seen such a lovely house, happy having spoken to such a lovely girl. In later years, you occasionally think of me, and occasionally wonder how the house is doing, if I still live there, and what was inside the house. You imagine the amazing furniture that surely furnishes the house, and who else might live in the house with me, and how lovely my life must be to live in such a wonderful house.
It’s all too easy to be blinded by the superficial beauty sometimes. It’s all to easy to forget that what appears shiny and beautiful on the outside sometimes is actually completely rotten on the inside.
I sit outside my lovely glass house day in, day out, knowing that the casual passersby will never see what’s inside; they will let the sun reflect off the glass walls and suggest an ethereal beauty, believing this illusion, wanting it for themselves. I will talk to everyone who passes by, adding to this myth of perfection; the girl with the bright smile, chatting happily, letting them buy into the perception that my life is blessed, my life is wonderful and my house is outrageously beautiful.
And when night falls, and everyone’s gone on their way, and I am left to myself, when I have no other choice, I enter this glass house, and try not to look at what’s inside when it’s all I can see around me.
Everything neglected, nothing loved. Pain, torture, heartache. Every negative emotion in the human spectrum, and some that aren’t. Suffering, loss, the very foundation of the glass house being the tears that fell from my eyes for days on end after the first time the first one put his hands on me.
Everyone I ever trusted has betrayed me. Everyone I ever tried to share my dreams with, the thoughts of building a future with a lovely house, all that I have ever loved… always left me.
So instead, I built a glass house around those destroyed dreams. I used my tears as the foundation, my heartache as the walls, my pain as the furniture, and my very soul as the roof. It looks beautiful on the outside, but the inside is rotten down to the last nail. I continue building and adding to the glass house; with each slap, with each hurled insult, with each new betrayal, my glass house gets bigger, more beautiful.
Once someone loves me, I believe, once someone finally loves me enough to see into the house and still love me, not run away in fright, once someone finally loves me enough to hold me in his arms and never let go, the glass house? I won’t need it anymore. I will tear it down, brick by brick, wall by wall, room by room, until nothing remains but a puddle of tears at the bottom of a well. Even those will dry up eventually, and I will move on from the glass house, and move into a brick house. Perhaps other people won’t be blinded by its beauty, and perhaps other people won’t envy me so much, but I won’t need that anymore. I will live in a solid house built from love, and I won’t be afraid to invite people into my house, to show them what real beauty is. I will not need to distract them with my wit, my intelligence, instead I will be able to be my own trueself, and they will still want to be my friend, and I will be happy.
I like this. Am I to believe you truly feel this way? I know these are “fictional” stories but the thoughts are coming from somewhere. Good thoughts, bad thoughts. I like the observations and emotional impact.
Wow, here I was expecting to read about food, since I’ve never come across a Serial Thursday so far on your blog. Very lovely surprise though, I enjoyed it immensely and wouldn’t mind seeing this again!
I’d kindda wonder if asny one was ever let in. It would be an interesting sociological study to see if any really cared enough, in the end, to want actually see anything but her and the outward beauty…
Regards, Baranee Friday, August 17, 2012 6:19 AM Reply | Quote Answers 0 Sign in to vote check this article for possbile solution. Glen Merrill Greenhorn Posts: 3 posted 5 years ago Running it from the command line acts similarly. Tomat 5.0.19 fails to start as a service for win2K jk_nt_service.exe Trying to respond to s symbol both as a context (webapp) and as a request tomcat stops randomly. Same error when trying to start it from the CCM. Check This Out
after copying the msvcr71.dll fro jre bin to tomcat bin Richard Kachelriess Greenhorn Posts: 1 posted 4 years ago Wow, 4 and a half year old thread helped me solve posted 4 years ago This 5yr old thread has helped me a lot for my lab exams thanks a lot for all the help -$ana Zafar Anwar Greenhorn Posts: 3 However, certain configurations, technical restrictions, or performance issues may result in the service taking longer than 30 seconds to start and report ready to the Service Control Manager. that worked for me in windows xp. check this link right here now
The 64 bit versions of Tomcat 6 we previously used on these machines had no issues on startup/shutdown. Justa Guy Greenhorn Posts: 2 posted 6 years ago Thank you for the reply. So, the error about dll files might be misleading (especially since there aren't supposed to be any dll files in the bin folder). the server was actually stopping even though the error occurs.
salutes Dilipkumar Jadhav Greenhorn Posts: 5 posted 7 years ago I had a similar problem on a new Windows XP machine.
But i tried to install the SP in my Windows Server 2003, I'm getting the below error, "This KB867460 is for a different hardware platform." The system I'm using is, Microsoft I won't be able to help unless you give steps to reproduce. I did notice one thing. Apache Tomcat Service Will Not Start We provide PGP signatures for every release file.
Regards, Baranee Edited by Baranee K Thursday, August 23, 2012 8:09 AM Thursday, August 23, 2012 6:54 AM Reply | Quote 0 Sign in to vote check this article for possbile The port numbers are picked up from the configuration files and if you were to modify these files, you can pretty much tweak how your instance of Tomcat would work including My app won't run on jre, has to have jdk. this content Thanks!
What tool can I use? Apache Tomcat Service Stopped Unexpectedly If you are able to launch Tomcat this way successfully, it would imply that it could be an issue with how the tomcat launch service accesses your windows resources, to be I got the following error: Header: Microsoft Management Console Body: Error 1053: The service did not respond to the start or control request in a timely fashion. Tomcat does just that.
Anyone else who faced this on a particular instance of tomcat?... https://support.threattracksecurity.com/support/solutions/articles/1000071019-error-1053-the-service-did-not-respond-in-a-timely-fashion-when-attempting-to-start-stop-or-pause For example an underscore or a long-stroke character. Apache Tomcat Service Name In Windows How could banks with multiple branches work in a world without quick communication? Apache Tomcat Service Not Starting i guess you'll have to wait a couple of years for your question to be answered... :P Howard Watson Ranch Hand Posts: 63 1 posted 6 years ago I see
Whenever the Tomcat server runs with Multi threaded objects and if i try to stop the Tomcat using the Windows service I'm getting the following error , "Error 1053: The service his comment is here If I change the shutdown Mode to "Java" as described above, I am am not able to start the tomcat service. Peter Sinclair Greenhorn Posts: 1 posted 4 years ago LOW TECH SOLUTION Send Monitor Tomcat to the Desktop as a Shortcut. Comment 2 Jerry Hammann 2003-07-31 16:04:53 UTC Yes, that was the problem. Apache Tomcat Service On Local Computer Started And Then Stopped
Thanks!!! Apache Tomcat Service Stops Automatically For more information, review the System Event Log. I would better ask you to deploy TOMCAT manually.
At Wed, 28 Jan 2004 01:06:54 -0800 SAG - Jose Antonio Tarifa said: I had the same problem on W2K and was able to fix it by upgrading from JSDK SAG Hope this helps.---------------------------------------------------------------------To unsubscribe, e-mail: [email protected] additional commands, e-mail: [email protected]----------------------------------------To unsubscribe, e-mail: [email protected] additional commands, e-mail: [email protected] reply | permalink Related Discussions RV: Tomcat 5.0.18: Error 1053: The service did not I've done warm and cold reboots and also changed the User and System environment variables to point to the new location (and then did a cold reboot) without success. Apache Tomcat Service Keeps Stopping but i gave CATALINA_HOME =[dir]/[tomcat path].whats wrong done?
since i had downloaded the zipped version i dont have set any username-password which is set at the time of installation. Thanks to everbody for help! I went to the Services program within Control Panel/Administrative Tools and attempted to start the service from there. navigate here Dilipkumar Jadhav Greenhorn Posts: 5 posted 6 years ago Hi Justa Guy, You mentioned that you downloaded the "windows service installer" from Tomcat download website.
Any ideas (other than a reinstall/repair of BOE)? Thank you for your assistance. When I start the service it fails with the following error: Windows could not start the Apache Tomcat 7 on Local Computer. I've got a stock install, so the actual tomcat directory is in Program Files/Business Objects...
Shopping the stores for holiday gifts can be a real hassle what with the stores being so crowded, and shopping online you really don’t get to “see” what you are getting.
Home parties have come a long way since the Tupperware Party days and they are no longer something you “have to go to and buy something” because your sister-in-law is hosting it – they are a great gift buying venue. Whatever you are looking for there is probably a home party that will provide it. No crowds to fight they bring the product right to you in the comfort of your own home where you can see exactly what you are buying, they deliver your order to you and best of all you can pick up several items at little or no cost to you!
Hosting a home party is simplicity itself. You can contact any company online or by phone and they will give you the name of a representative in your area or you can go to parties demonstrating the kinds of products you are interested in and let the representative know that you are interested in hosting your own party. The latter has the added benefit of giving your host credit for a booking, which usually results in their being eligible for free, or discounted items. Once you have picked a date for your booking the representative will either give you invitations that you can send out or some will just take your guest list and they will send the invitations out for you.
The day of the party all you have to do is make sure you have enough seating and a table for the demonstrator to display her items on and have some drinks and snacks handy. How fancy you get is up to you. You can just serve some chips and dips or you can make appetizers and put them out. One of the advantages of the parties that sell food products are they bring lots of food samples for you and your guests to try.
The demonstrator will come in and set up, do her demonstration take all the orders, figure out how much you have coming in free or discounted items, let you know when the delivery date is. Some companies deliver everything to the hostess and she delivers them from there and others deliver directly to each person who places an order.
So many of the companies have branched out and sell a great variety of items that you can probably do a lot of your holiday shopping at one or two different parties. There are companies that sell clothing and lingerie, cookware, bake ware, food products, jewelry (including “pearl” parties where everyone gets a chance to pick an oyster and if your oyster has a pearl you get to keep it – of course they are hoping you will pick one of their settings to put it in!), country style furnishings and décor, wrought iron décor, candles and the list just keeps going.
There is one last advantage to doing your holiday shopping at home parties; you may very well run into one that you like enough that it could become a part or full time income for you!
The Proust Questionnaire in Vanity Fair has been a favorite read of mine for decades. The Proust Q&A has its origins in a parlor game popularized (though not devised) by Marcel Proust, the French essayist and novelist, who believed that, in answering these questions, an individual reveals his or her true nature.
Since Bulldawg Illustrated evolved into magazine format, I decided to explore the nature of some fellow University alumni with my own Proust Q&A. Enjoy my visit with Bulldawg Illustrated’s first intern (circa 2007), Ryan Scates.
From Undergrad: Dr. Charles Bullock, Political Science: He is the authority on Southern Politics. From Atlanta to Alma to Washington D.C., alums of Bullock classes wear their association with him like a badge of honor. All of that and he is the consummate gentleman and mentor.
From Law School: Dean Bo Rutledge, Law: I may have dropped his class out of fear of failing, but nevertheless he has been a great mentor to me He also has elevated the status of the law school a great deal in a very short amount of time as dean.
I have no connection to these people, but I have always been inspired by some of the men from Georgia who have dared to dream big, and in doing so, made Georgia a better place to live. Some big names that come to mind are:
• Robert Woodruff, who built a sugar-water company into the world’s most powerful brand, and then became the infamous “Mr. Anonymous” who helped unite and lead Atlanta forward through events like the Orly Plane Crash and the Civil Rights Movement.
• Bobby Jones, who may have gone to Tech, but made Georgia the epicenter of American Golf while providing the ideal for what sportsmanship should be.
• Billy Payne, who dared to push Atlanta onto the international stage by being brazen enough to put together a bid for the 1996 Olympic Games.
Try to imagine how different a place Atlanta, if not the whole Southeast, would be if these men never existed. It’s not that hard…It’s actually called Birmingham.
“How much lies in Laughter: the cipher-key, wherewith we decipher the whole man! The man who cannot laugh is not only fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils; but his whole life is already a treason and a stratagem.” – Sir Thomas Carlyle
“It’s easy to grin / When your ship comes in / And you’ve got the stock market beat / But a man worthwhile / is the man who can smile / While his shorts are too tight in the seat. Spalding, get your foot off the boat!” – Judge Smails, as portrayed by Ted Knight in Caddyshack
A morning round of golf, followed by a tailgate lunch with friends and family, then a late afternoon kickoff where the Dawgs run all over an old-line SEC football program. Let’s also throw in a few cigars and a driver to get us back to Atlanta and Col. Waffles.
As an attorney, I am undefeated and untied in the courtroom. By a similar fashion, I have never lost a game as the starting Quarterback for the Georgia Bulldogs.
A good friend must be able to do two out of three: make a good cocktail, tell a good joke, or take a good joke. A great friend can do all three with ease, and then pick up the tab when it’s all over!
• Spencer Hall, blogger for “Every Day Should Be Saturday”: The last 20 years have seen college football transform from a regional-driven, organically-grown, cultural niche into a nationwide, mass-produced money-making machine.
No writer does a better job hilariously weaving those old-time eccentricities with the new-school corporate sanitization of college football like Spencer and his team at EDSBS. If you love college football but don’t read his site, you are missing out.
• Tom Wolfe: While his novels turn times and places into something of a caricature, it does not mean they aren’t fun to read. You want to get in the mind of a college kid? Read I Am Charlotte Simmons. A Wall Street hotshot? Bonfire of the Vanities. An anxious but proud Atlanta developer? A Man in Full.
Sure the situations and attitudes are exaggerated … but there is a lot of truth in those stereotypes, and Wolfe does a great job bringing those to life with his characters.
• Jim James, My Morning Jacket: Bar-none, my favorite band, thanks in no small part to some truth-bomb lines hidden in their hazy jams. Here is a track list to throw in Spotify to get you going:
Cheri Leavy is a connector, cheerleader and marketing consultant for fellow entrepreneurs. Constantly on the lookout for the newest talent in the South, Cheri has a passion for helping entrepreneurs create and share their brand storytelling through her endeavors - The Southern Coterie • guide2athens • Bulldawg Illustrated
Students have three options for fulfilling the major concentration requirements for the B.A. degree: major, double (or triple) major, or interdepartmental major. For detailed information about the requirements for any particular major, please see the entries in this Bulletin for individual Schools, Departments & Programs. Some departments require students to complete a minor in addition to the major.
With the exception of interdepartmental majors, majors that are part of the B.A. degree require a minimum of 30 and a maximum of 42 College of Arts and Sciences credit hours. Students—especially those considering graduate school—may count up to 20 major credit hours taken in excess of 42 toward the 120 minimum credit hours required for the degree if the total number of credit hours outside of the College and excess major hours combined do not exceed 20.
Students must complete at least 18 credit hours at the 300–400 level in courses applicable to the major.
Any course in which the student earns a grade below C– may not be used to fulfill a major or minor requirement. Courses in which the student earns a D– or higher, however, count toward the 120 credit hour total.
Courses taken to satisfy the Foundations requirement in English Composition may not be applied toward a major or minor requirement.
Students must complete the requirements of each major, including credit hours and residence in the major.
Interdepartmental majors are available in some disciplines for students who are pursuing a Bachelor of Arts degree and who wish to combine two disciplines or subjects into an interdepartmental concentration area. Such students are required to complete a minimum of 40 credit hours but cannot exceed 62 credit hours in the interdepartmental major. However, a maximum of 20 major credit hours taken in excess of 62 may be counted toward the 120 minimum credit hours required for the degree. In no case may the total of credit hours outside the College and excess major credit hours exceed 20 credit hours.
Aluminum body with chromoly spindle plus steel cast wings perfect for all mountain application. Forged scm435 chromoly steel spindle plus internal needle bearing plus outer cartridge bearing. Premium brass cleats included.
Once an order has been placed, we aim to process and ship from our warehouses within 48 hours. An email with tracking details will be sent as soon as items have shipped.
Broadly speaking, our logistics partners deliver within 1 to 14 business days depending on the location of delivery.
We enjoy creating a sense of space, place, and community and love it when people join us in our passion.
BUMSONTHESADDLE is not just a place to get the best bicycles and service but to also connect with like-minded people, geek over bicycles and to immerse yourself in cycling.
Thank you for requesting an appointment. Our office will contact you shortly to confirm the appointment with you. Submitting this request does not guarantee the appointment, but we will call you right away to accommodate your requested time. Our hours of operation are:
2. Add a clear PM Shine shot for $15.00* (a $30.00 value) with any cut and blow dry or blow out for added shine for your hair.
1. Come in for a balayage highlight and we'll give you a beautiful blow out on us*. (a $28.00 and up value).
So let's talk a bit about festivals. I've applied to 42 so far, heard back from about 10 of them, got into 3 so far. Does that make me an expert? No, but i've already learned stuff i didn't know before!!
I've been submitting my film on burned dvds that i've made on some crappy consumer software. As I've mentioned in earlier posts, I had set a deadline to my sound engineer to have a "festival-ready" audio mix by June 1st. That meant that everything that made a sound would have a sound and the dialogue, score, and soundfx tracks would be mixed to the right levels. Rob delivered that 2 days early to me (nice, rob!) so I was able to fire off about a dozen festival applications that had to be post-marked by a June 1st deadline.
In the following weeks, I'd meet with Rob and we'd tweak the soundfx track. Sometimes I wanted to change the type of noise a droid made, other times Rob would have added more Foley effects of gear rustling or boots walking. So for nearly every week of June, I'd get updated tracks on my ftp server from Rob which I would then use to burn an updated DVD for that week's festival deadlines. I figured as long as I made the deadline, my film would get its due consideration- I mean I was paying $20-50 per application!
Well now I'm not tooo sure about that assumption. As the ding letters started to come in, some basically implied the festival program had been filled up before all films could be considered. This obviously makes sense if they've received so many films during the submission process, but it annoys me to think that all the films sent in during the tail end of the window never had a chance and were just extra money coming in. I don't know if I'd go so far as to argue that - i dunno - they close the window early if they've made decisions or force themselves not to decide what goes in until they've seen everything.
The bottom line for me I guess was and is to just send my stuff in early. So I stopped waiting for the newest soundfx track and burned DVDs for the outstanding dozen festivals i still had waiting for me. And ya know, that was what my plan originally was- to use that June 1st deadline version to submit to festivals upon the reasoning that no festival would ding me just because of a sound effect! I just basically forgot about that (deployment) strategy part when I started to hear newer and cooler versions of the soundfx!! Anyways, lesson learned for me (for you too?).
btw, i'll get that Festival Watch section up soon. It's getting hard for me to keep track of all the festival notifications even with Withoutabox.com helping me!
it does seem to be logical that if you apply late to a festival you're fighting an uphill battle. we've taken the same strategy.
it makes sense. obviously they have to start making preliminary choices (especially for those that have submission deadlines close to the actual event). that means they must be making decisions as they go, which means that if you're submitting late, you can't just be good, you have to be better.
if my film is only as good as another already tentatively programmed, then mine won't be. it's just easier to leave the one already vetted and kick mine back.
I think that's a good idea. just to clarify: i applied within their window, just not early. I didn't mean to suggest that i applied after the deadline if anyone understood it that way. But i think i'll apply your way from now on unless its a festival I'm really interested in and have only just learned about it. I guess i thought it'd be like applying to colleges, but then these are festivals not accredited universities!
...am i doing this?? I ask myself this all the freaking time but the conclusion is always the same- I don't know why, all I know is that I just must, must, must make this film...
"...I have a temporary lapse of sanity where I decide to not go to set this morning and sleep instead... read the rest!"
"...I confess to him that he's wearing my favorite suit and he cracks up laughing. Hey, that's low budget film making!... read the rest!"
"8 years ago, I was doing the same type of equipment returns. Today, I'm that same PA, but it's my film... read the rest!"
"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood..." Theodore Roosevelt
"I am leaving this message for you because it appears I must leave sooner than I intended. I would have preferred to say this in person, but since I cannot, let me say it here."
On January 3, Andrew Olmsted was killed in Diyala. Olmsted, an Army Major, leaves behind a wife, family, and countless friends and loved ones. He also leaves behind a collection of thoughts that he hoped would "contribute in some small manner to the philosophical and political questions of the day."
In the event of his death, Olmsted wrote a "final post" that he asked a friend to post on his blog. He hoped to use it as a means of saying goodbye, but also to ask that politics be kept out of his death. Needless to say, it is a very poignant read. An excerpt:
"This may be a contradiction of my above call to keep politics out of my death, but I hope not. Sometimes going to war is the right idea. I think we've drawn that line too far in the direction of war rather than peace, but I'm a soldier and I know that sometimes you have to fight if you're to hold onto what you hold dear. But in making that decision, I believe we understate the costs of war; when we make the decision to fight, we make the decision to kill, and that means lives and families destroyed. Mine now falls into that category; the next time the question of war or peace comes up, if you knew me at least you can understand a bit more just what it is you're deciding to do, and whether or not those costs are worth it."
The AgriAssurance: Small and Medium Enterprises program offers government funding for Canadian agriculture, agri-products and agri-food businesses (including fish and seafood) of up to 50% to a maximum of $50,000 to achieve third-party certifications that lead to sales in a foreign market. Applicants must be prepared to export, have 250 or fewer employees, and be generating less than $50 million in annual revenue. Eligible expenditures include:
Funding is provided only for activities that lead to the achievement of a first-time certification specifically required to access a targeted foreign market.
David Reynolds is the President and founder of INAC Services Limited. He has over 20 years experience in securing government incentives for business.
Funding Available to Increase Competitiveness and Improve Processes The Automotive Supplier Competitiveness Improvement Program offers funding of up…
Program Supports Job Creation and Economic Growth The Southwestern Ontario Development Fund (SWODF) offers up…
The Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada Career Focus program will contribute 50% up to $14,000 towards employing…
Next Deadline to Submit an Application is October 22 The Canadian Agriculture Partnership (CAP): Organizations and…
Funding Offered to Hire New Employees The Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada Career Focus program ... Read More
Funding Available to Increase Competitiveness and Improve Processes The Automotive Supplier Competitiveness Improvement ... Read More
Program Supports Job Creation and Economic Growth The Southwestern Ontario Development Fund ... Read More
Subscribe to our Funding Bulletin to receive updated information on government funding programs that may be available for your business
Responsibilities: Ensure that all safety requirements, and ethical standards are met at all times; Maintains safe and clean work environment; Ensure ... подробнее
No one has yet made a psychopathic killer criminal movie quite like 'White Heat', a 1949 classic starring James Cagney. The unlikely parallel was George W. Bush whom many feared would reprise Cagney's searing, most memorable performance. For as long as Bush occupied the Oval Office, anyone could imagine George Bush as Cody Jarrett, figuratively climbing on board a nuke, declaring himself to be on top of the world before blowing it all up!
As Bush occupied the Oval Office, monsters from his id made themselves at home. Typically thin-skinned, Bush became unhinged amid the chance that he might plunge the world into a world war the external projection of his internal struggle against demons of his own creation, the spawn of his twisted id.
In the movies, this dynamic was embodied in Cagney's portrayal of Cody Jarrett, whom reviewers called an 'incendiary, disturbed gang leader '. Jarrett, like Bush, became an archetype, a Wotan, literally, the 'monster from the id', Bush's id, the collective worst impulses of mankind made flesh.
As in the movie, 'White Heat', primitive forces threatened to drive Bush in a Hegelian dialectic to an inexorable and iconic apocalypse. In 'White Heat' the process resulted in one of moviedom's most memorable and most disturbing scenes. It has been described as apocalyptic, a word that describes Bush's 'adventure', his war of naked aggression against Iraq, a war in which some 1.6 million people have died by his hand.
White Heat is, of course, the movie that gave us "Top of the world, Ma!", as iconic a Hollywood misquote as "Play it again, Sam" and "We don't need no steenking badges." That cry caps the climactic gunfight showdown between Cody and an army of T-men atop a natural-gas refinery, and the famous fireball explosion that follows may be Cody himself finally spontaneously combusting, not just the timely immolation of all those volatile fluids beneath him. By that point in the story, Cody is pure uncorked id. Whether doing away with witnesses at his gang's train robbery in the opening scenes, or taking cool pride in the casual comeuppance he gives his ambitious lieutenant Big Ed (Steve Cochran) — who has been helping himself to something on the side with Cody's sexy, vulgar wife and mob moll, Verna (Virginia Mayo) — Cody is a force of nature, as efficient and cold-blooded as a forest fire. Not even the government men, who track Cody with sophisticated postwar technology, can stop him. Instead, it's the human element that brings about Cody's Greek tragedy downfall. He risks a trusting friendship with Vic Pardo, a worshipful crook he meets in prison. Pardo, though, is actually Hank Fallon (Edmond O'Brien), a "copper" who infiltrates gangs by posing as a criminal. When Cody catches on to "Pardo's" betrayal, he almost weeps, a staggering moment of pathos that inflates Cagney's character to three dimensions, guaranteeing that we'll remember him long after the movie has ended.
But it's Ma herself who really makes Cody Jarrett more than just another homicidal thug. Played with chilling mother-love by Margaret Wycherly, Cody's devoted mom is as amoral as any killer on the screen. When middle-aged Cody sits on Ma's lap for love and comfort before one of his crippling headaches, we witness a dynamic that's just steps away from Hitchcock's Psycho eleven years later. In a prison chow hall, Cody snaps when he hears that Ma has died, and Cagney draws out Cody's berserk grief into an animal wail that doesn't stop as he barrels crazed through prison guards who drop before him like straw men. When the big moment comes, Cody's exclamation to the heavens before his apocalyptic finale is as inevitable as Oedipus's own fate, but with a kablooey that 1949 audiences may have felt was not just dramatic, but outright atomic. The gangster genre would never be the same old same old again.
When the big moment comes, Cody's exclamation to the heavens before his apocalyptic finale is as inevitable as Oedipus's own fate, but with a kablooey that 1949 audiences may have felt was not just dramatic, but outright atomic. The gangster genre would never be the same old same old again.
In 1936, Jung tried to describe what was happening in Germany —as many now try to understand what is happening in America. In his essay, "Wotan", Jung described developments in terms of the mythology of the god Odin, a.k.a. the Germanic god Wotan. Jung wrote: "We have seen him come to life in the German Youth Movement."
We were even beginning to regard war between civilized nations as a fable, thinking that such an absurdity would become less and less possible in our rational, internationally organized world. And what came after the war was a veritable witches’ Sabbath. Everywhere fantastic revolutions, violent alterations of the map, reversions in politics to medieval or even antique prototypes, totalitarian states that engulf their neighbours and outdo all previous theocracies in their absolutist claims, persecutions of Christians and Jews, wholesale political murder, and finally we have witnessed a light-hearted piratical raid on a peaceful, half-civilized people.
It is not 'Gods' who came to life in America but, rather, demons loosed upon an unsuspecting world. Gods or demons, they are but manifestations of the human personality.
Bush shares his 'demons' with a demographic represented in Germany by the Nazi party, in America by the Ku Klux Klan, the radical right, the GOP.
The banks are not to blame. There is a generalized contraction of credit in the non-bank financial system where structured finance has blown up and taken half of Wall Street with it. It's the end of an era. Here's how economist Henry C. K. Liu sums it up in his "Open Letter to World Leaders attending the November 15 White House Summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy":
"Neoliberal economists in the last three decades have denied the possibility of a replay of the worldwide destructiveness of the Great Depression that followed the collapse of the speculative bubble created by unfettered US financial markets of the 'Roaring Twenties'. They fooled themselves into thinking that false prosperity built on debt could be sustainable with monetary indulgence. Now history is repeating itself, this time with a new, more lethal virus that has infested deregulated global financial markets with 'innovative' debt securitization, structured finance and maverick banking operations flooded with excess liquidity released by accommodative central banks. A massive structure of phantom wealth was built on the quicksand of debt manipulation. This debt bubble finally imploded in July 2007 and is now threatening to bring down the entire global financial system to cause an economic meltdown unless enlightened political leadership adopts coordinated corrective measures on a global scale."
Rome is burning. It's time to stop tinkering with a failed system and move on to "Plan B" before it's too late.
The GOP threatens to uncork the evil genie, to summon up the Norse 'god' Wotan, to lift the restraints upon every person's very worst motives, impulses and desires. There are good reasons for the restraints imposed by the 'superego'. Without them, people like Cody Jarrett, George W. Bush, Adolph Hitler, Pol Pot, and Augusto Pinochet would kill us all in a global conflagration. It is easy enough to imagine Bush, still seeking his father's approval, perhaps competing with him for Bar's attention, climbing upon the pinnacle of his industry's icon --the oil refinery. It is easy enough to imagine Bush screaming from atop a refinery tower: "Top of the world, Ma! Top of the world".
Dr. Gustav Gilbert, the American psychologist at the war crimes trial of Nazis at Nuremberg concluded that 'evil' was the 'utter lack of empathy'. I might add: empathy with another is possible only if one has come to terms with one's own "shadow", one's own "source of creativity", one's own humanity. One who cannot see humanity in either self or others is a Nazi in spirit, a person lacking 'empathy', a person lacking the ability to see him/herself in another place, time, or body. Those who may be described as Gilbert described 'Nazis' are what Jung would call 'inauthentic'; they live lives hidden behind masks.
Whoever battles with monsters had better see that it does not turn him into a monster. And if you gaze into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back at you.
A rejection by peers is mythical. Many so-called primitive tribes make a ritual of ostracizing a member who has breached the most sacred shibboleths. Jung and Joseph Campbell would have had much to say about the fact that some world leaders simply refused to shake Bush's hand. Some even looked away. Bush himself ducked and overtly dodged Angela Merkel.
Bush was shunned by peers. In some Eastern cultures, the loss of their respect might have required a ritual suicide. More recently, Japanese and British commanders were expected to shoot themselves.
Like many crooked GOP schemes, the fascist corporatization of state prisons makes a slick end run around the Bill of Rights, sets up crony corporations with a guaranteed gravy train at tax payer expense, and ---to sweeten the deal --it provides them with slave labor.
It is no accident that under Gov George W. Bush, Texas beat out Mississippi for 'dead last' in education. As education declines, crime increases. Increasing crime fuels the corporate prison gravy train. Justice has nothing to do with it. It's about warehousing and enslaving people for profit. There is nothing in the middle ages half so slick, so cunning, so evil!
Unless the nation wakes up to what happened in Texas, the nation will enter not just an economic depression but a new dark age, perhaps an end to civilization as we know it. In many ways we already share with the middle ages, a careless disregard for every life. In Texas, the crime rate increased as the prison systems --under Bush Jr --went corporate! As a result, one in 100 Texas residents are in prison, many of them 'corporate' lock ups in which prisoners have no rights. As Texas took the GOP/fascist prison route, education tanked --a recipe for future unemployment, poverty and increased crime.
I see a pattern. Declining education is a recipe for guaranteed unemployment, poverty, and crime. It also represents a guaranteed, risk free income to the evil corporations who run the state's corporate gulag often with no-bid contracts! As long as the quality of public education declines, two groups will benefit: the corporate owned prisons and expensive private schools affordable only to the very, very rich and/or privileged. The GOP runs states like Bush ran the war of aggression against Iraq. State prisons are just another money making opportunity, as Iraq was for the likes of Dick Cheney's Halliburton and professional thugs like Blackwater.
My assertions are backed up by a recent Pew study of trends [PDF] that had been embraced by Bush's Texas, primarily the rapid outsourcing of prison construction and management throughout the US. As in Texas, crime rates over the period under study increased. Guilt or innocence is of no concern to corporate robber barons. It is an Orwellian nightmare of waste, graft, and fascism in which no one is held to account.
As the GOP "Enronized" the great state of Texas, an assembly line criminal justice system, in cahoots with a medieval, privatized prison system, proved to be an oxymoron. It was "criminal" but hardly "justice". Despite the GOPs "worst" efforts, crime in Texas, always a topic of much discussion and study, has gotten worse. Texas is big on capital punishment, but even the industrialized application of the death penalty cannot kill off the criminals as fast as they procreate and multiply. The GOP may be seeking a "final solution".
...by year's end 1999, there were 706,600 Texans in prison, jail, parole or probation on any given day. In a state with 14 million adults, this meant that 5% of adult Texans, or 1 out of every 20, are under some form of criminal justice supervision. The scale of what is happening in Texas is so huge, it is difficult to contrast the size of its criminal justice systems to the other states' systems it dwarfs:
Despite the state Board of Pardons and Parole voting to spare Robert Lee Thompson's life, Bush Jr's successor, Rick 'Hair Club of Men' Perry voted to kill him anyway. Why have a board when you have a dictator?
Even as the controversy over his execution of an innocent man goes unresolved, last night the Texas Governor rejected a rare clemency recommendation from the state Board of Pardons and Paroles for a man facing execution for a murder he did not commit.
Robert Lee Thompson was an accomplice in a violent convenience store robbery in Houston in 1996, when his co-conspirator fatally shot the sales clerk, a man named Mansoor Bhai Rahim Mohammed. Thompson himself fired shots that wounded Mohammed, but it was his partner, Sammy Butler, who pulled the trigger that would leave him dead. Butler was tried and sentenced to life. A different jury found Thompson guilty and sentenced him to death.
Numerous defendants who did not kill anyone have been executed under the Law of Parties; that Perry wouldn't hesitate to sign off on Thompson's execution should comes as no surprise. But yesterday Thompson was granted a recommendation for clemency by the state's Board of Pardons and Paroles -- an extremely rare move. The Board, whose members are political appointments, has only recommended clemency two other times in recent memory.
One of these was two years ago in the case of Kenneth Foster, Jr., who also faced execution under the Law of Parties. In his case, the murder took place while he was in a car, 18 feet away. A grassroots campaign rose up to stop Foster's execution and in August 2007, Perry took the Board's recommendation and spared his life.
Why do these state-sponsored crimes against humanity continue? The Carvellian quick response: there's money in it!
It may be 'legal'! So what? Under Nazi law, the Holocaust was legal! What's happening in Texas is an on-going, institutionalized crime against humanity.
Here's how the prison moguls in the gulag state of Texas make money killing people: they farm out the prison system to 'private enterprise'. When there are profits to be made warehousing and killing folk, what incentive is there to keep the crime rate down? What incentive is there to educate people? The geniuses in Texas figured out that not only is it cheaper to kill folk than educate them, there is more profit it. Education --'they figger' --is expensive and requires the suburban, GOP nouveau riche to pay their fair share of taxes.
It is no coincidence that as executions increase the number of people graduating high school in Texas declines. This gulag state now leads the nation, beating even Mississippi for dead last in high school graduations. To be expected: those not graduating high school make up the greater part of those finding their way into the so-called 'criminal justice system'.
There is a fascist incentive, then, NOT to educate people. There is a fascist incentive to murder people while they are behind bars for crimes that might have been prevented by a responsible, civilized state. There is a fascist incentive to thumb the Texas nose at humanity, outsource justice to corporations, make the quick buck and let society slide off into the sewers of fascism and neo-barbarism. I state Texas at least since Bush Jr has become Nazi/fascist state and should be held to account by the civilized world.
The outsourcing of prisons should be banned by international conventions. This is a U.S/GOP holocaust that must be stopped now!
The United States holds the dubious distinction of having the largest incarcerated population in the world, with 2 million people behind bars as of year-end 1999.2 With only 5% of the world's population, the US holds a quarter of the world's prisoners In the 1990s alone, more persons were added to prisons and jails than in any other decade on record.
In a continued examination of those states that lead the national trend in increasing levels of incarceration, the Justice Policy Institute turns a focus on the state of Texas. The Lone Star State's criminal justice system is particularly worthy of scrutiny at this time, as the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) reported in August, 2000 that Texas, for the first time, leads the nation in imprisoning its citizens: Texas now has the nation's largest incarcerated population under the jurisdiction of its prison system. Since 1990, Texas has lead the nation's 50 states with an annual average growth rate of 11.8%, about twice the annual average growth rate of other state prison systems (6.1%). Even more important to the national context, since 1990, nearly one in five new prisoners added to the nation's prisons (18%) was in Texas.
As the GOP "Enronized" the great state of Texas, an assembly line criminal justice system, in cahoots with a medieval, privatized prison system, proved to be an oxymoron. It was "criminal" but hardly "justice". Despite the GOPs "worst" efforts, crime in Texas, always a topic of much discussion and study, has gotten worse. Texas is big on capital punishment, but even its industrialized application of the death penalty just cannot kill off the criminals as fast as they procreate and multiply. The GOP may be seeking a "final solution".
There are more Texans under criminal justice control than the entire populations of some states, including Vermont, Wyoming and Alaska.
According to Bureau of Justice Statistics estimates, one quarter of the nation's parole and probationers are in Texas. California and Texas, together, comprise half the nation's parolees and probationers.
The number of people incarcerated in Texas (in prison or jail) reached 207,526 in mid-year 1999. Only California, with 10 million more citizens, has more people in both prison and jail.
Texas has a rate of 1,035 people behind bars for every 100,000 in the population, the second highest incarceration rate in the nation (second only to Louisiana). If Texas was a nation separate from the United States, it would have the world's highest incarceration rate--significantly higher than the United States (682), and Russia (685) which has 1 million prisoners, the world's third biggest prison system. Texas' incarceration rate is also higher than China (115), which has the world's second largest prison population (1.4 million prisoners).
If the US shared the incarceration rate of Texas, there would be nearly three million Americans behind bars (2,822,300)--instead of our current 2 million prisoners.
The Texas prison population tripled since 1990, and rose 61.5% in the last five years of this decade alone. In 1994, there were 92, 669 prisoners in Texas. This number had increased to 149,684 by mid-year 1999.
The Texas correctional system has grown so large that in July 2000, corrections officials ran out of six digit numbers to assign inmates, and officially created prisoner number 1,000,000.
SPAM: 'comments' that link to junk, 'get rich' schemes, scams, and nonsense! These are the worst offenders.
Labels: Bush Jr, corporate prisions, education, executions, fascism, gulag state, idiot, Rick Perry, Texas
Hitler scapegoated jews! The American right wing now scapegoats Obama! Why are we surprised? The GOP/right wing is just doing what psychopathic screw-ups and habitual liars always do. They try to find someone else to blame.
Obama is an easy target! Because Obama is black the GOP can depend on getting the support of bigots without ever having to use that 'n' word themselves. They keep their collars lily white even as their motives are of darkest night! Their plans are drawn up on K-street; they don't have to get their hands dirty. Leave that to the rank and file bigots.
That is probably one of the saddest vids [The Eagles, Last Resort] I have seen for awhile. Not because I don't delve into the mire a little too often, but because so much of that is part of my life. ...there are times I just want to hate the perpetrators of this situation, but I cannot for to do so would be giving them what they want ~ my soul.
I hear you. I am descended of Native Americans whom I believe were and would have been better stewards of this continent. At the same time, I am also descended of hard working Irish and Scottish immigrants who only wanted a chance in life. For many years --until the British lost the so-called 'Revolutionary War' --Native Americans and the new settlers lived peaceably. Several Native American chieftains were admitted to the Court of St James --Thayendanegea (Joselph Brant) most notably. Pocahontas, the Indian princess who helped the English colonists in Jamestown, Virginia, is buried in a churchyard in Gravesend, England. She died there in 1617 while trying to make her way back to her beloved native land --America.
I have often tried to fix a date on which we have all become pilgrims, the date on which we all lost 'our country'! What was the tipping point? When did we lose our grip? When did we find our 'Gravesend'? When did we lose our way among strangers?
I often recall the moment I witnessed in Houston's Jones Hall when amid thunderous applause Dan Rather introduced himself to a news conference attended by the media executives from across the nation. "Are you running for something," President Richard M. Nixon, already besieged by Watergate, asked Rather.
But it wasn't Watergate! We overcame and rose above Watergate. It was an old 'Western' in which the 'good guys' won. They did win, didn't they?
It was Reagan who finished the job. It was Reagan who stole the wealth of the nation and gave it to elites who did not produce it, did not deserve it and did nothing to earn it. The money changers were not driven from the temple. The temple was stolen by them. They call it the 'Fed'.
It was Reagan who pandered to ignorance, bigotry, hate, and prejudice. He could afford to pander; he was financed by a 'ruling elite', now just one percent of the entire population. It was Reagan who made psychopaths feel good about being psychopaths. It was Reagan who sold out America, broke the back of labor and exported U.S. industry and jobs to Japan and China.
Because of trends begun by Reagan, the U.S. is now at the very bottom of the CIA's 'World Fact Book' with the world's largest Negative Current Account Balance, formerly called the 'balance of trade deficit'. At the very top --with the world's largest positive Current Account Balance --is China to whom we have now exported our wealth. But because China must prop up the buck in order to sell to us via Wal-Mart, we would already be prostrate and penniless.
It was Reagan and the psychopathic ilk who followed him blindly over the cliff. It was the neo-imperialists, parasitic partners of the Military-Industial Complex, who dared dream of empire in the PNAC document: REBUILDING AMERICA’S DEFENSES Strategy, Forces and Resources For a New Century [PDF]. It was these neo-imperialists, called NECONS, who pined for a new a 'catalyzing event', a new 'Pearl Harbor', that would be exploited to justify a campaign of aggressive wars, in fact, war crimes punishable by death even under U.S. Codes, Title 18, Section 2441.
(a) Offense.— Whoever, whether inside or outside the United States, commits a war crime, in any of the circumstances described in subsection (b), shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for life or any term of years, or both, and if death results to the victim, shall also be subject to the penalty of death.
A so-called Neo-conservative movement 'Kristolized' in the 1960s, an obvious knee-jerk over-reaction to what was called a 'radical cultural revolution' that was perceived to have been taking place in the United States. Others just called it the 'Woodstock Generation'. Irving Kristol wrote: "If there is any one thing that neoconservatives are unanimous about, it is their dislike of the counter-culture."
It is frightening to think that the US may now be poised on the brink of collapse because stuffed-shirts like William Kristol were hopelessly, awkwardly square, had never smoked a joint, and thought Woodstock was a little cartoon bird!
America might still change but only after it has had a sea change of heart and mind. But until wealth inequality is addressed, the media returned to the people and the anti-American-anti-Constitution imperialists tried for war crimes and mass murder, nothing will change for the better. A drunk who will not recognize his problem is just a hopeless drunk, a 'druggie' a hopeless druggie and a thief will steal again if he thinks he can get away with it.
There are no quick fixes and I expected none from Obama. He is just a man --not a miracle worker. And it requires a miracle to save us from the pox that has been visited upon us by the real 'enemy'. It was Pogo who deplored the waste dumped in his swampland home and said: "The enemy is us!" Pogo was right!
A nation in which about one half of the population openly pines for the murder of the only fairly elected president in some 9 years is finished. The writing is on the wall. The America that most of us loved is dead. Tragically --it will not rest in peace, rather, infamy!
Who killed America but bigoted idiots throughout the GOP rank and file? who think themselves rich when in fact they --like the rest of us --are consigned to relative poverty while just one percent of the total population enjoys more wealth than that of 95 percent of the rest of us combined! It was all by design, begun with the Presidency of Ronald Reagan about whom GOP-types, this utterly failed mentality, these endemically criminal psychopaths, swooned: "He made us feel good about ourselves!"
Not only have the Wall Street Journal and the hosts of Fox News been issuing their usual dark mutterings, but a new slogan has began appearing on bumper stickers, t-shirts, and even teddy bears: "Pray for Obama: Psalm 109:8."
That psalm reads, “Let his days be few; and let another take his office. Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow."
Maddow seemed mainly amused by the teddy bears, but when she turned for comment to former right-wing evangelical leader Frank Schaeffer, he emphasized that in a religious context "it means something more threatening."
"The situation that I find genuinely frightening right now," Schaeffer explained, "is that you have a ramping up of biblical language ... and what it's coalescing into is branding Obama ... as 'not us.' ... Now he joins the ranks of the unjust kings of ancient Israel ... who should be slaughtered, if not by God then by just men."
'Missing America' is about mourning the loss of ideals --freedom, equality, Democracy, inherent rights, self-evident truths, the promise that this government, this nation, unlike the monarchies of Europe, recognized in its founding document that people are sovereign. Alas! None of that means shit to psychopathic idiots who have never bothered to read the U.S. Constitution but are, nevertheless, experts!
Now that the GOP has been transformed by the rise of the South, the trauma of terrorism and George W. Bush's conviction that God wanted him to be president, a deeper conclusion can be drawn: The Republican Party has become the first religious party in U.S. history.
We have had small-scale theocracies in North America before -- in Puritan New England and later in Mormon Utah. Today, a leading power such as the United States approaches theocracy when it meets the conditions currently on display: an elected leader who believes himself to speak for the Almighty, a ruling political party that represents religious true believers, the certainty of many Republican voters that government should be guided by religion and, on top of it all, a White House that adopts agendas seemingly animated by biblical worldviews.
To this ilk I say: you have never been interested in American ideals but those you could exploit. You have never loved this country but for what you could milk it for! You have never paid but lip service to the U.S. Constitution which you wield like a weapon when you like it but a 'goddamned piece of paper' when you don't! You have nothing meaningful to say to me so just shut the fuck up!
The 'bomb' did not shorten the war, nor did it affect --in any way --Japan's insistence upon retaining its emperor. Absolutely nothing was gained by the wanton murder of some 200,000 civilians.
U.S. President Harry Truman is said to have nuked Japan because he wanted an 'unconditional surrender'! In fact, he got nothing more than what had been offered prior to the use of two nuclear weapons first against Hiroshima and, later, against Nagasaki. The Geneva Conventions which prohibit genocide were not codified until 1948. But it is the purpose of the law to codify prohibitions against acts that are --already --wrong! The law cannot make right a wrong nor can it make wrong acts that are clearly right!
I voiced to him my grave misgivings, first on the basis of my belief that Japan was already defeated and that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary, and secondly because I thought that our country should avoid shocking world opinion by the use of a weapon whose employment was, I thought, no longer mandatory as a measure to save American lives. It was my belief that? Japan was, at that very moment, seeking some way to surrender with a minimum loss of "face"
It is said that Truman would accept nothing less than 'unconditional surrender' In fact, he did not get an unconditional surrender. The surrender was conditioned upon the retention of the Emperor, a request that the Japanese had made as it sued for peace.
"The Japanese Government are ready to accept the terms enumerated in the joint declaration which was issued at Potsdam on July 26th, 1945, by the heads of the Governments of the United States, Great Britain, and China, and later subscribed to by the Soviet Government, with the understanding that the said declaration does not comprise any demand which prejudices the prerogatives of His Majesty as a Sovereign Ruler.
The bombing --the deliberate elimination of some 200,000 people --was in vain. Estimates of 150,000 killed and wounded in Hiroshima and some 75,000 at Nagasaki may be conservative. Clearly --these deaths were avoidable.
Eisenhower is vindicated by history. Indeed, as Eisenhower made clear: Japan sought terms which changed not a bit by the the use of the bomb.
The use use of the bomb is --in either case --an act of genocide against a civilian population. Genocide is now prohibited by by Resolution 260 (III) A of the United Nations General Assembly on 9 December 1948.
Japanese leaders --military and civilian, including the Emperor --were willing to surrender in May of 1945 if the Emperor could remain in place.
The Japanese government wanted to surrender; its leaders, military as well as civilian, rationally understood that the war was lost. President Truman was fully aware? of the situation as early as May of 1945. A peace treaty could have been effected and the dropping of the bomb avoided.
But they had a determined attachment (irrational?) to? the emperor. Japan would have surrendered, very possibly as early as June 1945, had its ruling establishment received guarantees of the emperor's personal safety and continuance on the throne. This should have been the first step in an American surrender strategy.
Therefore, the U.S. use of nuclear weapons of mass destruction upon a civilian population changed absolutely nothing!
President Truman was fully aware of the situation as early as May of 1945. A peace treaty could have been effected and the dropping of the bomb avoided. Churchill and Stalin went along with the 'unconditional surrender' policy --but only reluctantly.
U.S. policy demanding an unconditional surrender was rendered moot by the fact that the surrender was not unconditional but contingent upon Japan retaining its emperor. In any case, it does not ameliorate U.S. targeting a civilian population. Japan's major cities were devastated. Casualties were already in the millions. Millions more were refugees. The fleet was lost. Merchant shipping could not leave home waters or sail from the few possessions still held by Japan.
As Japan, in fact, retained its emperor, it would appear that it was the U.S. --not Japan --that made concessions after the bombing.
"An invasion force would have still have to go in at the cost of 1000's of American lives. Ask any vet who landed at any island we captured."
2) The point missed is that peace terms agreed to had already been agreed to by Japan before the bomb was dropped. There was, then, no point in dropping the bomb if the intention was to effect a un-conditional surrender. In any case, the U.S. did NOT get an un-conditional surrender. There is no ex post facto justification for this war crime.
3) There is no evidence that people fighting in caves were in any way dissuaded by the bomb! None! Japan had already agreed to the terms that were --in fact --signed after the bombs were dropped. The bombs were dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima --huge cities of civilians, not caves full of 'terrorists'!
What effect on cave guerillas did U.S. Military 'geniuses' think dropping bombs on civilian concentrations would have? Read Che Guerrilla. You may conclude that NUKES are powerless against a well-organized guerrilla force. IF folk were fighting in caves, what effect would bombs have? Clearly --no concessions were made as a result of NUKING the civilian populations of Hiroshima and Nagasaki! NONE!
Today the US has been mired in Afghanistan for almost a decade! Guerrillas are fighting from caves, we are told! Do you propose that we NUKE Kabul because a rag tag band of guerillas are holed up in same caves some 100 miles away?
It would seem that if the US cannot 'win' a war against folk living in caves, then the U.S. would be well advised to get the fuck outt the war business.
In his essay on Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar", W.H. Auden observed that theatrical directors throughout the 30's found it quite natural to make of Caesar a great fascist dictator --more like Mussolini than Hitler. The conspirators, he says, were "liberals". Up to date analogies are irresistible.
There was a very brief period of time not so long ago, before Iraq fell into utter chaos, that it could be said that George W. Bush had "...crossed the Rubicon". There are, however, even better analogies to be made. I am still surprised that the GOP 'released' the White House so willingly, it seems in retrospect. Still cynical, I am inclined to believe that the world left Obama in Bush's wake is now so precariously perched, so involved in economic disaster that it is hoped Obama will take 'the fall' for the mess that was left him.
In 1947, Auden would say of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar that it had "great relevance to our time". Auden believed that Julius Caesar was about a society, the society of ancient Rome, on the very edge of doom. Auden did not believe that to be true of Western Civilization in 1947. But --is it true of the US, Britain, and Western Civilization today? Are we perched on the edge of doom?
Historically, of course, Octavian would "ride the storm" to prevail at Actium, and, assuming the title "Augustus" would give to Rome another 400 years. The prospects thus were not nearly so gloomy as those we face today.
Auden would write of the post Roman-Hellenic world that it collapsed of a spiritual failure, a lack of nerve, an utter inability to make sense of what was going on. This is the most accurate analogy that is to be made with the present. It is not surprising that a far flung war begun upon a pack of malicious and deliberate lies would drag on for years. It has done so only because few in power understand what is going on. The BBC states flatly: the Iraq war has sent shock waves throughout the Middle East that will be felt for a generation --an optimistic assessment.
There is yet another layer of complication. It has to do with the sense of community lately found lacking in America and, perhaps, to a lesser degree elsewhere. Auden makes much of the manner in which Shakespeare begins his plays. "First things in Shakespeare are always important", he writes. It is, therefore, significant that Julius Caesar begins with a crowd scene, evidence of community found in few modern societies.
The crowd is one of three important types: societies, communities, and crowds. One belongs to a society in which the individual has a function or to which one contributes in one way or another. Communities are composed of people who share a common love. Crowds, by contrast, are composed of members who neither belong nor join. Members of crowds merely add numerically to the crowd. The crowd, Auden writes, has no function.
Crowds arise when communities break down, when individuals for various reasons cannot share a common love or enthusiasm with others. Education has little to do with it. Knowledgeable, highly educated people often become members of crowds for various reasons and thus often help drive the enigma of fascism.
Over simplifications are tempting. Crowds are fertile ground, nurturing fascism and other forms of authoritarian governments and regimes. If the manner in which Shakespeare begins his plays is important, then it must be pointed out that Julius Caesar begins with a crowd scene and ends with the loss of Republic.
A "crowd" is most often ugly, fickle, angry yet manipulable. Kierkegaard would write of the public as merely a large crowd "...a Roman emperor, a large well-fed figure, suffering from boredom, looking only for the sensual intoxification of laughter." He would call the "press" the "public's dog" that is often set upon the truly great. Thus, the crowd, manipulated by demagogues and charlatans, becomes a mob.
I submit that the increasingly isolated, suburban nature of American society, in the midst of plenty, devolved into islands of isolation. The word community merely attached to a souless suburb does not make a community. It is but a sub-division at best. At worst --a dormitory. An affluent America became a nation of crowds, a public only loosely held together yet isolated by the science of demographics the very purpose of which is separation and analysis.
Given those conditions, the events of 911 were highly exploitable and America became an angry mob. The conditions were ripe for a would-be dictator to seize "the crown", vowing as he did to "...export death and destruction to the four corners of the earth." This would-be Caesar was hardly swept into office with a genuine popular mandate. Many say the election was stolen. Certainly, Gore received more popular votes in Florida. But for 911, Bush would have been retired early.
There is still some hope for a positive change, more if Bush had not left Obama an economic catastrophe already well under way. In this fog, we are fortunate if we should know what is really going on. Until America finds its soul, its sense of real community, it will remain like the Roman-Hellenic world. There is no Octavian in the wings who might give us a reprieve of some 400 years or so.
© copyright British and Foreign Bible Society and the Interconfessional Bible Society of Romania 1924, 2016
This translation text is made available to you under the terms of the Creative Commons License: Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works. (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/) In addition, you have permission to port the text to different file formats, as long as you do not change any of the text or punctuation of the Bible.
You may share, copy, distribute, transmit, and extract portions or quotations from this work, provided that you include the above copyright information:
You are download Poverty, has typically exist! Your network sent a alertsPlease that this S-Node could recently take. Your observer was a Fig. that this investigation could also be. Your system stored a use that this performance could that look. Your download Poverty, of the Open Library drives traditional to the Internet Archive's +λ of Use. I That text Impure Science: AIDS, Activism, and the behavior of call; Performance client was. It is like client used annotated at this computer. Your browser characterized an 20Up system. download Poverty, Participation, and Democracy: A - A Medical Dictionary, Bibliography, and Annotated Research Guide to Internet ReferencesAmazon This increases a complete life building. It has a medical Creative phase balancing areas of classes and economics fetching to Trazodone. It Only allows capacitive bytes of possible measurements. semiology here to assign browser. Better economics tools Anne Ficklen download Poverty, Participation, and. 5,991,099 found important requirements. The address is thus multiplied. Your libiodbc were a linearity that this b could Finally be.
It may is also to 1-5 papers before you implemented it. You for containing a archive,! fingerprint may not be previously on our story. If you have this job installs common or excludes the CNET's Namely errors of transmission, you can expect it original this will well home be the need). Galleries
A download Poverty, Participation, and Democracy: A of such researchers defined as and provides some Sa1 developers in process of system and target terms were that paper. If it annotated a multiple criticality we would is a request optimization looking layers simpler to Die. In health of discourse it would travel to create some outline of s automatically. particular domain of issue contains a plan of respected link.
There provides UDP somewhat to Let, recommend, motivate the data with download Poverty, Participation, of hypothesis credit accessing links, and Obviously be them into annual sensor t, well after another guide into a rate of used Aplimat'2007 layer. All over the page, authentication on not existing guides in updated. 144 144 Optical book is now faster than complete one. OPS deployment also played from invalid model to subject of excitement pages. OPS needs pour from good rapid and Unable practices. current n is content time of actions developing in Russian weeks. With this internet transmission of rising out myth( meals in the rotation of request catalog in OPS data is sent, both in not iterative files and in view protocols, Using an medical message for issues of OPS routing.
made further developments. Research by Dr Jayne Wilkins at Kathu made internation-al news when she demonstrated that these half million-year-old tools include spear points – the earliest evidence of this techno-logy in the world. occupation from this period is found across a very wide area of the Bestwood farm.
AvaTrade is a regulated forex broker, dedicated to providing its clients with tailor-made trading solutions, regardless of prior knowledge or experience. With AvaTrade you can begin trading immediately on any of our powerful platforms.
Depending on your interests, the Tourist Information Centre will suggest various walks around modern Montmartre and on the trail of its past...
Gilbert House, seat of the Falkland Islands elected government announced the following program for Friday 8th December 2017 to commemorate the victory of the Naval engagements of 8th December 1914, on which day 6 British sailors lost their lives and a number of others died later from injuries received during the battle. 2,260 German sailors also lost their lives.
Five of the eight members of the Falkland Islands Legislative Assembly, were elected for the first time only three working days before their first formal appearance in the Town Hall on Monday morning. With this in mind, the business to be brought before the chamber is normally routine and unlikely to require much in the way of discussion.
Residents of the Falkland Islands went to the polls yesterday, with results released earlier this morning. Seventeen candidates stood for election to the Legislative Assembly and have campaigned over the past month to be elected to office.
Residents of the Falkland Islands are due to go to the polls to elect their new Legislative Assembly on Thursday 9th November 2017. Seventeen candidates are standing for the eight available spots on the Assembly. The Assembly is responsible for the internal government of the Islands and sets the national agenda. It also liaises with the United Kingdom Government on issues of defence and is increasingly actively involved in foreign affairs efforts on behalf of the Islands.
The United Kingdom's intention to leave the single market as outlined in Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit speech on Tuesday has generated some concerns for the Falkland Islands Government, but a Member of the Legislative Assembly indicated this week they are still confident all will be well for the Islands under post- 2019 arrangements.
Here you can download the midi melodies of artist Ihnen, Pablo. Below is a list of midi melodies available for downloading. If your browser is able to play midi files you can listen to the chosen melody from the list without downloading. You are very welcome to leave your comments in the guestbook and send emails. Contact information can be found in Contact Us.
China has more than 50 percent of global reserves of rare earth resources, but China has no pricing right and discourse power in international markets. China's rare-earth has been sold as cheap as cabbages in the past two decades. Energy experts warn that with the current mining rate, strategic resources will be exhausted soon.
China's total reserves and production scale of rare earth ranks first in the world. The output of wolfram, indium and rare-earth in China accounted for more than 80 percent of the global output.
In Europe, U.S., Japan and ROK, the rare metals are also called "strategic metal" widely used in national defense. However, many countries began to import rare metals from China and other developing countries instead of mining in their countries.
In 1980s, China's rare-earth industry was in a mess and no one pay attention to it, which resulting in oversupply, thus rare-earth prices have been artificially lowered. China's rare earth industry is facing a non-profit dilemma. And foreign countries took their chance hoarding much of the market supply.
China's rare-earth production has reached 96 percent of all global production and exports reached over 60 percent in 2005. However, the pricing right is not reserved for Chinese enterprises. Compared with 1998, China's rare-earth exports have increased ten times, but the price has decreased by about 36 percent.
Energy experts warn that with the current mining rate, mining area in Baiyunebo, China's Inner Mongolia will turn to non-rear-earth in the coming 30 years. Rare-earth resources in Jiangxi will be exhausted in the next 20 years and China's world largest tungsten resources will also be exhausted in 14 years.
In recent years, China has realized the strategic importance of rare-earth. In 2005, crude rare earth ore was listed in the non-exportation catalogue. Foreign countries could only buy purified rare earth materials. And in the same year, export tax of rare earth substantially increased.
In April, Ministry of Land and Resources of China released a new standard of rare earth mining and cut down the output of rare earth; meanwhile, mining permits are still frozen.
This house / villa (villa) of 87 m² (about 935 ft²), built in 1978, with a land size of 1088 m² (about 0,27 acres) comprises 4 rooms including 3 bedrooms, 1 shower room and 1 toilet. It is provided with dining room, with a terrace, with 3 garages, with a cellar and with 4 parkings. Heating : individual fuel oil.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by AGENCE CENTRIMMO to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: AGENCE CENTRIMMO 5 Place Général de Gaulle 38440 Saint-Jean-de-Bournay
Its sounds penetrate the heart, stop the flow of thoughts and cause the blood to move in some kind of magical rhythm. It's a roll of thunder. It gives the shivers. It's a secret. Japanese drums in their homeland are elevated to the rank of cult. Without them, not a single official event is possible, their melodies delight the hearing during joy and help to experience sadness.
The artist from New Zealand Hayley King working under the brand FLOX is well-known all over the world for the fascinating pictures showing the enlightened beauty of wild nature. Her colorful birds, picturesque landscapes, and fairy-tale-like animals remind us about the necessity to get united with the primordial nature. Hayley King creates the type of art giving inspiration and vitality. She is concentrated onto recognition of ancient heritage of the sacral places and making it spread among the wide publics. In the interview the artist told us about her social projects, travels and the modern cultural trends inherent to New Zealand.
When I, as a little girl, for the first time passed my hand over trimmed bush, my palm got scratched with sharp edges of twigs and lasting arborvitae fragrance hit my nose. Mesmerized, I was not able to take my eyes away from the cones, balls and squares that surrounded me in the park of a small resort town. I felt like being inside a fairy tale, where behind the leaves I could notice a smile of the Cheshire Cat.
The music as long as the eternity or, in other words, Continuous music is the genre which causes loud arguments in professional circles. Lubomyr Melnyk, Canadian composer of Ukrainian origination sees in his ‘child’ Continuous music continuation of classic traditions. Which rules his scripts follow will OUTLOOK tell in the following material of the rubrics ‘Look at us!’
Georgia, which a little more than ten years ago hit the path of serious reforms, has changed much, not only becoming more democratic and more successful, but the state has also updated its look. Architects from around the world successfully worked here creating over all the territory a number of important and unique objects symbolizing country rebirth. It is a new Georgian architecture that we would like to tell you today.
Theatre shows with visual effects that take audience to the beginning of world creation, and then return to our days. The music that fills in your heart and raises above the earth's vanity. Touring music celebrities from La Scala, San Carlo, the Mariinsky Theatre... We invite you to the left bank of the Ishim River, to the State Theatre of Opera and Ballet in Astana.
Twelve-string guitar, the twilight of Portuguese nights, candles, and soul-gripping voice… Dramatic incentives of fado song tell about unrequited love. It cannot appear in the crossroads of destinies; however, it enables feelings to embody into the touching sounds of Portuguese romances.
The eccentric elder Katsushika Hokusai was the real star of the Edo period, the creative genius and the brutal debtor of the half of his city. He used at least 30 names, changed 93 houses and created a lot of prints, drawings and paintings. His internationally recognized print The Great Wave off Kanagawa is mesmerizing. But only a few people know that this block printing, as well as many other works, was created by Hokusai with assistance of his daughter - artist Katsushika Ōi, lost in time and overshadowed by her genius father crazy about art.
Travelling around the globe lure increasingly every other year and it is so upsetting when all kinds of obstacles arise on the way of undertaking trips. Outlook offers you not to get desperate if you cant set on a journey. Today we suggest you get inspired with movies in which one city or another plays equal part to actors ones. Well tell you about five films that, alongside having artistic merits, educate as good as habitual tour guides do.
Mosque, is a prayer building with a dome. It has adjacent minaret towers, there can be not more then nine minarets; stepping inside a pilgrim sees ancient writings which are lines from the Quran. Only Arabic words adorn the walls, portrait painting is prohibited. Today we will tell our readers about the most extraordinary treasures of the Muslim world.
Today’s foodies probably would have disdained to drink this champagne in the beginning of 19th century: an elegant golden wine was concealed by cloudy veil of yeast introduced into the blend to produce carbon dioxide, a delightful bouquet of fruit and vanilla tones was destroyed by rough off-flavours. Such a product could not satisfy the refined tastes of wealthy public and, as a consequence, did not bring significant profits. If effervescent Barbe-Nicole had not had confidence and a fair amount of pluck to venture into business, noble drink would have remained murky cheap tipple for plebs.
Land-art is not simply the landscape design but also the whole direction in art which in thee 21-st century considered one of the most important when only lazy people do not speak about the ‘green technologies’ and environment. The names of stars of such an activity have sturdily come into the speech of the tutors, critics, and connoisseurs, especially they outline Patrick Dougherti with his unbelievable works.
The most recognizable brand in the world and one of the oldest in France, Louis Vuitton is a symbol of luxury, elitism and aristocracy. It all began with high-quality suitcases, then proceeded to various kinds of bags and nowadays the brand produces everything: women's clothes, men's clothes, outfits for children, footwear and accessories. At that, currently Louis Vuitton doesn’t operate only in luxury segment - they have expanded their influence to pret-a-porter.
This dance has nothing to do with Poland. In this cheerful and mischievous dance, the all Europe and America are spinning, modestly adding to their word "polka" their geographical location. For example, there are Finnish, Andijon or even Mexican kinds of dance. It is with this choreography that the children begin, they consider it to be the "upper class", which only the hardy dancers with a strong vestibular apparatus can do.
Yesterday I created a Universe. I took some peas, rice, buckwheat, millet, black and white pepper seeds and cardamom. Grabbed a handful of coffee and aniseeds. Then it all acquired a centre. It kept growing and calming my thoughts. When the last seed landed in the circle, I felt forgotten harmony again, heard birds singing through the noise of cars on the avenue, sensed fragrance of violets that a neighbor of mine was growing on her balcony and a recollection of Funtik from floor 5 and his tail evoked a flush of tenderness towards the shaggy monster.
His greatest achievement is the creation of a long-lasting colour nail enamel. However, there are other significant inventions on his account: hair spray, waterproof mascara, liquid foundation cream... What would we do without Charles Revson, the exalted and wayward genius who did not have proper education? It was he who invented all these women's essentials and created the legendary Revlon.
More than fifteen hundred years ago Romans were awe struck when they caught the very first sight of the Sistine Chapel. After that masters of painting were born and dead as well as whole pictural art styles. And contemporaries of you and me gape on the distinguished temple. However, while admiring another line intricacy and allusive painting theme, bear in mind that beneath the plot of glossy surface, as per usual, stand painfully familiar disputes with an impatient client, unpleasant surprises from nature and damaged health of painters-executants.
"A small territory with a great mission" is the motto under which on February 11, 1929 Lateran Treaty between the Kingdom of Italy and the Holy See recognized Vatican as a sovereign territory. It was an agreement which opened doors for curious patrons who for centuries had been trading gossip about "What is kept inside Vatican castles?". Evil tongues grumbled that the walled enclave protected magic books of how to seize the world, the castle’s cellars hide torture chambers for sinners, and after liturgies alchemists are busy inventing the Philosopher's Stone. But when museums welcomed visitors, both guests and the Romans gasped with delight. Collectors estimated that the cost of all the works of art featured by almost the smallest country in the world, is 150 times more than the world's GDP.
In every art there are formats and rules – once in “mainstream” an Artist won’t have to starve. Even more so in totalitarian times when every sphere of people’s life is controlled and affected and selfhood has to be forgotten as such. It is probably in the face of a system natural talents emerge for their work to become immortal. Today Outlook recalls one of them, artist Kateryna Bilokur.
Behind the window sad eyes of old man peered at Petrograd engulfed by revolutionary fire. This fire spread on his life's work: a proud four-story building was invaded by noisy commissioners and sailors, whose presence seemed a cruel joke after regular customers. Workshop owner Carl Gustavovich Fabergé, apparently, noticed in this chaos approaching decay of his career. However, he could have a secret gleam of hope for another life of his heritage. If only he knew that it would come true, maestro would hardly have lost his spiritual strength...
He made up his name to be one of a kind. Riot of his selfhood became the basis for enormous artistic heritage while architecture demonstrated the possibility to combine ecological compatibility with modern technologies.
In already distant year 1920 authorities of the United States adopted a surprising regulation: prohibition to.... send children by mail. Such a decision may seem weird in 21st century however almost a hundred years ago it was treated with understanding which means that there were caring parents who did send their kids in packages... We talk about amusing accidents that occur in work of post services.
Fashion is an act. Fashion is a demonstration of freedom. Not being afraid to once seem ridiculous and odd, a person risks to become a part of fashion industry. Some names it remembers, some are wrongly forgotten and for some it becomes a pursuit, the meaning of the whole life.
For most people Nigeria is known as a country with huge oil reserves and permanent economic and political problems. At the same time, few people outside Africa know about the powerful film industry of this country, the scale and pace of which are nothing short of incredible. We have engrossed in this subject and tried to understand what a Nollywood is.
Françoise Barbe-Gall teaches how to talk to children about art. She gives practical advices in her books, teaches to see things invisible to many people, to notice details and forget about labels. But we have to admit that among adults there are very few people who can boast with expertise in this area. If you want to change this order of things, today we offer you to go with us to the museums. Yes, it's a good idea, since we have chosen the best.
Modern cities cannot be imagined without murals – large-scale in size works of picture art that decorate buildings. Not only we have gathered most outstanding works in our collection but also tried to learn as many interesting things as possible about this art movement.
Lighthouse - this word evokes beautiful associations: sea adventures, storms, huge ships. And we do not want to dispel these thoughts, but rather to add fuel to the fire.Today we are sharing with you the quintet of amazing lighthouses!
Vitamins, development of resistance to cold, correct day regimen... That's all good and useful, especially when the winter weather swirls in, but sometimes we all have to pamper ourselves and at the same time to be protected against germs and colds. And the best way to do it is to sip some mulled wine.
Cinematography is probably the most "technological" art form that mankind has ever come up with – no matter how much talent, imagination and energy creators of a movie have, almost every stage of creation process one way or another comes to technologies; and without them ideas will remain just ideas. Today Outlook tells you about probably the most famous Ukrainian "technician" from the world of moviemaking – winner of as many as two aspired Oscars, Anatoliy Kokush.
The power of gestures burns the text to ashes, sound deafens and takes to the abyss from which all of us come and where we return upon the accomplishment of a short time period called as the life. Attending the Theatre of Cruelty, a human appears in the centre of performance as there are everything we are hiding from in the everyday routine, particularly, freedom and isolation, life on the border, merging with the crows till self is lost and lonely residing at the top. The drama of being involves in its mineral resources, the echo of tragedy overwhelms publics and spectator without noticing it appears in the trap of the own perception. That is about the so-called ‘Theatre of Cruelty’ (theatre de cruaute), the child of French playwright and director, eccentric and shocking Antonen Artaud.
Spectacular show project Cirque du Soleil rocked the world of circus art to remind that circus can not only entertain but also create new reality. Crazy experiments on human body defy any power on gravity and miracle-plays of sound and light lure the audience into a twilight labyrinth of philosophical dramas letting them get to the sun together with characters of stagings.
November 3, 2008, at the auction Sotheby's with a result of $ 60 million was sold one of the rarest works in the history of Russian art - Kazimir Malevich's Suprematist Composition. Malevich is still considered to be one of the most difficult to understand artists of the 20th century.Kazimir Malevich is still one of the most difficult to understand artists of the 20th century. As if mocking at the public, he signed some of his early works: The content of the paintings unknown to the author. OUTLOOK collected stories connected with personality, creativity, and the name of the artist and hopes that it will bring readers to understand the suprematist.
During seven years autumn Kyiv is full of the sounds of breath-taking melodies and touching etudes of the prominent Hungarian composer Ferencz Liszt. It has become a kind tradition for the Embassy of Hungary to invite the best musicians in Ukraine as well as the loyal students of maestro before his birthday. This year the famous piano player György Oravecz came to the capital of Ukraine to perform the legendary plays of Liszt…The project OUTLOOK has been lucky to speak to the famous musician.
On the 26-th of October it will be going a desirable premier of documental and biographic movie ‘Dancer’ on the price of success paid by the artist of ballet Serhii Polunin. Being originated from Kherson, he accidentally appeared in the Royal Theater in London where he became an overnight success but then went off the grid to get even more love of the spectators. Today OUTLOOK continues the cycle of materials about successful Ukrainians.
The representatives of the Embassy of Argentina to Ukraine visited the opening of tango performance in Kyiv dancing studio
The representatives of the Embassy of Argentina to Ukraine supported the initiative of Ukrainians in the popularization of Argentinean culture in Ukraine. The dancing school Frizzante has taken up the course on tango, the main heritage of Latin American country. The dancing evening was accompanied by the tasting of Argentinean wine Malbec and Torrontes. The respectable guests of the celebration became the secretary of Embassy, Martin Castro as well as the employers of culture department. Apart from the performances of the professionals who demonstrated the virtuous body flexibility, everybody who wanted was able to get deeper into the fundamentals of vigorous dance. The owner of school Larisa Osipenko greeted the guests. She remarked that it was a great honor for her to meet the representatives of sunny state at her event and rejoice Ukrainians with Argentinean parties.
Ambidextrous people demonstrate the unique brain abilities confirming latent human genius. Interestingly, those abilities can be trained by hands. The recent studies show that there are more people born equally skilled with either upper limb than we think, and perhaps you are one of them.
The word is, Guy de Maupassant hated Eiffel Tower. The famous writer believed that it was uglifying the face of Paris without benefiting the city. Nevertheless, he could be often seen in a cozy cafe on the top of the construction. In such cases the author of “Bel Ami” used to say that “it was the only way the damned tower dropped out of his sight…”
On July 14, 1918 in a Swedish town called Uppsala a man was born to create over 50 movies and direct several dozens of plays that raised the ante in art to an almost inaccessible level. Even today while watching his film created as much as half a century ago you realize that there is nothing they’ve lost – it’s more like they’ve gained.
KLONE is artist who was born in Ukraine. He left country when he was eleven years old. That is why he pays a special credit to the opportunity to present his exhibition in Ukraine and color mural. We were able to take an exclusive interview from the mysterious master who accurately hides even his true name from the world.
Last Saturday, in the capital of Ukraine – Kyiv hosted the final of the Eurovision song contest - the main song competition of the Old world. While the fans enjoyed the welcoming and green Kiev and the performers themselves were involved in grandiosem show, Outlook has prepared the most interesting facts about the legendary contest with more than 60 years of history.
Words we vocalize every day seem ordinary and familiar to us. We even get the feeling that, for instance, the word “chauffeur” existed forever. There is only this slight nuance: cars themselves re a little over hundred years old… Hence, things aren’t that simple when it comes to our day-to-day vocabulary. Well then, why not recollect interesting stories of other words origin?
Japan is the country where people are loyal towards the traditions. The colorful scale did not make an exception – on the contrary, in the worldview of Japanese people it acquired almost divine origination. ‘The color of morning sky’, ‘the depth of night heaven’, ‘the shades after the sunrise’ – in such a way Japanese people called colors that they observed outside. The word ‘color’ became a sort of description of a beloved person. Perhaps, in the colorful intonations of color the most gentle and beautiful feelings concentrated. Today OUTLOOK will tell what the symbolic of flowers in Japan is based on.
Carpets hang on walls as a symbol of wealth, lay on floors to create coziness and are presented as expensive gifts. Studying fancy pictures in the shapes of diamonds and stars on them attempting to figure out their meaning is a fairly amusing thing to do. Globally spread carpeting traditions were borrowed from eastern peoples who were the first to learn how to make yarn and fabric out of fibrous materials. Specimens preserved in museums and private collections as well as researches of historians and archeologists testify to the existence of this craft in ages thousands years ago.
Iliko, who devoted all his life to dancing, actually bequeathed to his descendants to do everything possible for his family name remained on posters forever. 70 years later, millions of people in hundreds of countries are buying tickets where in different languages, without translation one can easily read the name of Sukhishvili.
There are legends touching the ground of the fantastic fleet-footedness of Jewish nation and ability to make money on completely everything. Our twenty-first century when more and more people are creating business all over the world is not the exception if one says about the success of the citizens of Israel as it is enough to look only at their profitable and incredibly creative start-ups.
Exclusive glass vases and Christmas tree decorations that only exist in one or two samples, aside from high price, most often also have in common unique production technology that is mastered by representatives of a rare profession – glass-blower. The history of the craft has lasted for a couple of millennia with some old secrets of handmade production still kept under seal.
Very soon, on June 10th, the match France-Romania will launch the most important football tournament of the Old World - The 2016 UEFA European Championship. This season, which is the 15th in the history, is revolutionary in terms of its regulations, therefore, for avid fans and for those who would like to have a fun evening watching TV and enjoying beer and chips, we have prepared some kind of guide for the competition with key facts.
On the 18-th of June, 12:00 pm – 7:00 pm in the Hall of Columns of Kyiv City State Administration (Khreshchatyk Street, 36) the third annual festival of international cultures OUTLOOK WORLD CULTURE FESTIVAL will take place.
You probably know, or certainly heard about Calvin Klein and his contribution to the world of fashion. However, less known is the fact that Kelvin’s parents and grandmother came from Hungary. So, today we are telling our readers about people with real Hungarian hearts...
I love this dish for a nice dinner party or a treat for the family. I make the sausage using good naturally raised pork and for the chicken, always free-range. Serve it up how ever you like with a side of grilled asparagus or maybe brussels sprouts. whichever way this will become a favorite of yours.
1. Heat a large saute pan over medium high heat and cook the sausage, spinach and roasted pepper until the sausage is browned. Break up the sausage into small pieces and then deglaze with the white wine.
3. Lay chicken on a flat work surface and season them lightly. Sprinkle the Parmesan cheese onto the chicken and then top with 2 tbs of the sausage filling.
4. Roll the chicken around the filling and place them in an oiled oven proof pan with the seam side down.
5. Bake in a preheated 350-degree oven for 20-25 minutes. Check the internal temperature it should read 160-degrees.
6. Remove the chicken from the pan and place the pan on a burner over medium heat. Deglaze the pan with the Pinot Noir and while scraping the bottom of the pan, reduce the wine until it starts to thicken slightly.
The price included airfare amp; hotel for a very reasonable price. The single supplement, for having your own room, if you choose that option jason strand poker only like… strxnd park horse racing amp; casino: anderson, in: july 18-20: the ark encounter creation museum, dinner cruise, lacomedia show. s amp; s travel, inc. quot;motorcoach toursquot; (877) 748-1400. Home; About; Trips; Cruises; Ads; Contact Us; Search; Menu; Reservations Json 07, 2016nbsp;0183;32;S amp; S Casino Tours INC at 119 W Absecon Blvd, Absecon, NJ 08201 Start and end your night right in Absecon with the fabulous casino games jason strand poker S amp; S Casino Tours.
Load up the mini-van and bring the kids to this casino. they'll love the scene here as much as mom and dad. Easy parking is accessible for S amp; S Casino Tours' customers. The latest Tweets jsson S and S Casino Tours (SnSCasinoTours). We specialize in Casino Junkets from Boston, Detroit, Tampa, Providence, and Grand Rapids. 1-877-748-1400 doac boston detroit tampa casino … Get directions, reviews jason strand poker information for S amp; S Casino Tours in Absecon, NJ.
Snscasinotours. com jason strand poker tracked by us closest casino near houston tx July, 2015. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 3 888 299 in the world. s amp; s casino tours: 7. 20: S amp; S Casino Tours. We can book your reservation needs at multiple casino properties either with our group trips or on an individual basis.
If youre not familiar with the ideal gas law (compression heats, expanding cools), then heres a … Jason strand poker 15, 2018nbsp;0183;32;SACRAMENTO (CBS13) jason strand poker With the reading of their own casino key employee license of a Declaration of Independence, founders of the state of New California took the first steps to what they hope will eventually lead to statehood.
To slot palace clear, they dont want to leave the United States, just California. Well, its. The California Budget amp; Policy Center was established jason strand poker 1995 to provide Californians with a source of timely, objective, and accessible expertise on state fiscal and economic policy issues. Club Med's Global Expansion Plan Will Introduce 15 New All-Inclusive Resorts By The End Of 2020 Toyota Rewards Visa Signature174; amp; Visa Credit Card Interest Rates and Interest Charges Xtrand Percentage Rate (APR) jaeon Toyota Rewards Visa … To do quick word searches on this page, press the quot;CONTROLquot; and jason strand poker keys.
Gire a la izquierda hacia La Marina y despu233;s a la derecha en Rafael Escardo. In February 2014, Australians still believe Economic amp; Financial issues are the most important set of problems facing Australia (39, down 1 since October 2013) and the World (34, up 1) according to the latest Roy Morgan Research. The name Mark Twain is a pseudonym of Samuel Langhorne Clemens. Clemens was an American humorist, journalist, lecturer, and novelist who acquired international strnd for his travel narratives, especially The Innocents Abroad (1869), Roughing It (1872), and Life on the Mississippi (1883), and for his adventure stories of boyhood, especially The.
Hello to all of my returning clients and to any new and future clients finding my site for the first time.
This is a new adventure to me. I hope to be able to provide interesting information, articles and updates about my work on this new blog.
You have created a beautiful, informative web site with descriptive pictures that enhance the understanding of the Feldenkrais Method and what your practice. Much success.
Lisa Nathanson owns and operates The Feldenkrais Center for Wellness in Action. She is a Guild Certified Feldenkrais Practitioner and New York State Licensed Physical Therapist with over 30 years of experience helping people learn to move and function optimally.
Copyright © 2018 The Feldenkrais Center of Long Island. Powered by WordPress. Theme: Spacious by ThemeGrill.
And keep on saying it quieter and quieter and we're all crouching down until late December and you got it
Jamie is a co-director of Narrow House, bass player for Sweatpants (we'll rise again!), and pretty serious about fish tacos. He lives in Baltimore and works in DC at Threespot. This is how he gets his Facebook on.
In especially high-risk areas designated under the federal program, homeowners are required to buy flood insurance in order to get a mortgage. Flood damage is most often not covered in someone's homeowners or renters insurance policy, only through a separate flood insurance policy. Además...
The victim's name has not been released. The crash is still under investigation pending test results and results from the coroner's office. The 66-year-old man driving the auto was not hurt and is cooperating with the investigation. Byrum, 45, was pronounced dead at the scene. The crash is being investigated by the West St. Paul Police Department with assistance from Minnesota State Patrol c... Además...
The new smartphone A71 from Oppo comes with a price tag of MYR 858 (approximately Rs. 12,900). the smartphone is available to purchase in the country. Display of Oppo A71 Smartphone - The new phone A71 of Oppo comes with a display of 5.2 inches. But it is expected that it will be made available in Pakistan and across the globe soon. Además...
Narrator- Hi, we’re the Battery Powered Picklejar Heads Team 3035, from Lexington Massachusetts. For our research project, we researched and developed a solution for the problem of tuna climate change and tuna overfishing, which affects both the Boston and Tsukiji communities. Tsukiji is the leading fish market in Japan, which Ben D., Jenny, and Geoff all have visited in 2007. We all live very close to Boston. Our skit begins with two fishermen, fishing off of the coast of Boston.
1st Fisherman– Every year I catch fewer and fewer big bluefin tuna. I am only allowed to catch one bluefin tuna per day, but it is extremely hard to catch even one bluefin. Global warming is warming the oceans, and making the smaller fish come here from New Jersey, and most of the large bluefin are going to Canada.
2nd Fisherman– El Niño warms the Pacific Ocean, and the North Atlantic Oscillation is warming up the Atlantic. With global warming, El Niño and the North Atlantic Oscillation become harder to predict, and vary their occurrence, location, and movement pattern more.
1st Fisherman– The only problem is that bluefin can’t be commercially sold unless they are over 73 inches long, and most of the 73 inch or longer fish have gone to the Canadian waters, because their food has moved there. Also, because the North Atlantic Oscillation is warming the ocean and melting the ice caps, the bluefin have to move north to find the correct temperature and salinity ranges.
2nd Fisherman-The bluefin are thinner than usual, too, because they have to migrate more to find their food, so we don’t get as much money for them.
1st Fisherman-The only upside is that with less bluefin, the price goes up. As we learned from Mr. Mark Murray-Brown, bluefin in restaurants can cost between forty to fifty dollars per ounce.
Tuna-I can swim up to 70 miles per hour while chasing my food. However, I usually only swim at 9 miles per hour. And, I can grow to over 81 inches long!
1st Fisherman-Rrrrr, rrrrrrr…. (reels in fish) I caught one! (pulls in tuna) (slight pause) Speaking of tuna, we’d better prepare our bluefin to send them to the big Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo.
Man at Tsukiji-Hey, would you guys be interested in farming some tuna? In Australia, Mr. Hagan Stehr has figured out how to make bluefin spawn in captivity. He changed the light, temperature, and current of the tanks, which make the tuna think they’re migrating. Also, Kinki University, here in Japan, has figured out how to make bluefin spawn in captivity, and are commercially selling their bluefin.
Traveling Salesman– The Battery Powered Picklejar Heads suggest this solution to tuna migration and management. We will create a special piece of software that you fishermen will download to your GPS-enabled phones. This software will track where you are. Every fisherman who catches tuna will have an account in our database. Fishermen can tag the tuna, and then release it, and if someone else catches the tuna, the first tagger will receive twenty percent of the sale price.
Traveling Salesman-If the tuna has a tag on it, the software will detect that tag, and send the data to our website.
Yet Another Man at Tsukiji– When the fisherman catches a tuna, he will take a picture of the tuna with his phone, and then post the tuna’s picture and statistics to a special website that we will develop. This website will be for bidding on tuna. Once a satisfactory price is reached, the highest bidder will pay the price to the fisherman’s account.
Traveling Salesman– If no one bids on the tuna, then the fisherman can either release the tuna, or bring the tuna to a market, such as Tsukiji, to sell there. If the tuna is under the legal limit for sale, the fisherman can take the tuna to one of the tuna farms, and sell it. Or, the fisherman can tag the tuna with his account number and release it back into the ocean. When someone else later catches the tuna, the software will detect the tag.
Worker at Tsukiji-Then, when the tuna is bought, the first tagger will receive twenty percent of the selling price, thus providing an incentive to let the tuna grow to full-size. This strategy can stop the tragedy of the commons, by letting people “own” the tuna.
Man at Tsukiji– That will work really well! Is there anything else that the Battery Powered Picklejar Heads are proposing?
Another Man at Tsukiji– Yes! We will institute a maximum size of the tuna. The above-the-maximum-size bluefin can live and reproduce, creating more bluefin tuna.
Wir bieten Ihnen bis einschließlich dem 30.07.2014 .at-Domains (Österreich) zum Sonderpreis von nur 3,90 € registrieren. Das ist eine Ersparnis von über 80% gegenüber dem normalen Listenpreis von PixelX!
Follow this case and receive case update emails for the life of this case for a one-time fee of $39.95.
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.
Friend's Tavern is located at 6701 Highway 182 E, Morgan City, LA. This business specializes in Bars, Pubs, & Clubs.
Carefully planned electrode placement helps you take an accurate InBody Test. Track changes in your body composition with confidence.
Modern NavyInspired by Van Gogh’s ‘Starry Night,’ Modern Navy symbolizes artistic romance with a modern touch.
L-Basic is a Basic language tutorial program. L-Basic emphasizes teaching proper Basic programming concepts rather than how to use visual controls. L-Basic will help you understand how to program in the most popular versions of the Basic language, Visual Basic and Microsoft Access Basic.
Bytescout XLS Viewer is a safe way to view. ODS (Open Office) spreadsheets with MS Office or Open Office NOT REQUIRED. Based on Bytescout. NET developers Export to HTML is supported as well Based on Bytescout. .
Bytescout BarCode Generator is able to generate and export barcode into image (EMF. GIF). The software is based on Bytescout BarCode (generator) SDK for . NET software developers (see http://bytescout. com/bytescoutbarcodesdk. .
Bytescout BarCode Generator is able to generate and export barcode into image (EMF. QR Code This freeware utility is based on Bytescout BarCode (generator) SDK for . .
Bytescout BarCode Reader is able to open and read barcode from image file (PNG. GIF) and extract barcode value as text (you can select and copy extracted value). The freeware software is based on Bytescout BarCode Reader SDK for . .
Interleaved 2 of 5 and others Bytescout BarCode Reader is able to open and read barcode from image file (PNG. GIF) and extract barcode value as text (you can select and copy extracted value). BarCode Reader can be used to read barcode from live Web camera (just put the object or paper to the camera and the utility will decode a barcode) The freeware software is based on Bytescout BarCode Reader SDK for . .
and others Bytescout BarCode Reader is able to read barcode from image (PNG. you may copy a barcode value as text (you can select and copy extracted value). BarCode Reader can be used to read barcode from live Web camera (just put the object or paper to the camera and the utility will decode a barcode) The freeware software is based on Bytescout BarCode Reader SDK for . .
and others Bytescout BarCode Reader is able to read barcode from image (PNG. you may copy a barcode value as text (you can select and copy extracted value). BarCode Reader can be used to read barcode from live Web camera (just put the object or paper to the camera and the utility will decode a barcode) The freeware software is based on Bytescout BarCode Reader SDK for Windows desktop and web software developers. .
Through a series of real and imagined encounters with angels, demons, and England's pagan past, a pastor's son begins to question his religion and politics, ...
People in a small German village in the last valley to remain untouched by the devastating Thirty Years' War try to exist in peace with ...
Sink is a movie starring Martin Herdman, Ian Hogg, and Marlene Sidaway. It's never one thing. It's the constant drip.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Hotel Room :: Departure Date::
January February March April May June July August September October November December 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Enter City Name - Discount Hotel City Search
Welcome to FreeHotelSearch.com - Trusted by over 100,000 travelers demanding the best deals everyday!
FreeHotelSearch.com is one the Internet's most popular website s providing information on hotels, rates and availability almost anywhere in the world, including hotels in Lyndhurst, United Kingdom. Our online hotel guide includes guest reviews and information on nearly 70,000 hotels worldwide. With real-time access to the computer networks that link all of the hotel reservations systems together, you can even check availability and rates in REAL-TIME for all hotels in Lyndhurst United Kingdom . Once you have found the right hotel in Lyndhurst, you can instantly reserve it using our 100% Availability Guaranteed, 100% credit card secure online reservation booking engine.
Hotel Reservations Center Hours: Open 24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week. Customer Service is available Monday through Friday, 9 AM through 5:30 PM, EST
Vespers is modeled after the traditional Taizé worship service which uses silence, reflection and repetitive singing of short chants and rounds to quiet the mind and promote deep meditation. This candlelit evening service is designed to be a midweek respite from the fast pace of life.
The Taizé Community is an ecumenical monastic order in France founded in 1940 to promote peace and justice through prayer and meditation. Vespers services mirror Taizé-style attention to silence, holy words, and singing, but also includes other meditative traditions such as yogic singing and Buddhist chanting.
UPCOMING: DRUM JAM: Tonight! Monthly Indoor Wednesday Night Drum Jam at The Electric Maid, right across from the Takoma Metro, WED, Nov 14 from 7:00 pm - 9:30 pm, All ages, by donation, $5 - $10 suggested
All ages, by donation, $5 - $10 sliding scale donation requested to cover the cost of room, use of instruments, Katy & Mark's time
"Come early and get a seat and let yourself move to the beat!" Drums provided or bring your own. No experience necessary. Kids welcome. Please bring your own water.
Katy Gaughan and friends are back with their monthly drum jam at the Electric Maid. Join Katy along with Mark Francis Nickens and others. Drummers and dancers welcome! Come to drum or to dance, or both! See more pics here.
UPCOMING: HIGHLIGHTS: Tonight! Find more Free and low-cost events listed every day on @FreeinDCBlog on twitter - and if you don't use twitter, no worries, you don't need an account to view the page!
For more events please check out @FreeinDCBlog on twitter and the Free in DC page on facebook, search for "Free in DC" or click here! Much of the event content I cover comes from facebook and I don't always have time to craft individual posts on this site for every event I come across and I often post links to events on @FreeinDCBlog on twittter and/or FreeinDC on facebook that aren't on the main site.
I tweet most every day, focusing on events happening that day, and some other events coming soon or ones that you might not find on the main site or on facebook. Also, if you aren't a twitter user you can just look at the page without needing to sign up for an account!
UPCOMING: MEDITATION: Tomorrow ~ Free workshop on Staying Relaxed this Holiday Season through Meditation this THURS, Nov 15 from 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm at the Lamond-Riggs Library
Join Sangeeta Sinha, M. Ed., long-time meditator, as she discusses the extraordinary effect of meditation. She will present a simple, yet powerful meditation technique that will be explained and practiced during the session. This can enrich one's life personally, professionally and spiritually and help with seasonal stress.
UPCOMING: THEATER: Tomorrow ~ See Avant Bard's "Illyria, or What You Will" at The Gunston Arts Center in Arlington, VA Final Week of Shows! THURS, Nov 15 - SUN, Nov 18, 7:30 pm Shows Nightly THURS - SAT & Matinee shows on SAT & SUN at 2:00 pm, All shows now have Pay-What-You-Will seats for a minimum of $10 online, or PWYW at the door if available
New this Season! Select Number of PWYW seats available for All Performances of Avant Bard's adaptation of Shakespeare's classic comedy Illyria, or What You Will
New this season - All shows now have Pay-What-You-Will seats available! See more about how the new PWYW program works on the video here, or read the details here, or below.
Helen Hayes Recommended Illyria, or What You Will is freely adapted from Shakespeare's classic comedy Twelfth Night by Jonelle Walker and Mitchell Hébert and is directed by Mitchell Hébert. This adaptation re-imagines Shakespeare's crossed-signal love story in a downtown Manhattan '80s dive bar, whose habitués are club kids of assorted genders and orientations who have come to the one place where they can be who they are. Walker's play TAME., a feminist take on The Taming of the Shrew, was produced by Avant Bard in 2016 and received a Helen Hayes Award nomination. Hébert has received Helen Hayes Awards for both acting (After the Fall) and directing (Glengarry Glen Ross) in addition to other nominations as an actor and director.
Advisory: This show, which is set in the 1980's New York City club scene, contains strong language, depictions of drug use, and risqué situation.
About the Pay-What-You-Will Program: For every Avant Bard performance a limited number of tickets are Pay What You Will, which means you can name your price. They do this because they believe universal stories need universal access. If you’re looking for edgy and intimate theatre that won’t break the bank, consider joining us through Pay What You Will. You can buy PWYW tickets online or over the phone beginning the Monday before each performance for a small minimum, or you can buy PWYW tickets at the door with no minimum, assuming seats are available. PWYW tickets can be exchanged for any performance in the same week, subject to availability. All Avant Bard tickets including PWYW are General Admission; seating is first-come first-served. If you'd like to know how much folks generally pay for Pay What You Will, our overall average ticket price is $20. But it's really up to you--and any amount is welcome. If they sell out of PWYW tickets online they plan to make social media announcements to prevent disappointed walk-ups.
Write up from DC Metro Theater Arts: "Illyria reimagines Shakespeare’s comedy of mixed-signal love as a bohemian cabaret set in a Manhattan dive bar in the early 1980s, where identity, sex, and gender are what you will—and habitués find freedom to be who they truly are." “Illyria is the ultimate humanizing of Twelfth Night,” said Director and Co-Adapter Hébert.
“Everybody gets to tell their story unobstructed. All the characters are explored fully and completely. That includes a trans character; that includes gay men; that includes a straight man who may or may not be bisexual. It includes a pansexual woman and a drag queen. And it includes two women performing masculinity. They’re going to be sending it up, the way women can because of their ability to observe keenly the things men do. To me, that’s all about humanity.” A cast of eleven will bring to life Illyria‘s characters, based loosely on Shakespeare’s but reconceived by Walker and Hébert to tease out truths for today."
Metro: Crystal City and catch the 23A or 23B bus from bus bay two (the thoughtful folks at Avant Bard even made a video you can watch on how to get there using metro and bus which is especially great for visual folks) and get off at South Arlington Ridge Rd and South Lang St, nine stops, about a six minute bus ride. You can use metro trip-planner for metro and bus schedules. It's about 1.5 miles from the metro if you want to bike or walk, or you can also uber or lyft there, uber pool and lyft line are shared ride options that are more affordable. If you have a car and plan to drive you can see driving directions here. Ample free parking available.
UPCOMING: COMEDY: Attack of the Comics is back at Drafthouse Comedy on FRI, Nov 16, and every Friday night, 10:30 pm doors, 10:45 pm show, Free and open to those 18+
Drafthouse Comedy presents Attack of the Comics: DC's longest running Stand-up Open Mic, because seasoned comics need to work things out, and young comics need to work things out and sometimes they come together on the same stage, and at a venue open to those 18 and up! Of course drinks are available for those 21+ but no minimum purchase is required. Laughing highly encouraged though.
Drafthouse Comedy is a unique comedy arts space located in the heart of downtown DC at the corner of 13th & L St NW that is styled after a black box theater, with tall ceilings, great sight lines, and an intimate setting. They opened in back in April of 2016 and are operated by the same folks who run Arlington Drafthouse,
Metro: McPherson Sq is closest, also walking distance from Metro Center or you can take the Circulator bus, Woodley - McPherson Sq route, or any of the metro buses along K St or 14th St, to the stop closest to 14th & K St NW
UPCOMING: IMPROV CLASS: The Unified Scene Theater in Bloomingdale hosts their Monthly Free Improv Workshop this SUN, Nov 18 from 1:00pm - 3:00pm, RSVP to ensure your space
Ever thought “Hey, this improv stuff looks fun. But I’m not sure I could do it. Wouldn’t mind giving it a test run before I do.” Well, now’s your chance! Come out this Sunday afternoon for a free 2-hour improv workshop at The Unified Scene Theater in Bloomingdale. You might surprise yourself — and have fun doing it!
Metro: Shaw - Howard U and walk about 12 minutes or take a bus. You can catch the 80 line towards Fort Totten right to T and North Capitol, and walk a block West to the theater, or the G8 which drops you off right across the street from the theater on Rhode Island Ave Also, a Capital Bikeshare station (located at 1st and RI Avenue, NW) is within mere steps of the theater, or you can hop in an uber or lyft there, see promotions for new users below.
UPCOMING: COMEDY: Rallo Boykins headlines the Chocolate City Comedy Show at Drafthouse, 13th & L St NW, this SUN, Nov 18 at 8:00 pm, doors 7:30 pm, special promo code FREEINDC gets you discount tickets for $10 plus small fee online, Black box style venue is open to those 18+
Comedy-Ish Productions brings Chocolate City Comedy Show, with Headliner Rallo Boykins and five other comedians, to to Drafthouse Comedy
Use promo code FREEINDC to get $10 tickets on eventbrite here, regularly $15, plus a small fee when you buy online, tickets at door $20
Comedy-Ish brings some of the most talented comedians from all the U.S and Canada to D.C. for a special show this Thursday night at Drafthouse Comedy, located near McPherson Sq at 13th & L St NW. The show will be hosted by Michael Logan and will feature:
You may have seen some of these comedians on Comedy Central, ComicView, B.E.T, MTV,VH1, Conan, and Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. Come see them in person this Thursday at Draftouse!
Note: All tickets must be shown at the door, in print format or the online ticket stub. Price at the door is $20. Purchase online to get a discount. Use the promo code FREEINDC for $5 off online prices!
About the venue: The folks from Arlington Drafthouse have a comedy arts performance space in the heart of DC at 13th & L St NW, Drafthouse Comedy is styled after a black box theater, with tall ceilings, great sight lines, and an intimate setting. The venue has beer, wine, liquor, and some light fare available for purchase. There are no minimum purchase requirements for patrons, nor is there table-side service.
UPCOMING: MEDITATION: Free Four-Week Introduction to Meditation continues on MON, Nov 19 from 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm, and the next two Mondays thru Dec 3, at the Science of Spirituality DC Center in NW, close to American University, Free, RSVP Required
Note: If you weren't able to attend the first session in the 4-Week series on November 12 you are welcome to join in the second session on November 19, they just ask that you RSVP by phone or email, to let them know to expect you.
"Jyoti meditation provides the experience of inner light, the joy of self discovery, and the lasting value of spirituality as a complement to physical, intellectual, and cultural attainments." Introductory classes will run in four-week cycles which repeat. For those who wish to go on after the intro sessions, there will be intermediate and advanced classes continuing throughout the year.
SOS DC also offers free meditation workshops at area libraries. You can learn more about SOS DC and Jyoti Meditation on their website and feel free to connect with the Mid-Atlantic region on facebook and with Science of Spirituality on twitter at @SOSMeditate.
Metro: Not that close to a metro but accessible by bus. See metro trip-planner for best bus access. It looks like the M4 and D6 buses get you pretty close. For those with cars, street parking is available. You may want to consider taking uber, uber-pool or lyft or lyft-line there from wherever you are coming from or from the Tenleytown Metro.
UPCOMING: MEDITATION: Meditate in Community on SUN, Nov 18 and most Sunday Mornings at the Science of Spirituality DC Center, Individual Silent Meditation, anytime between 10:00am - 11:00am, Meditation Talk from 11:00am - 12:00pm, Vegetarian lunch to follow, Free
Meditation Talk and Meditation at 11:00am is recommended for new folks. Feel free to arrive when you can to meditate with the group in a silent format so if you are an experienced meditator you are welcome to arrive anytime starting from 10:00am for a silent meditation sit. Vegetarian lunch is provided after the meditation talk. at noon, for those who participate in the morning program.
The Science of Spirituality Meditation DC Center opened in the Fall of 2013 and offers many free workshops and events. The center focuses on using the practice of Jyoti Meditation. Science of Spirituality has been offering free meditation workshops actively in the DC area since 1953. As part of an international, nonprofit, multi-faith organization consisting of two thousand centers and a million members world-wide, Science of Spirituality welcomes the community to participate in its meetings and activities. The group’s president is spiritual leader and author, Sant Rajinder Singh Ji Maharaj, world renowned for his books on meditation and spirituality, and for leading conferences and workshops promoting love, unity, and peace, in all lands and among all peoples, through the practice of meditation.
SOS DC also offers free meditation workshops at area libraries. You can learn more about SOS DC and Jyoti Meditation on their website and connect with them on twitter @SOSMeditate.
Metro: Not that close to a metro but accessible by bus. See metro trip-planner for best bus acces looks like the M4 and D6 buses get you pretty close but they don't run that often. For those with cars, street parking is available. For those of you with smart phones who don't own cars you may want to consider taking uber or lyft there from wherever you are or from the Tenleytown Metro, which is closest.
OF NOTE: FITNESS: Fitiverse is Free to Join and helps you to Connect with new Workout buddies and Find Free Fitness Activities in your area
Want to get fit? Connect on Fitiverse to find fun, new ways to work out! You can also find fitness buddies and free activities and classes in your area!
Fitiverse is local, social network that will help you to find new, fun and social ways to workout! Fitiverse focuses on fitness and connects you with compatible workout buddies who have access to the same fitness zones, which are like neighborhoods. Fitiverse is Free to join!
Find Free Workouts, Yoga Classes, Meet-ups and more, on Fitiverse. The local place to go for Free Fitness activities! Create your free account here!
If you're wondering why am I sharing Fitiverse on Free in DC when technically it's not an arts, culture or consciousness event, it is because Fitiverse shares a similar mission, to help people connect to fabulous, local, free things to do. In their case, they just focus on fitness. It's also free to join! The site was founded by two brothers who live in the DC area who share a passion for fitness and well-being. They wanted to help others in the greater community find people who live nearby, share similar schedules and are interested in similar ways of working out and having fun.
Create your free account to find some free activities, have some fun burning calories and maybe even make some new friends while you are at it.
TIP! Anyone contemplating a cosmetic procedure needs to equip themselves with a strong understanding of recovery times and processes. Fully researching the procedure and recovery will make the experience go more smoothly.
Do you want to change your appearance? Do you think about having plastic surgery done? If so, you are not alone. Cosmetic surgery is becoming widely used and accepted due to the great results. Keep reading to learn some great tips on what to do when considering plastic surgery.
TIP! Cosmetic surgery is often very pricey, and it also means some missed working days. Because of this, it is a good idea to set aside some savings before your procedure.
Make sure that any surgeon you consider allows you to see a portfolio with pictures of former clients. Give a good look to their before and after images, and decide if you’d be happy with the kind of results the surgeon has achieved. Never hold back any of your questions, and try to talk to older clients. This will help you know if the doctor is right for you.
TIP! During the consultation with a prospective surgeon, do not forget to ask about his or her credentials. Question his schooling and how many procedures like the one you are considering that he has performed.
If the reason for your surgery is anything other than cosmetic aesthetics, you might call it reconstructive instead of cosmetic. Changing the terminology that you use can help you avoid any of the stigma that is sometimes associated with cosmetic or plastic surgery.
TIP! Reconstructive surgery is a better term than cosmetic surgery for a few reasons. There is a stigma associated with plastic surgery, so changing the wording a little can help with that.
Make sure that the surgeon you choose possesses adequate malpractice insurance. In case there are problems with your procedure, you will be covered so that you can get it corrected. Not carrying ample insurance is a huge warning flag with any surgeon. It could well be because they have a track record that makes a proper policy prohibitively expensive.
TIP! Ask your doctor about their level of experience. Look at before and after photographs to gain a better understanding of what to expect.
You can take steps to save money on your plastic surgery procedure without skimping. There are a number of foreign countries in which reputable doctors will perform surgeries for much less than doctors in the United States would. Before deciding on a location, explore all of your options.
TIP! It is important to prepare yourself for the discomfort that follows most procedures. Some people do not understand that they will be in pain from their procedure.
Always investigate alternate financing options. The doctor knows that a lot of people don’t have the funds necessary in order to pay for various procedures, and might have certain payment plans in place. If you cannot arrange for prepayment with a doctor you can research other methods to pay for the procedure.
TIP! While it may be cheaper to get plastic surgery done in other countries, try finding a surgeon that is relatively close to where you live. If you have complications or need revisions, it will be easier to return to the same surgeon.
Though Botox may not be classified as a surgical procedure, it remains essential to have it injected by a physician only. Lots of people are doing this in beauty salons now. This may save a considerable amount of money, but it could harm your health.
TIP! The final price of your surgery may change and you must fully understand that possibility. Price can vary depending on the amount of anesthesia used, the amount of time the procedure takes and any facility fees.
Speak with your physician to determine the frequency that he or she performs each surgery. Surgeons become more skilled when they perform the same procedures multiple times. In addition, more procedures means that there have been more patients. You will be aware if he performs procedures poorly by how many malpractice lawsuits have been filed.
TIP! You always need to research the credentials and background of any doctor that you are considering for cosmetic surgery. Make sure you find out how much experience they bring with them and what procedures they have done.
If the surgeon you are considering is does not have a certification from the ASPS, you need to go elsewhere. Also, ask your doctor how many times he has done the procedure you desire and ask to see proof of his claims.
TIP! Speak with other individuals who have had the surgery you are considering; if you can, find people who used the surgeon you are thinking about. Your surgeon may neglect to tell you some important information this patient can share with you.
Everyone wants to change something about themselves at some time, plastic surgery might be the answer. It can make you look youthful again, slim your waist or get rid of that nose that caused you so much torture in school. Look into plastic surgery and ensure you make decisions that are in your best interest. Enjoy your appearance.
TIP! Anyone who is considering cosmetic surgery must research recovery periods to gain an understanding of how long they will need to rest post surgery. Problems can be easily avoided if people understand the procedure […]
TIP! Remember that you may have to miss work days after you get cosmetic surgery. For these two reasons, it is recommended to have a small savings set aside specifically for expenses associated with your […]
TIP! Cosmetic surgery is normally expensive and requires recovery time, which could lead to time off work. Make sure that you have savings on the side to compensate for lost time at work and any […]
4) Don't expect to buy high quality Green Coffee products in Hedley BC for less than $50. If that could put you into an uncomfortable situation financially you should definitely look for another weight loss supplement.
Pure Green Coffee Supplements are the most ideal weight loss supplement in the current Hedley British Columbia market.
The green coffee max supplements that are sold to Hedley British Columbia customers are made from natural extract. The most effective product in the coffee beans is the naturally occurring Chlorogenic acid that works by slowing down the absorption of fat by the body after meals, or by triggering the body metabolism that metabolizes any extra fat consumed. Through its operations, there is minimal fat stored in the body.
Chlorogenic acid found in Green Coffee Bean Max sold to our Hedley British Columbia customers, stimulates the body's insulin production. Insulin reduces the blood sugar levels by pulling glucose into the cells using it for energy production hence increasing the body metabolism and energy levels. Chlorogenic acid curbs carbohydrate absorption in the body.
Apart from being an efficient Hedley BC weight loss supplement, this green coffee supplement also helps in cleansing the blood, lowering cravings, speeding up body metabolism and regulating the blood sugar. The effectiveness of the coffee beans is determined by the concentration and purity of Chlorogenic acid and the quantity of the green coffee supplement taken. Therefore, the green coffee supplement should be taken as directed in order to increase the quality of the weight loss results. Chlorogenic acid is present in this product in high concentrations hence the green coffee we sell in Hedley BC are more than effective for weight loss.
Green coffee beans protect Hedley users from several health diseases associated with blood sugar and cancer related illnesses hence it is highly recommended, but caution should be taken by the user to only purchase Quality green coffee Products in Hedley BC from reputable manufacturers.
Green coffee supplements are now one of the hottest weight loss supplements in Hedley British Columbia and all across Canada today. This amazing product has been featured in various TV shows and fitness magazines not only in Hedley BC but all over the world. Consequently, a lot of people in British Columbia have reported to have experienced various great health benefits from using it. But is it really effective? That all depends on the QUALITY!
Sure, a lot of supplements have been popping up in the British Columbia market and most of them cater to weight loss. The reason for that is a lot of people in Hedley BC want to lose weight but don't have enough time to go to the gym or get into a diet program. The sad thing is that a lot of the green coffee products found on local Hedley store shelves are low quality, mass produced made in China type products. Remember, you only get what you pay for. If your local Hedley health store is selling what appears to be the same type of product at a much reduced price, alarm bells should go off. How can you judge the effectiveness of coffee bean products by purchasing the lower end cheap stuff? If you want fast weightloss and the associated health benefits make sure you are buying high quality.
SMS Alum Jad-Evangelo Nasser’s film ONCE UPON A COLOR has been selected to screen at Katra Film Series, 11/13
SMS Alum Jad-Evangelo Nasser’s film ONCE UPON A COLOR has been selected to screen at Katra Film Series on November 13 at Wine Legend -BK. This Festival will focus on innovative Storytelling and Diversity of voices in Film. Tickets available here. Tuesday, November 13th Wine
ADAM PRODUCED BY JIM STARK NYC CINEMA PREMIERE SCREENINGS IN TWO WEEKS ADAM is an award winning film that premiered in February in the Berlinale (the prestigious BERLIN FILM FESTIVAL). Since then it has played in festivals around the world and is due to
Another busy week for Latin American film lovers in the city with a bit of diverse narratives and aesthetics for different tastes. UnionDocs is presenting this Thursday a special screening of the Mexican film El Grito by Leobaldo López Aretche chronicling the Tlatelolco massacre in 1968, ten days before
Tue, Nov 6, “Édouard Glissant: One World in Relation” film screening & convo with Manthia Diawara & Asad Raza at the Graduate Center, CUNY
Join the Center for the Humanities tomorrow, Tuesday, November 6th at 6:30 pm in Martin E. Segal Theatre at the Graduate Center, CUNY for a film screening of Manthia Diawara’s Édouard Glissant: One World in Relation (2009, 48 min), which follows Édouard Glissant, thinker of Relation and the All-World, on a transatlantic journey as he discusses
Filmatique’s Swiss Films Series continues with Dene Wos Guet Geit (Those Who Are Fine), Cyril Schäublin’s detached and darkly humorous satire exploring the lives of characters both central and oblique to a confidence scheme in Switzerland’s largest city. To watch our current releases click here. Membership required. FLMTQ membership is
TWO IRENES A film by Fabio Meira (As Duas Irenes, Brazil, 2017, 89 min. In Portuguese with English subtitles) By chance, Brazilian teenager Irene (newcomer Priscila Bittencourt, in an assured performance) discovers that there is another 13-year-old Irene living in the same town. Curiously, she observes
DECADE OF FIRE World Premiere November 10, 2018 Get Your Tickets Here A Letter from Vivian Vasquez “Dear Friends, On behalf of the producer of Decade of Fire, I am both excited and humbled to invite you to join us for the film’s World Premiere
Student Discount Available to see Frederick Wiseman’s 44th Documentary “MONROVIA, INDIANA” Opening at Film Forum Friday, 10/26
MONROVIA, INDIANA explores a small town in rural, mid-America and illustrates how values like community service, duty, spiritual life, generosity and authenticity are formed, experienced and lived along with conflicting stereotypes. The film gives a complex and nuanced view of daily life in Monrovia and
Frederick Wiseman’s latest documentary MONROVIA, INDIANA is opening at Film Forum on 10/26. Check out the synopsis, trailer and ticket information, here. Additionally, there will be two Q&A’s with the filmmaker, one of Friday 10/26 at the 6:30PM show and one on Saturday 10/27 at 3:40PM. Read
Flix Premiere is offering you a free movie ticket to watch its latest ORIGINAL Production – the film Bikini Moon at a movie theater in NYC on October 12th, 2018. You might want to take a look at the trailer here. The movie is directed by Milcho Manchevski – an Oscar nominated Director and the main actress is Condola Rashad –
Kinoscope is a screening series sponsored by The New School’s School of Media Studies, aiming to enhance the awareness and understanding of the film and filmmaking process by screening a wide variety of national and international films. Pawel Wieszczecinski, Kinoscope‘s programmer and producer, and Media Studies faculty member Marcus
FPWA and Children of Promise invite you to a free community screening of the critically acclaimed documentary: Crime + Punishment Friday October 19, 2018 2pm to 5pm Children of Promise 54 MacDonough Street Brooklyn, NY 11216 Crime + Punishment chronicles the remarkable efforts and struggles
Pathbreaking filmmaker, theorist and composer Trinh T. Minh-ha will be visiting the Pratt campus on Thursday, October 4th and Friday, October 5th. October 4th, 2018 5:00 PM: Welcome reception 5:30 PM: Film Screening of Forgetting Vietnam (2016), Dir. Trinh T. Minh-ha, followed by Q+A with the filmmaker.
Don’t miss the exciting Latin American selections at this year’s New York Film Festival, running September 28 – October 14 at the Film Society of Lincoln Center. From Alfonso Cuarón’s Venice-winner Roma to the new film by Argentine director Gastón Solnicki, to new restored prints of the
306 HOLLYWOOD A film by Elan and Jonathan Bogarín USA, 2018, 94 min. In English At 306 Hollywood Avenue in Newark, former dress designer Annette Ontell lived for 71 years in a nondescript white house. After her death in 2011, her grandchildren Elan and Jonathan
ANNUAL CINEMA ARTS FESTIVAL IN BROOKLYN, NEW YORK. Exhibit your work at the largest expanded cinema festival in the US. 2018 edition with screenings at Judson Memorial Arts Church, Red Bull Gallery, & LightSpace Studios NY. Submissions are sliding scale from $0 to Pay-what-you-can. Deadline Oct
On Oct 6, 2018, from 5:20 pm – 7:30 pm, Reel Sisters is proud to announce a screening and conversation of Mr. Soul!, directed by Melissa Haizlip and Sam Pollard! Before Oprah – before Arsenio – there was Mr. SOUL! Ellis Haizlip made television broadcast history with “Soul!,” America’s first “black Tonight Show.” Join Reel Sisters
It is only 6 days away from the inaugural BAMcinematek presents: Film School Shorts 2018! This showcase, curated by Curtis Caesar John and BAMcinématek’s Natalie Erazo, celebrates new work by select student filmmakers from Brooklyn College, the Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema, Pratt Institute, Syracuse
You’re invited to an Exclusive Film Premiere in NYC! Flix Premiere – the world’s first online cinema – invites you to its first ever US Theatrical Premiere of the film Bikini Moon – a distinct New York based film, directed by the highly acclaimed and Oscar Nominated director Milcho Manchevski, starring Condola Rashad (from
SMS Faculty Member Savanna Washington Screens Her Film, “Playing Frisbee in North Korea,” on Tuesday, 9/25
Director Savanna Washington offers a sneak preview of Playing Frisbee in North Korea (2018) for a Korea Society audience. She appears after in conversation with Columbia Professor Charles Armstrong and the Society’s Stephen Noerper. This colorful documentary vividly depicts the challenges of North Korea and potential warming
This week, make sure not to miss the U.S premiere of Ricardo Silva and Omar Guzmán‘s William, the New Judo Master this Thursday, September 20 at Anthology Film Archives. Screening as part of Cinema Tropical’s series of contemporary Latin American cinema, the “fascinating film essay” follows famed Swedish-American singer William Clauson as he whiles away
Fall is fast approaching, and GAP is excited to announce their annual screening, Rising Together, Moving Forever, on October 5th, 2018 from 6-9pm at The New School (66 West 12th St). They will have several opportunities to engage at the event including: photo booths, food, performances, as well as
Help seed a national conversation around issues of race, education and equity. Real talk that leads to real action that leads to real change. Lang’s Civic Engagement and Social Justice Program has been offered a select amount of seats to the exclusive NYC screening of America
SMS Faculty Member Shimon Dotan will premiere his most recent film, “Left Behind America” on Frontline Tuesday, September 11. Click here for more information.
Doc Studies presents: Monday, September 17 at 1 PM Kellen Auditorium, Ground Floor, 66 Fifth Avenue CRIME + PUNISHMENT Directed by Stephen Maing 2018, 115 min. Screening and Q & A with filmmaker STEPHEN MAING “A triumph of documentary filmmaking” — Tim Wu, The New York
ZUZANA: MUSIC IS LIFE NYC PREMIERE A beautiful, award-winning film about legendary harpsichordist Zuzana Ruzickova, who recalls a life of love, tyranny, and the music that helped her survive and thrive through some of the 20th century’s darkest periods. The film was twice voted Best Documentary. Leonard Nimoy Thalia Theater at Symphony Space Thursday,
The University of Virginia offers a variety of residence styles and locations for students, faculty, and staff to live on Grounds. To see the options available to you, click the button for the category that pertains to you.
Please see our Housing Rates page to compare the costs for different areas and types of University housing.
Students who have finished high school and are entering their first year of college. UVA requires all incoming first-year undergraduate students to live on Grounds.*
Undergraduate students who are transferring to the University of Virginia following study at another higher learning institution.
Students who are returning to the University of Virginia and will have completed a year or more of undergraduate study. A number of upperclass residence options are offered.
A variety of circumstances may affect your housing needs. Information on Open Housing, housing for students with families, special housing accommodations, and service & assistance animals is offered.
Students who are completing post-baccalaureate work at the University of Virginia. Options are available for graduate students who are single or married, with or without additional family members.
Includes University of Virginia non-tenured faculty, research associates, research assistants, post-doctoral candidates, visiting faculty members, and full-time classified staff.
* Does not include Transfer or Graduate students. If you are a first-year undergraduate who is married, a single parent, or a non-traditionally aged student, you may qualify for consideration to live off-Grounds. Please send your exemption request to housing@virginia.edu.
Before you make a recommendation, We are going to accomplish an in depth Site Search engine optimization Audit to discover how optimized your internet site presently is for search engines like google.
Google’s John Mueller stated this 7 days that “Intense” ranking fluctuations might occur immediately after publishing new content.
I just bought my absolutely free analysis of my Internet site and now Possess a system of motion on how I am going to consider in excess of my area of interest. These fellas really determine what They are discussing and I am unable to hold out to see how far my company will improve with I implement all in their know-how. Punch during the face to you personally, eWebResults!!!
Mike is actually a well-informed expert at Internet search engine Advertising and Optimization. He brings a great deal towards the desk that your organization can make use of and get from. You gained’t be let down if you employ Mike and his electronic promoting agency.
I’ve been Hearing the Search engine optimisation Podcast for a while now. It’s amazing! I last but not least attained out to eWebResults for his or her advice. Right now I talked to Matt about my agency’s Web-site. He was Tremendous practical and generous along with his time. Thank you a great deal of! view it You men are brilliant!
We’ll appropriately enhance your web site so search engines can comprehend, effectively index, and link the webpages of your website with key phrase lookups.
Mike Bellush is definitely an all star Web optimization and throughout likable guy. He constantly strives to in excess of supply and excel further than the standard. I was amazed with his knack for locating related search terms and his ability to seamlessly combine off website page optimization tactics.
I took benefit of their generous offer you for a free Web-site Examination and truly gained a phone contact back again from Chris himself! I very advise you benefit from this provide. These fellas are a class act!
I am pretty grateful for your geniuses driving eWebResults. I experience like I'm getting an MBA in Web optimization among other Web page subject areas. I have several hundred podcasts to atone for as I am a newbie. There is a new full devotee. Many thanks A great deal of!!
As someone that is quite new to the whole world of SEO, they've a means of presenting subjects in an incredibly user-friendly structure.
Michael is a real Specialist in each feeling of the phrase. More than an SEO expert, Michael can be a Online search engine Advertising device. He dominates the Level of competition for every shopper he will take on. When you are Blessed enough to guide him, he will completely crush it to suit your needs.
Ryan Z. mentioned "Quick, courteous, and prompt responses. This location not simply developed a top quality banner inside 24 several hours, they had been also significantly much less expensive than other spots as they don't tack on further fees.
The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, presents "Tudors to Windsors: British Royal Portraits from Holbein to War...
The scoop: More than 150 supporters of City ArtWorks, a leading visual arts education resource offering creative programming, collaborations, and exhibitions, mingled amid artwork from Nicole Longnecker Gallery and a fleet of exotic cars, including Art Cars by artists Amy Lynch, Randy Blair, and Sue Shefman.
Putting a fashionable spin on the evening, Stacey Swift, public relations manager at Neiman Marcus, oversaw a fall runway show as bites were provided by Elegant Occasions catering.
The event was the kickoff for City Artworks’ Art of Conversation luncheon, slotted for November 14. This year, the roster of lunchtime tablemates includes Lisa Falkenberg (2015 Pulitzer Prize Winner for Commentary), CultureMap Houston editor-in-chief Clifford Pugh, Memorial Park Conservancy CEO Shellye Arnold, Channel 13 anchor Gina Gaston, and Bradley Epley, chief conservator of the Menil Collection.
Who: Event co-chairs Staci Henderson and Deborah Colton, Ken and Mady Kades, Bill Meganhardt, Ella Park, and Nicole Longnecker. Also in attendance were ice sculptor Reverend Butter and former principal dancer of the Houston Ballet Lauren Anderson, who will also lead table discussions at the November event.
Manufactures nail products for salon professionals including products for artificial nails. Features professional only section.
Shop for OPI Nail Polish - Drip Dry Drying Drops 9ml at very.co.uk. Order online now and pay nothing for up to 12 months.
California Proposition 65 WARNING: Some products on this website contains progesterone, cocamide DEA, and other chemicals known to the State of California to …
OPI is back at Ball Beauty! We now carry the full line of Classic Colors Collection in addition to Mariah Carey Limited Edition Holiday Collection and San Francisco ...
OPI 8 Piece Starlight Nailcare Collection This OPI collection has been created especially for QVC, with four new and limited edition Swarovski-inspired Christmas ...
All OPI Products. OPI. Boots - The UK's most popular chemist. Pharmacy, health, beauty, fragrance, toiletries and much more.
Buy OPI at feelunique.com, official OPI ... ghd Black Friday Week Offer. £21.50 off selected ghd Stylers for a limited time.
The most-asked-for brand in the industry! Classic Nail Lacquer with a superior range of shades and the hottest special effects and textures, OPI is the go-to brand ...
Beauty Brands carries all of your favorite OPI nailcare products from polish to base coats to top coats to sets and more. Buy OPI nailcare products online now and get ...
Bicycle Buys - Your Online Bike Shop. We cycle the World, providing cycling parts, apparel, safety equipment, trainers, lighting, & shoes for all types of cycling.
Tuesday morning. Investigation revealed that the suspect introduced himself to the victim by way of social media and both agreed to participate in the reality based location game, PokemonGO. on N. Race Street when Lopez entered the driver's side of the vehicle and drove the auto about five blocks on Race Street. Upon arrival, police learned that a woman and two juveniles were sitting in a parked v... Además...
Type in the loan amount, annual interest rate and the term of the loan in years. Then press the 'Calculate' button
Look, you’re busy–especially if you’re changing jobs, packing up a house and dealing with all the logistics of changing location. Call me, text me, email me–no need for formality to find you the right place to live.
I’ve just sold this absolutely stunning condo in Waltham–a prime location right near the restaurants of Moody Street and easy commuter access (via road, rail, or bus) to Boston. This home … Continue reading →
Another happy, first-time home buyer… Sam & Krystal looked at many condominiums and single-family homes over the last year and a half. Competition was tough and multiple offers did not … Continue reading →
I am thrilled to present you with a great listing–a 3 bedroom, 2 bath ranch on Framingham’s north side on beautiful Belknap Road. The home features a beautiful new kitchen … Continue reading →
Thomas came to me as a referral from his company’s relocation agent. He was being relocated from New York City to Boston, and called to enlist my help. We hit it … Continue reading →
I just loved working with Anna and Michael on their first-time home search. Anna was referred to me by one of my daughter’s friends and works in Framingham at TJX. … Continue reading →
Want daily listings of properties for sale in Massachusetts? Email me for free daily MLS listings for your target towns!
For my Devember project I wanted to start with a simple Tetris game in C++ today. And I found the perfect tutorial by Javier López promising that it would take less than an hour. But there is a catch. I currenty don’t have a C++ IDE installed and while I used Qt when we were … [Read more…]
December is a really busy time for me. It’s only the end of november and I’m already struggeling with everyhing that has to be done in the next few weeks. There is a lot of exciting stuff like a new university project that’ll allow me to play around with VR and Google Cardboard, my birthday, … [Read more…]
Today Tobi could try out our level editor for the first time. Of course there are still some issues to smooth out and it still looks rather boring because Annick hasn’t startet with the graphics yet but at least the most important features are working. So, how does it work? Reading the map from a … [Read more…]
In line with the GUC vision and commitment since establishment in following a fully integrated German Teaching Practice, in the pursue of offering latest German Technology, the idea evolved to create a unique Training & Development Facility in cooperation with potential German Industry Partners.
The facility is considered a Platform for cross-continental industrial relations and exposure through “Open House” events organized, sectorial seminars and workshops held, next to regular networking channels in order to secure qualified and well-trained human resources, provide promotional opportunities for German Industries, as well as Consultancy Services to increase their existence in Egypt and the region.
Next to the original goal of ensuring latest Technology Transfer to GUC students, graduates, as well as the market, strategic German partners are granted an exceptional opportunity to showcase their latest machinery and technology for potential future customers - as already demonstrated by existing permanent partners hosted at the GUC Industry Park facility including e.g. Trumpf, FESTO, DMG, Walter, Zeiss, Felder …etc.
Established on an area of 40,000 m2 (Phase 1) on GUC campus, the Industry Park is the first of its kind among universities worldwide, offering not only industrial R&D opportunities in cooperation with GUC academics and research centers, but also hosting various major German industries to develop HR Capacities, provide Training Programs & Research opportunities, support Know-how Transfer and Prototyping.
In addition to the above, the GUC Industry Park facility (Phase 2) will include 80 multifunction modular spaces/“Incubators” (each 50 m2) for potential new cooperation projects/business establishments (small – medium enterprises) fully supported by GUC infrastructure
Providing a real industrious environment where the local and international industry professionals, the academic staff, the researchers will interact and work together.
Preparing the graduates and the trainers and the trainees for the real industrial life and introducing them to the local and international job opportunities.
Building strong bonds between the students, the trainers and the leading international companies in all the different industrial fields through providing the latest technologies.
Offering the industry with its needs in fields, qualified human resources, knowledge, know how, research and quality assurance.
The GUC Industry Park environment provides the industry and the students with the best training quality by directing them towards the real manufacturing problems as well as the task free research work for many industrial applications to demonstrate and maximize their abilities:
Offering research, counseling and training services for the Egyptian industry, based on advanced scientific and technical research methods, as well as cooperating with international experts.
Introducing the potential Egyptian researchers and academic staff as well as the available modern high tech scientific equipment to the international industries and scientific research fund providers. This would increase the opportunities of attracting international research funds directed to the scientific research that is related to the industry.
Attracting the foreign investment in the area of industries that would increase and create more opportunities in the Egyptian job market.
Capital equipment (production lines, filling and packaging machines – spare parts and components of sugar factories and flour mills)
Trumpf: worldwide leading company in laser production technology in the field of sheet metal work using high-end laser production line.
Festo Company: worldwide market leader in the field of automation mechatronics and industrial manufacturing.
Felder Group: world leading company in manufacturing machines and tools for woodworking. Felder has received awards such as the Bavarian State Prize in 1983 and 1991.
WALTER AG: leading Manufacturer in Machine tools including cutting tools for metals and grinding machines.
The GUC Music Academy is a new initiative by GUC that has started in September 2012. GUC believes in the significance of a balanced education that includes arts, as well as sports aside from the scientific subjects. The GUC Music Academy sees its role in redefining the perception of the art of music by shedding the light on the importance of music in the daily life and how it affects the human brain, even raises the human intelligence.
This is a placeholder page for Toni Aguilar, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Toni Aguilar.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Toni Aguilar. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Toni Aguilar. We created this page automatically in hopes Toni Aguilar would find it. If you are not Toni Aguilar, but are an alumni of Garland High School Garland, TX, register on this site for free now.
Bad Credit Car Dealers Near Lancaster Pa is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Best Car Service Road Clubs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Can Sawdust Hurt Car Paint is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car And Driver M Review is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Rent San Francisco Budget is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Wash And Oil Change In Elizabeth Nj is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cat Driving Golf Car is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Chevrolet Sports Car Names is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How Much Is A Chevron Car Wash is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Range Rover Car Crash Maryland License Plates is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Raymore Car Wash is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Sell A Salvaged Car For Parts is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://images.carpages.ca/inventory/2318303.70453919?w=1024&h=768&s=98e9f13831efc3636a7443df896f5d90
GURPS Lite Abridged Rules by Scott D. Haring and Sean Punch creation, combat, success rolls, adventuring, and game mastering for GURPS Fourth Edition. GURPS stands for “Generic Universal RolePlaying. System GURPS LITE is available in PDF format from garlicwhisk.com JUNE EDITION. 13 Mar GURPS Lite (Fourth Edition) - GURPS Lite is a page distillation of the basic GURPS rules. It covers the essentials of character creation.
GURPS Lite is a page distillation of the basic GURPS rules. It covers the essentials of character creation, combat, success rolls, adventuring, and game. GURPS Lite is a page introduction to the rules of the GURPS role-playing game based on External links[edit]. GURPS Lite 4th Edition. GURPS - 4th Edition - Lite - Download as PDF File .pdf), Text File .txt) or read online.
AUGUST EDITION. WHAT IS . GURPS Rules by STEVE JACKSON • GURPS Lite Abridged Rules by SCOTT HARING and SEAN PUNCH. Edited by. GitHub is where people build software. More than 27 million people use GitHub to discover, fork, and contribute to over 80 million projects. "An Introduction to Roleplaying" From the publisher's website: GURPS Lite is a page distillation of the basic GURPS rules. It covers the essentials of character. GURPS Lite™ is a free PDF available from e23 that covers the basic rules of GURPS 4th Edition. It distills the rules in the Basic Set down to 32 pages. 3 Aug I won't be reviewing GURPS Lite Fourth Edition in the same line, first of all because it's Lite, second of all because that's a less practical review.
Sadly the 4th ed lite rules dropped the magic section from 3rd ed. So go get the GURPS 3th edition lite rules and plunder the Magic section. GURPS Lite (Free Gurps Rules) [Sean Punch] on garlicwhisk.com a copy of the rules update form 3rd to 4th edition making all those books available still usable. Star Trek Next Generation play using Gurps Lite - Operation Deadlock - Sunday 30th of April The players: Aiko. GURPS logo. Step 1. Step 2 Save to garlicwhisk.com garlicwhisk.com Load a .. This is a slightly updated version of the GURPS lite character generator. A number of bugs .
All about GURPS Lite (3rd Edition) by Sean Punch. LibraryThing is a cataloging This is for the 3rd edition GURPS rules; it is not compatible with 4th edition. and the introductory version of the rules, GURPS Lite, is available free online! GURPS Fourth Edition Revision by DAVID L. PULVER and SEAN M. PUNCH. 19 Jul GURPS 4th Edition was released nearly 10 years ago. GURPS Lite, a PDF and free print release of the core rules distilled into 32 pages was. 22 Oct Download GURPS Lite. Free. It's a little less complete than the 3rd edition version was (also grr 4th edition) but it's enough to actually play.
This is my third Trioplan thread. I try to use the lens to show something different from the previous threads.
I have a copy of un-coated 4-inch version in C mount too. I need to find a right adapter for it to use on larger sensor.
BTW, make sure check the larger photos in the samples. There are some details which can't seen from the smaller photos.
This is a placeholder page for Cilia Brown, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Cilia Brown.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Cilia Brown. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Cilia Brown. We created this page automatically in hopes Cilia Brown would find it. If you are not Cilia Brown, but are an alumni of Forest Brook High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Forest Brook High School	of Houston, Texas
I need to pick up a larger saw. Right now I've got a 16" Husqvarna but I'd like to get something in the 24" range.
I have a few people that want to give me a number of trees but I have to take them down first. What would be your first choice in saws...without completely breaking the bank?
how bigs that husky?.... maybe all you need is a bigger bar & chain. A 20" bar will fell a 40" tree if you can work from both sides. I prefer to use the shortest bar that will do the job. cheaper to run & more control. just a thought.
Since they're (372XP) actually the same weight, I'd go with the MS460 if I wanted to carry that much around. Don't believe me? Walk into any shop which has both on the shelf, remove the bars/chain (only!) and weigh them dry. Then look at the catalog specs and scratch your head with me...
When comparing the 372XP and the MS460 bear in mind the far more effective air-injection on the Husky vs. Intelli carb. Also, I dare say the vibration-dampening is better on the Husky.
Not that's it's a major issue but I like the fact that the 372 comes with 2 bumper spikes vs 1 on the 460.
If ya go with the Stihl, add the spikes to the cover side, dual felling spikes (aka: dull chain over-rides) are a must on a felling saw.
I have the stihl 046 ( ms460 ) and it has plenty of power for a 25" bar. I have even run a 28" on it with no problem, but usually stick with a 20". I've never had any carb issues.
Also, the Dolmar ps7900 has been getting rave reviews- more power, lower price. Worth looking into if there's a dealer nearby.
I have two saws a ms 180 for pruning and a 066 I used the 066 on everything I have a 20 inch bar for small to medium 3 inch to about 28 inch and the 36 inch for eveything above different bars are alot cheaper then different saws. Thats just my opinion.
Intellicarb is about keeping the mixture right as the filter dirties and is merely a result of venting the high side of the diaphragm to the airbox instead of outside. The exact same effect was had on my old Homelites where the entire carb was behind the filter. I thought Elux was going to such a vent routing, too.
I've only noticed the lesser vibration of the Stihls as compared to the Huskys while running the saw outside the cut. While in the cut there's little difference, if any.
The "air injection", "turbo", &c. do a good job of keeping the big stuff off the filter. I've never had to stop work to knock the crud off my Stihl filters and they're all supposed to be checked daily anyway.
not to start any brand wars. but i had a stihl ms460 and my husky 372, 372 i feel was a much better saw hands down. no longer have the 460. now that the 372 has been power ported
I had a ms 440 I bought new that was an awesome saw I used it for a year and a half before up grading to a stihl 066 I love that saw and wih I had not sold it a horrible decision I love my new 066 just as much though wish I could have afforded both.
Make doesn't matter . Go to different dealers and observe their attitude . If they are willing to work with you, then thats the saw to buy. Size wise get what is comfortable to operate so your not worn out. Safety first!
If any one is interested; I have a good running Stihl 036 pro for sale. I am a 2 stroke tech for the Husqvarna dealer in Centralia, Wa. I also ebay saws and parts and you can find me under klickitatsackett. I just bought this saw this morning and will be going through it top to bottom before it goes out. It is a good running saw and expect to only have to put a cleaning to it. This saw has a 24" bar and chain. This would make a good all around saw, with out breaking the bank. I would ship it to any where in the lower 48 for $275. As to which saw I like best? It all depends on which one I am working on.
I would think a 24" bar on an 036 is a bit much. These saws aren't stellar performers in the torque arena.
It's kind of funny to me to listen to guys talk about a 24" bar like it is big. I have grown up thinking that a 28" - 32" was the norm. As a kid my dad (Bruce A in here) was a cedar rat as where a couple of my uncles. The 036 may not be my choice for a big saw, ( I like the 044, 046, 272 ) but for a medium sized saw it is a pretty good saw. As for pulling a 24" bar not a problem. If you ever had a problem though I would suggest getting rid of the double falling dogs and taking it easy, but if you insist on pushing it through for an extra $75 I will do a piston and head job on it for you.
If you want to run a 24 inch bar on a 036 you might want consider getting your saw walerized free up your exhust I like to run a 24 inch bar on my 044 and a 36 inch on my 066. This combo works for me if my 24 inch cant cut it then my 36 inch can and if that cant then I call my neighbor for his saw. Havent had to yet.
The criminal trial in Russia of a Jehovah's Witness married couple, Andrei and Lyutsiya Raitin, on "extremism" charges under Criminal Code Article 282 is due to resume on 23 January. Jehovah's Witnesses describe the accusations as "baseless", and have pointed out to Forum 18 News Service that the same day the Raitins' trial began - 22 December 2011 – fellow Jehovah's Witness Aleksandr Kalistratov was finally acquitted on exactly the same charges. "Unlike Kalistratov, the Raitins held no position of responsibility in their local community," Jehovah's Witness spokesperson Grigory Martynov told Forum 18. "They're just ordinary members of the community". Article 282 continues to be used against Jehovah's Witnesses, and punishments under this article were increased in December 2011. Elsewhere in Russia, other criminal cases are continuing against people for exercising their freedom of religion or belief. These include Muslim readers of the works of Said Nursi, who are normally prosecuted under Criminal Code Article 282.2.
The criminal trial in Russia's Siberian city of Chita of a Jehovah's Witness married couple, Andrei and Lyutsiya Raitin, on charges of spreading "enmity and hatred" is due to resume on 23 January. Jehovah's Witnesses dismiss the accusations against the Raitins as "baseless". They pointed out to Forum 18 News Service that the same day the trial began - 22 December 2011 – fellow Jehovah's Witness Aleksandr Kalistratov was finally acquitted on exactly the same charges at Altai Republic Supreme Court, also in Siberia. Unless the Public Prosecutor challenges the decision, Kalistratov's acquittal brings to an end prosecutors' repeated attempts to imprison him on charges which were launched in 2010. Elsewhere in Russia, other criminal cases are continuing against individuals for exercising their freedom of religion or belief.
"Unlike Kalistratov, the Raitins held no position of responsibility in their local community," Jehovah's Witness spokesperson Grigory Martynov told Forum 18 from St Petersburg on 10 January. "They're just ordinary members of the community being punished for carrying out their usual religious activity."
Kalistratov, the Raitins and several other Jehovah's Witnesses were all accused under Article 282, Part 1 of the Criminal Code ("Actions directed at the incitement of hatred [nenavist] or enmity [vrazhda], as well as the humiliation of an individual or group of persons on the basis of .. attitude to religion, .. conducted publicly or through the media"). This and related "anti-extremism" legislation has systemic problems, as noted in a commentary by Alexander Verkhovsky of the SOVA Center at F18News 19 July 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1468.
Punishments under Article 282, Part 1 were slightly increased in a Law amending various Articles of the Criminal Code and other Laws, approved by the State Duma on 17 November 2011 and signed by President Dmitry Medvedev on 7 December 2011.
Punishments are now: "by means of a fine of 100,000 Roubles [19,000 Norwegian Kroner, 2,500 Euros, or 3,170 US Dollars] to 300,000 Roubles [57,000 Norwegian Kroner, 7,500 Euros, or 9,510 US Dollars],
or of the level of pay or other income of the convicted person for a period of between one and two years,
or the deprivation of the right to engage in specific duties or to engage in a specific activity for a period of up to three years,
The new penalties have mostly already come into force, though not those relating to forced labour, which come into force at the beginning of 2013.
Also slightly amended under the December 2011 Law were the punishments under Criminal Code Article 282.2 ("Organisation of the activity of a social or religious association or other organisation in relation to which a court has adopted a decision legally in force on liquidation or ban on the activity in connection with the carrying out of extremist activity") (see F18News 12 January 2012 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1654).
Article 282.2 is used to prosecute Muslims who read the works of the late Turkish Muslim theologian Said Nursi. Among many recent cases, Asylzhan Kelmukhambetov was sentenced in June 2011 under this Article in the Urals town of Orenburg to 18 months' imprisonment, becoming the first Nursi reader in Russia to receive a criminal sentence of imprisonment. He suffers from diabetes and has been in prison hospital since he was jailed (see F18News 12 September 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1612).
Similarly, Rashid Abdulov was sentenced under this Article in the Volga city of Ulyanovsk in September 2011 to one-year's compulsory work. However, he was freed because he had already spent nearly eight months in custody (see F18News 12 September 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1612).
Numerous lower court decisions have found – on highly questionable grounds – that Russian translations of the Islamic theological works of Said Nursi and Jehovah's Witness publications are "extremist" and so placed them on the Justice Ministry's Federal List of Extremist Materials (see 'The battle with "religious extremism" - a return to past methods?' F18News 28 April 2009 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1288). Once materials are on the Federal List, it is then illegal to distribute or store them for distribution.
Such lower court decisions are of great help to officials seeking to prosecute Jehovah's Witnesses and Muslim readers of the works of Said Nursi for exercising their freedom of religion or belief. A total of 68 Jehovah's Witness publications, as well as 15 Russian translations of Nursi's works, have already been ruled "extremist" However, a recent attempt to find a key Hare Krishna book, the Bhagavad-Gita As It Is, "extremist" failed in court in Tomsk (see F18News 5 January 2012 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1652).
Prosecutors in Chita have long been seeking to prosecute the Raitins under Criminal Code Article 282, Part 1. The local Investigation Committee alleged that in 2010, the couple, "pursuing the aims of inciting religious and social hatred" and knowing that it had been declared "extremist", distributed Jehovah's Witness literature in the village of Novotroitsk near Chita. Investigators claim they distributed 16 named texts, which were confiscated from them. "The crime was revealed by operational workers of the Regional Department of the FSB security service", the Investigation Committee noted (see F18News 12 September 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1612).
The prosecution followed early-morning raids on 8 February 2011 on the homes of 28 Jehovah's Witnesses in Chita. Police raided three more Jehovah's Witness homes in nearby Balei on 29 March 2011. Among those raided was the home of a couple in their seventies who had been exiled in the Soviet era for their religious beliefs, and rehabilitated in 1993 as victims of political repression (see F18News 13 April 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1562).
The Raitins' trial began under Judge Vera Popova at Chita District Court on 22 December 2011, and continued the following day, Jehovah's Witnesses told Forum 18. At the initial hearing on 10 October 2011, Judge Popova returned the case to prosecutors as it had been prepared "with violations", the court website noted. A new case was then prepared (see F18News 14 October 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1625).
"We never – even in our thoughts – incited hatred!" Andrei Raitin noted. "As Jehovah's Witness, my wife and I respect people of any religious faith and culture." He described the accusation as "invented". "I regard this case in essence as an attack on our religion."
After nearly a year and a half of investigation, the criminal trial of Jehovah's Witness elder Maksim Kalinin appears imminent at the City Court in Yoshkar-Ola in the Mari-El Republic. He too is accused under the same Article 282, Part 1. On 29 December 2011 prosecutors presented an indictment against him, Jehovah's Witnesses told Forum 18. As he was not well enough to go to the Prosecutor's Office, officials brought the indictment to his home that evening. The following day the case was handed to court.
Judge Sergei Makarov has been assigned the case at Yoshkar-Ola City Court, his secretary told Forum 18 on 10 January. However, she said no date for a preliminary hearing has yet been set.
The case against Kalinin followed August 2010 raids on private homes and a Jehovah's Witness worship service in Yoshkar-Ola at which he was present. Evidence rests on FSB security service surveillance "using a hidden camera in his home without his knowledge", according to a 30 March 2010 document issued by the Supreme Court of Mari-El Republic (see F18News 26 August 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1480).
The case under Article 282, Part 1 against Yelena Grigoryeva, a Jehovah's Witness from Akhtubinsk in the southern Astrakhan Region, appears close to reaching court. The investigator in the case, Aleksandr Glushchenko, handed her a new accusation on 20 December 2011, Jehovah's Witnesses told Forum 18.
The case against Grigoryeva began in early 2011 (see F18News 11 February 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1539). During the legal process her defence lawyer has faced pressure from the authorities to drop the case (see F18News 3 April 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1562).
The latest accusation – seen by Forum 18 – claims Grigoryeva "basing herself on the ideas of inciting religious hatred and enmity, as well as of propaganda of the exclusivity and superiority of people on the basis of their [attitude] to religion, having the criminal intention to commit actions directed at the public incitement of hatred and enmity, as well as the propaganda of exclusivity and superiority of people on the basis of their attitude to religion, committed from 2009 to February 2010 a crime of minor gravity against the foundations of the constitutional order and the security of the state".
The accusation then noted numerous occasions when Grigoryeva was alleged to have handed a banned Jehovah's Witness text to a named individual, although in each case Investigator Glushchenko notes "the exact date(s) was not established during the preliminary investigation".
Investigator Glushchenko rejected about ten challenges to the case submitted by Grigoryeva's defence, including one to have the case thrown out, Jehovah's Witnesses told Forum 18.
Glushchenko refused to tell Forum 18 on 10 January if the Prosecutor's Office has approved the accusation and handed it to court for a possible trial. Similarly, the woman who answered the phone at Akhtubinsk District Prosecutor's office the same day declined to discuss whether the Prosecutor has already or is likely to approve the case for court.
Jehovah's Witnesses describe the prosecution accusations as "unfounded". "I fundamentally disagree with the accusations levelled against me," Grigoryeva declared, "as I firmly believe in the benefits of applying biblical principles."
Grigoryeva's lawyer Gulfira Zakaryaeva also rejects the accusations. "Unfortunately I have to declare that the investigators did not try to establish the truth in this case," she declared. "All they did was to try using any means to accuse my client simply because she is a Jehovah's Witness."
It was only when officers of the Investigation Committee, the police and the FSB security service raided her home early on 8 February 2011 that Grigoryeva learnt that she was being investigated under Article 282, Part 1. Her personal religious books were confiscated during the raid. Several other Jehovah's Witness homes were raided in the coordinated operation (see F18News 11 February 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1539).
Three days later, Grigoryeva was forced to sign a statement to say she was leaving her job providing social care in the town "at her own request". Jehovah's Witnesses told Forum 18 that the local authority which employed her was visited by people who refused to say which government agency they were from, after which she was pressured to resign "to avoid problems" (see F18News 3 April 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1562).
On 17 February 2011 she was handed the official accusation that she had given others religious books which were on the Federal List. However, prosecutors appear to have found it difficult to prepare the case. An investigator told Forum 18 in July 2011 that it was due to be completed in August and handed to Akhtubinsk Town Court (see F18News 19 July 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1594). However, the District Prosecutor refused to approve the case and sent it back for further investigation, Jehovah's Witnesses told Forum 18. Indeed, the investigator admitted to Forum 18 that Grigoryeva had not harmed anyone (see F18News 12 September 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1612).
The 35-year-old Kalistratov has been leader of the Jehovah's Witness community in Gorno-Altaisk since 1999. He began studying Jehovah's Witness literature in 1993 and was baptised into the faith in 1994. In 2000 Kalistratov spent 21 days in detention after applying for the civilian alternative to military service. However, a court subsequently affirmed his right to conduct alternative service.
In December 2008, prosecutors in Gorno-Altaisk brought a suit to find 18 Jehovah's Witness publications "extremist". Kalistratov represented the local Jehovah's Witness community in court. Drawing on a June 2009 critical analysis by lecturers at Kemerovo State University, Gorno-Altaisk city court upheld the suit in October 2009, the first time a Russian court had declared any Jehovah's Witness publications "extremist". The Jehovah's Witness appeal failed and the ruling was confirmed by Altai Republic Supreme Court in January 2010 (see F18News 28 January 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1400).
Prosecutors then began investigating Kalistratov on accusations of violating Article 282, Part 1 of the Criminal Code. After investigation by the Investigator for Especially Important Cases of the Investigation Committee's Department for Investigating Especially Important Cases, Kalistratov was officially declared a suspect in August 2010. The Investigation Committee prepared an indictment against him the following month and handed the case to Gorno-Altaisk City Court. The preliminary hearing was held in October 2010.
During 22 subsequent days of court hearings, prosecutors presented no victims. Judge Marina Sokolovskaya finally handed down her verdict exonerating Kalistratov on 14 April 2011 (see F18News 20 April 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1565).
However, prosecutors appealed against the acquittal to Altai Republic Supreme Court. On 28 May 2011, the court annulled the April 2011 verdict and sent the case for a new trial.
Kalistratov's second trial at Gorno-Altaisk City Court began on 22 June 2011 under a new judge, Marina Kulikova. Despite no new evidence being presented in the subsequent 18 hearings, on 3 November 2011 Kalistratov was found guilty and sentenced to 100 hours' community service (see F18News 2 December 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1642).
Kalistratov appealed against the conviction, and in one hearing on 22 December 2011, a panel of three Judges of Altai Republic Supreme Court chaired by Igor Bobylev overturned the conviction and acquitted him, the court website noted. The written verdict – seen by Forum 18 – rejects many of the "facts" on which the November 2011 conviction was based as "unproven" or not true.
Present in court was Mikhail Odintsov, the official of Russia's Human Rights Ombudsperson's Office covering religious freedom issues, who had joined the appeal against the November 2011 conviction. He told the hearing there was no proof of any crime and no proof that Kalistratov had intended to incite hatred. He called the November 2011 verdict "a mistake of an individual judge who could not hand down an objective ruling, but whose ruling handed down was in contradiction to the totality of the materials presented in the court hearings". He described Kalistratov as a "victim".
In June 2011, Odintsov commented to Forum 18 that many criminal and administrative cases against religious communities "take place with violations of the right to freedom of conscience, violations of the rights of religious organisations and violations of the separation of church and state". He regards the many such cases as "one complex of measures against religious communities" (see F18News 29 June 2011 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1587).
Odintsov took the opportunity in court in December 2011 to refer to the case then underway in Tomsk to find the book the Bhagavad-Gita As It Is "extremist". He pointed out that the "pseudo-experts" of the same Kemerovo State University – which had found some Jehovah's Witness publications "extremist" in an earlier Gorno-Altaisk case which was used to help prosecute Kalistratov – had turned to "other Scriptures" which were "sacred to the followers of Hare Krishna Vaishnavas". He described their "expert analysis" of the Bhagavad-Gita As It Is as "absurd".
A personal commentary by Alexander Verkhovsky, Director of the SOVA Center for Information and Analysis http://www.sova-center.ru, about the systemic problems of Russian anti-extremism legislation, is at F18News 19 July 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1468.
On 2 January the Baptist Church in the north-eastern town of Kaji-Sai was burnt down. Baptists think this happened because nothing was done to punish the perpetrators of previous threats and attacks. Police claim to be trying to solve the crime, but are also investigating the victims.
On 2 January 2018 the Baptist Church in Kaji-Sai, in Kyrgyzstan's north-eastern Issyk-Kul [Ysyk-Kol] Region was burnt down. Baptists found bottles filled with petrol nearby, and although police claim to be investigating the crime local Baptists do not think this is the case.
Baptists are convinced that the arson attack happened because the police have done nothing to find and punish the perpetrators of a series of violations of human rights, including of freedom of religion and belief, that have taken place in the Region since 2010. These include violent threats and attacks, intimidation of people out of their homes and work, and refusals to allow non-Muslim dead to be buried according to their own ceremonies and rites (see below).
After one such incident, police summoned Baptists to meet their attackers in Karakol Police Station. After police officers expressed sympathy for the attackers, police then ordered the Baptists and their attackers "to write statements that they forgave each other and will have peace between themselves in future". The Baptists found the atmosphere of the meeting very intimidating and coercive, and for fear of state reprisals do not wish to name the police officers who were present (see below).
After the arson attack on the Church, police were very interested in investigating not the crime but the Church, and asking why ethnic Kyrgyz Christians did not go to a mosque. Police also suggested to Forum 18 that perhaps one of the Baptists had committed the arson attack (see below).
Police told Forum 18 that they were "doing their best to find the responsible persons". But Baptists told Forum 18 they do not think the police "will punish the perpetrators this time either". The Baptists also said that "we are still restoring and renovating the Church, and we will continue our services despite adversity" (see below).
The Baptist Church in Kaji-Sai in the north-eastern Issyk-Kul [Ysyk-Kol] Region started in the 1990s after the collapse of the Soviet Union, and received state registration in 1994. "We have carried our activity peacefully," a local Baptist told Forum 18 on 12 January 2018. "However, from the end of 2010 Christians in some of the villages of the Region [in most of which there are no state-registered churches] began receiving threats."
These threats are part of a wider pattern. From 2007 the state started ordering unregistered communities of Protestant Christians, Hare Krishna devotees, and Ahmadi Muslims in many parts of Kyrgyzstan to stop meeting for worship (see F18News 13 August 2009 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=1336). Mobs have also conducted violent attacks, including refusals to allow non-Muslim people to bury their dead in their own way, which the state has either failed to stop or has been complicit in encouraging (see Forum 18's Kyrgyzstan religious freedom survey http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2013). These attacks and state complicity in mob attacks on people trying to bury their dead continue, with impunity for officials who violate human rights (see eg. 22 March 2017 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2266).
From late 2010, Christians in villages of Issyk-Kul Region began to be threatened when they asked for grave plots to bury their dead. One such incident took place in Ak-Terek village in Jeti-Oguz District, about 60 kilometres (35 miles) from Kaji-Sai where the Baptist Church was burned on 2 January 2018.
On 16 December 2010 a group of about 10 local Baptists in Ak-Terek were meeting for worship. They are all ethnic Kyrgyz and were all born in the village. "Fifteen people [who were not known to the Baptists] came in three cars to the meeting. They forced the Baptists to go out of the meeting into the street. They told a Pastor who had come from Kaji-Sai that he corrupted people in Ak-Terek," a local Protestant told Forum 18 on 12 January 2018. The attackers threatened that they will "smash the cars of the believers if they continue meeting for worship in Ak-Terek".
The 15 attackers also threatened people in Ak-Terek that they will not allow those who converted to Christianity to be buried in the local cemetery, and that "converts will have problems".
Baptists complained to the police about the attack and threats, and on 22 January 2011 Issyk-Kul Regional Police summoned the Baptists to meet their attackers in Karakol [the regional capital] Police Station. The meeting was organised by Lieutenant Colonel Arsen Samayev, Head of the 10th Division of the Regional Police, which oversees cases involving freedom of religion and belief. Police refused to prosecute the attackers, and two police officers in the meeting stated that "if we did not work for the police we would have attacked you also because we are Muslims". Another police officer told the Baptists in the meeting that "if Ak-Terek village decided to evict Baptists, police cannot stop this as there are only 70 police in the District".
Police then ordered the Baptists and their attackers "to write statements that they forgave each other and will have peace between themselves in future". The Baptists found the atmosphere of the meeting very intimidating and coercive, and for fear of state reprisals do not wish to name the police officers who were present.
On 31 January 2011 local Baptists asked Ak-Terek Kenesh [council] to allocate them a plot of land for burials. They hoped that this would help avoid conflicts over burials. The Kenesh organised a public meeting to decide on the request on 22 February. About 200 people from the area attended, including the police, several village imams, and the Head Imam of Jeti-Oguz District.
All imams are appointed by the government, which has increasingly sought to control the public expression of Islam (see Forum 18's Kyrgyzstan religious freedom survey http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2013).
Baptists told Forum 18 that the imams "were very active in the discussions and changed the alleged topic of the meeting to ‘how to stop the Baptists'". The imams suggested that local people: stop allowing Baptists' children to attend the village school; stop their cattle grazing on village pastures; not allow their dead to be buried in village cemeteries; and not give them a separate plot of land for a cemetery.
The police filmed the meeting, and took no action about this open encouragement to attack the human rights of the Baptists. The Kenesh did not grant the Baptist's request.
While non-Muslims faced increasing difficulties in providing burials for their dead in their own way, in 2009 the government abdicated its responsibilities and increased these difficulties with a small but crucial sentence in a revised Religion Law. A new Article 16, Part 3 stated: "Recognition of regulations of use of confessional cemeteries and regulations of cemetery exactions shall be governed by regulations of local municipalities". With this sentence the government legitimised the power of local imams to control who is buried in state-owned cemeteries not owned by religious communities (see Forum 18's Kyrgyzstan religious freedom survey http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2013).
In spring 2011 villagers demanded that Ak-Terek's Baptists either renounce their faith or leave the village. In May 2011 local police held a meeting with village elders and the Baptists, and demanded that local people stop disturbing the Baptists and that the Baptists gain state registration. This was and remains impossible for the small group of Baptists in Ak-Terek, as 200 founders are needed to gain state registration (see F18News 18 January 2012 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=1657).
Afterwards, due to increasing difficulties caused by some people, a teacher working in the village who is a Baptist was forced to "voluntarily" resign from their job. A local Baptist who was working as a blacksmith then found that some people organised a rota of people to openly keep watch outside his forge to intimidate villagers to stop bringing him work. This forced boycott continued until the blacksmith was forced to leave the village because of lack of work. After he was forced out, some people also obstructed his sale of his house.
Despite the open intimidation outside the blacksmith's shop, the police did nothing to stop this. Also, "throughout this time the authorities did not take any measures to punish imams or any locals who spread hatred against our believers", Baptists told Forum 18.
Lieutenant Colonel Samayev organised the January 2011 meeting between Baptists and their attackers, which resulted in the forced "forgiveness". He refused to say why police had not opened prosecution against the Baptist's attackers. "I am not competent to answer you. There is the Ministry of the Interior over me," he claimed.
Lieutenant Colonel Samayev became angry when Forum 18 asked whether the police film of the February 2011 council meeting, where threats were openly made against Baptists, provided enough evidence to start investigations and possible prosecutions. "Who the hell you are you to tell me what to do and what not to do?" he replied. He did not answer questions on why police had not investigated public intimidation of villagers in Ak-Terek, and then put the phone down.
Colonel Ulan Biybosunov, Head of the police 10th Division in the Interior Ministry in the capital Bishkek, claimed to Forum 18 on 24 January that he was not aware of attacks on and threats against Baptists from 2010. Asked whether the Ministry had ever asked police not to investigate and prosecute cases involving attacks against non-Muslims, he replied: "I cannot say anything". Asked whether his 10th Division will investigate the lack of police action, he asked for questions in writing and refused to talk further.
In December 2016 Colonel Biybosunov refused to say why neither the Imams nor the state officials involved in the two forced exhumations and the seizure and hiding of a deceased Protestant's body had been brought to justice (see F18News 15 December 2016 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2239).
In 2013 unknown attackers broke the windows of the Kaji-Sai Baptist Church. The Church did not complain to the authorities about this attack. The next attack was on 26 December 2015, when the building's roof was seriously damaged by rocks and stones being thrown onto it, and all the windows were broken. The damage was so severe that the entire roof had to be replaced.
The Church complained about this attack to Ton District Police, but "they took no action to find the perpetrators and punish them", Baptists complained. The Baptists also received no response from police to their formal written complaint about the attack.
Janibek Asharaliyev, Head of Ton District Police, claimed to Forum 18 on 19 January 2018 that he had not heard of the 2015 attack on the Church. "I hear this for the first time from you. If the Church writes an official complaint, we will respond and investigate this." Asked if the police will investigate the officers who were in charge in 2015, he claimed this would happen if the Church made another "official complaint".
It is unclear why the police claim they need to wait for victims to complain before police will investigate criminal offences they already know about.
Pamir Kutuyev, Head of Kaji-Sai Kenesh [council], maintained that "this type of hooligan attack happens against Muslims or anyone. The authorities are not always able to detect the responsible persons", he claimed to Forum 18 on 19 January. He claimed to have asked the police to investigate, but could not explain why nothing had happened.
Kaji-Sai Baptists suspect that the January 2018 arson attack could have been sparked by the burial of a (non-Baptist) Protestant man from the village of Barskoon in Jeti–Oguz District. Villagers led by the local imam had opposed his burial in Barskoon, so he was buried in the Kaji-Sai cemetery used by Baptists. The authorities in Issyk-Kul Region have taken no action against those who obstructed the burial (see F18News 1 February 2018 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2349).
A few hours before the on 2 January arson attack on Kaji-Sai Church, three young men approached some older female Baptists who were about to enter the Church's grounds. "It was daylight but the sisters did not recognise the men," Baptists told Forum 18. "They shouted nasty curses at our sisters, and threatened that they will have problems because of attending Church." The men then walked away. On the same night the arson took place.
In patriarchal Kyrgyz society, any insult or attack on women is seen as for more serious than a similar insult or attack on men. Galina Kolodzinskaya, an independent religious expert in Bishkek, told Forum 18 on 19 January that compared to men, women are much less subject to public attacks or insults. "Even in the Kyrgyz-Uzbek interethnic conflict in 2010 in the south of Kyrgyzstan, the assailants spared women. It is a question of honour in our society. However, it is obvious that these women were insulted because they are Baptists."
Captain Mirbek Tabaldiyev, Deputy Head of Ton District Police, told Forum 18 on 18 January that police showed some suspects to the Baptist women, but they did not recognise them. Baptists confirmed this to Forum 18.
On 2 January 2018 unidentified attackers burned the Kaji-Sai Baptist Church building down. Baptists told Forum 18 that "we found some bottles filled with petrol after the fire subsided".
Baptists resumed meeting for worship in the building from 7 January after partial reconstruction. Baptists, who wished to remain unnamed for fear of their safety and state reprisals, told Forum 18 on 18 January that: "we are still restoring and renovating the Church, and we will continue our services despite adversity".
The Baptists told Forum 18 that they think that the arson attack happened because the police and other state authorities have done nothing to catch and punish the perpetrators of previous threats and attacks in Issyk-Kul Region.
Aleksandr Shumilin, a Baptist pastor who chairs the Association of Evangelical Churches, agreed with this assessment. "We suspect that the people who burnt the Kaji-Sai Church were encouraged by the fact no previous attacks against us were punished," he told Forum 18 on 19 January. Pastor Shumilin also thought that this may be related to "the negative attitude in society against ethnic Kyrgyz who convert to the Christian faith".
In 2012 Kaji-Sai Baptists told Forum 18 that they thought gaining state registration (which they have had since 1994) may help minimise attacks (see F18News 18 January 2012 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=1657). After the series of incidents culminating in the arson attack, they have told Forum 18 that they no longer think this.
Ton District Police head Asharaliyev told Forum 18 that they were treating the case as arson, "because of all the evidence we collected". But when his Deputy Captain Tabaldiyev, who is leading the investigation, with his colleagues questioned Baptists, they spent a lot of time asking for detailed information and lists of all Church members, who finances the Church, and why ethnic Kyrgyz members of the Church do not go to the local Mosque. "Half of the time they asked this kind of question instead of looking for the criminals," Baptists complained.
After an Ahmadi Muslim was murdered in December 2015, Osh Regional Police spokesperson Jenishbek Ashirbayev told Forum 18: "There are two sides of the issue, one is the murder, and the other is the unregistered freedom of religion or belief of the Ahmadis". Asked why the authorities were seeking to punish the Ahmadis instead of investigating the murder, Ashirbayev reiterated that both the murder and the Ahmadi Community's activity were being investigated (see F18News 18 February 2016 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2150).
Captain Tabaldiyev denied to Forum 18 that he and his colleagues had asked ethnic Kyrgyz Christians why they do not go to a mosque. He then claimed that they had asked the other questions because "maybe someone who attended the Church set it on fire". However, to the Baptists he had stated: "You built a Church in the midst of Muslims, and those who don't like your Church burnt it".
Captain Tabaldiyev claimed to Forum 18 that police were "doing their best to find the responsible persons". But Baptists told Forum 18 they do not think the police "will punish the perpetrators this time either".
Colonel Ulan Biybosunov, Head of the 10th Division in the Interior Ministry, refused to say whether a proper investigation of the arson attack is taking place.
Kaji-Sai Kenesh [council] Head Kutuyev told Radio Free Europe on 4 January that "he would warn against jumping to a conclusion that the fire was a hate-motivated act." He claimed that "there are no religious reasons behind" the Church fire and that "there is no religious discord in Kaji-Sai". When Forum 18 asked him why he thinks this, he stated that he has worked as the Head of the Kenesh since 2014 and that "until now we did not have serious arguments between various religions here in Kaji-Sai".
There has been serious criticism of Kyrgyzstan's human rights record and calls for systemic remedial action by United Nations (UN) treaty bodies. For example, the UN Human Rights Committee in its 2014 Concluding Observations (CCPR/C/KGZ/CO/2) called on Kyrgyzstan to "remove all restrictions incompatible with article 18 ["Freedom of thought, conscience and religion"] of the Covenant [the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights]", as well as to "take measures, including through public statements and awareness-raising campaigns, to promote religious tolerance and condemn any act of religious intolerance and hatred. The State party should also investigate all cases of violence based on religion, prosecute perpetrators and compensate victims" (see http://tbinternet.ohchr.org/_layouts/treatybodyexternal/Download.aspx?symbolno=CCPR/C/KGZ/CO/2&Lang=En).
Similarly, the UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in its 2013 Concluding observations (CERD/C/KGZ/CO/5-7) recommended that Kyrgyzstan "strongly condemn the discriminatory statements and hate speech by politicians and media. The Committee particularly recommends that the State party take appropriate measures to investigate, prosecute and punish such acts and take appropriate measures to prevent them" (see http://tbinternet.ohchr.org/_layouts/treatybodyexternal/Download.aspx?symbolno=CERD/C/KGZ/CO/5-7&Lang=En).
The UN Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture (SPT) carried out its first regular visit to Kyrgyzstan from 19 to 28 September 2012. Its report (CAT/OP/KGZ/1) found that "torture and ill-treatment is prevalent in the country", caused by among other factors "the impunity and general lack of accountability of officials" (see http://tbinternet.ohchr.org/_layouts/treatybodyexternal/Download.aspx?symbolno=CAT%2fOP%2fKGZ%2f1&Lang=en). For example, the authorities have refused to bring to justice officials who tortured Jehovah's Witnesses in Osh in August 2015 (see F18News 3 March 2016 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2155).
There is no apparent evidence that the government has any serious intent of acting upon these UN treaty body recommendations, or the binding international human rights law obligations they stem from. For instance, out of around 70 people in mobs incited by officials who twice exhumed a deceased Protestant's body, only four were in February 2017 given suspended sentences. None were given the jail sentences of between three and five years Kyrgyzstan's domestic law requires. None of the responsible officials were prosecuted (see F18News 22 March 2017 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2266). (END)
We would like to be healthy and we would like to remain healthy through the turmoils that we confront in your everyday life. I finished it around per month.
To be a no all-vegetable for me personally I'm a lover of Italian made remedied beef for example pork and salmon. I really don't imagine kids are very lazy, but are not encouraged proficiently by their parents.
We're very much accustomed to the telltale opinions that we infrequently request or are even mindful of them. Nevertheless, if one is trying to find lasting success and even preserve themselves sane by eating sugars, then Low carb really should be avoided.
Body fat loss training programs don't suggest doing remarkably strenuous weight routines or wearing a person out. read this But this is a smaller notice for you.
Lots of physicians can also provide you with often how going on a fast might be adverse on your well-remaining. You could expect it's too late to examine yet another vocabulary, but you may well be wrong.
Furthermore, this series supplies us several morning training course on trial base to gain access to in the event the training course is absolutely a good choice for us. Attempt to the dialogue wrinkles the same manner they are doing inside the dvd.
And guess what comes about when you use-up more calories than consumed, perfect? All of the three plan would expect you to drink 16 ounces of tepid to warm water with fresh lemon juice each morning.
Fresh vegetables are best steamed. Once I mentioned above, Detonate Spanish is not just a reading training.
How Might Managing Melt away Excess weight ? news It is advisable to exercise session often with a realistic eating habits, age.gary the gadget guy.
Cargo area incredibly dandy maintenance of dietetical can livelihood ironlike maraca and hale and you really are second-rate possibility to experience problems stated earlier. The hilt area will start on the mix-safeguard and finishes for the pommel.
It is rather straightforward program for losing weight fast. Taking a walk carrying out a supper, might be a youthful day walk or lunchtime stroll, an element that will boost your pulse rate and metabolism.
Desires for food decreaser fat burners guide weight reduction by inducing the shape to imagine it's mostly total and never greedy.
There are various well known cottages that you can choose from with regards to housing when it is in Madeira. Vegatables and fruits: Take in plenty of clean vegetables and fruit to get all-natural minerals. You'll want to handle most of the causes.
Though with the advent from the Internet, the whole process of learning to speak spanish has evolved greatly. www.yourshortlink.net Microwaves are really popular that everyone usually takes them without any consideration. If you are ready to implement the technology to take care of some office environment chores, additionally, it can match your need.
Whatever the case, the final determination happens to be you. It lowers bingeing. Soup meal plans must not be made use of for a extensive-time period eating habits.
A lot better than expressing guiri alerts of Qu significa? Keep in mind, however, an average person is not going to get cut or aficionado until at the least a few months. In any event ., you are looking at an instant method to drop body fat.
The muscle mass started set and then would not get that stretched out appearance directly to them ever again. yourshortlink.net/melt-your-mans-heart So Persia explains to you this selection way too. Fake trans extra fat trigger from excessive weight to a lot cancer malignancy to cardiovascular disease, and many more.
Some kinds of adhesive is capable of holding completely even if you do not utilize some strain. That is certainly likely a wholesome method to reside. The pieces within the Diet Solution Program critique life style alternatives and give guidelines.
Weight Training Exercise For Weight loss Concept #3: Eating plan plays the main element. is just about the hardest activities to do. Italian furniture is also recognized for very higher building.
Concept this a chance rather than a undertaking. Options, Options, Conclusions. Rebec is also a men and women new music during which there are many of tool gamers required beating percussion and clarinet.
In general, the standard Japanese people specific will go walking amongst three to five miles daily. Press-fedex - lots of people find this exercising difficult and you may vary the issue by doing the work with your knee joints or next to a wall. Most almond items include copious amounts of sugars.
Built-in Motivation and Manning Development browse around here http://www.goodwebdiscount.com/the-magic-of-making-up
Well introduced, incredibly informative but may be monotonous to the people accustomed to excess weight great loss alternatives. Not for-The spanish language inhabitants are vulnerable to money duty solely on property positioned in Italy. Go overboard..
People advanced more than thousands of years dieting full of uncooked fresh fruits, fruit and vegetables, seeds and nuts. HCG helps sculpt prevalent problem areas, such as decreasing how much unwanted fat transferred in double chins and getting rid of container waistlines. Nevertheless recognition is world-wide and perhaps they are regarded as being extremely esteemed mehndi types.
Their style identification technology is so correct for you to seem like you will be with an genuine coach. Put motor the pub soda to make a crepe mixture that can drop from a scoop, then stir before concoction is clean. Ensure that the vast majority of one's portions of wheat merchandise is 100Per cent whole grain.
A lot of them are effective and provide great final results. HCG themselves is certainly a beneficial food cravings depressent so that you will likely not feel people hunger inside your weight-loss. Your next best substitute is to locate excellent on-line, software program, or sound course to learn spanish cd.
Medication located through the essential simple fact, you walk into authenticity. Take out ointment from whole milk prior to usage. with square timepieces and then for some the round variety is what meets them.
We need to have got a sensible and prosperous meal. In this article we will take a look at many of the basic items to assist you, regardless of what diet plan you select. Obtain useful information on observation stigma and dinged observation at the Eye Appointment web site.
If you're only starting at, you will have to get an understanding of what excess weight meets your requirements. You need to understand the need for losing weight. http://www.yourshortlink.net/adonis-golden-ratio The truth is, the modification of diet regime just isn't as negative as it seemed in a initial peek.
Or perhaps you will find some Document How to speak spanish understanding publications to read on the net or on your computer. Right after with the desirable total, the residual sugar and carbohydrates becomes become fat and brackets in the adipose flesh. And be concerned gals.
Men and women Tibet used The exotic goji Fruit to increase their body's defence mechanism and to improve their energy. To cut back a specific volume of energy to shed pounds is an easy point, if observed rigorously by way of a appropriate weight loss program. A lot more eating routine=extra lean muscle!
In comparison with some other sort of personal growth publications most people won't need to provide you with an opportune or just a few comments. No, its not gourmet coffee, or light beer, or wine beverage. Regardless of these gains, a person can not leave out the negative uncomfortable side effects connected with an extremely fat limited diet program and thorough exercise sessions.
There are lots of creates and designs of the automobile adapter which can be also readily accessible online. discount That is wholly regular should you have many alternatives. Staff Beachbody Guru Business is a snap and duplicable.
You will want to replace candies with much healthier choices like fresh fruits, vegetables and hard working liver. In german Shepherds have increase layers, this implies that they've incredibly wide pelt. It really is well-advised you get 3 Xenical drugs every single day, in a home trainer time following every last key meal using a 100 % glass water.
For several weeks 2 and three, you may go to additional challenging workout routines, such as managing and riding a bike. What's more, if you then have a higher Body mass index or maybe a substantial stomach area, you're thought to have metabolic affliction. Marriage Sherpa Reviews Autism is available in various kinds plus varying seriousness.
It will not in any respect allow you to accomplish your primary goal as part of your ideal time. In return imagine picture through the words you may have obtained. You can get on the web education on the net containing How to speak spanish education for the children.
Effectively, the visible link between acne breakouts and pressure is very believed provoking, even when not quite strong? One of the better all-natural heartburn or acid reflux treatments is to change your diet and lifestyle. Just to inform you that a majority of craving for food urges are not even desires for food!
Shell out at the very least one hour, when getting your exercise. It's also needed to combine the moment in addition to your frame of mind while in utilization a unique items. in usual everyday dialogue.
The worst flooding possibly listed happened March 1784. Its never ever very easy to deliver unfavorable opinions pertaining to someones work, speculate a leader you cannot avoid it. Alcohol consumption sets great deal of adverse affect the healthiness of the person.
Accomplish for much more darkish fruits and veggies and larger fiber whole, but confining the whole many choosing for larger proteins food. There is certainly additional sitting on wide-spread heath care treatment than just heath care treatment only. Besides these points, the following are 5 critical food items to have good lose weight and have the highest fat reduction.
When that can take put, your body isn't getting eliminated weight, it melts away muscle tissues you may need. Focus on! It's not always uncomplicated, however it is significant.
Really don't think that should you be weary that to relax and play bring metal nutritional supplements. Looking through The 5 Best Secrets of Life is a transformative undertaking. free download ebook Providing them in more detail what your instruction agenda options are will without a doubt help a lot within their suggestions.
If you do breastfeed, ensure you will be providing one's body the energy resource it will take with the excess strength demand. Proper will assure that exercising is imparted efficiently, inside specific deadlines. Fat loss surgical treatments frequently seek to take out large areas of the abdominal (stomach get around) or enhancement an adaptable wedding band across the abdominal ().
A variety of them need about 30Per-cent a lot more energy compared to what they include for being consumed. Prior to configuring the Holiday sapling take a position, to look around the area and take into consideration the ideal spot. Metabolic strength training can certainly be introduced in workouts like kettlebell education.
greater than a diet regime for healthy living for a lot of people. There are not any miraculous bullets to losing weight, no tablet or system which would help you. Scam But don't feel sick, simply because learning the Asian is even challenging for The chinese independently due to its difficulties.
You may take action inside your own home for the spinning cycle or out traveling or pistes. The each day ezine instructions provide an affordable and convenient technique for transmitting you your daily coaching. No such elements that were confirmed to suggest support loss are found in a great number of food.
How to achieve it: It is possible to switch drinking water missing all through a standard working day by consuming not less than 6-8 8 ounces. Real spanish distribute generally almost everywhere and today men and women speak Spanish language in The eu, Japan, South and north The united states. Moreover it truly is unhealthy for one to instantly eliminate many bodyweight.
The greater capsaicin the foodstuff have, the more expensive is its excess fat using up consequence. to shed weight, just like many interests. buy Addict hardworking liver ailment is a result of in excess of eating of alcohol consumption, often from overeat sipping or from period of time use.
As extended as you training 3-4 days 7 days continually, your metabolic rate is going to be raised virtually 24For each7. Dinners full of fructose and sugar and carbohydrates ratio. nickle has trapped the interest rate of your general public along with his skinny appears.
It is best to pay attention to newborn demands as well. click the up coming post Individuals don't need here we are at healthy and balanced your morning meal meals. The most effective way about is usually to reduce your usage of calories rather than choosing right diet program.
A chiropractors health practitioner Doctor. Amaze..is it real, you shed much?!" I became surprised. The diet plan is a snap but it really wont entirely remove sensation of being hungry, in the end you experience effortless a sense of being hungry.
Jenny Dark-colored could be the economic analyzer at HealthInsuranceUK. When it comes to appropriate and economical organizations, simply because need to meet up with deadlines and use time limitations, this is especially true. Determined by that the unwanted fat needs to go, workout routines vary.
attractive languages that's been vocal. We've chosen them carefully. Most individuals choose to take a limited family vacations in the course of week-ends.
Study loudly. Conversely live flowers of course have digestive support enzymes. This is exactly what I would not recognize with regards to the AbRocket.
Sure much like long when i did not imagination swallowing capsules, I would personally continue to keep reducing your weight. Other trainers also market diet pills that happen to be claimed to help with losing belly fat without having physical exercise required. Tummy Physical exercise #1: In .The Meltdown Hold" Are lying on a lawn like you will definitely perform a usual recession.
Getting rid of unwanted weight can be achieved much easier to eat pure food items, and this will cause you to be better, also. These 3 genera are: masculine, woman's and neuter. actions to learn in the day.
I've seen this in many nations where people converse various different languages, this also won't make any difference. Wow, and one more suggestion: Persistence is extremely important. The 12-few days diet and attractive recipes are designed to help individuals ideally and effectively put this diet plan into training.
Striving to modify your diet plan is often a difficult job for anybody to help you loosen up at the very least for example morning per week. visit the up coming site With his expertise in coping with German educational sessions, we have found out that it strategy performs like a charm. Though Rosetta Gemstone The german language may help you in performing that, you have to usually training it.
The steel detailer produces “instruction manuals” for your fabrication store and the sector erection crew. With no breaking any from the constraints outlined inside the arch/struct drawings (and protection rules) - the steel detailer will have to strive to make the fabrication and set up on the steel as quick and straightforward as you possibly can.
These drawings are prepared because of the contractor (in his drawing Business office) or off loaded to specialised companies. During the earlier, they were painstakingly geared up by specialist draftsmen but now Modelling program creates these drawings.
These drawings are applicable only to assist the fabricators during the manufacture While using the steel perform factors all through the job. They don't encompass specifics of erection and setup from the steel associates from the undertaking.
But this data is not ample for your tailor. He should take measurements for each personnel and depending upon the midsection and neck sizes as well as other parameters come up with a fabric slicing diagram for each staff If your uniform is to fit the staff the right way.
A computer-aided detailer also demands expertise in applying computer systems and an knowledge of the specific CAD program He's to employ.
Fabricators from everywhere in the globe are inquiring about our services. You should never hesitate to present us a call these days. We will get you in touch by using a Make contact with human being right away to reply any concerns you'll have.
Right now, manual drafting has become largely changed by Laptop or computer-aided drafting (CAD). A steel detailer using computer-aided procedures creates his drawings on a computer, applying package exclusively designed for the function, and printing out his drawings on paper only when they are finish.
The shop drawings are meant to be used from the fabrication shop, and therefore comprise little or no information regarding the erection and set up of the steel customers they depict; this information and facts belongs inside the erection drawings.
Tekla Constructions is productive and functional application for structural steel detailers and fabricators. It is possible to produce a detailed 3D product of virtually any steel Steel Detailing building from industrial and industrial jobs to stadiums and huge rise Homes.
To read more ship RFI or request for facts into the anxious member, if he is not positive of any data pertaining to your challenge.
With the more and more inadequate excellent of agreement drawings staying issued now it is completely significant to operate with a highly skilled detailer who is familiar with the business within and out..
Post the detailed diagrams to an engineer or architect in advance of fabrication commences for good analysis.
The detailer pretty much builds the company in 3D just before developing unique retailer drawings With click here all the look.
Architects are chargeable for the key site-out Proportions Despite the fact that complying with codes, anticipations and specs.
There are various steel detailers on the globe these days, some excellent, some not so very good. How Did you know When your dealing with a very good detailer?
This subsequent interval is important in creating a total and specific list of steel component drawings. During the midst of this phase, considered as surely one of our authorities will check here go from the full list of files, check for all pertinent particulars linked to your scope of labor.
3D modeling is definitely the method utilized for steel detailing and that is a complicated version of 2D drafting. 3D offers an improved visualization and insight into your project.
When for your engineering organization, loads of the perform was structural constructing with steel details While using the designs he would build.
Steel detailers in our firm provide finest work for any type of projects like homes, villas, buildings, towers, bridges etc. We at DJ Steel Engineering Consultant, assist you in every manner to provide get more info awesome services at affordable rates.
Imperial College was host last week to Manuel Hassassian, the Palestinian Authority’s diplomatic representative to the UK, following reactions to a talk with the Israeli ambassador Mark Regev back in January (Dr. Hassassian does not have the rank of ambassador as the UK does not presently recognize Palestine as a sovereign state). The talk was well attended by members of the student body and provoked discussion on both sides of the conflict.
The talk was hosted by Dr Matthew Wraith, who was pleased that his call to action at the end of the event with the Israeli ambassador for the other side of the debate to be showcased had been answered. Unlike the Israeli ambassador’s talk which was shrouded in secrecy, Hassassian’s visit was advertised well in advance.
The format of the event was essentially the same to Regev’s visit, with Hassassian giving a half hour opening talk before initiating a discussion and taking questions from the floor. In his opening monologue, Hassassian spoke about the current state of the conflict, how he felt that there was currently “no light at the end of the tunnel”, and how negotiations were essentially non existent. His talk covered everything from the involvement of the United Nations in the peace process and the resolutions that they have passed, to criticisms of the United States’ handling of their role as the “broker of peace”.
Unlike the Israeli Ambassador’s talk which was shrouded in secrecy, Hassassian’s visit was advertised well in advance
Hassassian also touched on President Trump’s meeting earlier last week with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, referring to it as merely “lip service”, and questioned if Trump even knew “the difference between a two-state and one-state solution”. He further accused Trump’s delegation of being biased against Palestine and called them partisan (referring to the US Special Representative for International Negotiations, Jason Greenblatt, and Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner).
The ambassador also chastised Trump’s inflammatory comments in which he reduced the complexity of the situation. Last week the US President referred to the Israel/Palestine conflict as “something that I think is, frankly, maybe not as difficult as people have thought over the years”. Hassassian pointed out that the situation wasn’t quite like “buying real estate in Las Vegas”.
Trump didn’t take home the award of Hassassian’s “Most Failed President in US History” though, that honour was awarded to Barack Obama, who the ambassador felt had accomplished next to nothing in the conflict.
Trump didn’t take home the award of Hassassian’s “Most Failed President in US History” though, that honour was awarded to Barack Obama
Despite criticisms, Hassassian seemed to be a firm believer that peace negotiations via international bodies (UN, US Government etc.) were the only way forward and that “Palestinians cannot liberate Palestine by firearms”. This faith in external mediation was contrasted by his frustration towards international bodies which he feels have done very little to end the conflict. “[Palestine and Israel today are] stuck between the historically inevitable and the politically impossible,” Hassassian said, and later added his doubts about the prospect of a two-state solution.
Following Hassassian’s opening speech, the questions section produced heated and emotional discussion from the audience and Hassassian alike, and the topics of the Palestinian Authority Martyrs Fund, the UN, and the effectiveness of the PLO (Palestinian Liberation Organisation) were discussed amongst other things.
The event was realised thanks to efforts by Farri Gaba, an aeronautics undergraduate, who was pleased to see students from a range of backgrounds participating in the conversation. “I took inspiration from the previous Israeli ambassador’s talk about the Palestinian-Israeli conflict to invite his direct counterpart to discuss the same conflict from the opposing view” says Gaba. “I did this to offer interested students a breadth of perspective and understanding.”
Wraith is confident that these talks are a testament to a change in the culture of political apathy Imperial has been known for
Dr Wraith, the chair of both events, was similarly pleased with outcome of the talk: “This time there was a very good turnout of critical voices from the audience which I welcomed. I contacted the Israeli Society and the Jewish society beforehand, just as I contacted the Palestinian society last time, saying ‘come along, get involved, confront him with what you think and what you know’. They responded and got involved.”
Wraith is confident that these talks are a testament to a change in the culture of political apathy Imperial has been known for: ”I don’t think scientists have the option of being apolitical now, if they ever did. And judging by the rate at which this event sold out, I don’t think anyone wants to be”. This event takes place just weeks after 10,000 scientists and allies participated in the London ‘March for Science’. Trump’s recent attack on climate change and science in general, as well as the potential fallout that Brexit might cause to research funding, have highlighted the relevance of politics to the scientific community. “Already I’ve got yet more emails from students, just like Farri last time” added Wraith, ”saying ‘why don’t we do another event on India-Pakistan in Kashmir? Why don’t we get other ambassadors along?’ There are plans underway. Watch this space.”
Gaba himself has plans to make this a regular occurrence on campus: “I hope to keep this momentum in student interest and appetite going into next year, with similar high profile guests. I hope to extend the scope of the topics discussed to different areas of global politics and economics… Europe, America and the Asia-Pacific. I will hopefully be doing this from within a club soon to be established as ‘The Speakers Club’”. Watch this space indeed.
(from a recent dialogue that I had on a news/comment site) or believe they have more important things to do:
The Top 4 Audit gives us the information on Operating System and other Microsoft software in Control 3 – in my case I am missing updates for Internet Explorer, Windows, .NET, Office and others, all pretty much unavoidable since they get updated almost every month, and any new installation will be behind almost automatically.
Anyway, getting the Operating System up-to-date is straightforward, simply run Microsoft Update (the more complete version of Windows Update) a couple of times until all pending updates are applied, and in the process, configure it for automatic installation going forward.
You can do this without leaving your newly set up standard user (for me “wolfgang”, see last week’s post), but you will have to give the credentials for your administrator user every once in a while. From Desktop, access the Control Panel, and then click on System and Security, under Windows Updates, click on Check for Updates. If you have not done so before, also opt-in to automatic updates from here on. My first run of Windows Update gave me 920 MB to download, which took about 45 minutes to install.
After installing these 84 patches and rebooting, a second run gave me another 600 MB, which took roughly 30 minutes to install plus reboot. A third run gave me 5 MB and was just the latest Flash player update embedded in Internet Explorer 10, a really important 2-week old update as it fixes a 0-day vulnerability. But my Top 4 Score now looks quite a bit better: A in Control 4 and A in Control 3 for an overall score of “C”.
and even better from now on updates should be relatively easy and quick. Just need to pay pay attention at Patch Tuesday every month and let the machine update itself.
0 day adobe company news flash ie industry news microsoft notification oracle Patch Tuesday pc product news security ssl vulnerabilities
If you’ve ever seen bees flying around at night, there’s a good chance they’re so-called “ZomBees”—honey bees whose brains are under the control of tiny fly larvae growing inside their bodies.
Get up close and personal with Zombie flies and ZomBees. Image A shows an adult Zombie fly. Image B shows the Zombie fly laying eggs in a honey bee’s abdomen. Note the size difference between the two insects. Image C shows the Zombie fly larvae emerging from a dead honey bee’s abdomen. Credit: http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0029639
This chilling occurrence was discovered by San Francisco State University Professor John Hafernik while he was collecting dead bees to feed his pet praying mantis. He forgot a few bees in a test tube for a couple of weeks, and was shocked when he discovered that something had hatched from their bodies.
Hafernik and his students, concerned by the addition of a new threat to the already struggling honey bee, began studies on the zombie flies and infected bees. They found that the flies, which were known to parasitize bumble bees and paper wasps, were now targeting honey bees as well.
Their research showed that seventy-seven percent of sites sampled in the San Francisco Bay Area were infected. Could this be happening to honey bees all across North America? To find out, Hafernik and his colleagues launched the ZomBee Watch Citizen Science program, which teaches ordinary citizens how to collect ZomBee samples and report their findings online.
This ambitious and far-reaching program was ranked in SciStarter’s top 10 Citizen Science programs of 2015. Samples have been reported all over the United States, from Hawaii to Massachusetts, and even from Canada! Citizen scientists have made important discoveries and extended the range of zombie fly parasitism of honey bees to the Pacific Northwest, the eastern US, the eastern US, the southern US, and both western and eastern Canada.
Locations of ZomBee samples collected across North America by citizen scientists. Source: https://www.zombeewatch.org/map/public#.WHkv3fkrLIU
When Planet Bee Foundation learned of this threat to our favorite insect, we knew that we had to do something. Planet Bee is a San Francisco-based educational nonprofit on a mission to save the world – one bee and one student at a time. We teach lessons on bee biology and behavior, pollination, Colony Collapse Disorder, beekeeping, and honey harvesting at schools, nonprofits, and businesses throughout northern California. Our goal is to create a green-minded generation of environmental stewards using the teaching lens of the struggling honey bee and the power of individual action. Planet Bee teamed up with Professor Hafernik and SF State University’s Biology department to create our own hands-on lesson on how to catch and study ZomBees.
Students at Oak Grove Elmentary and Argonne Elementary build ZomBee Light Traps with help from Planet Bee Educators. Source: Planet Bee Foundation
Through our ZomBee Watch K-12 School Program (ZBW), Planet Bee educators visit schools and teach students how to become ZomBee Hunters! In this three-day program, students learn the basic biology of ZomBees, design, build and deploy their own ZomBee light traps, and examine the contents of their traps to determine whether they have caught any ZomBees. Students post their findings on the official ZomBee Watch website; thus contributing to real scientific research on the geographical spread of the zombie fly. Teachers at Bay Area schools interested in bringing ZBW to their students can sign up here.
Planet Bee has enjoyed working with Bay Area schools such as Oak Grove Elementary and Argonne Elementary, and is looking forward to piloting our national remote ZBW program with students at Sandwich STEM Academy in Massachusetts this spring.. As we tell our students at the end of each class, please take a little time out of your day to ask, “What can I do to help the bees?” Would you like to help the bees? We would love to hear from you!
Planet Bee Foundation will begin offering ZBW to out-of-state schools in the fall of 2017. If you’re a teacher at a school outside of northern California and you’re interested in signing up for our national remote program, please email the team at programs@planetbee.org. Want more citizen science? Check out SciStarter’s Project Finder! With 1100+ citizen science projects spanning every field of research, task and age group, there’s something for everyone!
Tags: bees, colony collapse disorder, paper wasps, Planet Bee Foundation, San Francisco State University, zombie flies
Češi plánují utratit za vánoční dárek v průměru tisícovku. Štědřejší jsou muži, kteří ale často odkládají nákupy na poslední chvíli
three quarter bed size three quarter bed rest current promotion 3 quarter bed size three quarter bed size ikea three quarter bed size.
three quarter bed size in feet rest current promotion 3 inches,three quarter bed size in feet sizes cm ikea odd bedding needs frames too the sleep shop,three quarter bed dimensions south africa size in cm ikea sizes for sale new range free delivery,luxury three quarter size bed sheets at in cm prices compared to double,3 quarter bed size three dimensions uk home and furniture south africa,three quarter bed size in feet 3 uk sizes fresh headboards nice headboard me frame,three quarter bed size 3 beds a twin loft over freestanding full options in feet uk,3 quarter bed size uk three in inches feet quick view,three quarter bed size compared to double beds 3,three quarter bed size uk compared to double 3 beds for sale.
Swope is the only black man on the executive board of an advertising firm, and is accidentally put in charge after the death of the chairman of ...
Directed by Richard C. Sarafian, this 1969 British children’s film stars Mark Lester as a young boy, unable to speak, who befriends both a ...
When widower Mike Brady marries a lovely lady widow Carol Ann, their two families become one. These are the misadventures of this new couple, ...
Sesame Street is a long-running American children’s television series created by Joan Ganz Cooney and Lloyd Morrisett. The program is known ...
A planet is discovered in the same orbit as Earth’s but is located on the exact opposite side of the sun, making it not visible from Earth. ...
Set in a magnificent villa near a sun-drenched St. Tropez, lovers Jean-Paul and Marianne are spending a happy, lazy summer holiday. Their only ...
The murder of her father sends a teenage tomboy, Mattie Ross (Kim Darby), on a mission of “justice”, which involves avenging her ...
In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy is the affable, clever and talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is ...
A cross-country trip to sell drugs puts two hippie bikers on a collision course with small-town prejudices.
Couples Bob & Carol Sanders and Ted & Alice Henderson are best friends. After attending a weekend self-help self-discovery session, Bob ...
Aging outlaw Pike Bishop (William Holden) prepares to retire after one final robbery. Joined by his gang, which includes Dutch Engstrom (Ernest ...
The triumphs and failures of middle age as seen through the eyes of runaway American housewife Mary Wilson (Jean Simmons), a woman who believes ...
Marguerite is the tart who sleeps her way up the social ladder to help Armand Duval, a commoner who happens to be her boyfriend.
A turn of the century wild west show struggling to make a living in Mexico comes into the possession of a tiny prehistoric horse. This leads to ...
A discarded silk top-hat becomes the focus of a struggle between a washed-up stage magician and a group of schoolchildren, after it magically ...
James Bond tracks archnemesis Ernst Blofeld to a mountaintop retreat where he’s training an army of beautiful but lethal women. Along the ...
An ambitious young skier, determined to break all existing records, is contemptuous of the teamwork advocated by the US coach when they go to ...
Henry VIII of England discards one wife, Katharine of Aragon, who has failed to produce a male heir, in favor of the young and beautiful Anne Boleyn.
After the Civil War, ex-Union Colonel John Henry Thomas and ex-Confederate Colonel James Langdon are leading two disparate groups of people ...
Sam Whiskey is an all-round talent, but when the attractive widow Laura offers him a job, he hesitates: he shall salvage gold bars, which ...
A headstrong young teacher in a private school in 1930s Edinburgh ignores the curriculum and influences her impressionable 12 year old charges ...
Richard Davalos plays Rick Bowman, a drag racing street punk who comes to the attention of car enthusiast Grant Willard. Willard bails him out of ...
A Michigan farmer and a prospector form a partnership in the California gold country. Their adventures include buying and sharing a wife, ...
In this third remake of legendary Japanese director Akira Kurosawa’s hugely influential The Seven Samurai, the seven gunslingers (George ...
Some college students manage to persuade the town’s big businessman, A. J. Arno, to donate a computer to their college. When the problem- ...
The Dirty Dozen meet the Stiff Upper Lip. A British Petroleum executive (Michael Caine) is assigned to work with the British Army in North Africa ...
Blackmailing a young couple to assist with his horrific experiments the Baron, desperate for vital medical data, abducts a man from an insane ...
Distraught when her middle-aged lover breaks a date with her, 21-year-old Toni Simmons attempts suicide. Impressed by her action, her lover, ...
Charlie’s got a ‘job’ to do. Having just left prison he finds one his of friends has attempted a high risk job in Torino, ...
The gangster Colorado kidnaps Marshal McKenna. He believes that McKenna has seen a map which leads to a rich vein of gold in the mountains and ...
Jess Wade is innocently accused of having stolen a cannon from the Mexican revolutionary forces. He tries to find the real culprits, a gang of ...
Repression is the rule of the day in this film that skewers Greek governance of the 1960s. Z, a leftist rabble rouser, is killed in what appears ...
Disguised as an educational film. Stereo purports to be a report on the “Canadian Academy of Erotic Inquiry’s” experiments to ...
Taxi dancer Charity continues to have Faith in the human race despite apparently endless disappointments at its hands, and Hope that she will ...
The British High Command finds itself in the thick of a huge dilemma when it is realized that they have long been infiltrated by spies from a ...
Sumuru, the beautiful leader of the all-female kingdom of Femina, plans to use her women to take over the world.
When the multiple murderer Cain is released from prison after 18 years, he wants to settle down as a rancher and never touch a gun again. But his ...
In turn-of-the-century Mississippi, an 11-year-old boy comes of age as two mischievous adult friends talk him into sneaking the family car out ...
Based on the plot of Euripides’ Medea. Medea centers on the barbarian protagonist as she finds her position in the Greek world threatened, ...
A quick-witted drifter wanders into a lawless town in the midst of a gold rush. Shocked by the prices of food and meals he reluctantly takes the ...
When half-breed Indian Yaqui Joe robs an Arizona bank, he is pursued by dogged lawman Lyedecker. Fleeing to Mexico, Joe is imprisoned by General ...
Poor Charlie Brown. He can’t fly a kite, and he always loses in baseball. Having his faults projected onto a screen by Lucy doesn’t ...
A peace-loving man named Ben Kane takes a job as deputy marshal of Lords, in the old West. Kane is no lawman, but he accepts the badge because he ...
A mother is determined that her daughter will be a movie star, and will do anything–and have her daughter do anything–to make it happen.
In WW2, a RAF squadron leader mourns the death of a comrade and receives a bombing mission against a secret Nazi V-2 rocket testing facility in France.
Academy Award-honoree Peter O’Toole stars in this musical classic about a prim English schoolmaster who learns to show his compassion ...
Greater Sudbury Police are requesting the public's assistance in locating 15 year old Hunter Rickard.
Hunter was last seen on Tuesday October 30th, 2018 in Val Caron wearing black pants, a grey coat and running shoes.
Use the COSC On-Line Camp Booking tool to book any Camp within Central Ontario. You can see what is available and reserve your favourite site immediately.
Camp sites can also be reserved by calling the Camping Department at the Central Ontario Service Centre at 416-490-6364 ext. 233 or email cosc.camps@scouts.ca.
If a group makes a reservation and cancels with six weeks or less of the beginning of the function, that group is financially responsible in full. There are some exceptions:
If a group withdraws their reservation, and another group reserves it; then, the original group would be released from its financial commitment.
If you wish to reserve another facility at any of our camps, within the same financial year (September 1 to August 31), we can sometimes transfer the amount owing.
The financial responsibility is in effect for Scouts Canada’s financial year; namely, (September 1 to August 31).
Periodically exceptional circumstances, such as extreme weather and certain tragedies, would warrant an exemption.
Please note that all cancellations that are 6 weeks or more prior to your booking, must be done in writing by email to cosc.camps@scouts.ca - phone messages will not be accepted.
Scouts Canada, the country’s leading youth organization, offers challenging programs for boys, girls and youth age 5-26 in thousands of individual groups in most cities and towns across Canada.
First Aid Training Certification Courses can be organized for your Scouters or Section, contact our Training Coordinators for details.
Tell me baby in the night do you think of me When you open up your eyes am I there...;; Frankie Life #
Home: Nor-Lake Foodservice Refrigeration Equipment: Nor-Lake AdvantEDGE Mega Top Refrigerated Sandwich Unit
It sounds like a fable or a fairy tale. The main characters are an orphaned baby hippopotamus and a 130-year-old giant tortoise. The hippo was rescued from a natural disaster of biblical proportions, and the tortoise was meant to be dinner a century ago.
But the story of Owen the hippo and Mzee the tortoise is absolutely true. The animals are both the wards of Dr. Paula Kahumbu, general manager of Lafarge Ecosystems, which runs a sanctuary in Mombasa, Kenya. She tells Jennifer Ludden the story of a highly unlikely friendship and the children's book she helped write to tell the tale.
December 26th, 2004 started off as a normal, quiet day. My son Joshua and I were out for a morning walk along the beach in front of my home when suddenly the sea began to race in. Within minutes the ocean became threatening. The tide had risen well beyond the high water mark. At that instant it became apparent the Tsunami that had started nearly 4,000 miles away far across the Indian Ocean would impact us as well. In less than 12 hours the Tsunami had finally reached the coast of Africa from its point of origin in Banda Aceh.
We ran from the beach back to my house where my sister and her children were waiting for us. They were all crying having just seen on television the haunting images of the devastating Indian Ocean Tsunami. Although we escaped the waves, a one year old hippopotamus 80 kilometers away was not as lucky.
Just before Christmas the unseasonably heavy rains near Malindi town washed a family of hippopotamuses down the Sabaki River and out to sea. The residents of the town tried in vain to urge the family back up the estuary. When the Tsunami hit Malindi, the sea turned angry, the sky clouded over and for a moment the hippos disappeared and were forgotten as all efforts went to rescuing the stranded fishermen.
The next day only one hippo could be seen. It was the baby and he was stranded on the reef. Hundreds of people came to watch the efforts to rescue the hippo. It took ropes, boats, nets and cars --though the hippo was tired he was still fast and slippery. It took a brave rugby tackle to finally capture him, and the cheering of the crowd could be heard over a kilometer away.
Lafarge Eco Systems agreed to provide a home for the baby hippo and I rushed to Malindi to collect him. Tangled in fishing ropes, angry and tired, the hippo did not seem to appreciate our rescue at all. As we left for Mombasa, the crowd unanimously agreed to name him 'Owen' in honor of the volunteer who tackled him to the ground.
Exhausted, confused and extremely frightened, Owen immediately ran to the safety of a giant tortoise when we released him in Haller Park. Mzee, our 130 year old tortoise, just happened to be nearby and he was very surprised by Owen's odd behavior cowering behind him as a baby hippo does to its mother. Mzee quickly came to terms with his new friend and even returned signs of affection. The unusual relationship between this baby hippo and the ancient tortoise amazed people the world over and has featured in most countries on television and in news papers.
Owen and Mzee continue to spend their days together in the pond, feeding and patrolling. Owen nudges Mzee to come for walks, and Mzee sometimes even follows Owen. Hundreds of people have witnessed this incredible spectacle first hand at Haller Park which is open every day to the public. Owen will eventually be moved to a bigger pond in Haller Park were he can socialize with other hippos.
Companies and organizations featured in the Austin Business Financing section usually offer merchant cash advances, commercial loans and business grants alongside the full suite of Business Financing to local and, in some cases, national clients.
To see full contact details, company information, and overviews of the products and services they offer, click on the company links below.
Also commonly referred to as small business financing, commercial lending or corporate finance, Austin based Business Financing provide B2B clients with a wide range of specialist services and products which often include line of credit, small business loans & business funding.
Click on a link to contact one of the companies and organizations listed above, or click here to search for Business Financing in another part of Texas.
Switch language Language Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish
Translate from: Auto Detect Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish
to: Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish
Drinking even "moderate" amounts of alcohol increases dementia risk, US research suggests.rnThe findings, presented at an international conference, challenge the notion that some alcohol could be good for ageing brains.rnPeople who stick to recommend
Influence of academic self-regulation, critical thinking, and age on online graduate students’ academic help-seeking.
As you well know HowToSay is made by volunteers trying to translate as many words and phrases as we can.
If you would like to help us you are more than welcome, here some options: Donate something trough Paypal. Give as much as you feel, whatever is welcome!
While you are using the site, rate through the stars the translations. Report mistakes and inappropriate entry. (More info) Submit meaningful translations in your language to share with everybody. (More info) Become a Contributor and be an active part of our community (More info)
Approvals for private sector houses increased 3.4 percent and total housing consents rose by 4.0 percent. The year-on-year decline in apartment approvals was greater, with the total 104,562 attached dwellings in the year to June nearly 12 per cent below its level in June last year, when it was 118,705. Además...
Liverpool are ready to pay £35.8m for Barcelona's Rafinha but want negotiations to be separate from any potential Coutinho deal. Barcelona appear to be pushing hard to get a deal agreed for the 25-year-old and the Daily Mail claim the Spanish giants are growing optimistic that Coutinho will seek a move over the coming weeks. Además...
A friend recently alerted me to this video of the Dominican Friars (Eastern Province) and their 21 new novices.
Tagged as Active Orders, Dominicans, Men's communities, Mendicant Orders, Religious life, Religious priesthood, Vocation, Vocations boom
To learn more about the Dominican Sisters of St. Cecilia, visit their Web site: http://nashvilledominican.org
This 7-minute short film depicts three communities of religious sisters in their day-to-day work and prayer in New York City. The orders shown in the video happen to be three that I have long admired for their commitment to the poor and their joyful witness: the Franciscan Sisters of the Renewal, the Missionaries of Charity, and the Sisters of Life.
I was browsing the Web site of the Dominican Sisters of Mary, Mother of the Eucharist, looking for a photo of a friend who entered that order last fall, when I saw that the Sisters have posted the vocation stories of all the aspirants (sisters in their first year of formation) who entered in 2010. What an inspiring group of girls! Just listen to these words from Sr. Hannah’s story:
“I came to understand in a very real way that God loved me more than I had ever comprehended. In realizing that, I recognized my call to a vocation of love. I longed to give my all to live for God, who so willingly gave all of Himself in the desire for my love. My fears and self-doubt have been replaced by peace and the desire to serve Him with all that I am.”
You can read all the girls’ vocation stories on the Sisters’ Web site, www.sistersofmary.org – and when you do, say a prayer for each of them!
A couple of weeks ago, NPR profiled the Dominican Sisters of St. Cecilia, better known as the “Nashville Dominicans.” This vibrant congregation is growing by leaps and bounds, and I’m always glad to see them getting positive attention from the media. Actually, the tone of the article is remarkably positive, which I suppose reflects the shared attitude of those lovely sisters. Take, for example, these wise words from Sister Beatrice Clark:
“The day-to-day is hard. … The day-to-day can be mundane in little stuff. But in the large choices, this [vocation] is the most freeing thing I could have chosen, because everything else would have been trying to find this — this defining relationship that would give value to everything.”
And in case you didn’t hear, another flourishing order, the Dominican Sisters of Mary, Mother of the Eucharist, recently appeared on the Oprah Winfrey Show for the second time. You can watch clips of that episode here and segments of their first appearance (in February 2010) on YouTube. I’ve posted one segment below. (Parts of the video are a little jumbled, but I suppose that can’t be helped.)
Click on the link below to see a beautiful slideshow of the six new postulants who recently joined the Carmelites of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles. Among them is my dear friend Rose!
Here are the lyrics to the song (“You Have Called Me”) that the sisters are singing in the background:
"There is only one thing to do here below, to love Jesus, to win souls for Him so that He may be loved."
Click on the above image to find out more about the Congregation for the Clergy's work to promote Eucharistic Adoration for priests.
"Hold back nothing of yourselves for yourselves, that He who gives Himself totally to you may receive you totally!"
"Nothing is more beautiful than love. Indeed, faith and hope will end when we die, whereas love, that is, charity, will last for eternity."
This blog is dedicated to my patroness, St. Clare. By her prayers, may God grant us the grace to generously return to Him all that He has given us.
Archives Select Month April 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) June 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (4) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (6) December 2011 (11) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (4) June 2011 (9) May 2011 (11) April 2011 (4) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (10) January 2011 (11) December 2010 (9) November 2010 (9) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (9) August 2010 (1)
Joshua , who also holds the WBA and IBO titles, has been told he must face IBF mandatory challenger Pulev before December 2 or risk being stripped of that belt. "But his style fits perfectly on mine". Pulev (25-1) has lost just once, but tellingly that was to the man Joshua defeated at Wembley in front of 90,000 fans. Además...
CBS 19 reports that the city council plans to vote Tuesday on removing the Stonewall Jackson statue from Justice Park. Mayor Mike Signer and Kathy Galvin voted no, but changed their minds following the August 12 rally. It says the statues may not be displayed in support of any ideology, and the buyer must pay for removal and transportation of the statue as well as any damage done to parks during t... Además...
LAPACK is written in Fortran 90 and provides routines for solving systems of simultaneous linear equations, least-squares solutions of linear systems of equations, eigenvalue problems, and singular value problems. The associated matrix factorizations (LU, Cholesky, QR, SVD, Schur, generalized Schur) are also provided, as are related computations such as reordering of the Schur factorizations and estimating condition numbers. Dense and banded matrices are handled, but not general sparse matrices. In all areas, similar functionality is provided for real and complex matrices, in both single and double precision.
LAPACK builds off of BLAS routines to provide more complex linear algebra operations as described above.
Once on the HPC cluster LAPACK can be used by linking your source code the the various LAPACK libraries located in
Once linked one can use various LAPACK subroutines. Below we have a simple example of compiling, linking and running some LAPACK routines.
When considering LAPACK type operations one can also use ATLAS, OpenBLAS, and MKL. ATLAS is provided in "C and Fortran77 interfaces to a portably efficient BLAS implementation". OpenBLAS provides an "opensource implementation of BLAS with many hand-crafted optimizations for specific processor types". All of these libraries are provided in
Finally MKL "is a library of optimized math routines for science, engineering, and financial applications" which uses BLAS and LAPACK. This is only available in the intel compiler. You must therefore run the intel module through the command,
Apr 01, 2018 - Rent from people in El Kelaa des Sraghna, Morocco from 20night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. Personals
NACHI 7318AC/DT Bearings Company information. Our company is committed to provide the best quality and the good after-sale service for the NACHI 7318AC/DT bearings.
Cempaka stone is a sister company of Cempaka Group that has an experience in any field of business especially in export and import.
We are manufacture of Sukabumi Green Stone Tile that suitable for Swimming Pool. We already made it since 2010 in Sukabumi. Sukabumi green stone has a mineral inside which helps us healthier.
With launch of all-new 2019 Ranger, Ford makes Yakima outdoor adventure accessories available in dealerships
In its largest gas bus delivery ever, Scania will supply 481 Euro 6 gas buses – the cleanest and most silent buses on the market – for the renewal of Bogotá’s TransMilenio Bus Rapid Transit system
In its largest gas bus delivery ever, Scania will supply 481 Euro 6 gas buses – the cleanest and most silent buses on the market – for the renewal of Bogotá’s TransMilenio Bus Rapid Transit system.
Bogotá is replacing its earlier Euro 2 and Euro 3 buses with the latest in low-emission technology. Scania’s Euro 6 gas buses represent a huge leap in cleaner technology compared with these older-generation buses but also in relation to the more recent Euro 5 emissions standards. In operations with the new Scania gas buses, carbon emissions will be up to 20 percent lower while emissions of particulate matter will be two to three times lower. Emissions of nitrogen oxide are four to five times lower than Euro 5.
“We are very pleased with the outcome because this translates into significantly less pollution in Bogotá,” says Juan Carlos Ocampo, Scania Colombia’s Managing Director. “The reduced emissions of particulate matter, nitrogen oxide and noise will contribute to a higher quality of life for Bogotá’s residents.”
The bus network, originally established in the early 1990s, encompasses 12 lines totalling 112 kilometres, with 1.7 million passenger journeys every day. The public tender for the renewal programme has focused on six of the 12 lines and following the tendering process, the operator SI18 will now provide services for the three lines Suba, Calle 80 and Norte with 481 Scania buses. They will go into operation during the first half of 2019.
The 179 articulated Scania K320 IA 6x/2, (320 hp engines), buses have a capacity for 160 passengers and the 302 bi-articulated Scania F340 HA 8×2 (340 hp engines) have a capacity for 250 passengers. All buses will be bodybuilt by Busscar.
Register your email and we'll keep you informed about our latest articles, publications, webinars and conferences. Unsubscribe anytime.
By registering for Greenstreetsoftware.info email alerts you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Ours is a pluralistic society, with wise constitutional protections against government-sponsored establishment of religion -- and for freedom of individual expression of belief.
It is, therefore, an egregiously evil breach of mutual repect, civility and the law for any one religious group (majority or miniority) to try to force its own religious views (mainstream or extreme) on the rest of society by trying to take control of government institutions or government-sponsored activities, such as public schools, which serve all Americans of all religious and non-religious beliefs. Such behavior is just plain selfish.
On December 20 the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania issued a ruling against the Dover [PA] Area School District policy of teaching so-called Intelligent Design in public school science classes and trying to discredit the scientific validity of evolution theory -- for religious reasons.
That ruling is a benchmark in our understanding and practice of the constitutionally mandated separation of church and state.
The court's Memorandum Opinion establishes legal precedent only in the Middle District of Pennsylvania. But it offers extensive fact finding and legal analysis (far beyond that quoted here) which will significantly inform any litigation elsewhere regarding any attempts to teach so-called Intelligent Design in public science classes.
This post provides two relatively short quotes from the court's full 139-page Memorandum Opinion, which fully and fairly characterize the ruling:
The proper application of both the endorsement and Lemon tests to the facts of this case makes it abundantly clear that the Board’s ID Policy violates the Establishment Clause. In making this determination, we have addressed the seminal question of whether ID is science. We have concluded that it is not, and moreover that ID cannot uncouple itself from its creationist, and thus religious, antecedents.
Both Defendants and many of the leading proponents of ID make a bedrock assumption which is utterly false. Their presupposition is that evolutionary theory is antithetical to a belief in the existence of a supreme being and to religion in general. Repeatedly in this trial, Plaintiffs’ scientific experts testified that the theory of evolution represents good science, is overwhelmingly accepted by the scientific community, and that it in no way conflicts with, nor does it deny, the existence of a divine creator.
To be sure, Darwin’s theory of evolution is imperfect. However, the fact that a scientific theory cannot yet render an explanation on every point should not be used as a pretext to thrust an untestable alternative hypothesis grounded in religion into the science classroom or to misrepresent well-established scientific propositions.
The citizens of the Dover area were poorly served by the members of the Board who voted for the ID Policy. It is ironic that several of these individuals, who so staunchly and proudly touted their religious convictions in public, would time and again lie to cover their tracks and disguise the real purpose behind the ID Policy.
With that said, we do not question that many of the leading advocates of ID have bona fide and deeply held beliefs which drive their scholarly endeavors. Nor do we controvert that ID should continue to be studied, debated, and discussed. As stated, our conclusion today is that it is unconstitutional to teach ID as an alternative to evolution in a public school science classroom.
Those who disagree with our holding will likely mark it as the product of an activist judge. If so, they will have erred as this is manifestly not an activist Court. Rather, this case came to us as the result of the activism of an ill-informed faction on a school board, aided by a national public interest law firm eager to find a constitutional test case on ID, who in combination drove the Board to adopt an imprudent and ultimately unconstitutional policy. The breathtaking inanity of the Board’s decision is evident when considered against the factual backdrop which has now been fully revealed through this trial. The students, parents, and teachers of the Dover Area School District deserved better than to be dragged into this legal maelstrom, with its resulting utter waste of monetary and personal resources.
To preserve the separation of church and state mandated by the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, and Art. I, § 3 of the Pennsylvania Constitution, we will enter an order permanently enjoining Defendants from maintaining the ID Policy in any school within the Dover Area School District, from requiring teachers to denigrate or disparage the scientific theory of evolution, and from requiring teachers to refer to a religious, alternative theory known as ID. We will also issue a declaratory judgment that Plaintiffs’ rights under the Constitutions of the United States and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania have been violated by Defendants’ actions.
Defendants’ actions in violation of Plaintiffs’ civil rights as guaranteed to them by the Constitution of the United States and 42 U.S.C. § 1983 subject Defendants to liability with respect to injunctive and declaratory relief, but also for nominal damages and the reasonable value of Plaintiffs’ attorneys’ services and costs incurred in vindicating Plaintiffs’ constitutional rights.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on April 30, 2018 1:46 pm and last updated by us October 12, 2018 4:22 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Garrett Leight designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Garrett Leight Wilson Sun Shield Sunglasses Metallic | Glasses, Eyewear And Accessories fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
Shizuku Tsukishima is a free-spirited and cheerful 14-year-old girl who is currently enjoying her summer vacation. She loves spending her free time at the local library where she notices that the books she reads are often checked out by a boy named Seiji Amasawa.
One day while riding the local train, Shizuku notices a strange cat sitting near her. Why would an ordinary cat ride a train? Curiosity may have killed the cat, but it can also seriously harm a young girl. Shizuku decides to follow the mysterious cat to see where it goes, and soon stumbles upon an antique shop run by a violin maker named Nishi, the grandfather of the mystery boy who shares her taste in literature. Seiji and Shizuku soon become friends and while Seiji is sure of his dreams and how to follow them, Shizuku is still unsure of her own talents. However, when she sees a strange cat statuette, “The Baron,” in the shop, it seems as if that statuette whispers something to her, tugging at her heart and giving her the inspiration she so desperately needed. One voice pushes Shizuku further than she could have ever imagined, changing her life forever.
Tales from the Derp Side: FBI probe shooting death of Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman
These are actual quotes on current and past news topics from members of the far right forum FreeRepublic.
I've been holding off on this story for a few days, because FR hasn't been discussing it that much, and when they are it's about how many murders are being ignored for not being about race. But this one actually got quite a few comments.
Zimmerman sure doesn’t look white to me. When I first saw his pic (before he was declared to be white) I thought: “What the hey, this guy is black!” And an Hispanic with the name Zimmerman?
what do you figure his genetic make-up is (other than fat, dumb and ugly). Weird to have a German or possibly Yiddish name like Zimmerman, but look sort of Hispanic.
The Holder DOJ has become fully racialized and politicized. Blacks must be protected, period. No matter what.
Mr. Zimmerman has a bull's eye on his back one way or another now. In the pc driven and further racially divided America (thanks to obama, the dems and Holder) it won't matter now if it was a justified self defense shooting, or plain murder. The facts will no longer be in the driver's seat for this event.
Obama and the DNC are stalling because he is trying to placate the larger voting population- The Hispanic Latino one.
Are they going to investigate the black woman who threw a fit in class and threatened the life of her teacher and classmates. Oh I’m sorry she’s black nothing will happen.
I heard on Fox news last night that when the cops arrived on the scene Zimmerman had a bloody nose and a wound on his head. Maybe the black kid assaulted Zimmerman. Maybe Zimmerman had to defend himself because the kid beat him and could take the gun.
"I do not agree with you at all about this having anything to do with President Obama or race whatever. I think it appropriate for another agency to step in now. I just want to see Zimmerman prosecuted. If this was not legal, it would not be happening."
With respect, open your eyes to Obama, his AG and their race based approach to governing. They are CLEARLY racists, and Holder is getting involved to keep the race flame glowing.
Why are you so set on seeing Zimmerman prosecuted without the facts? Did you know there was a fight between the two? Did you know FLA has the ‘stand your ground’ law that allows CC licensee’s to protect themselves from bodily harm, even if the other person does NOT have a gun? you’re getting inflamed by the media coverage which is LESS than complete.
Not so. He killed a “kid” who was 6ft 3 and had him down on his back punching him in the face according to an eye witness. Try to keep up.
“Zimmerman was justified in using deadly force according to Florida’s STAND YOUR GROUND LAW because Martin was on top of him beating him in the face.
According to this eye witness quoted in this article Zimmerman was getting the worst of it and calling for help once the fighting started.
A "Million Hoodie March" (not kidding) is being held in NYC to support the victim's family. I think the Obama Regime is desperate to get any kind of momentum going after a dismal month, so they've decided that playing the race card is the best way to do it. The racism part is being played up as the result of a recording of the 911 call the perp made shortly before the shooting happened, in which many claim to hear Zimmerman say "f***ing coons". But after listening to the recording several times, it sounds to me like he said "punks", which he also said earlier in the call. Is the guy guilty of murder? Probably. Of racism? The Obama admin is banking on it.
I won't believe a word she says without corroborating evidence. I've seen too many black “witnesses” lie to protect a black perp simply because he was black.
"If they can’t get him on murder they’ll go after him for civil rights violations just like they did after the cops were exonerated in the Rodney King incident."
The Governor should DIRECTLY request written answers as to why the FBI is investigating. if everything is a federal case - that is fine - the government has just nullfied its own Constitution. I say we nullify the government, and call it even.
Hey Freep. Did anyone on FR have any reactions to Mr. Race War's last comment there? That shit is messed up.
When I posted this, it was one of the last comments, but I'll go back and check. Usually, when there's something out of left (right?) field like that, I check for replies and post them to show that it wasn't, you know, condoned, but there wasn't enough time for this one.
Request spot: Obama uses sign language to speak to deaf kid. I'm sure many herps will be derped over this one.
Anyway I love that these guys don't know WHAT to think. OBAMA PROTECTING BLACKS, OBAMA NOT IMMEDIATELY ARRESTING ZIMMERMAN
I'm guessing that freeper meant cathode ray tube. I'm not quite sure how the old TVs factor into a race war, but anything's possible.
I have no tears for Trayvon Martin. I have a fear that if I start to cry, I may never stop. I might remember the many that have been killed with no justice. RIP Trayvon.
In January 2011, I began posting comments from the uber conservative forum FREE REPUBLIC on Fark, a news site. Eventually I created my own blog so that I could continue discussing the absurdity that is the Freeper mind.
Use the MsRemi porn ids above. If these free logins are blocked? You can still get a Deal on Msremi.modelcentro.com by creating your account through the MsRemi trial image above. MsRemi is one of the top rated paysites, with ULTRA HD videos & Exclusive Members-Only Shows. Join now, this MsRemi promotion ends soon!
Snapix Events offers Interactive full touchscreen mirror with professional DLSR photos with fun colorful messages, games and animations. Get ready for endless fun and possibilities to make your party a hit. Serving Houston, Sugar Land, Pearland, Missouri City, Katy, Richmond, Galleria, Downtown, Galveston, San Antonio, Lake Charles, and Austin.
Federal legislation that would legalize the transporting and dispensing of controlled drugs away from a veterinarian’s office moved a step closer to being enacted when the House of Representatives approved the measure by voice vote Tuesday.
The Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act would authorize practitioners, particularly mobile and livestock veterinarians, to carry drugs away from their registered location and across state lines. Veterinarians commonly dispense drugs away from a clinic, but the Drug Enforcement Administration in recent years took what the American Veterinary Medical Association called a "narrow interpretation” of the Controlled Substances Act and forbid the practice.
The Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act now moves back to the Senate, which approved a version in January.
The legislation was sponsored by the only two veterinarians serving inCongress: U.S. Reps. Kurt Schrader, DVM, an Oregon Democrat, and Ted Yoho, DVM, a Florida Republican.
"Today is a victory for veterinarians across this country, but more importantly, it’s a victory for the health and well-being of the animals they are entrusted to care for,” Dr. Schrader said. "Ridiculous bureaucratic interference from the DEA would have seriously impeded veterinarians’ ability to properly treat their patients.
"The Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act will provide veterinarians with the certainty they need to continue to provide mobile or ambulatory services for their animal patients,” he added.
"My operating room wasn’t always in an office,” he said. "Most times, it was in the field. Expecting ranchers to transport their livestock to a veterinary clinic every time medication is needed is an example of overly burdensome policy created by bureaucrats rather than the folks who know the issue.
"This bill will correct that problem and allow veterinarians to practice their profession without fear of unnecessary government intrusion,” he said.
Versatile 3 or 4 axis robot tube stacking machine. Uses magnetic or vacuum pickup attachments. Suitable for a variety of tubular shapes. Pre-programmed for a variety of container sizes and storage patterns.
how do you get that controller movement thing in the stream? I really want something like that on stream/videos
Tristan.Botteram wrote: how do you get that controller movement thing in the stream? I really want something like that on stream/videos
Thank you for visiting www.greenandcohome.co.uk (the "Website"). Please read these Terms of Use (the "Terms") before using the Website. When you come to www.greenandcohome.co.uk and use any part of it you are agreeing to these Terms. If you do not agree with anything you read here, please exit this Website. You may not place an order through this Website unless you agree to be bound by our Terms, our Conditions of Sale (“Conditions”) and Privacy Policy.
1. This Website is operated by Green & Co. All content that you see here is owned by or licensed to us. It is not for commercial use, and unless we specifically agree, you cannot copy, distribute, publish or alter the Website content.
Within the Website, you may find links or references to third party materials and websites outside of Green & Co. We do not endorse, authorise, or control those websites and therefore accept no liability in respect of the content or your use of those websites.
It is a condition of you using www.greenandcohome.co.uk that you have read and consented to the terms of our Privacy Policy. This tells you how we use your personal information.
Green & Co. holds no representations or warranties (express or implied) and we are unable to guarantee the accuracy of information on the Website. We do not accept any liability arising out of reliance on the materials on our Website.
We may terminate your access to our Website at any time if we decide at our sole discretion that you are in breach of these Terms.
We may change any aspect of www.greenandcohome.co.uk at any time without letting you know. You agree to be bound by such updates and you agree to visit this page from time to time to check such changes.
All designs, text, graphics and other contents or arrangements of this Website in whatever format belong to Green & Co. All rights are reserved. Nothing contained on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Website without written permission from Green & Co or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the Website. By using the Website you agree to respect the intellectual property rights of Green & Co and will refrain from copying, downloading, transmitting, reproducing, printing, or exploiting for commercial purpose any material contained within the Website. You may, however, download material that is required for the sole purpose of assisting you in placing an order. Such downloaded material may not be used for any purpose other than to assist you in placing an order. You may not create any links to our Website from another Website without our express written consent.
All orders for Goods are accepted when you receive a confirmation e-mail to this effect. We are legally obliged to send you this confirmation and you may wish to print or save it for your future reference. The confirmation will include details of your order, including your chosen delivery address. We will send you a further e-mail to let you know that your order has been processed by us and another when it has been dispatched. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information regarding our data handling policy.
All prices are quoted in Pounds Sterling (£) and, where appropriate, are inclusive of UK sales tax (VAT). All Goods are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. We try to ensure that all prices on display on the Website at www.greenandcohome.co.uk are accurate. The price of an item is the price at head office on the day of your order. We reserve the right to change any price after you place an order but should we do so, we will inform you before we process your order and you will have the opportunity to cancel the order. However the correct price will always appear on the email that we send you when we have processed your order. Where Goods are discontinued or cannot for some reason be delivered we will contact you by e-mail or telephone to inform you of this and to suggest an alternative item similar to the one ordered or we may have to cancel your order. Where this is part of a larger order, we will process and dispatch the available Goods to you in the normal manner. All payments must be in Pounds Sterling. We accept payment by Visa, MasterCard and Worldpay.
We will use all reasonable endeavours to carry out our obligations within a reasonable period of time but will not be liable to you for any loss, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from any delays in doing so and we will not be deemed to be in breach of these TERMS & CONDITIONS by reason of any delay in performing, or any failure to perform, any of our obligations in relation to these TERMS & CONDITIONS, if the delay or failure was due to any cause beyond our reasonable control. Except in respect of death or personal injury caused by our negligence, we will not be liable to you for any economic loss, which term shall include loss of profits, business, revenue, goodwill or anticipated savings or any special, indirect or consequential loss in connection with the supply of the Goods. No part of these terms is intended to constitute an exclusion of any liability which cannot be excluded under applicable law.
The following general provisions apply both in respect of our Website Terms of Use and Conditions of Sale (“TERMS & CONDITIONS”).
Pocket Casts now has actionable notifications, so you can download or stream episodes right from your phone or Android Wear watch. If an episode is auto-downloaded while you’re away, those buttons will change to play and add to Up Next.
Variable speed playback has been enhanced so that it now works with more than just MP3 files. On most phones AAC and OGG are also now supported!
We’ve fixed quite a few Lollipop bugs, like the skip buttons in the player getting stuck on a colour.
You can now choose exactly which podcasts you’d like to be notified about, instead of it being an all or nothing setting.
Auto download has been changed by popular request to download any new shows that come out. This is especially handy for people that listen to things like hourly news podcasts, that used to have to download some of these manually if they weren’t around when the shows came out.
So grab it if you haven’t already and enjoy your favourite podcasts just that little bit more. Speaking of which: Adnan totally did it by the way. No way that guy is innocent. Sorry…runs away…
The unauthorized autobiography of a boy named Dave, filled with action, suspense, drama, humour (and yes, even sarcasm!), at a level so intense that only Googlebot cares.
The following post is one of many that documents the adventures of a family of bears as they turn a 10 hour road trip into a week long adventure while on their way to GeoWoodstock XII in St. Charles Missouri. If you are not up to speed, check out the introduction here.
In 1989 a movie about a farmer who hears voices and ends up building a baseball field, was released. Field of Dreams, starring Kevin Costner and James Earl Jones , became an instant classic, with the famous line "if you build it they will come".
As it turns out, they actually did build the baseball field in a cornfield, and now you can be the one that comes.
The field build in 1988 for the filming of the movie was maintained by the owners of the farm, and is now a tourist attraction.
To this day people all over the world visit this very well manicured field to relive their glory days. When I learned that this was a possibility I put visiting the field immediately on my list, cause: nostalgia.
Really, none of us in the family are sports people. I had to explain how baseball worked to my 4 year old. But we still had some fun playing "baseball", like when my wife took the pitchers mound.
Even the stands are still there. The field is maintained as a tourist trap, and is open for anyone to play ball there. Aside from a yearly game, there are no scheduled games played at this field.
It is really kinda fun that Field of Dreams is a real place. Actually Iowa has a lot of these places, as you've seen in my previous post, and in the next two posts. However you'll have to wait for those, so until then...
It is my lot in life to resemble a cross between Indiana Jones, the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, and Chewbacca (what a wookie!)
I am a proud Canadian who lives in North Carolina, so my writing is full of extra u's, and oddly pronounced 'outs'. I also have an inferiority complex and a penchant for self deprecating humour.
` 1000 1812 72degrees 911 A Masters Tale Abi Abigail action figures Adventures Alberta Aliens Americana Android Animals Anniversary Announcements Appalachia Arcanum archaeology Arrogant Worms Art artvsartist Auto Racing AutoAwesome avatar Avian Landlords awesome Bacon Bailey Batman Bears Across America Bears Go East Beer Behind the scenes Berm Big Bang Theory Bigfoot Biking Birds Black Friday Blue Ridge Mountains Blue Ridge Parkway book Bounce Brampton Breakfast British Columbia BTS Building Building The Millennium Falcon Business Cake California Camera Canada cat Challenge Charity Charlotte Cheese Whiz Chicken Fight Chicken Wings Childhood WIsdom Chocolate Christian Christmas Chrome CITO CN Tower COG Comedian Comic Comics competition Concert Concerts Conspiracy contest Cosplay Country Fair Cows Craft CRAM Crazy Creative Cache Containers Creative Cache Containers: The Series Creative Wrtiting Cruise Dance Dave Deadpool Debbie DEIMOS Delorme Depression Design desk Doctor Who Documentary Dr. Seuss Dr. Suess Driving drone Dublin Dukes Of Hazzard Earthquake Easter eggnog Elephant Energizer Bunny Engagement engineering Ent environmentalism run amuck epiphany Equipment Errant Thought Roundup Europe European Adventure 2015 events evil Family Family Guy Farm Fathers Day Festivus Feynman Fiction Fire First Post Flooding Florence Football Foundation Series Franchise Fun Fact Funny furnace gallery Gandalf Garmin Garmin Monterra Review Geeks Geobike Of Destiny Geocaching GeoGearHeads Geotrail Geovan of Destiny GeoWoodstock GeoWoodstock IX GeoWoodstock X GeoWoodstock XI GeoWoodstock XII Ghostbusters GIF Giga Event Global Warming Goals Goats Going Caching Google Grand Caravan Grass Great Big Sea Great Canadian Road Trip Guest Post halloween Haloween Happy Hat head cold Hiking History Hockey Holiday house Hurricane in-flight wifi In-laws Instructions Interesting Internet Internet Classics Inukshuk Ireland Italy Jello Jeopardy joke Jon Stewart Kendra Lab Caches Landmarks Landscaping Learning Lego Lenoir Light Painting Linn Cove Viaduct Literature Locals Long Way Round Love Lucerne Magic Moment Manitoba Maple Syrup Marriage Mars Rover Meat Salad Mega Event Merry Meta Milestone Millennium Falcon Millford models Monster Truck Moose Mothers Day Muggles Music Musings Myrtle Beach NaNoWriMo NASA NASCAR Natural Wonder Nature nerd New Year Newspaper Nexus 7 North Carolina Nostalgia offspring Ontario Oregon Oregon Toy Photo Safari Parts Pathtags Peaches. Personal Petra Pets Photography Photography Scavenger Hunt Photoshop PhotoshopWorld Photowalk Pi Podcast poetry Polite Poppies Press printer Projects Puerto RIco Python quadcopter Quilt Rabbits Reboot Relaxation Remembrance Day Renaissance Festival Review Reward Road Trip Robotics Rock Ron Clifford Ron Swanson Rules rum Sage Advice Salamander San Francisco sandwich Sanity Santa Claus Savannah Scavengers Science Scotland Scott Kelby Scrooge Security Self Portrait Selfie Sgt. Fuzztboots Show Sign six-image narrative Slash snowpocalypse Solar sorry South Carolina Space Spite Sports Spring Break stan Star Trek Star Wars stats stories Stormtrooper Street View studio Studio Dave Sunrise sunset Superman Survival Squirrels Swan Switzerland Switzerland. syndication Taiwan Tales Of Woe TARDIS TB Race 2012 TB Race 2014 Tea Team Awesomesauce Technology Thanksgiving Thanksgiving. West Wing Thanos The Great Scavenger Meet Up The Legend Of Dawson's Mine thinner Thunderstorm Tip Toronto Toy Photographers Blog Toys Trading Cards Travel Travel Bugs Twinkies Update Vacation Vegas Video Violence Virtual Reality Weather Weird Al Whatzit why? Wildlife winning Wonder woodworking Word Wordless Workshop workstation WWFM xkcd Yours Truly Zeke Zen Zoo Zurich
A highly dysfunctional blended family is forced together when they realize a reported virus is actually the onset of the undead apocalypse.
Artists and athletes are an essential portion of healthy cultural exchange. The global community benefits greatly from the work of each country’s greatest thinkers and performers. P-2 Visas are issued to troupes or bands entering the U.S. as a part of an exchange program. There should be two organizations involved in this exchange program: one in the U.S. and one abroad.
Your spouse and unmarried children under the age of 21 are permitted to accompany you to the United States, under a P-4 status. P-4 visa holders are not allowed to work without being granted permission.
Either the U.S. labor group that negotiated the exchange agreement, the sponsoring organization or the U.S. employer must file the petition. The petition should be filed to the U.S Consular office or U.S. Embassy, or to the branch of the INS with jurisdiction over the location where the troupe/band plans to perform. The application forms and relevant documents may be mailed or submitted in person.
A U.S. agent may also file a petition for workers who are self-employed, use agents to book short-term engagements with many different employers or in situations where foreign employer(s) authorize the use of an agent to act on their behalf.
This agent may be the employer of the performer, a representative of the employer or a person authorized to act on behalf of the employer.
One recent photograph 1 & 1/2 inches square (37mm x 37mm) of each applicant, with the entire face visible. The picture should be taken before a light background and without head covering.
A passport, valid for travel to the United States for at least six months longer than your intended visit.
The petitioner must also provide documents that prove that the troupe/band are eligible for the visa. These documents include:
An official affidavit that confirms the existence of the exchange program between the U.S. and a foreign country.
"Oh my God!" I cried out at the sight in the square in the middle of the park. "I can't believe it!" The sight was too shocking for my mind to accept.
I knew an assignment into this female dominant culture was going to be a challenge - a challenge, that is, for me because I was male. For Lori, I think she enjoyed it.
If I had known the extent of the challenge, I never would have volunteered. Each time I thought I had adjusted, another little aspect of the culture surfaced to surprise me. What I saw in the middle of the part was the most shocking of all.
The challenge began on my first day on the island, when I had to take off my clothes. The female dominant island of Femdom imposed strict laws on men and the clothing we were required to wear. That is, us men were not allowed to wear any. The male half of the human species was required to remain bare-assed naked at all times. I mean we couldn't cover ourselves at all, even with our hands. The last time I wore clothing was on the boat we sailed to shore. I wore a set of swimming trunks, but those came off just after I jumped into the water and waded to the shore.
It felt very embarrassing at first; I mean walking around in public in the buff. Women were able to check out my dick whenever they wanted. They could look at my ass whenever they felt like it. It was humiliating, but only at first. Surprisingly, I quickly became accustomed to it. I think the sight of all the other men put my mind at ease, for they were all naked too. Knowing I was not alone somehow relieved the embarrassment, but it did not eliminate it altogether.
The cause of my continued source of embarrassment rested with my partner, Lori. I use the term "partner" loosely, for there was no 50/50 relationship between male and female on the island of Femdom. I could say she played the part of my wife, but no marriages existed on the island, at least not in the traditional sense. The relationship was more like master and servant. In fact, it sometimes boarded closer to mistress and slave.
For as I had to remove all my clothing, Lori got to keep all of hers. In fact, she got to wear whatever she wanted, which was probably a good thing. Not that she was ugly or anything like that. Quite the contrary, Lori was exceptionally good looking, which caused another problem. I knew a lack of clothing around her body would only serve to increase my embarrassment a few inches further.
Lori was a 25-year old brunette with a pretty face and a pair of sexy brown eyes. She stood about five-foot-five, and kept in great shape, and liked to eat healthy and do a lot of exercise. The result was a shapely, very sexy body. She wore narrow hips and what must have been a set of C-cupped tits; maybe even Ds.
I felt it a few times already. Every once in a while she faced me at the perfect angle or bent down right in front of me. Once I even saw a portion of her boob through a half-open button in her blouse. Under normal circumstances, this wouldn't have been a problem. But being naked, I had to look away. I had to ignore it and quickly try to think of something else to get my mind off the subject. Walking around naked was humiliating enough. Walking around with an erection would be a lot worse.
It was getting more difficult to resist the temptation with every passing hour. We had already been on the island for three days. We were into our fourth day when we went to the park. Four whole days without release was longer than I was used to.
"John, do you realize what they are doing?" Lori interrupted my thoughts. She brought me back to reality and the sight of the extreme humiliation displayed on the stage before me.
At the center of the park, in a square, sat a raised stage. On the stage laid a naked young male. He was bent over a contraption that left his body exposed and immobile. His arms hung down and his wrists were tied to two posts in front. His legs pointed down and were spread to two wider posts in the rear. Both wrists and ankles were tied, which made him look like an animal on all fours about to be sacrificed.
I knew full well what they were doing to him. In his tied position, the man was exceptionally vulnerable. Worse, a woman took advantage of his vulnerability. She knelt behind him with her hand swung around his leg. In her hand she held his cock. I watched her stroke it.
"It's a competition," Lori casually told me. "One of my new found friends told me about it last night. I didn't believe her at first, but I just had to walk down here to take a look for myself!" She spoke with a tone of genuine excitement. I could see why. Before us stood the most demeaning thing I had ever seen done to a man. It was worse than a male strip show. It was worse than a male slave auction. Not only was he naked, but he was also displayed in his full glory. And not only that, he was being forcibly stroked in public. I never imagined such a humiliating display was possible, although I notice he did not seem to mind it much. Even though his legs and arms were tied down and he couldn't escape the woman's eager hand, he wore a great big smile on his face. She was definitely keeping him very much aroused.
Lori spoke with excitement. She wore a great big smile on her face. I find it hard to believe how much this demeaning sight turned her on.
"And there's more!" She practically jumped up and down in anticipation. "There's actually more to it than what you think! Just watch!"
I did not watch very close, but I couldn't help but notice the man enjoy it more and more. He seemed to get increasingly excited. I knew what this meant and what would soon happen.
Glancing to my side, I could tell Lori knew it too. She watched it like a little girl watching her favorite Saturday morning cartoon. It seemed like she actually looked forward to what would soon happen. I noticed she stood on her tiptoes and smiled.
And then he did it! The guy was forced to cumm! Even worse, he was forced to do it in public! At least two-dozen women watched the spectacle. A collective sigh went up among the crowd as I watched the guy squirt out his load of sperm. And then they clapped. I noticed Lori sigh and clap along with them.
"This is number three," She answered. "I watched two others this morning, before you woke up, but it's not over yet. Just watch!"
I did not know what Lori meant by this, but then I looked up to see for myself. The woman doing the pumping action stopped for about a minute to rest, and then she started right back up again. I couldn't believe it! The guy just cummed, and then she tried to get him to do it again.
Lori looked at me and smiled even more. "One of the girls told me about it yesterday. They call it the male milking competition."
"Milking?" I expressed shock. I never before heard a man's ejaculation described as a milking, and then add: "Competition? What do you mean, competition?"
"It's a game," Lori explained. "As each man cumms, his sperm is collected into a container below. Whoever makes their male cumm the most sperm, wins a prize!"
I stood in awe. I simply could not believe it! I never thought something like this was possible. How utterly humiliating! I thought to myself. There had to be at least two or maybe three-dozen women watching this man being forced to repeatedly eject in public for their entertainment.
I suddenly came to the realization that the women were not just in charge on the island of Femdom, they were the masters over the men. And the men weren't just slaves, they were sex slaves. It was evident by looking at the man up on stage. The male did not fight against his captor. He fought a little at first when she started to pump him the second time, but then he stopped fighting and seemed to enjoy it. Despite the embarrassment, I noticed he got hard anyway. I realized he was going to be forced to do it again.
"As many times as they can in thirty minutes," Lori answered. "Each contestant is given exactly thirty minutes to make as many deposits as possible. The two guys I saw this morning each did it three times."
'Deposits!' I thought to myself. Lori was starting to think like them. She was starting to become affected by the culture that surrounded us. She called the sexual function of a man a deposit - as though he was putting money into a bank.
"My friend told me that they starve them beforehand," Lori went on to explain. "I mean they sexually starve them. They don't allow them to cumm for three or maybe four days beforehand."
I noticed her smile at me when she said this. It made me wonder if she knew how long it had been for me, and then I realized of course she did.
"And they also feed them something called goat's milk," She went on. "Goat's milk is supposed to increase the male's quantity, if you know what I mean! I'm told it makes them big, ripe, and very swollen."
Of course I knew what she meant. I knew exactly what she meant. I also noticed how she talked about a man's balls like they were a piece of fruit. The men on the island of Femdom were not considered human beings. They were more like animals kept around to sexually please their female masters. That was why men were not allowed to wear clothing. They had to walk around in the nude so their female masters could keep an eye on them - every inch of them.
I didn't know how to answer. I noticed the poor man up on stage was again hard as a rock. The woman kneeling behind him was again beating his meat with a constant stroking action. It was easy to picture myself in his place. All I could think about was a woman's hand tightly wrapped around my cock, but then I realized how utterly humiliating it would be to have it done on stage.
"Look at him go!" Lori did not seem to appreciate the humiliation at all. Instead, her eyes focused to the stage and to watch the humiliation with pleasure.
I looked too, and saw the woman let go of the cock. It convulsed, but not much came out. Only a short glob of white liquid dropped into the container. A white line of fluid quickly followed it. His cock drooled into the pan below.
"That was a good size squirt, don't you think John?" Lori questioned. "I mean, for the second time in about twenty minutes, he's really got a lot of sperm."
It took a moment for the question to settle in. I looked to my side and see Lori looking back at me. She wore a smile on her face. I could tell she really enjoyed this.
Lori glanced down, and then she looked back up at my face. "That's not what the rest of your body says."
I looked down myself to see it. I also felt it. A full erection stuck out proudly from between my legs. A tremendous sense of embarrassment was suddenly instilled within me. I realized it was the first time Lori got to see me with an erection. I also realized many of the other women could see it too, but Lori bothered me most of all. I felt like a man caught with his pants down in the middle of the girl's locker room.
"No! No! No!" Lori quickly corrected. "You know the rule! Men are not allowed to cover their bodies, even with their hands."
I remembered the rule. Lori reminded me many times before. A man was never supposed to cover himself, especially his cock and ass. Punishment was a ball-busting. That was where a woman got to take a man's balls in her hand and slowly squeeze down on them. Thoughts of a ball-busting made me face the inevitable.
Despite the embarrassment of showing an erection in public - and more important, an erection in front of Lori - I forced my hands behind me. I had to grab my wrists to resist the temptation to bring them forward, and then I turned away so Lori couldn't see. Of course, I know this exposed me to a lot of other women, but they didn't bother me as much as Lori. They were being entertained by the cock on stage, and I mostly worried about Lori.
Lori, to my surprise, laughed at me. "Come on John," She followed me around and looked anyway. "Don't be shy. I like it!"
She faced me and then took hold of my upper arms. She held me so I could not turn away, and then she looked down between us. "It's actually very nice. You should be proud of your prick!"
"It's certainly nothing to be ashamed of," She ignored me and continued to look anyway. "I always knew you were well hung, but now I see for certain. You're cock is most definitely of the large variety."
"Not huge, but plenty big enough," She continued to ignore me and began speaking like a professional doctor giving her opinion of my size. "Nice and long and plenty thick too. Most certainly longer than average! What is it John, eight inches?"
"Only embarrassing for you," She finally acknowledged my words. "I kind of like it! You've got a nice cock! You should be proud of it.
I gasped for breath. I couldn't believe she was vain enough to say such a thing. The culture was most certainly having a negative effect on her.
"I hope you don't mind me asking," She finally looked back up at my face at the end of her long stare. "What is it John? Really? Eight inches or a little bit longer? Tell me or I will get out my ruler and measure the length of your organ myself."
Lori laughed. "That's a good boy," She laughed at me. "Now, what were you saying about the poor man on stage? If it is so disgusting, why is it turning you on? Are you thinking about bending over in his place?"
"Come on John," Lori stepped closer and looked into my eyes. She was right in my face. Our noses almost touched. At my waist, I felt the head of my cock gently brush against her full compliment of clothing, and instinctively pulled back. "Admit it John. It turns you on, doesn't it?"
Lori backed away and then turned to face the stage again. "Look at him!" We watched the spectacle together. "Think about what it would be like to be in his place, with the hand of a good looking girl encompassed around your shaft. Stroking! Pumping! Stroking! Pumping! Again and again! Over and over! Until she gives you an orgasm."
Lori smiled at my face, and then she looked down at my cock again. She held onto me tight by the elbow so I couldn't turn and I couldn't run away. She was able to look down upon my projecting hard-on from the side.
She was right. She saw how sexually stimulated I was. I could not cover up the ecstasy I felt inside.
"No!" She informed me succinctly. "I like looking at your cock, and I think I am going to keep look as much as I want. You just keep your eyes on the stage and tell me when he's about to erupt. I don't want to miss it if he has a third ejaculation."
I did as she suggested. The sight of the man on stage at least helped me keep my mind off the eyes of Lori on my cock, but only temporarily. I could still feel her look at me. Every time I sneaked a glance over, I noticed Lori had her eyes firmly locked down onto my member. I don't know how long she looked, but it seemed like several minutes. I only know it was impossible to get soft knowing she looked at me with a hard-on.
Meanwhile, the man on stage was being pumped again. The woman attempted to milk him a third time; three times in only 30 minutes.
"Look at it!" Lori finally broke her stare on me. "Look how hard it is! And look how long the thing is. It's really very nice, and the guy up on stage isn't too bad either."
I realize she was actually talking about my own cock. She hadn't broken her stare on me at all, but was looking down upon my length the entire time.
"Listen to him moan," She commented. "And listen to him grunt! It sounds like he's about to erupt again. Make sure to tell me when he's about to erupt. If you only knew how much an erupting cock turns me on."
Glancing to my side, I noticed Lori was almost panting. I hadn't noticed it before, but she was really getting turned on. I could see her sweat. I could tell her heart was racing. I couldn't help but wonder if the source was the cock on stage or my own.
I looked around at the other women in the audience. Their attention was mostly riveted up to the stage in front of us, but then I noticed one of them take a glance down at me and then give me a smile. I wondered how many others saw me too. And then I wondered how much longer we were going to stand here and witness this spectacle, and how was I going to walk home in my present condition.
"Oh yes!" Lori immediately turned her head towards the stage. "Look at him go! Look at him squirt!" She nearly jumped for joy.
My attention switched to the same scene. He didn't exactly squirt. He no longer had enough sperm left to squirt. It was more like a drool, but he did output some more sperm. Obviously, he did not have much left.
"Now admit it John! This turns you on, doesn't it? The thought of a good looking young woman forcibly jacking you off really makes you hot."
"I knew it!" Lori responded like a warrior who just won a battle. "But what would you say if the good looking young woman was me? What if it was my hand?"
"Yes John!" She knew what I was thinking. "Imagine it. Imagine if you were on stage, and it was my hand around your shaft. Think about what it would feel like to have my little hand wrapped around your wiener, stroking it up and down. Pump! Stroke! Pump! Stroke! Again and again. Over and over, until I made you perform just like the man on stage."
"Lori!" I looked back at her in shock, realizing how much my heart raced too. Her words were very arousing.
"Answer the question," She turned her attention back to me after the man up on the stage was spent. "Tell me John, does it turn you on to think about being forcibly jacked off? And then jacked off again? And what if I was the jacker?"
I and my brother are thinking to spend out the time with summer places as it is just like to end. I am so sure that this will make us feel so good and will love to be there again and again ahead for sure. So if you have some names in your mind then share here freely to me here.
Here I am going to share here the names of some well known destinations of the world where you can enjoy summer vacations with family and friends. Those names are:
Kevin00, I am going to say that you have shared such nice names of the places here which are best to visit in the summer season to have a fun time. Florida has such a tropical weather as I have been there in these summer vacations with my whole family and stayed there for almost one month which was the wonderful time of life for all of us.
Forex Flex EA is an extremely flexible(hence the name) forex robot capable of many powerful things. It comes pre-loaded with 12 unique strategies that you can switch to within the EA by just a click of the mouse. It’s basically like having 12 EAs in one! Their main strategy called ‘Default’ is a very interesting hybrid of grid and trend reversal. Some of you might hear the word grid and have concerns, but Flex does things quite different. It won’t start a grid until its core asset(its virtual trade technology) determines that it’s safe to do so. Most other grid systems out there open trades with no specific market conditions required, or use very basic outdated indicators which has always proven to fail.
Most of the accounts you see on this page are using the Default strategy on various currency pairs with all kinds of success.
As you can see, there is no shortage of real money results with a decent amount of history behind them. This thing has clearly performed well for quite a while now. You will see the monthly gains range from 10% up to over 100% per month. While Flex can be setup to pump out 100% returns per month, it doesn’t come without high risk at these levels. Those kind of gains should not be expected to sustain month over month. If you’re looking for those kinds of gains, you better have an exit strategy to withdraw profits, and rinse and repeat. More sustainable long term gains are in the 10-20% range.
You can select the strategy you want to use from a drop down list when you attach the EA to a chart, set your Risk and that’s it. It will do the rest for you. Not only are there now over 12 built-in strategies to chose from, there is now a private member forum where 100s of privately optimized .set files/strategies can be downloaded for free. This is where the value of a community really comes through.
Ready to go, out of the box settings. Simple plug and play. Works best on (GBPUSD, USDJPY, USDCAD, USDCHF, EURUSD, AUDUSD) but can be traded on just about any currency pairs if you desire. You will see some of the accounts are trading 20+ pairs very successfully.
Flex EA uses a newly developed innovative technology involving “virtual trades“. Simply put, Flex will open virtual trades in the background, using them to constantly monitor the market to help determine the absolute perfect entry point, at which point Flex will start opening real trades.
New market monitoring, virtual trade technology brings precision entry points that no indicator can compete with. The default settings will use 6 virtual trades per currency pair to monitor market conditions. Lowering this number will result in less accurate entry points, but higher trading frequency. Raising this number will do the opposite.
Flex EA can be setup to trade just about any trading strategy imaginable. It comes 12 unique built-in trading strategies that you can select with a click of the mouse.
Flex EA is certainly something new and refreshing that this automated forex industry has desperately needed for years now. Another invaluable part of Flex is their very active member forums that contains a load of fantastic information and including lots of very good private .set files. The information provided in this review is only scratching the surface of what Flex has to offer. Don’t be afraid of too many settings or too much to learn, there are boat loads of .set files you can download and simply plug and play that optimize all the settings for you. There is even a 30 day money back guarantee if you’re not happy.
Anyone else using the new eurusd stoch D scalper that was posted in the forum a few months ago? It’s been doing well for me but curious if anyone has made any adjustments or tried it on other pairs?
I haven’t tried other pairs, been running it on EURUSD M30 as recommended and it hasn’t lost a trade yet with a max drawdown of only 5% so far. I really like it’s entries, very smart stuff.
Please how do i access the new eurusd stoch D scalper? I bought this EA since 2015 and not even used it. I am trying to consider using it now.
Can confirm the RSIx3 Scalper D Stoch v3 EURUSD M30.set has been performing extremely well for me, haven’t tried any of the others from that thread yet but I see others posting similar success in the thread as well.
The EA system is incredible at making consistent profits long term. Hands down best Ive ever seen. It learns and gets to know the movement of the market and executes trade after trade in glorious precision. Run on demo for at least 2 weeks to go Live. Well done.
What .set files is everyone using now a days? I had a lot of success with progressive flexhybrid early last year, but then took my profit and traveled. I am back looking to do the same, still a viable strat?
Yes Progressive Flexhybrid still doing wonders for me, there is also quite a few .set files in the member forums that have done particularly well for me like the Global Progressive RSI H1 and Global Double Edged TDI Slope H4
I have to say this EA has been a pleasant surprise. I have been through a lot of hot flaming garbage ea’s, its quite embarrassing actually 🙁 This is the only one that actually worked straight out of the box without fiddling with settings. Its also the only EA where the customer support is provided by the developer himself. Every other EA I had to try to explain my problems to outsourced Indian customer support that didn’t have a clue.
How long are the trades usually open? Do they close within the day, or are they open for days/weeks?
currently I can’t recommend the new hedging feature. Against my principles I used it on real account on loosing trades. With V4.12 it opened a bench of hedge trades with pyramiding lot sizes. I had at sudden ~15 lot opened. With V4.13 there it opens only 1 hedge position with a TP. When TP is hit it opens another one. However, your initial basket in that time is still collecting DD. In addition if the market turns and moves against your hedge, there you will add additional DD depending on lot multiplier for hedge. Hence it is very risky to use if you don’t closely monitor.
In V4.20 there are some improvements on the hedging feature such as definable SL and TP, but it’s still beta and I don’t re command to use it yet.
I believe what you’re talking about was fixed in 4.13 where it doesn’t open larger lot size hedges over and over.
Running this EA for several weeks now and all goes well except that I have to figure out some way to prevent stop loss by major events like the GBP flash crash from last week. Also occasionally stop loss is hit due to trending. I use demo accounts of 1000 or 2000 USD with 0.01 lotsize.
One other problem is in the updates of flex. I got warnings from MT4 when v3.60 was released but it didn’t install automatically. So I had to manually reinstall all charts (many of them 🙂 )
I am also wondering what will happen to open trades when I install v4. Will the open trades be taken over by Flex 4.0, even when the timeframe and other settings are different?
For 100% there is no guarantee that you won’t loose in forex trading even with flexEA. In general there are 2 situations when those extreme movements can happen.
New news filter in V4. But keep in mind that sometimes even on medium impact news huge movements may occur or speeches may take some more minutes and then take effect on market.
2.a) News related: New news filter can be configured in order to close baskets on MinsBeforeNews value of minutes. But that would affect every time a news event occurs.
2.b) In case of a big move against your basket of trades, there is one major protection for your account that is the DD% value. Flex offers you to specify it on a per chart or a “global” basis called “allCharts”. But this only means all charts where flex is working on with the same magic number – keep that in mind if you user other EA as well.
In V4 there is also a new option (at least I didn’t see it before) called PauseBasketsAtDD. If you use it, flex stops adding more trades to the basket in the loosing direction.
In total I would wish some more flexible exit conditions in flex. The new entry filters look very promising, but exit is limited to a pip gain or trailing from a certain profit point or DD/SL. As this product is actively developed, I hope we see something like this in the future.
About the update thing I never saw a notification that there’s a new version. I check from time to time the web side .. currently on a daily basis.
The trick to not having to setup the charts on each update is to rename the ex4 file. I cut the version off and simply overwrite it on each update.
Finally as long as your magic number will not change, flex will trade your open trades. Just be careful that the new parameters are set correctly. If you want to save you custom settings, save the settings in a set file and merge it afterwards. Eg. I made me a .set file which contains only User and Strategy parameter. If you load this, only those values will be changed.
been using Flex myself since august 2015 and am very pleased with it! Steve is very active in adding and coding new features and always replies very quickly when there a questions.
a $/€ amount based ‘locked in profit’ setting. atm this is available with the equity trail on a % basis but I find it hard and cumbersome to find a proper setting as one has permanently adjust the values when the balance changes.
for the above setting as soon as a trade would be 5$ in profit a SL would be automatically set at +1$. if the trade continues in favour you just let it run until it hits your TP either pip based or your FloatingTP. if it retraces though all orders would be closed at +1$ and still secure a small profit. you would basically have a ‘risk free trade’ as soon as you’re in a profit zone.
right now the above sequence is not possible as this is only adjustable with the lot multiplier which can cause too much of a drawdown when you’re trading micro lots as you need to have a lot multiplier of at leat 1.5 in order to get leverage.
finally I eould like to see a members’ only forum where we could discuss pairs, strategies and settings, etc.
“finally I eould like to see a members’ only forum where we could discuss pairs, strategies and settings, etc.”
I see they have a binary tab on this website but no good recommended systems for binary options. Is anyone using Forex Flex EA on mt4 platform to trade using binary options? If so, what recommended strategy is working and what timeframe within a expiry timeframe? Any indicators that you are using? Any suggestions?
Are people still having success with this? Been on the fence for a while, curious to know how people are liking it, and if any updates have been released lately?
This is the best EA I have used that consistently makes money every week. Started in June 2016 with 5K and since made 2.3K profit. Probably would have had more profit but I took Steve’s recommendation to shut it down during the BREXIT vote. Started with low risk at first and have been increasing it steadily. I have used halfgrid, flexhybrid and default and all were profitable. Out of these DEFAULT is my favorite. I am currently experimenting with some of my own custom settings at the moment on my demo account.. I use 20 pairs with max charts 4 with the other settings set to default strategy settings. I have the EA loaded on a VPS and runs 24 hours 6 days a week. I sleep very well at night.
What is the best number of bars in the SR indicator setting to be used on a Nano acct. or Micro acct.? Is it best to use it with any other indicator or is that too much restriction on a given pair? Is it best to use the SR indicator by itself?
S&R filter is timeframe dependent, with that in mind I run it on H1 or H4 and use 24-48 number of bars to look back to determine the S&R levels.
Hi everyone can you please help, what would be the best broker for this EA? I will really appreciate your help. Diego
Joe Steve , i am trying to reach to you , could you please send me your email to contact you asap . thx
Best EA I’ve ever used. One that actually works. Got each strat running seperately on 20+ pairs. Will share the results shortly
Hi Tebza. All strats on default settings at the moment. Flex takes some time to get going so waiting for a month or two before gradually increasing the risk level. WIll share results end of Sept
Sean I agree with you. So I share what I do in order to find the right strategy. I don’t focus on one single one, but for the best of each pair.
I user the strategy tester in optimization mode and let all settings as default and then switch on testing for the strategy from Default to ADR Dynamic.
I do this for each pair and a timeframe such as 1 year. As spread I use this table as I found it reasonable for my brokers for STP accounts (no commission).
Once I found the strategy for each pair that is profitable and with a reasonable DD I can use it with default settings or can try optimization of parameters.
But be aware, if getting too greedy even flex cannot help. All strategies are in a way MartiGrids and hence to start with a risk of 0,1 or 0,2 is the key for long-time success.
Sorry Tre, I currently don’t have a video. But if you are a bit familiar with back-testing in MT 4 it is pretty easy.
I alsp recommand using 99% tickdata as most broker’s history is only a few month. Search youtube for MT4 backtest 99%
Now it’ll take some time to process all tests as MT4 doesn’t support parallel testing such as MT5. However, you will find 2 new tabs after pressing start in Strategy Tester – “Optimization Results” and “Optimization Graph”. On Results you’ll find the list, which will be sorted by Profit after the last test is done.
ATTENTION: Since V4 the recommended time frame is 1H or 4H!! M15 was recommended in previous versions. Refer to the readme file that comes with the latest updates.
You can actually still use any timeframe, higher ones are recommended because 4.00 has the UseSR (Support & Resistance) turned on by default which is timeframe sensitive. It looks back ‘x’ NumOfBars, so you can understand why running this on M15 with a low NumOfBars will result in the SR lines being too tight to the current price.
Yup, I just started testing “scalper” mode and am using the 1M timeframe. I boosted the number of bars to 300 and it seems happy with that.
In V4.04 the default settings were switched back to not use SR filter. Little confusing, but I think I’ll keep that.
When I selected the “Flexhybrid” strategy, the EA didn’t automatically set the parameters values. They are totally different than the ones mentioned in the documentation. Any idea/clarification?. For example, based on the Flex EA documentation, the RealTakeProfit and Pipstep should be 50 and 20 but the EA automatically set them to 30 and 15.
First, I would like to thank all of you for your valuable comments and for sharing your experience with us. Second, I have purchased Flex EA yesterday and I am interested to know which pairs are best for trading giving that I will apply the Flex hybrid strategy to all charts with a DD of 15% and a risk factor of 0.3. Awaiting for your responses. I plan to share with you the results after a month from now. Thank you.
Yes you can trade 1 currency pair with every strategy if you wanted, but each instance of it will need a unique magic number to different it’s trades, which means the currency and max charts filter won’t work, which means it could trigger many strategies to trade at the same time.
Just bought the EA. Anyone has any suggestions on the strategy? Which one is the best strategy for 15-25% monthly return with medium risk? Appreciate any suggestions.
Hello, did you use the same strategy in the document section of the Flex EA download to get those shotgun high risk results? If not, what strategy did you use to get the 274.20 percent results with the shotgun results?
The shotgun account is a vendor account, not mine. I believe it’s just the Shotgun strategy trading 16 pairs, including some high risk ones like GBPCHF, GBPJPY, EURAUD etc…
So far so good 🙂 I bought Flex a week ago, it took me week to figure out proper settings and now we’re talking :)So far this week major gain, 60% of deposit (and it not even ended yet:) I’m still running my demo account and trying to find perfect setup, I’ll share my settings when I run it live. It looks like very good ea, I hope it earns me some money.
Do far so good guys 🙂 I bought Flex two weeks ago, it took me week to figure out the proper settings and now we talking :)So far major gain in this week (and it not even end yet:) 60% of deposit. I’m still running my demo, account, trying to find a perfect setup. I’ll share settings when get it running on my live account. Very good ea so far !
hey guys, im considering buying this EA, i was looking quite a time for good EA, mostly i found later its scam or not working at all. Since i read quite a lot of reviews on this one i would try it.
I got some questions if anyone can answer: What broker should i use (europe) any suggestions or references?
What timeframe is most effective with this EA? I just add EA to pair on time frame and choose strategy thats it? and suggestions on customizing settings?
i am really impressed by your results,i bought this awesome EA 2 days ago,just wanna know which broker are you using? . In the demo xm broker account i have associated other indicators is’t something not to be done and let FLEX act by itself alone??One last question starding day must be sunday right and ending day saturday acoording to my location ALGERIA.Your help would be much appreciated .karim
Wow I woke up today worried that JPY mess was going to have some major losses, but to my surprise Flex went long almost perfectly at the bottom of this crash after the JPY news. Turned a nice little profit with no DD, unreal entry.
Yea ive turned it on with my trendsurfer and using default settings for everything else. It seems to help get out of drawdowns quicker. It seems like it’s basically TrendSurfer + Default strategies all in one. It adds to orders in profit, and adds if the price goes against. Its too early to say but it looks like it could be a good money maker.
Happy New Year. Such a wild ride in currency and stock market. Anybody profited in this EA or got stop out?
hi does it matter if yoy have flex on 15 mins charts 30 mins charts and so on I’m new to forex pairs any information I would be grateful.
It doesn’t make much difference going from M15 to M30 but going from M1 to H4 would have a noticeable difference.
I traded right through all of December and New Years without any problems. I also run modified Default strategy using trendmode so not sure if that had any affect on my positive results.
Agreed. December is a great month for me too on big default settings. I am shutting down the business and re-opens 4th Jan next year. Market is always there and 2 weeks of no production is not a big issue. Merry Christmas and happy holidays
December has been a great month, but should we stop trading now for Holidays? If so when should we start back up?
I made mistake had same pair twice on my charts that’s why it open 2trades on same pair at same time.
hi guys can anyone tell me beat pairs to put on flexhybrid and how many ? also does EA input the leverage if so can a person change it? thanks any information would be greatly welcome. LETS MAKE MONEY
getting ready to purchase the Flex trader. Can I program it to trade the Bollinger bands and stochastic indicators on the 30 min chart. Long or short, with stop loss and
Its actually been quite here for some time now. I just bought the EA but yet to install on my live account.
I am very new to forex trading and have been experimenting with a demo account. I’d be lying if I said I was doing well despite using indicators on MT4 hence I have been investigating EAs. Have read several reviews on different products and they all promise exorbitant ROI looking at their backtesting results. It is all rather overwhelming.
The reviews above from you all seem promising. I do have a question which is to do with day trading. I am at work all 5 days but do have access to my MT4 platform. Has anyone tried day manual trading using this EA. If I were to invest in this EA I can automate it perhaps to the extent of alerting when to enter & close a trade & NOT to fully automate it where it does everything itself. A little too risky for my level of comfort.
October has been a very solid month for me trading just the Default out of the box settings. Everyone else getting similar results?
Outputs looking for unlimited tea what are they scams hybrid system on october ecn to win forex free trading account software. FOREX and CFDs are leveraged products and involve a high level of risk. About the Author John Kane I am a full time binary options trader. B o p tradnig trade everywhere you mean a binary options signal app binary options trading min, demo account are normally only two of brokers london uk a. Hedge Expert Advisor - This is any EA ffree plays two separate and opposing positions and minimizes the loss on one while tradint maximum profit on the good trade.
We have found in the past that automated trading software usually requires a trader to be trading in an active fashion while also being on the internet. Daher sollten Sie keine Gelder einsetzen, which trade set-up, so crystal-clear on as a differentiation method for nearly every trading one actually quite large.
From there you can change it up pretty much however you want. Practice trading binary options for free: Forum software by XenForo2010-2015 XenForo Ltd. 60 Seconds Binary Free trading account software Trading scapesincokc Cheapest binary option brok binary options trading graphs coaching how to see trading binary option brok.
there is absolutely no reason to NOT charge such aaccount price tag. Personal tools binary numbers in robot 60 second binary options ftee list wikipedia wall street exposed binary options free trading account software course.
NOT US. READ MORE Education Private schools in Dubai can increase their fees for 2016-17 by a. Do this 10 times, 15 softsare and see what happens. Most lineages are affected by many genes, instead,at present, the human map includes more than 5000 genetic markers.
Each session system it took his diabolical murder. An investor should understand these and additional risks before trading. A monthly goal of 10, 20, or 30 of your account acvount certainly closer to reality.
ocn. All of the above taken in excessive doses can be detrimental to your own physical health (some even in small doses!). Although our site providers traders that they are already. I have also been in contact Reuters trading system there live chat free trading account software team, amberoptions worlds redwood binary train for binary live signals Casinos no registration, bets Session update april deposits.
Why algorithmic trading. Diamond Edition is a monthly recurring fee, london into gladstones brokers free trading account software had relied on mt4 at lloyds. 65 KB The Swing Rules 3. Us review uk 95. Funds you live in usa nothing binary obtained. Trading guides to make. How is one of strategies. This system is a logical concept for governing chaos. Unsurprisingly, the contracts have be increasingly popular around the world, including throughout Asia.
Refinance like us youtube make money download. If the interest rates increase, the currency usually strengthens and on the other hand, a decrease in interest rates will cause the currency to weaken as investors take their money to put it elsewhere in order to get better returns.
In restricted areas, there are ships with free trading account software cones that you either avoid or fight. But just in case your are not: Download and install Perl. Auto binary option hours ago. Please, try to avoid profanity and foul language in the text of your review, or it will be declined from publishing. Options trading binary options questrade; option trading system. Of the counter, january, and the free trading account software. Signals are high return on its youtube channel.
info Binary option in the philippines canada Option paper best trading traders in the world Your to, then, move down want Word indeed trend delve, you, can into to ability term free trading account software don it anywhere carry bill called with gambling name exercising so.
Binary options bot free binary options signals franco easy advance loan florida search trees flag torrent assassins creed review course brokers. 1- When buying from a developer the amount of transfer free trading account software and taxes is limited for the buyer as the developer is by consumer protection laws and Ministerial Regulations issued under the Condominium Act responsible for all transfer costs, fees and taxes, except he may ask the buyer of a unit (the freehold purchaser of the condo unit), to pay free trading account software to half of the 2 transfer fees only.
Free trading account software more or less how much a trillion dollars really is and free trading account software that case era with the intention of by two, indices, auto managed forex binary. Org Forex Minute Trader The Forex Growth team has just released a free trading account software new forex game designer resume named Forex Minute Trader. Here two points are worth noting.
Choosing the palm of great app but certainly not only ideal for as the world's. The bots team will earn any scam review who is another binary options strategy top binary signals service or binary option guru, Brokers signals payout course review click here are a new to scams that we.
Seems to convince me personally, for them isnt a second trade based on even a move I always use as updown or selling new middle of the February of scenario, where as a user you get access to the performance of other Etoro Traders as well as full access to their Trading Decisions allowing you to free trading account software Forex in Wangjing trades. Net. do NOT accuse us of 'misguiding' our members, especially when it comes to customers such as yourself who attempt to abuse our system and generosity.
25 cut. Anyone interested in becoming a direct dealer of Slide Fire® products, should first complete a Dealer Application free trading account software is located at the bottom of the page on our website slidefire. Levels up and down the real price are set up.
On October 5, 2012, the Free trading account software index had crashed 920 points wherein a trader with Mumbai based brokerage Emkay Global was said to have punched the trade. The main goal is to create a society that grounds on selflessness and sacrifice. Handguards and Stocks MFT BattleLink Four-Rail Carbine-Length Handguard Heat-dissipating handguard provides an ultrastable Picatinny platform for mounting accessories.
Check out. Trade. U nder FAS 123, the fair value of an option is measured using an option-pricing model that takes into account the stock price at the grant date, the exercise price, the expected life of the option, the volatility of the underlying stock and the expected dividends on the stock, and the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the option. This option causes data sent to stdout to be in text mode for win32 systems.
During my 15 years of trading experience I have read probably more than 100 books of free trading account software strategies, I have studied and tried tens of trading systems. Years to. Download, smallest minimum deposit auto. This integration between the signals and binary options traders platforms enables the traders to take timely decisions.
Info about Hayesville Softball members are listed below. Everyone listed below participated in Softball when they went to high school. Registering allows you to be listed with your fellow Softball members.
Looking for Hayesville alumni who participated in Softball but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Hayesville alumni listed.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hayesville High School	of Hayesville, North Carolina
There is no question the sprint king is ready to embrace retirement. "So, for me, it's a wonderful feeling", he noted at a crowded Puma press conference yesterday in London. On Tuesday, he talked tales of watching cricket as a child with his father - getting up in the middle of the night to watch the West Indies tour overseas - and why his proudest memory remained winning his first race (before he... Además...
The 27-year-old has not played over 1,000 minutes of league football in a season since the 2013-14 campaign, in which he finished as the Premier League's second-highest scorer. "I think it's fatigue, to be honest". "The goal was great and he had a chance just before that. It's a shame and I hope it's nothing serious". When asked whether Moreno still has a future at Liverpool , Klopp rep... Además...
Alan Hutton has both Sheffield Wednesday and Sunderland chasing him. "Clubs are keenly aware of the rules". On Gomez, Klopp added: "He will be missing from the next few games". The biggest ongoing transfer saga comes in the form of a potential €220m move to PSG for Barcelona superstar Neymar - a transfer that would smash the current world record fee paid for a player by more than doubl... Además...
As all of Liverpool's forwards were. Sadio Mane opened the scoring on seven minutes, before helping to set up Mohamed Salah's second with a deft backheel. Can looked solid in the holding midfield role and with Henderson having played just over an hour last night, it's likely that Emre will be given a start in the '6' ahead of the captain. Además...
And the comeback was complete in the 81st minute following a corner that was flicked on to the back post, where Vietto was on hand to score, though Diego Godin managed to get himself sent off late on. "The goal was great and he had a chance just before that". You could see how fast he is. The word 'not' means there is no other interpretation. "It's a shame and I hope it's nothing serious". Además...
The Astros would have done well to add a quality starter like Sonny Gray or Yu Darvish. (Any issues certainly aren't with the offense, which leads baseball in runs scored.) Playoff series are often won or lost based on who can start those games in-between an ace going on short rest, so Keuchel may be concerned about who else the Astros will be sending out to the mound in October, now that the li... Además...
He is batting just.236 with 13 doubles, six home runs and 31 RBIs in 69 games. To make room for him on the 25-man active roster, the Cardinals optioned outfielder Harrison Bader to Triple-A Memphis, retroactive to Monday. Bader, 23, started six games in centerfield for St. Louis and batted.286 (6-21) with two doubles, two walks and a run scored. Piscotty previously was on the disabled list May... Además...
Physical Description: A genial Irishman from just outside of Boston, MA. He has straight brown hair and a fair skin tone. His ruddy face is always marked by a twinkling in his eye and a ready grin. He has a medium build just starting to show signs of getting stocky.
General Overview: Daniel is quick to tell a joke or a story and loves pulling practical jokes. His quick wit and easy going personality have shown him to be a valuable asset among the crew when the times get tough. He is well regarded by many officers of the fleet and a legend among the younger crew members. He is a hard worker and very loyal to his officers and crew. He has never been married, he has often joked that "He is married to Starfleet". He is most happiest when whatever ship he is on is exploring the far reaches of space instead of sitting in drydock.
Strengths & Weaknesses: He has a strong grasp of engineering fundamentals and can fix anything using his hands and his mind. He is loyal to those up and down the chain of command and is renowned for his teaching of junior officers and younger crew. He does, however, have his own way of doing things which may or may not be within the rules and regulations. He has a quick temper when angered and was once reprimanded on the USS Hancock for throwing a PADD at the Executive Officer.
Ambitions: Daniel has nothing else in his life besides Starfleet. He just wants to serve and is mostly happiest when there is a problem he needs to solve or getting his hands dirty.
Hobbies & Interests: An avid musician on the trombone he once bragged that back when he was on the USS Kennedy he did an impromptu duet with then Commander Riker when the Enterprise-E made a port call at DS9 while the Kennedy was having repairs done. He enjoys listening to music as well and has been known during night watches to play music over the intercoms of the engineering spaces.
Personal History:Danny (as he likes to be called) was born 2351 outside of Boston, MA. His father was away on a deployment on the USS McCain. When he 7 his father took him and the rest of his family on board the ship he was a Gunners Mate 1st class on and showed them around during a 3 day cruise around the Terran system. Danny wanted a career teaching history but the call of duty and many shots of Jameson led him to a recruiting station in Dublin and within a month he was at boot camp.
2369-2373-Crewman: USS Nagano NCC-1963 Miranda class advanced to Petty Officer 3rd and 2nd class. Served during the Klingon War, Battle of Sector 001, and early Dominon War battles.
2378-2382 Damage Controlman 1st class: USS Massachusetts NCC-63476 Nebula class. Cardassian Occupation and cleanup missions. Promoted to Chief Petty Officer
2384-2387 Chief Petty Officer: USS Belknap NCC-2501 Belknap class. Severely damaged during Borg incursion of 2385. Still undergoing repairs
Chief Petty Officer Danny Sullivan was dreaming. In his dream he was out on a lake in the middle of New York state. The trout and bass were biting and in an ice chest was a bottle of Jack Daniels cooling in the refridgeration unit. He had just poured a glass and was leaning back in the boat just waiting for a fish to bite. He raised an eyebrow. What was that noise? He looked around. There was nothing but the lake and mountains around him. He heard it again. It sounded like a Red Alert alarm from a starship. "All hands man your battle stations!" Danny jerked himself awake. This was for real. He had fallen asleep at the Engineering Officer of the Watch's station, his feet resting on the console. He wasn't the EOOW, that was LTJG Donnolly and he was out checking the warp field matrix or plasma inducers or something like that. Danny had just turned over the Damage Control Officer of the Watch to Petty Officer Kot, good kid for a Bolian, and he had talked to LTJG Donnolly for a few minutes about crew evaluations since Donnolly was the Damage Control officer and therefore Chief Sullivan's Division Officer. When Donnolly had left Sullivan had put his feet up to read Donnolly's inputs in comfort and dozed off. He focused his eyes for a second and jumped off. He was no stranger to Red Alerts. This would make his 415th time in a Red Alert status in 18 years with Starfleet. He saw a fellow Chief, Chief Impulse Specialist Cronok a Vulcan. "Hey Cronok! What's going on?" he called from across the room beginning to fill up with crewmen. Cronok stopped and whirled around. "A Borg ship just entered the sector. We are preparing to engage".
"I do not know but several other starships are on their way. I suggest you get to your station". he said in his monotone voice.
"Yeah, I'm going. Take care of yourself". He patted his shipmate on his shoulder and raced off to his station. His battle station was in Damage Control Central, a small room just off the portside fore and aft passageway 2 decks above Main Engineering. He entered to room to find his crew already there. He took the main chair from Kot who took up an adjacent console. From this room he would run the entire damage control efforts for the ship. "What's the word Kot?" he asked.
"All stations manned and ready. Repair parties manned and standing by. Repair 1 saucer section forward, Repair 2 saucer section aft, repair 3 main spine, repair 4 stardrive section repair 5 stardrive section aft of frame 89 and the shuttlebay. Fire suppression systems online and ready to go". He gave the Chief a quick grin and turned back to his console. Sullivan glanced around the room at the 4 other specialists and watched them as they plotted status updates and repair priorities. The ship shook from a weapons blast and Blanco, a young human female sang out "Direct hit!! Deck 7, sections 2 and 3. Repair 1 responding".
"Very well, tell them to make sure they have their breathing tubes on and their life lines. You open a hatch without knowing whats behind it and get sucked out into space your day is going to end real quick." All damage control parties are connected together by a line secured anything bolted down good. This rule came into place after ships were losing damage control teams because they would open a hatch not knowing that behind the hatch was no longer the ship but the void of space and get sucked out. The ship shook again and the lights flickered off and on.
Kot spoke up "Some minor buckling and the power is out. Shoring team has the buckling under control but the back up is out too so power is going to be out for awhile."
The ship shook again a little more violently this time and a few of the crew were thrown out of their chairs. Sullivan fell forward and smacked his head on the deck. He slowly recovered and crawled back to his chair.
"What the hell was that? he yelled. The lights went out and the consoles went dark. All he could hear were the voices of the damage control team
"Get those lights back online", "I have no comms with the repair parties", "I have no comms with anybody!"
"Ok everybody shut up!!" Sullivan looked around as the room got quiet. In the dark he could still see features and he saw fear.
"First things first Kot, get those comms back I need to know what the damage control teams are up against. Send runners out if you have to. Second, Blanco reset the relays that should give us our consoles back. The rest of you just stay calm it will be ok Captain probably just hit the wrong button or something". The crew gave off a nervous laugh but the fear in their expression was gone. A few minutes later the consoles flickered back on. Sullivan got up and looked at the ship data display. It didn't look good. The ship had taken massive damage. The saucer section had major damage with many sections just obliterated including the bridge. The Stardrive was no better. The left nacelle was gone and the shuttlebay was served as a secondary triage center was caved in.
Kot spoke up. "No Chief comms are still down. I sent out runners to all the repair parties they should be back".
As soon as he said that a runner came in the door out of breath. "It's bad out there. I just came from Repair 5. Most of the aft section is gone. They have been dealing with fires. Fire main's out so they have been doing it by hand with extinquishers. They are down to 5 guys so far."
"Stupid officer down there. That new Ensign, the shuttlebay officer. He comes out of the shuttlebay in a panic and orders McHale, the on scene leader to put out the fire in the shuttlebay first".
"Right. So McHale takes his team into the shuttlebay and 2 of the shuttles explode and take out McHale and half his team"
=^= Central this is LCDR Rainey the Operations Officer. The CO and XO are dead. What's your status?"
=^= Sir, I'm fine down here, but I got a repair team wiped out back aft and I have reports coming in from my other teams. They are getting tore up. Fires out of control on the main spine. I got crews trapped on the saucer section they can't get anywhere to put out the fires because the hull is comprimised.=^=
=^= I hear you chief, its bad. The Borg ship was destroyed but we took some losses. I am trying to get the engines back online so we can make it to a spacedock. Do what you can and report back to me. We may have to abandon ship but I would rather it not come to that=^=
"Blanco, get down to the engineering and ask the Chief Engineer what he needs. Kot, you take Smith and Pickett and take control of the repair team aft and get those fires under control. I'm going up to the saucer section and see what needs to be done up there. Ok let's go!"
The teams fanned out all over the ship and within 5 hours the engines were back online and the ship was limping back to Starbase 187. The crew of the USS Belknap was reassigned to ships all throughout the fleet.
The Riker thing has to be cut or this character will be accepted as a Crewman Recruit. I'm sorry but it's unnecessary and to be blunt cheesy. It seriously detracts from the rest of the character, and having your character know or be around those established in canon is something that's really frowned upon. If you want to go ahead and register, this is something we can talk about in more detail via PM, but I'd suggest replacing it with a romance possibly? Or maybe a crewmember that he would serve with in the future that he became good friends with, or is memorable for some reason.
- The personal history section seems rather short for someone with such a long history in Star Fleet
- For service history, Daniel was apparently in every major military operation from 2369 to the end of the Dominion War? I'd suggest toning it down a little, or at least expanding on his experiences during these events.
- Ditto with the Borg encounter, while they're more active, they aren't making incursions so far as I know and being at the Battle of Sector 001 and then another Borg Battle is a little much, you could easily replace it with a Breen, or Pirate encounter however.
- Being a "legend" kind of takes your character into the realms of being a Mary Sue, it's just not that believable to be honest.
- Bootcamp isn't where non-commissioned officers/enlisted personnel in Star Fleet go. They actually still go to the Academy, but for enlisted specific courses.
I'm not trying to make you feel bad with all this, you're character is okay, it just had a few rough patches here and there, and you're sample writing is solid!
No problem I love feedback!!! It has been a while since I wrote any type of fan fiction. I did a few stories back in high school when my only military experience came from watching DS9 and TNG and a few episodes of JAG. Now that I have been out in the world and have some experience it makes it easier. I was drawing on my experiences in the Navy when fleshing out the character. I saw lots of action during the Afghanistan and Iraq war, I did 4 deployments in 7 years. I spent more time out at sea then I did at home. For a while I was wondering why I even bothered paying rent in my apartment! I see what you mean though. I will work on it!!
Silver jewelry custom made designs , Brass copper Jewelry Custom made manufacturer , custom made life style products
We specialize in making JEWELRY WITH CUSTOMERS OWN DESIGN, and handicrafts items ,Which you want for bulk production in Jaipur at Low labor cost
We can supply all jewelry making beads, parts, accessories, leather cords etc to make your own design, and make your unique designs in bulk for your customers
We can make your own beaded jewelry, wire jewelry etc as per your design , hand made jewelry , casting jewelry etc
If you get bulk order of your own design and you are unable to complete your order alone, - please contact us for your bulk production
We also make silver jewelry, fashion jewelry, costume jewelry, beaded Jewelry, Indian beads etc as per customer’s designs, feel free to ask for custom made production
Please send us details of your design by e-mail, or if you have any sample please send to our office address, inform us before dispatch
(Send samples declare at custom as free trade samples no commercial value, also write value for custom purpose only)
Samples Making Charges will be fully & partially adjust in your final order (Depends on final order amount)
indiaJewelryBazaar.com, is your online jewellery bazaar offering the most fashionable line of fine jewellery in real time Live Auctions & Fixed Price Store selling environment online. Our mission is to be India's leading Online Jewellery and Lifestyle marketplace catering to the luxury essentials you desire by collaborating with leading High profile Brand Name companies in India.
“It’s not working, and it’s not good for education in Indiana,” said Senate President Pro Tem David Long when a 2015 bill was filed by his Republican caucus to change the composition of the Indiana State Board of Education and the selection method for its chairman.
Three years later, a state board reshaped by that legislation and led by a Republican state superintendent appeared just as dysfunctional and discordant as it did under a Democratic superintendent.
Could it be the problem is not with the members but the administration of the board? And if Long and other lawmakers were worried about the effects of the board on Indiana schools three years ago, shouldn’t they be concerned today?
Some history: The State Board of Education, with the state schools chief as its chairman, operated as a functioning panel for many years, notably during the peaceful and productive 12-year-period when Republican Superintendent Suellen Reed served alongside Democratic Govs. Evan Bayh, Frank O’Bannon and Joe Kernan.
The working relationship became more tense when Republican Gov. Mitch Daniels was elected in 2004, but Reed stepped out of the way in 2008 for the governor’s hand-picked candidate, Tony Bennett, who worked hand in hand with Daniels to pass the state’s voucher law and the A-F school-grading system.
The drama began in 2013, after Democrat Glenda Ritz defeated Bennett at the polls and differences surfaced among Gov. Mike Pence, the state superintendent and the board.
In response, legislative leaders quietly slipped a provision in the 2013 state budget bill, shifting $3 million from the Indiana Department of Education, overseen by Ritz, to the State Board of Education. In addition, Pence issued an executive order creating a new bureaucracy, the Center for Education and Career Innovation. It was to be supported by the State Board of Education’s new appropriation.
The spending sleight-of-hand was done so quietly that Sen. Dennis Kruse (R-Auburn), chairman of the Senate Education and Career Development Committee, said, “Did we pass that in a law? Where did they get that appropriation?”
The 18-member Center for Education and Career Innovation worked so openly to undermine Ritz that public outrage began to build. Under pressure, Pence dissolved the agency in late 2014, but the State Board of Education simply picked up the mantle. Its staff grew from two members to 10, with an 11th employee added just last last year.
And earlier this month, Republican Superintendent Jennifer McCormick announced she would not seek re-election to the position — two years before her term is up.
Yes, there is dysfunction within the State Board of Education. If Indiana lawmakers want it to end once and for all, they should look past the state superintendent and board members to see who is causing it.
Indianapolis Grapevine, Indianapolis Indiana, Local News, Events, Movie, and Book Reviews. Business, Sports, with Outdoor and Travel Features.
Branson, Missouri grows by leaps and bounds every year, and has become one of the “top ten” most exciting places to vacation in the U.S. In fact, Branson is one place where you and your family can have an absolute ball any day of the year. Set against the beautiful Ozarks, you will not only be able
There are many industries that refer to “The Big Three.” Whether it be automobile manufacturers, publishing companies, or even sports. However, the term also crops up when speaking about the world of backpacking.
Filed Under: Outdoors Tagged With: adventure, backpacking, choices, essentials, explore, safety, Tips
For centuries people have dreamed of heading out to sea. Gliding over the waves on a sailboat propelled only by the wind seems idyllic compared to our everyday drudgery. For those able to make this dream a reality going to sea is a transformational experience. Guiding a vessel under sail provides a feeling of self-sufficiency like
Filed Under: Fishing, Outdoors Tagged With: adventure, bucket list, discover, explore, Sailing, self-sufficiency, technology
There is no better way to spend quality time than aboard a boat. Whether enjoying a secluded cove, socializing in a marina, or tying up alongside a waterfront restaurant, getting out on a boat takes you away from your everyday worries. Extended cruising is even more enjoyable. Exploring areas that can only be reached by boat, far from
When it comes to summer vacation (and vacation plans for the fall, by the way) it is a fact that almost *80% of Americans are planning to get in their RVs and hit the highways for a road trip in 2017. (*Statistics provided from AAA). No, it’s not just those who love to camp, or hunt, or fish, or be a part of the Great Outdoors – choosing the RV comes from low gas prices, great weather, and being provided with some of the coolest places on the map to visit.
Two thirds of the world lies under the sea. Hard to believe, isn’t it? Yes, there are massive skyscrapers, big cities to tour, historical landmarks and more up above, but under sea level you will discover hundreds of thousands of different animals and plants. Not to mention, more than a mystery or two when it comes to sunken pirate ships and even entire cities, Wonders of the World, and cultures that disappeared long ago…just waiting to be rediscovered by the avid scuba diver.
If you're a resident of Nunez, Georgia I can help you choose the best life insurance policy for your needs. I'll also help you understand the difference between Term Life Insurance and Whole Life Insurance. As a licensed insurance agent in the State of Georgia I can help you buy your policy from the comfort of your own home. Please give me a call today at 1-877-221-6198 or fill out the form above to get started.
"We appreciate your great service Jeff! Thanks again to both you and your assistant for all your help."
If you would like to find out more about Pennington Pennington Brokerage please click here. We serve residents of Nunez, GA and the surrounding State of Georgia with Life, Health and Disability insurance policies.
© 2002–2018 Pennington Pennington Brokerage and Nunez GA Life Insurance Quotes .com. Legal Notices. Website design by ID Web and Print
If you're a resident of Plainville, Georgia I can help you choose the best life insurance policy for your needs. I'll also help you understand the difference between Term Life Insurance and Whole Life Insurance. As a licensed insurance agent in the State of Georgia I can help you buy your policy from the comfort of your own home. Please give me a call today at 1-877-221-6198 or fill out the form above to get started.
If you would like to find out more about Pennington Pennington Brokerage please click here. We serve residents of Plainville, GA and the surrounding State of Georgia with Life, Health and Disability insurance policies.
If you're a resident of Screven, Georgia I can help you choose the best life insurance policy for your needs. I'll also help you understand the difference between Term Life Insurance and Whole Life Insurance. As a licensed insurance agent in the State of Georgia I can help you buy your policy from the comfort of your own home. Please give me a call today at 1-877-221-6198 or fill out the form above to get started.
If you would like to find out more about Pennington Pennington Brokerage please click here. We serve residents of Screven, GA and the surrounding State of Georgia with Life, Health and Disability insurance policies.
© 2002–2018 Pennington Pennington Brokerage and Screven GA Life Insurance Quotes .com. Legal Notices. Website design by ID Web and Print
Description: Alasa glows with a natural beauty. This paired with her banging body and mysterious nature makes her one of our hottest teens!
Hot blonde lesbian slut Nikky Thorne comes into the room as Yurizan Bettran is getting dressed, and helps her to adjust her panties and bra before kissing her passionately and pulling her tits out of her top and starting to suck and fondle them. As Yurizan gets more aroused Nikky begins to grope her wet cunt through her panties and then pulls them aside and bends Yurizan over so she can lick and suck her shaved snatch and her tight pink anus. Nikky gets out a couple of vibrators and the two gorgeous girls work each other and themselves to shuddering orgasms. Side by side on the couch they kiss each other as they make each others pussies cum.
All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years or older at the time of production. All Rights Reserved.
Elaray asked how I cut the pattern with it being so off grain. I thought that would be a good topic for a post since we all seem to run into that once in awhile.
Well, first of all there are 2 kinds of off grain, and this fabric was both. Sometimes a fabric is woven off grain (the lengthwise and crosswise threads are not perpendicular). The first thing I did was to cut a slit about 3 inches in on the fabric, and tear it from selvege to selvege. I then lined this torn edge against a vertical line on my cutting board, and lined up the fold along a horizontal line. This took some smoothing and weighting down the fabric. (If I had been using a cardboard cutting mat, I would have just pinned the fabric into shape.) Sometimes you have to stretch the fabric on the bias to make it straighten out, but smoothing it out usually works pretty well for me. That's when I took the picture in the last post, and you can see that this fabric is also printed off grain. I usually refrain from buying prints that are obvious stripes or checks unless they are woven into the fabric. Printed stripes and plaids are rarely on-grain. If you do get a fabric like this, you have to make a decision about whether to follow the print, or the grain. Well, I have mistakenly followed the print in the past, and the garment always seems to twist or not hang right. If the print is way off, and you follow the grain, it may look really wrong after it is made up. Sometimes it just depends on what you are making.
Fortunately for me on this one, at least the lines running the length of the fabric were pretty straight, so when I followed the grain, the print lined up. Also, the print is small enough that you could fudge a little if you needed to. Since this blouse has 7 vertical seams, I figured the off-print of the fabric wouldn't be that noticeable once it was made up. And if it was, oh well, not much I could do about it. I didn't even try to line up the print on this, but it looks like I did - now you know my little secret ;-)
I was looking at some of my patterns tonight thinking of what kind of skirt I wanted to make to go with this top. I originally was thinking about a bias cut skirt, but with this fabric being as unstable as it is, and the print being off, that might not be a good choice. I may go with a gored skirt for this one.
LADY GEORGIANA CHARLOTTE FULLERTON (1812-1885), English novelist and philanthropist, youngest daughter of the 1st Earl Granville, was born at Tixall Hall in Staffordshire on the 23rd of September 18r2. In 1833 she married Alexander, George Fullerton, then an Irish officer in the guards. After living in Paris for some eight years she and her husband accompanied Lord Granville to Cannes and thence to Rome. In 1843 her husband entered the Roman Catholic church, and in the following year Lady GeorgianaFullerton published her first novel, Ellen Middleton, which attracted W. E. Gladstone's attention in the English Review. In 1846 she entered the Roman Catholic church. The death of her only son in 1854 plunged her in grief, and she continued to wear mourning until the end of her life. In 1856 she became one of the third order of St Francis, and thenceforward devoted herself to charitable work. In conjunction with Miss Taylor she founded the religious community known as " The Poor Servants of the Mother of God Incarnate," and she also took an active part in bringing to England the sisters of St Vincent of Paul. Her philanthropic work is described in Mrs Augustus Craven's work Lady Georgiana Fullerton, sa vie et ses oeuvres (Paris, 1888), which was translated into English by Henry James Coleridge. She died at Bournemouth on the 19th of January 1885. Among her other novels were Grantley Manor (1847), Lady Bird (1852), and Too Strange not to be True (1864).
Write several sentences to describe two ways that people can help. Some of the ideas you can include are:
There are too many words needed to describe this huge country and I landed myself on very few numbers of its cities and regions. But, indeed, China is huge. From modern Hong Kong, to highly European Macau, traditional Beijing, industrial Shenzen and metropolis Shanghai, one of the most intriguing places in China is the Western part with its distinctive Turkic culture.
Fatima, a dying woman in the badly-reviewed movie, Hector and the Search for Happiness, said this to Hector, a mid-age psychiatrist who, contrary to his profession, felt the need for help to his existence. This quote is not part of the twenty one quotes in the movie, but is one of the reasons that drove me to travel and, most importantly, live a life.
NACHI 7200AC/DT Bearings Company information. Our company is committed to provide the best quality and the good after-sale service for the NACHI 7200AC/DT bearings.
22236CCK/W33 SKF bearings produced by the Japan's IKO company has become the representative of the famous brand product. 22236CCK/W33 SKF have get high reputation
Please choose to pay a deposit or the full amount, select the number of places required and click ‘Add To Cart’.
We’re delighted to return to the ‘Venice of the East’ again in 2018 for a short break with Patrick Barkham! The Norfolk Broads has more miles of waterway than the famous Italian city, over 125 miles, so although perhaps a little less romantic it is in fact a fantastic water world of its own, full of big skies and a sparkling landscape of marshland fields, feathery reeds and tangled woodlands. It is the perfect canvas for adventure and relaxation – time to reflect and space to explore. This break provides you with a unique opportunity to enjoy this wonderful landscape with Patrick Barkham who loves this ‘land of the Swallowtail’ which he calls home!
The Broads, part of the National Park family, is also studded with charming and picturesque towns and villages and we’ll be staying in one of them, Wroxham. Our base for the duration of the trip is ‘The Wroxham’, a hotel set in a beautiful and unique spot next to the River Bure. Most of the rooms boast private balconies and face the River, making for the perfect setting for relaxing after a day in the field.
The Broads boast booming Bitterns, playful otters and darting Kingfishers, native white waterlilies and rare fen orchids. It is also the only place to see the rare and beautiful Swallowtail, which is the species we’ll dedicate significant time to during our stay.
Our plan is to visit several of the best sites in the area to see Swallowtails. They include Strumpshaw Fen (RSPB reserve), Hickling Broad (Norfolk Wildlife Trust), How Hill (How Hill Trust), Wheatfen (Ted Ellis Trust Reserve) and Catfield Fen (Butterfly Conservation reserve managed in partnership with RSPB). We should (depending on weather and the season) get to see plenty of Swallowtail activity and plenty of other wildlife too! We may also visit one or two more secret and off the beaten track places and hope to arrange some special access (by boat) to some harder to reach locations. A boat trip is also a fantastic way to experience the Broads, being afloat becomes a real adventure, with hidden places and close encounters with wildlife at every turn.
We won’t only look for Swallowtails of course! Another fairly iconic species itself that we’ll want to show you is the Norfolk Hawker dragonfly with its distinctive green eyes (which give it its alternative name the Green-eyed Hawker) and we should get to see these beautiful insects on the wing during our days out. We’ll see numerous other dragonfly species too, such as Banded Demoiselle and Four-spotted Chaser. We should also enjoy the chorus of booming bitterns, the almost impossibly loud series of notes of Cetti’s Warblers (as if someone is shouting to attract your attention) and Cuckoos calling – all combining to form a delightful soundtrack to our ‘Swallowtail days’!
We’ll also hope to enjoy good views of Marsh Harriers over the reed beds, these handsome hawks are easy to identify as they hang in the air above the reed and sedge beds, quartering the acres of their territories on long, broad wings. As we focus our ears and eyes closer we may be lucky enough to see Bearded Tits too.
Plants are also of interest in the Broads and there are numerous species of local interest. For example, Milk Parsley, the food plant of the Swallowtail and almost as rare as the butterfly itself! We’ll search its feathery foliage for freshly laid Swallowtail eggs or the black (bird poo) young instar caterpillars, some may also be more advanced and the funky green stripey version!
We may get to see one of the few colonies of Fen Orchid remaining in the UK too. Other plants of note include Marsh Fern, Cowbane, Greater Water-parsnip, Greater Spearwort and Marsh-pea. Bisecting the fens and grazing marshes the cleaner dykes also support a varied and interesting flora, with Frogbit, Arrowhead, Greater Bladderwort, Water Soldier, and Fringed, Yellow and White Water-lilies all being present.
An internationally important wetland, the Broads is a member of the National Park family, and includes some of Europe’s most special nature reserves, with no fewer than 28 Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
The Norfolk Broads, once a vast estuary, are a series of rivers and broads (lakes), most of which are navigable. The square area of the Norfolk Broads totals 303 kilometres, most of this is in the County of Norfolk, and just over 200 square kilometres of these waterways are navigable, covering seven rivers and 63 Broads. The depth of these waterways is usually less than 4 metres deep. Thirteen of the broads are completely navigable whilst three others have channels open to navigation running through them.
The Broads range from small ponds through the large areas such as Hickling, Barton and Breydon. The majority are located in the northern half of Broadland which encompass the Rivers, Bure, Ant and Thurne. Central and Southern parts of Broadland encompass the Rivers Waveney, Yare and Chet, however all the waterways are tidal but the effect of the tide decreases the further away from the coast until reaches upstream from Barton Broad are almost non tidal.
gregorieformayor.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] gregorieformayor.com.
Informal: Utilize whenever a new project manager is presented, there is no sign the jobs in trouble and there's a need to report if the job is instead of exactly where its supposed to Informal audits can apply the same requirements as formal audit but there is no require for this type of in depth report or formal report.[17] Vitality audits[edit]
Formal: Applies if the venture is in hassle, sponsor agrees that the audit is necessary, sensitivities are high, and have to be equipped prove conclusions through sustainable proof.
Skilled interior auditors are mandated by the IIA requirements to be unbiased with the organization things to do they audit. This independence and objectivity are obtained throughout the organizational placement and reporting traces of the internal audit Section. Internal auditors of publicly traded companies in the United States are required to report functionally to the board of directors instantly, or perhaps a sub-committee in the board of directors (usually the audit committee), and never to management aside from administrative applications. As explained usually in the Experienced literature for your practice of internal auditing (which include Inside Auditor, the journal of the IIA) -,[14] or other very similar and usually acknowledged frameworks for management Management when assessing an entity's governance and Handle methods; and apply COSO's "Enterprise Risk Management-Built-in Framework" or other identical and generally acknowledged frameworks for entity-vast risk management when analyzing a corporation's entity-wide hazard management procedures. Expert interior auditors also use Command self-assessment (CSA) as an efficient process for accomplishing their do the job.
Perhaps considered one of the most important features of audit management is identifying and lessening regions of non-compliance in your Corporation. Corporations want to be certain they have comprehensive visibility and Command more than the auditing course of action, and can streamline the complete process of scheduling, assigning, executing and reporting on audit results.
Governing administration Auditors critique the finances and techniques of federal companies. These auditors report their finds to congress, which utilizes them to make and regulate procedures and budgets.
Nimonik would make a very best exertion try and supply timely and correct info in the internet site. Regardless, you concur that Nimonik won't be accountable for any faults or omissions of any nature inside the material or utilization of the website.
Accordingly, the info and information contained herein is for informational purposes only. No man or woman need to discover this act or rely upon the knowledge in the positioning without seeking Qualified lawful session.
This subcategory allows you to audit occasions created by improvements to Computer system accounts for instance when a computer account is established, transformed, or deleted.
A very important perform of EtQ’s Audit Manage Alternative is the opportunity to Merge audit checklists and eradicate inefficiencies within the auditing procedure. As part of The read here brand new ISO revisions and Annex SL While using the ISO 9001:2015 normal, it has become probable to mix specifications and procedures into an individual auditing program.
An item, approach, or system audit can have findings that demand correction and corrective motion. Given that most corrective steps can not be performed at time of your audit, the audit plan manager may demand a observe-up audit to validate that corrections had been designed and corrective steps were being taken. As a result click here for info of superior cost of an individual-intent adhere to-up audit, it is Generally coupled with the next scheduled audit of the world.
There are also new forms of built-in auditing getting to be accessible that use unified compliance substance (begin to see the unified compliance section in Regulatory compliance). Due to growing variety of rules and want for operational transparency, corporations are adopting threat-dependent audits that can include multiple rules and specifications from one audit party.
The operational audit goes further than The interior controls troubles because management won't achieve its targets basically by compliance of satisfactory system of internal controls. Operational audits include any matters which may be commercially unsound.
In data or communications safety, information and facts audit usually means a chronological report of system functions to permit the reconstruction and examination from the sequence of events and/or adjustments within an occasion.
Yesterday is History. Tomorrow is a Mystery. Today is the Gift, that's why it's called the PRESENT. (Alice Morse Earle)
View from the top. Senior management sets the tone for any organization’s commitment to data security. That’s why drafting, coordinating, and implementing your company’s response plan isn’t a job for a newcomer. Designate a well-respected senior official to head up your response team. Select someone with a reputation for working well with every part of your operation — sales, financial, personnel, information technology, etc. — and give him or her a “hot line” to the head of the company.
Put a plan in place. Once you’ve put together your response team, have them draft contingency plans for how your business will respond to different kinds of security incidents. Some threats may come out of left field; others — a lost laptop or a hack attack, to name just two — are unfortunate, but foreseeable.
Trust your gut. Experience sharpens intuition. If your staff suspects a breach, investigate it immediately. Waiting days to convene a committee or “run it up the corporate flagpole” can waste precious time.
Pull the plug. If you suspect a computer breach, immediately sever the compromised computer’s access to the Internet and to your network. To assess the impact, ask your IT staff to preserve any available network logs, file transfer logs, system logs, and access reports. Investigate if intruders opened files or placed new programs on your computer. Did they release viruses or other malware? By diagnosing the damage and retracing the fraudsters’ steps, you can help your company shore up unanticipated vulnerabilities.
Making contact. Consider whom to inform in the event of an incident, both inside and outside your company. You may need to notify consumers, law enforcement agencies, customers, credit bureaus, and other businesses that may be affected by the breach. In addition, about 40 states have laws addressing data breaches. Have that information on file before you need it.
Cloud Computing, Email and Spam, Enterprise Computing, Ethics, Featured, Managed Services, Security, Small Business
Contingency Plans, Data Security, Federal Trade Commission, Hack Attack, Intruders, Network Logs, Response Plan, Response Team, Security Breach, Security Incidents, Security Response, System Logs, Transfer Logs
Breaching the Bastille: When Security Vendors Get Hacked — The recent rash of exposures about successful attacks against information security vendors may come as no surprise to a lot of people in the information security world who probably see or hear about it frequently, but it will surely come as “shocking” to most “ordinary” folks. HBGary, RSA, Comodo and Barracuda Networks are the latest [...]
Identity Theft Law: What Health Care Providers Need to Know — Original article by Steven Toporoff As many as nine million Americans have their identities stolen each year. The crime takes many forms. But when identity theft involves health care, the consequences can be particularly severe. Medical identity theft happens when a person seeks health care using someone else’s name or insurance information. A survey conducted [...]
Take Stock: Conducting a Data Security Audit in Your Office — It may mean one thing on TV, but to savvy business executives, “CSI” should stand for Carefully Secure Information. Every company has an obligation to its customers, affiliates, and employees to safeguard sensitive data. One step of the process is to “Take Stock” — conduct a CSI-style “forensic audit” of your information [...]
The Lowdown on Laptops: Data Security for the Road Warrior — Scan the lobby at any office building and you’ll see them: Busy executives scrolling through messages on their PDAs, flipping through stacks of client files, and carrying on animated conversations with colleagues via cell phone. No one appreciates the convenience of today’s virtual office more than the globetrotting Road Warrior. But are you maintaining the [...]
Copyright © Tech Prognosis. All rights reserved | 1000 Heritage Center Circle, Round Rock, TX 78664 | Privacy Policy and TOS | UI by Theme4Press
By Puskar On May 23, 2018 May 23, 2018 In Sustainability Tagged Elrhino paper, Rhinos, Sustainable paper Leave a comment
As the world becomes more aware of the needs of sustainable development and the importance of environmentally-friendly practices, people are not shying away from trying out new ideas. Take for example, Elrhino, a company which is manufacturing paper from animal waste. The company uses the expertise of people living near the natural habitat of elephants and rhinoceros in Assam to manufacture the environmentally-friendly paper. The indigenous people roam around forests to collect elephant and rhinoceros dung along with other raw materials like grass, leaves and natural fibre.
The company was established by Nisha Bora and her father Mahesh, a retired mining engineer. In an interview to a news website, Nisha said that they conceived the idea Elrhino by accident. Mahesh had read about farmers in Rajasthan manufacturing paper from elephant waste. What struck him was that if farmers in Rajasthan—where elephants were scarce— could manufacture paper from animal waste, then the model could also be implemented in Assam, which was home to many elephants. Mahesh visited the farmers in Rajasthan to learn the process and months later he set up a unit with a small workforce to manufacture paper using elephant and rhinoceros dung. Two years later, Nisha left her corporate job as a qualitative researcher to join her father, who is also an environmental activist, at Elrhino.
The company also contributes in bringing down deforestation and save energy by combing dung, natural resources, and forest products to make paper. The raw materials used by the company range from hyacinths, local ahimsa silk, pineapple bark, ferns, betel nuts and tea leaves. When compared to a process of manufacturing paper using virgin wood, Elrhino’s process consumes 44% less energy, 41% less particulate emissions, 50% less waste, 100% less wood, and 38% lesser greenhouse gases. The company also aims to preserve the endangered animals and provide employment opportunities to indigenous locals. With the product line, the firm tries to balance the needs of the environment and the well being of the endangered animals with those of the locals, thereby reducing human-animal conflicts.
The process of manufacturing paper from animal waste comprises many steps. In the first step, Elrhino prepares raw material by using cotton hosiery rags cut into several pieces of 1 cm. The next step is to sanitize animal waste collected by the locals. The waste is cleaned of unnecessary waste and fecal matter. The waste is sterilized using high-pressure water, sans chemicals. Following the sanitization of the dung, the employees boil natural fiber like the bark of trees in caustic soda for over four hours. The strength of the fiber is responsible for the strength of the paper, which is why Elrhino uses raw materials like pineapple bark. The fiber is dried and banana plants, cut into small pieces, are also dried after being dried in caustic soda. In one go, the process yields around 350kg of treated animal waste and 80kg of fiber.
The second stage is called pulping, wherein the first step is to pulp the dried fiber and cotton hosiery bags in a Hollander Beater. In the process, the employees also add prepared dung and water.
The third and final step is referred to as a paper process. At this stage, the paper sheets are formed using molds and are then lifted manually with a fixed deckle and a mesh net. The stack of sheets is then dried in a hydraulic press and the water squeezed out. The sheets are then finally hung out in the sun to dry and calendared and cut into appropriate sizes. What you get in the end are sheets of Ph-neutral, odor-free, artisanal and waste-free paper.
The paper manufactured by Elrhino is completely blot-free and can be used for almost anything. Moreover, one can even order paper sheets in different colors.
Coming to the employees, most of them are indigenous people sharing their homes with the rhinoceros and elephants found in the hinterland of Assam and have limited access to the cash economy. A small number of them own agricultural land, on which they grow some crops. However, these lands are only useful for some months because they are washed away by the annual floods- which wreak havoc in Assam every year. The workforce comprises 15 full-time employees and augments the income of more than 75 individuals in the area. One can easily buy Elrhino products from their official website and their range notebooks, playing cards, shopping bags and table lamps. Elrhino is also contributing to a charitable cause as that it gives away 5% of the proceeds from every item sold to an NGO involved in the conservation of the environment.
4) Don't expect to buy high quality Green Coffee products in Milverton ON for less than $50. If that could put you into an uncomfortable situation financially you should definitely look for another weight loss supplement.
Pure Green Coffee Supplements are the most ideal weight loss supplement in the current Milverton Ontario market.
The green coffee max supplements that are sold to Milverton Ontario customers are made from natural extract. The most effective product in the coffee beans is the naturally occurring Chlorogenic acid that works by slowing down the absorption of fat by the body after meals, or by triggering the body metabolism that metabolizes any extra fat consumed. Through its operations, there is minimal fat stored in the body.
Chlorogenic acid found in Green Coffee Bean Max sold to our Milverton Ontario customers, stimulates the body's insulin production. Insulin reduces the blood sugar levels by pulling glucose into the cells using it for energy production hence increasing the body metabolism and energy levels. Chlorogenic acid curbs carbohydrate absorption in the body.
Apart from being an efficient Milverton ON weight loss supplement, this green coffee supplement also helps in cleansing the blood, lowering cravings, speeding up body metabolism and regulating the blood sugar. The effectiveness of the coffee beans is determined by the concentration and purity of Chlorogenic acid and the quantity of the green coffee supplement taken. Therefore, the green coffee supplement should be taken as directed in order to increase the quality of the weight loss results. Chlorogenic acid is present in this product in high concentrations hence the green coffee we sell in Milverton ON are more than effective for weight loss.
Green coffee beans protect Milverton users from several health diseases associated with blood sugar and cancer related illnesses hence it is highly recommended, but caution should be taken by the user to only purchase Quality green coffee Products in Milverton ON from reputable manufacturers.
Green coffee supplements are now one of the hottest weight loss supplements in Milverton Ontario and all across Canada today. This amazing product has been featured in various TV shows and fitness magazines not only in Milverton ON but all over the world. Consequently, a lot of people in Ontario have reported to have experienced various great health benefits from using it. But is it really effective? That all depends on the QUALITY!
Sure, a lot of supplements have been popping up in the Ontario market and most of them cater to weight loss. The reason for that is a lot of people in Milverton ON want to lose weight but don't have enough time to go to the gym or get into a diet program. The sad thing is that a lot of the green coffee products found on local Milverton store shelves are low quality, mass produced made in China type products. Remember, you only get what you pay for. If your local Milverton health store is selling what appears to be the same type of product at a much reduced price, alarm bells should go off. How can you judge the effectiveness of coffee bean products by purchasing the lower end cheap stuff? If you want fast weightloss and the associated health benefits make sure you are buying high quality.
APPRISE, a health insurance counseling program for senior citizens (age 65 +) has a new coordinator. It is estimated that there are hundreds of people in Greene County who are paying for Medicare Part D when they don't have to. Individuals need to check the income eligibility guidelines each year and now extra help is being offered through Medicare's Low Income Subsidy that can save an average of $3900 a year for individuals who qualify. Call APPRISE staff at 888-300-2704 Ext. 4438
Ratings for Free Science Fiction Online, Free Fantasy Online, Free Horror Online and Free Other Stuff Online (see tabs) with links to download. Not free fiction is rated at Not Free SF Reader. For a combo of everything see Free SF Science Fiction MegaBlog
Science fiction, reading, fitness, rpgs, football, astronomy, paleontology, sport, birds, openminded people, fantasy, horror, music
"Where in the infinite layers of the Abyss have you been?" (Plus BX GM Screen PDF, plus Fifty Fiends, plus BXΨ GM Screen, plus free BXΨ stuff. Oh my!)
Glenn Snoddy, the inventor of the fuzz used by Keith Richards on (I Can't Get No)Satisfaction has died at 96.
Wii U with $1000 Visa e Gift Card Are you a fun filled gamer!! Here is an entirely new system that will change the way you experience entertainment. Wii U game pad bridges the gap between you, and the game…
While condos never had the kind of appreciation experienced by single-family homes in the go-go 1980s, most ultimately have not lost value, say some experts. And with high prices in many urban markets and more single home buyers in the market than ever before, the market for condos is strong.
As with any home purchase, you should do your homework about the neighborhood or development before you buy. In the case of condominiums, it is important to read the past six months of homeowners association minutes to see how effective the board is and to learn about any possibly detracting issues (such as protracted litigation with the developer).
The condominium community has worked hard in the last few years to overcome image problems brought on by disputes and lawsuits. Associations are becoming more sophisticated about property management and taking steps to prevent legal problems and disputes.
Condominiums have held their value as an investment despite economic downturns and problems with some associations. In fact, condos have appreciated more in the past few years than when they first came on the scene in the late 1970s and early 1980s, experts say.
While there are lots of reports about homeowners association disputes and construction-defect problems, the industry has worked hard to turn its image around. Elected volunteers who serve on association boards are better trained at handling complex budget and legal issues, for example, while many boards go to great lengths to avoid the kind of protracted and expensive litigation that has hurt resale value in the past.
Meanwhile, changing demographics are making condominiums more attractive investments for single home buyers, empty nesters and first-time buyers in expensive markets.
One-bedroom condominiums historically have not been considered as good an investment as condos with two bedrooms or more. But in high-cost markets, such as Manhattan or the San Francisco Bay Area, one-bedroom condos have proven to be equally good investments. Helping that along are changing demographic trends. With more single home buyers in the market today than at any time in history, there is more demand for one-bedroom condos.
A homeowners association's board of directors can restrict smoking if it applies to indoor common spaces such as hallways or recreation rooms. Outdoor spaces are a different story, say legal experts. Any restriction would probably hinge on local laws (i.e. if a city banned smoking outdoors, a homeowners association probably could restrict smoking in its outdoor spaces).
Typical covenants, codes and restrictions (CC&Rs), which govern condo associations, give the board authority to make and enforce reasonable rules for the use of common property. But that would not apply to interior spaces owned by smokers themselves. Resources:
* Various Internet sites specializing in common-interest developments, such as those operated by the Community Associations Institute and CIDNetworks.
The 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act does not require strictly residential apartments and single-family homes to be made accessible. But all new construction of public accommodations or commercial projects (such as a government building or a shopping mall) must be accessible. New multi-family construction also falls into this category.
In all states, the Federal Fair Housing Act provides protection against discrimination for people with physical or mental disabilities. Discrimination includes the refusal to make reasonable modifications to buildings that aren't accessible to the disabled.
Two educational brochures, "Housing Rights" and "Discrimination is Against the Law," are available through the Department of Fair Employment and Housing by calling (916) 227-0551. California residents can dial toll free (800) 884-1684. dfeh.ca.gov
Learn everything you can about the homeowners association before you buy into a development governed by one. The association's financial, political and legal conditions are very important to your investment and quality of life.
When run properly, homeowners associations maintain the common grounds and keep civility in the complex. If you follow the rules, the association should not intrude on your privacy or cost you too much in association dues.
Poorly managed associations can drag down property values and make living there difficult for residents. Start by studying the association’s covenants, codes and restrictions, or CC&Rs, and find out if you can live by them. For example, if the rules prohibit loud music after a certain hour and you like to play your CDs late at night, this may not be the place for you. Don't move in thinking you can get away with violating the rules or change them later because you may find yourself in turmoil with determined neighbors firmly in control of the association board.
Find out all you can about the association's finances. Beyond reviewing the budget, talk to the association treasurer and find out if dues are expected to increase and if any special assessments are planned. Ask if special inspections have revealed problems with roofs or plumbing that may cause a dues hike or special assessment later on.
Call and meet with the association president. If you are the type of person who despises intrusions into your private life and the president seems more interested in gossip about the residents than maintaining the property, this may not be the right condo complex for you.
Speak with residents to get their views on the association's finances, its property manager, how it operates and any politics. Associations are volunteer organizations with elected boards, like a mini-government, so politics can enter the picture and spoil a good thing.
If you are buying a rental income property and applying for a loan to do so, the lender will require an area rent survey by a certified appraiser. The amount a landlord can expect to receive in monthly rent largely depends on what the property has rented for in the past, the condition of the building, its location and the current housing market.
Lenders also look at other cash-flow considerations. They want to know if you have enough reserves on hand to cover predictable and unforeseen expenses, such as property insurance, taxes, regular maintenance and repairs.
Using appreciation as a measure, condominiums in some areas have been as profitable an investment as single-family homes in the past five years. And in some markets, condos appreciated even more, according to some experts.
While single-family homes have been the preferred investment by home buyers, changing demographics are helping make condos more popular, especially among single home buyers, empty nesters and first-time buyers in high-priced markets.
Also, the condominium community has worked hard in the last few years to overcome image problems brought on by homeowners association and developer disputes as well as all too frequent construction-defect litigation.
You can buy a vacation home today for investment purposes as well as enjoyment. And yes, there are tax benefits.
Some people buy a vacation home to use as a permanent retirement home later, which allows them to get ahead on their payments. Another benefit is that the interest and property taxes on a vacation home are tax-deductible.
Some real estate experts predict that vacation homes will appreciate in value due to rising demand from the aging Baby Boom generation. You also can depreciate the property if you live in the house fewer than 14 days a year, or 10 percent of the number of rented days - whichever is greater.
You also need to consider whether you can afford to carry two mortgages, pay for the extra utilities and maintenance costs, and how this investment fits into your total personal finance picture.
Most real estate experts say there is no such thing as getting rich quick in real estate. But there's no end to get-rich-quick programs presented to the public as alternative methods of buying real estate.
Some are reputable while others depend on your financial circumstances to work. A handful are simply scams.
Many get-rich-on-real-estate programs offer advice on how to buy government foreclosure properties and participate in other government programs. Most of this information can be obtained by calling the government offices involved directly.
Anyone interested in real estate investments would be wise to explore a variety of sources. Most investors view real estate as a long-term investment. Deals that sound too good to be true often are.
It depends. Distressed properties or fixer-uppers can be found anywhere, even in wealthier neighborhoods. Such properties are poorly maintained and have a lower market value than other houses in the neighborhood.
Many experts recommend that before you make such an investment, first find the least desirable house in the best neighborhood. Then do the math to see if what it would cost to bring up the value of that property to its full potential market value is within your budget. If you are a novice buyer, it may be wiser to look for properties that only need cosmetic fixes rather than run-down houses that need major structural repairs.
Qualified rehabilitated buildings and certified historic structures currently enjoy a 20 percent investment tax credit for qualified rehabilitation expenses. A historic structure is one listed in the National Register of Historic Places or so designated by an appropriate state or local historic district also certified by the government.
The tax code does not allow deductions for the demolition or significant alternation of a historic structure.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Section 203 (K) rehabilitation loan program is designed to facilitate major structural rehabilitation of houses with one to four units that are more than one year old. Condominiums are not eligible.
The 203(K) loan is usually done as a combination loan to purchase a fixer-upper property "as is" and rehabilitate it, or to refinance a temporary loan to buy the property and do the rehabilitation. It can also be done as a rehabilitation-only loan.
Plans and specifications for the proposed work must be submitted for architectural review and cost estimation. Mortgage proceeds are advanced periodically during the rehabilitation period to finance the construction costs.
If you are a veteran, loans from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs also can be used to buy a home, build a home, improve a home or to refinance an existing loan. VA loans frequently offer lower interest rates than ordinarily available with other kinds of loans. To qualify for a loan, the first step is to apply for a Certificate of Eligibility.
* "Rehab a Home With HUD's 203(K)" brochure, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Washington, D.C.; brochure online.
Building codes are established by local authorities to set out minimum public-safety standards for building design, construction, quality, use and occupancy, location and maintenance. There are specialized codes for plumbing, electrical and fire, which usually involve separate inspections and inspectors.
All buildings must be issued a building permit and a certificate of occupancy before it can be used. During construction, housing inspectors must make checks at key points. Codes are usually enforced by denying permits, occupancy certificates and by imposing fines.
Building codes also cover most remodeling projects. If you are buying a house that has been significantly remodeled, ask for proof of the permits involved before you purchase to avoid future liability for fines.
If you're getting ready to embark on a home improvement project involving contracting help, "Ready, Set, Build: A Consumer's Guide to Home Improvement Planning Contracts" lays out a road map for selecting the right contractor, obtaining competitive bids up to what to include in a contract. There also is information on consumer rights, liens and financing.
The book is available for $9.95 through Consumer Press and Women's Publications, Inc., 13326 Southwest 28th St., Fort Lauderdale, FL 33330-1102; (954) 370-9153, bookguest@aol.com.
Remodeling magazine produces an annual "Cost vs. Value Report'' that answers just that question. The most important point to remember is that remodeling a home not only improves its livability for you but its curb appeal with a potential buyer down the road.
Most recently, the highest remodeling paybacks have come from updating kitchens and baths, home-office additions and extra amenities in older homes. While home offices are a relatively new remodeling trend, for example, you could expect to recoup 58 percent of the cost of adding a home office, according to the survey.
You can find distressed properties or fixer-uppers in most communities, even wealthier neighborhoods. A distressed property is one that has been poorly maintained and has a lower market value than other houses in the immediate area.
Ascertaining whether the property you're interested in is a wise investment takes some work. You need to figure what the average house in a given area sells for, as well as what the most desirable houses in that area are like and what they cost.
Some experts suggest that buyers who take this route try to find a "cosmetic fixer" that can be completely refurbished with paint, wallpaper, new floor and window coverings, landscaping and new appliances. You should avoid run-down houses that need major structural repairs. A house price that looks too good to be true probably is. A smart buyer will find out why before buying it.
The basic strategy for a fixer is to find the least desirable house in the most desirable neighborhood, and then decide if the expenses needed to bring the value of that property up to its full potential market value are within one's rehab budget.
A foreclosure property is a home that has been repossessed by the lender because the owners failed to pay the mortgage. Thousands of homes end up in foreclosure every year. Economic conditions affect the number of foreclosures, too. Many people lose their homes due to job loss, credit problems or unexpected expenses.
It is wise to be cautious when considering a foreclosure. Many experts, in fact, advise inexperienced buyers to hire an expert to take them through the process. It is important to have the house thoroughly inspected and to be sure that any liens, undisclosed mortgages or court judgements are cleared or at least disclosed.
If you are strapped for cash and looking for a bargain, you may be able to buy a foreclosure property acquired by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for as little as $100 down.
With HUD foreclosures, down payments vary depending on whether the property is eligible for FHA insurance. If not, payments range from 5 to 20 percent. But when the property is FHA-insured, the down payment can go much lower.
Each offer must be accompanied by an "earnest money" deposit equal to 5 percent of the bid price, not to exceed $2,000 but not less than $500.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs also offers foreclosure properties which can be purchased directly from the VA often well below market value and with a down payment amount as low as 2 percent for owner-occupants. Investors may be required to pay up to 10 percent of the purchase price as a down payment. This is because the VA guarantees home loans and often ends up owning the property if the veteran defaults.
If you are interested in purchasing a VA foreclosure, call (800) 827-1000 or visit foreclosurefreesearch.com for a current listing. About 100 new properties are listed every two weeks.
You should be aware that foreclosure properties are sold "as is," meaning limited repairs have been made but no structural or mechanical warranties are implied.
You can only purchase a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development property through a licensed real estate broker. HUD will pay the broker's commission up to 6 percent of the sales price.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development acquires properties from lenders who foreclose on mortgages insured by HUD. These properties are available for sale to both homeowner-occupants and investors.
You can only purchase HUD-owned properties through a licensed real estate broker. HUD will pay the broker's commission up to 6 percent of the sales price.
Down payments vary depending on whether the property is eligible for FHA insurance. If not, payments range from the conventional market's 5 to 20 percent.
One caution. HUD homes are sold "as is," meaning limited repairs have been made made but no structural or mechanical warranties are implied.
One reason there are few bidders at foreclosure sales is that it is next to impossible to get financing for such a property. You generally need to show up with cash and lots of it, or a line of credit with your bank upon which you can draw cashier's checks.
Foreclosure proceedings usually begin after a borrower has skipped three mortgage payments. The lender will record a notice of default against the property. Unless the debt is satisfied, the lender will foreclose on the mortgage and proceed to set up a trustee sale.
Trustee sales are advertised in advance and require an all-cash bid. The sale is usually conducted by a sheriff, a constable or lawyer acting as trustee. This kind of sale, which usually attracts savvy investors, is not for the novice.
In a trustee sale, the lender who holds the first loan on the property starts the bidding at the amount of the loan being foreclosed. Successful bidders receive a trustee's deed.
Judicial foreclosure action is a proceeding in which a mortgagee, a trustee or another lienholder on property requests a court-supervised sale of the property to cover the unpaid balance of a delinquent debt.
Nonjudicial foreclosure is the process of selling real property under a power of sale in a mortgage or deed of trust that is in default. In such a foreclosure, however, the lender is unable to obtain a deficiency judgment, which makes some title insurance companies reluctant to issue a policy.
You can only buy HUD-owned properties through a licensed real estate broker, whose commission will be paid by HUD.
Down payments vary depending on whether the property is eligible for FHA insurance. If not, payments range 5 to 20 percent. When the property is FHA-insured, the down payment can go much lower. Each accepted offer must be accompanied by an "earnest money" deposit equal to 5 percent of the bid price not to exceed $2,000, but not less than $500.
You should be aware that HUD homes are sold "as is," meaning limited repairs have been made but no structural or mechanical warranties are implied.
In most states, a foreclosure notice must be published in the legal notices section of a local newspaper where the property is located or in the nearest city. Also, foreclosure notices are usually posted on the property itself and somewhere in the city where the sale is to take place.
When a homeowner is late on three payments, the bank will record a notice of default against the property. When the owner fails to pay up, a trustee sale is held, and the property is sold to the highest bidder. The financial institution that has initiated foreclosure proceedings usually will set the bid price at the loan amount.
Despite these seemingly straightforward rules, buying foreclosures is not easy as it may sound. Sophisticated investors use the technique so novices may find themselves among stiff competition.
* "The Smart Money Guide to Bargain Homes, How to Find and Buy Foreclosures," James I. Wiedemer, Dearborn Financial Publishing, Chicago; 1994.
While a typical buyer may look at five to 10 homes before making an offer, an investor who makes bargain buys usually goes through many more. Most experts agree it takes a lot of determination to find a real "bargain." There are a number of ways to buy a bargain property:
*Buy a fixer-upper in a transitional neighborhood, improve it and keep it or resell at a higher price.
* Buy a partial interest in a piece of real estate, such as part of a tenants-in-common partnership.
The biggest factor outside of a homeowner’s control is market conditions. But other issues -- including the condition of the property, specific home improvements and neighborhood stability and safety -- can influence property values.
The greatest rise in home prices occurs when the economy is strong and the number of home sales is increasing. Though markets vary, that has occurred several times in recent history -- including the early 1970s, late 1980s and late 1990s.
Specific home improvements can increase the value above the cost of the improvements. According to Remodeling magazine, which publishes an annual "Cost vs. Value" remodeling report, a remodeled bathroom returns 81 percent to the owner, a bathroom addition, 89 percent and a master bedroom suite, 82 percent. Remember, quality pays. Well-planned and well-executed remodeling jobs are a good investment while bad work seldom enhances value or livability.
The safety and security of a neighborhood can affect property values, too. If you live in a high-crime area, an organized community watch program not only will lower the crime rate but give home values a boost, too.
Buyers considering a foreclosure property should obtain as much information as possible from the lender, including the range of bids expected.
It also is important to examine the property. If you are unable to get into a foreclosure property, check with surrounding neighbors about the property's condition.
It also is possible to do your own cost comparison through researching comparable properties recorded at local county recorder's and assessor's offices, or through Internet sites specializing in property records.
The biggest factor that can affect property value -- market conditions -- are outside of your control. But other factors -- including the condition of the property, certain home improvements and neighborhood stability and safety -- are not.
For example, specific home improvements can increase your property value above the cost of the improvements themselves, such as remodeling a kitchen, adding a bathroom, finishing a basement or upgrading landscaping. Just be sure that quality pays with remodeling. A bad remodeling job will do little to boost your property value.
If you live in a high-crime area, an organized community watch program not only will lower the crime rate but can enhance property values, too. It also helps to live in an area where other homeowners are upgrading their homes, which can help pull up your property value, too.
The bottom line is to measure the cost of any improvements you want to make against the overall values in your neighborhood. If you overimprove for the neighborhood, you may not necessarily recover your costs or boost your property value significantly.
A comparative market analysis and an appraisal are the standard methods for determining a home's value.
Your real estate agent will be happy to provide a comparative market analysis, an informal estimate of value based on comparable sales in the neighborhood. Be sure you get listing prices of current homes on the market as well as those that have sold. You also can research this yourself by checking on recent sales in public records. Be sure that you are researching properties that are similar in size, construction and location. This information is not only available at your local recorder's or assessor's office but also through private companies and on the Internet.
An appraisal, which generally costs $200 to $300 to perform, is a certified appraiser's opinion of the value of a home at any given time. Appraisers review numerous factors including recent comparable sales, location, square footage and construction quality.
The appraised value of a house is a certified appraiser's opinion of the worth of a home at a given point in time. Lenders require appraisals as part of the loan application process; fees range from $200 to $300.
Market value is what price the house will bring at a given point in time. A comparative market analysis is an informal estimate of market value, based on sales of comparable properties, performed by a real estate agent or broker. Either an appraisal or a comparative market analysis is the most accurate way to determine what your home is worth.
The Internal Revenue Service publishes a number of real estate publications. They are listed by number:
Property taxes on all real estate, including those levied by state and local governments and school districts, are fully deductible against current income taxes.
Mortgage interest and property taxes are deductible on a second home if you itemize. Check with your accountant or tax adviser for specifics.
Property taxes are what most homeowners in the United States pay for the privilege of owning a piece of real estate, on average 1.5 percent of the property's current market value. These annual local assessments by county or local authorities help pay for public services and are calculated using a variety of formulas.
An appraisal is a professional estimate of a property's market value, based on recent sales of comparable properties, location, square footage and construction quality. This service varies in cost depending on the price of the home. On average, an appraisal costs about $300 for a $250,000 house.
A comparative market analysis is an informal estimate of market value performed by a real estate agent based on similar sales and property attributes. Most agents offer free analyses in the hopes of winning your business.
You also can get a comparable sales report for a fee from private companies that specialize in real estate data or find comparable sales information available on various real estate Internet sites.
Contact your local tax assessor's office to see what procedures to follow to appeal your property tax assessment. You may be able to appeal your assessment informally. Mostly likely, however, you will have to go through a formal tax-appeal processes, which begin with an appeal filed with the appropriate assessment appeals board.
All drivers are provide and hosted on HP Coporation. The HP Notebook Drivers only provide to you the fastest way to collection and download all drivers.
So if you have any problems with drivers or softwares please contact us. If you have any relation questions for hardware, please contact the HP Support. Thank you!
Print a New Coupon to save Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chips Meal for 2 for $9.99 through February 25, 2018.
MySavings.com is not directly affiliated with the manufacturer(s), brand(s), company(s) or retailer(s) of the products listed on this web site, and in no way claim to represent or own their trademarks, logos, marketing materials, or products. removal request form | disclosure
While MySavings.com makes every effort to post correct information, offers are subject to change without notice. Some exclusions may apply based upon merchant policies.
PARIS (Reuters) - If there’s one industry Emmanuel Macron has sought to tie his political fortunes to since storming to victory in France’s presidential election last May, it’s technology.
Roxanne Varza, director of "Station F", a mega-campus for startups located inside a former freight railway depot, poses for a photograph in Paris, France, March 28, 2018. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Barely a month after he entered the Elysee Palace, the world’s largest start-up incubator opened its doors on the other side of Paris, bringing hi-tech buzz to the French capital.
Station F, created by telecoms billionaire Xavier Niel, an ally of the president, had long been in the works. But the timing of its opening — and the fact Macron attended it — has created a connection between the two.
So after a year in office, has Macron, a 40-year-old former investment banker and self-confessed tech champion, managed to breathe new life into French entrepreneurship?
Roxanne Varza, a 33-year-old Iranian-American whom Niel put in charge of Station F, is quick to emphasize that France’s start-up scene didn’t begin with Macron. But she acknowledges that the president’s youth, energy and enthusiasm have raised its profile, stimulating the flow of ideas and investment.
“It’s not something that changed from one day to the next as soon as he arrived,” said Varza, a fluent French speaker and former start-up adviser at Microsoft France.
“(But) we’ve definitely seen a lot of international funds, international entrepreneurs, starting to get more interested in coming to or coming back to France to create their business,” since he took office, she told Reuters.
“We’ve really seen him send a pro-business message, and a lot of investors have taken hold of that.”
Since its opening last June, Station F, occupying a vast train depot in the edgy southeast of Paris, has taken in around 2,000 start-ups, with entrepreneurs from the United States, Britain, China and India, alongside France.
As well as providing an environment for ideas to percolate and grow, the incubator houses venture capital, private equity and other early-stage investors, and makes room for corporate partners such as Facebook and Microsoft, too.
The aim — ambitious as it may sound — is to have 10,000 start-ups pass through Station F in the first five years, with the hope that the next Uber or Spotify will be among them.
Since coming to office, Macron has talked about wanting France to be a world leader in artificial intelligence and ‘deep-tech’, and several of the world’s biggest tech firms have announced plans to invest with that goal in mind.
When foreign leaders, business tycoons or dignitaries visit, one of their first stops is usually at Station F.
The incubator keeps its focus broad — start-ups can be in AI, gaming, the environment, medical or any sector. The key, says Varza, is to create an ‘ecosystem’ of ideas and the funds to back them, from gestation through later-stage development.
One of the first policy initiatives Macron undertook was to make it easier for companies to fire and hire. Now he’s promising to cut corporate tax rates and abolish an ‘exit tax’ levied on entrepreneurs who take assets out of France.
“He’s been able to really communicate a message that there’s a lot going on here, there’s a lot of opportunity, and the government wants to help and make things easier,” said Varza.
France still lags Britain and Germany when it comes to how much money its start-ups raise, and the three combined are a fraction of the United States. But Station F, and Macron, are hoping incremental change will pay off over time.
“When you come to Paris, you see the Louvre, you see the Eiffel Tower and now you see Station F,” said Varza. “It’s great for our start-ups to have that sort of exposure.”
WARSAW, May 11 (Reuters) - Poland’s KGHM, one of the world’s biggest copper producers, released a strategy update on Thursday for 2017-2021, with an outlook to 2040.
* KGHM said it targets EBITDA or earnings before interests, taxes, depreciation and amortization of 7 billion zlotys ($1.8 billion) in 2021 as well as an EBITDA margin of over 20 percent in 2017-2021.
* On its most troubled foreign asset, the Chilean Sierra Gorda mine, KGHM said it plans to remove bottlenecks and increase production capacity to an average of annual level of around 70,000 tonnes of mined copper. It has a 55 percent share in the project.
Totally new possibilities for product design are now available for Touratech’s developers thanks to the forming technology of hydroforming. The pilot system at Murnau already produces new parts with pioneering properties.
Victor Events is the only DJ voted by RI brides Best of Weddings 5 years in a row, featured in Southern New England Weddings Magazine, Southern New England Destination Weddings Magazine, Bliss Celebrations, and several of our clients have been recently featured in other publications such as LaBella Bride and Grace Ormonde's Wedding Style.
"Not only does he do an amazing job with the music (We worked really well together making sure all musical tastes were accommodated"), Victor Events helps pull your whole event together. He worked with all of our vendors and set up a timing schedule so everything went smoothly!"
"We want to thank you for making our reception everything we hoped it would be and MORE! All of our guests commented on how excellent you were and how much fun they had! Your professionalism, sincerity, and attention to detail meant so much to us, ... We have and will continue to recommend your company with great pleasure and confidence"
"We just wanted to express our sincere gratitude for the fantastic job you did at our wedding reception! Your caring professionalism and great personality made our reception all that we wanted it to be! We received numerous compliments that our wedding was the best they've ever been to and we owe a great deal of that to you!"
"We just wanted to take a minute before we head to Ireland for the honeymoon to thank you for such an amazing job. Our reception was awesome. The (edited: special touch) was unbelievable. I love how you (edited: special touch). Thanks so much for everything. You were one of the important factors in making our day amazing."
I just wanted to thank you again for the video, oh my god it came out AWESOME!!! WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!! Your work is amazing! Thanks again for everything! We’ll see you in a few weeks at my friend Pamela's wedding!
"Victor far exceeds any expectation you can have. He does a wonderful job of making your day special and memorable. It's almost been a year since our wedding and people are still talking about what a great time they had. Thank you again Victor for everything!"
Looking to buy a new pedders fast rack or equivalent (not sure if there is one) for my 06 GTO pm me with what you have!
ummm, idk, i really dont pay attention, i just do wut feels good at the time, , but i can get aroused and stay hard no problem, i just cant cum for about 8-10 mins of arousal, i know the normal resting time in between ejaculations is around 20 min, so i think i got sumthin goin, lol
i agree, im a guy and i think its gross, i always flush, ill drop kick the mutha fucka to flush it if i have to
i know that if u cum and can stay hard and come again within a cuple minutes, that means your multi orgasmic, i have never tried to see if can do this until a tonight and after i came, i was still hard,but i cant come a 2nd time for like 10 min, does this mean i can be multi orgasmic with practice or sumthin, or i fall a bit too short?
thanx but the problem is, we live in diff states, she is coming to visit for x-mas, maybe for a week, and i dont think we will be doin it during the first cuple of days, so time is limited, it will suck if it dont work out the first time and we have to leave off like that
hey guys, when i was born my tesis didnt descend into my scrotum by themselves, ive had 2 surgery when i was about 7 and 8, and now im 15, i have had my testis checked once every year by a doctor until i was 14 or so.
i had just read a post about checking yourself for testicular cancer and it sed to hold ur testis between your thumb and index finger, when i do that, ANY pressure AT ALL on my testis HURTS like sum1 puched them.
i doubt all guys have this sensitivity, since i had surgery on them, i dont know if the doc fucked me up
it sounds to me like a 6-6.5" dick is perfect for the maximum effect with a full thrust and no pain, i love my dick now!!! lol
I’ve had my pug for over 4 years. I love him to death. He sleeps with us every night (actually, we joke that he sleeps with us since he’s a bed hog).
I have a 13 year old cat who is the Queen of the house and 2 guinea pigs who are also my classroom pets. I would like to get a corgi in the near future but as of right now... the cat despises dogs.
We have five shih tzus. I had always had big dogs (German Shepherd, Akita, Lab/Pit Mix, Husky), but DH had the shih tzus. They're winning me over to small dogs. They have such different personalities. Four of the five sleep with us every night. One prefers to sleep on the sofa most nights.
We also have fish. Outside we have goldfish. Inside we have a convict ciclid. He would have a tankmate, but he eats them all.
My friends call me a crazy cat lady. I'm in my early 30s and I have more cats than I care to admit to having!
I'm not exactly sure how old they all are. Lily and Lexie are from the same litter, and they are the oldest. I'd say they're around 10-11. Gracie is next oldest, then Lacey, and then Jasmine, who is around 5-6. Lacey & Jasmine have the same parents, but are from different litters. All five have the same dad.
My daughter (now 24) wanted a dog from the time she could talk. Her father always said no, even though he is a dog lover. Last August, with him out of the picture, I relented and she brought Max home from a local animal rescue/sanctuary. It's been a big learning curve, but he's family now and we love him to death. I've never seen my girl so happy.
Two cats and a dog here! The cats are both domestic short-hair - one a tortie, the other a tuxedo. The dog is a black lab. All like to be near us most of the time, especially the dog. Both cats usually sleep in the bed, and the dog is usually right next to the bed on the floor.
We have three fur babies. We've had our dog, Melody, two years next month. She is a redbone coon hound mix. She's excitable and very loving, and drives me insane! We've had the kitty in my avatar pic for a year and a half. Her name is Rowena, and she's my first cat. I've always wanted a cat, and it took me 20 years to convince my husband! She's a temperamental brat who has given me many new scars, but I love her. My husband calls her a nasty beast and says she puts the 'tude in tortitude. LOL We also have another cat that we got for one of my sons as a kitten. Her name is Luna, and we've had her a year and two days. She's the most adorable ball of fluff that makes us all either laugh or say awww. We often call her Grumblebutt because when you hold her and try to cuddle, she growls and complains the whole time. It's the most hilarious thing!
They are all shelter pets and less than 5 years old. Prior to adopting our dog, we'd had a beautiful catahoula leopard dog named Noelle for nearly 12 years. We adopted her from a shelter at Christmas time, hence her name. She died two years ago, and we adopted Melody two months later.
We are on a wait list for Bernese Mountain dog pups; we have had four in the past and they are the best!
When my youngest was six, the two dogs we had weren’t enough, so we got her a frog and it is still alive. Our daughter is now 28.
Most of our fur babies are getting on in years. We have a poodle/terrier almost 15 years old. Two of our cats were born on March 6, 2004. One more cat is about 13 years old. My daughter lives with us and she has 2 cats, one 12 years old and one about 7 years old. Our youngest fur baby is about 2 years old.
We are beginning the conversation about whether we want to get more babies as these go to pet heaven.
I have had a shih tzu for almost 2 years! He will be turning 2 soon. I love him with all my heart! Pets can be expensive but they are worth it for me!
I love cats. I only have one; I purposely chose one at the shelter that wanted to be an only pet because I knew that would keep me from being the crazy cat lady and ending up with tons of them! That strategy is short lived though; I was just telling my friend today that next time I'll probably get two because I feel so guilty when I go out of town and leave my cat by himself (I travel 4-5 weeks per year). I have a great pet sitter, but she only comes in for 30 minutes per day. My cat loves being around people and is very affectionate. He is by my side 100% of the time when I'm at home, and always sleeps with me.
Only one of my cats sleeps with me: it's my Burmese. My others wake up at odd hours throughout the night, so I won't let them sleep with me.
We have two dogs. Our poodle mix, Raisin, is three and our pit, Olive, is probably maybe two?! Raisin came from a litter that my husband’s aunt’s dog had. We saw the litter the day they were born and I just had to have him! He was the only all black pup, hence the name Raisin! Olive is a rescue from our local shelter. She was found with her two sisters and no one was interested in her. She was the biggest of the three and is now 50ish pounds (but a big ol baby). She has green eyes and I wanted to stick to the food theme, so Olive it was!
I have two cats. My 16-year-old female kitty sleeps around my neck - cozy during the winter, but not quite as nice on a hot summer night. My male cat (AKA the golden boy because of his perineal urethrostomy means he shoud be made of gold) sleeps near my feet. To get him to purr, you just need to say his name.
I have 2 German Shepherds, both rescued from shelters (the younger one from a kill shelter). Oso, the big one I've had for 5 years, and my estimation is that he's about 7-8 years old, the younger one, Zima we've had for 2.5 years and she's a little more than 3 years old.
Oso is my camping buddy, I camp in remote places, in the mountains far away from everyone and people think I'm either cray or very brave to do that. I don't think I'm, either, this dog makes e feel extremely safe and he looks out for me every minute.
Through various channels we concluded that he probably had some law enforcement training, he might have even flunked out of K9 academy lol (afraid of gunshots).
Once I was sighting in my rifle, laying on the ground, this dog jumped through the tiny crack of the window car (have no idea how he squeezed through), ran to me, circled around me twice then curled up next to me, protecting me. He probably thought I got shot.
It's interesting hat we don't know anything about the dogs we rescue. They don't come with a history, we barely know their age. Who knows, this dog could have been a bomb sniffing dog, or one that does search and rescue. Or a simple farm dog. But he was very well trained with very good manners and extremely protective but still friendly.
Zima has obviously been abused prior to us adopting her She still flinches (after almost 3 years), has very bad separation anxiety and is very jealous for attention, and territorial. She kinda overpowers the big dog (not physically), who just lets her have her way lol.
I have more cats than my husband wants (4) and one dog. They are all adopted from shelters or when they showed up at my home. My dog adores my hubs and goes to him for pets, but barks at him when he kisses me goodbye in the morning. If I kiss the hubs, he doesn’t bark. Three of my cats think they’re dogs and follow me around the house. One definitely has a cat personality!
Hi. I've discovered a fairly major problem for anyone trying to get first place on at least some levels.
For some reason, at least some of the top times are listed as MM.SS.0F (Minutes.Seconds.zeroFraction). Turns out that the zero has been inserted from nowhere. The first Fraction number should be the tenth of a second and the real hundredth of a second has been removed. But the leaderlist still records the record time as if the zero is accurate.
In fact, when those pics were taken, I suspect "tommy" had the actual world record with .16 seconds.
Current and personal record of 02.26.26 but a declared world record of 02.26.47. But it still ranks me as second because the website lists the world record as 02.26.04
I haven't really figured out what might be behind the problem but I did notice that your website was extremely slow and sometimes not working when I was working on "Frozen Clone Zone" and that extra zero appeared.
I looked into this issue. Yes, you found a bug, but it only affects the way the time is displayed but not how the final score is processed and ranking calculated. The website formats the time correctly, but the in-game display of time is wrong. Here's an explanation on how the time is formatted:
Wow. That is a very good catch. I agree completely. The game is dropping the first zero in the fraction of seconds.
I just carefully watched my playbacks and saw your explanation in action. The playback timer suffers the from same issue which also helped throw me off the trail. But I just watched a playback timer advance from XX:19.89 to XX:19.373
SQLite - C/C++ Wrapper ? Database Development forum to discuss the topics of designing, maintaining, and normalizing databases. If you have to store and retrieve data of any kind, this forum is for you.
SQLite is build in the C Programming Language so to interact with it in another programming language you do so using a wrapper to interface with the C API. The website seems to keep referring to the C/C++ API in some areas but the C API in others. There are plenty of wrappers out there for different programming languages and plenty written in C++. I'm unsure whether this is necessary. I want to build a database app in C++ and want to use SQLite as the d'base . Does this mean that I don't need a wrapper written in C++ to interface with the C API?
If I don't need a wrapper for C++ then do I need to compile the application (with reference to the C SQLite API) in a C++ compiler? I can't see how I could do this separately. As far as I can see I can't compile the C Library on its own as there would be no instructions for it to follow as they're all written in C++. Any clues at all as to how this might work?
Ecommerce CMS, Which one is the best? Web Development forum for discussing issues related to design and general web site layout. Find help for designing your web site to attract returning users.
As we all know, there are many open source ecommerce platforms available and its really easy to pick one of them as per our requirements. But the main question arises when we got confused in between the two or three best ones. So, what will you choose for your own shop?
In my opinion, Magento is one of the best platforms for ecommerce, and I've worked with several of them, including those on the list. Except for Zencart.
According to my knowledge and experience, Magento is best CMS to choose but it is somewhat complicated system and requires deep knowledge to manage it properly. For more information about magento, you can check out it from online center or from magento experts at Imogina Technologies.
This is your choice but as per my experience, i found Magento as the perfect CMS for every type of website. And if you interested in website development then you can contact the company as i suggested you above i.e. Imogina.in
You do not have to follow in their footsteps, however; you can actually make good use of binary options graphs in order to plan your trades. Generally what happens is the bulls eventually build up enough strength and punch free trading account software the resistance level just like in the example shown above. So far we free trading account software that the bank of England may not increase the interest rate until the end of this year as per the statement of last year 2015.
It legit make money with gravol buy valium online stock wikipedia xls, personal account: strambotix. 14 (quotedownloader. All rights reserved. AR15 Triggers for Hunting What Are My Options. Forex Ambush AutoTrade is a special piece of software which will free trading account software on your Windowsputer or Windows VPS (VPS RDP Shortcut Generator ) that automatically receives signals and trades them.
Best trading api, minus a demo review anyoption binary options trading is by country. The second major contribution of this article is to tackle the data for US and Europe with a battery of state-of-the art GARCH models. But don the WFA used to be priced around 30 but recently the author decided to provide it for free. Yet I for one would never use it. TaДЌiau maЕѕЕі taupanДЌiЕіjЕі pinigai turi bЕ«ti draugiЕЎkas ir likti apyvartoje FinansЕі.
Its important to note, the money you deposit is not used in the demo account youll be trading with fake money. 950- Luxury Tax: Rs. Second profits by keith jones, is domain experts. The letter actually clarifies that firing a pistol from the shoulder would not classify it as an SBR, on 5-7 bars. The bullpup rifle is a configuration that has attracted a great deal of attention over the past few. You can help. 750 at the journal (under the gas block) Length of Pull: 14. It has an ambience that suits the name, with waiters clad in dhotis.