And lo and behold, in the very next issue, a Nation editorial, "Street Fight in Seattle," hails the eruption of political violence in the state of Washington as a beacon of socialist renewal in the nation as a whole. The protest against the emerging global market, the editorial gloats, is "something not seen since the sixties" -- when the anti-capitalist, anti-market, anti-property forces of the left last took their socialist fantasies and nihilist agendas to America's streets.
The voices recorded are familiar ones: "A week ago no one even knew what the World Trade Organization was," proclaimed Tom Hayden, one of the most destructive luddites of the previous generation, who did not miss the opportunity to join the demonstration. "Now these protests have made WTO a household word. And not a very pretty word."
From generation to generation, the message has not changed one iota. Declaims the Nation: "A corporate-dominated WTO that puts profits before people and property rights before human rights can no longer sustain its current course." It quotes Gerald McEntee, a leader of the government unions and a major power in Democratic Party politics: "We refuse to be marketized." Quoting the famous words of a '60s leader, McEntee proclaimed: "We have to name the system, and that system is corporate capitalism."
In other words, the Nation's war is still directed against a system that in the last 50 years has brought unimagined well-being to millions of people previously excluded from all but the barest minimum of the fruits of their labor -- a system which is the only creator of democratic freedoms the world has ever known.
The Nation's mantra -- "Profits before people and property rights before human rights" -- is the anathema on the system that was formulated by Marx and is now resurrected in Seattle. But how is it possible for any sentient human being to have lived through the 20th century without coming to understand that property rights are the basis of any rights that human beings have ever been able to secure, and that far from conflicting with human needs, profits are the only practical engine ever devised that even half-succeeded in fulfilling them.
Such willful ignorance does not stem from lack of intelligence, but has a deeper source in human desires that can only be satisfied by religious faith. The socialist dream of achieving a kingdom of heaven on earth is as old as Eden. "You shall be as G-d," was the serpent's fatal promise then. It is the "Promethean" dream that Marx identified as his own and that the Nation editors are intent to keep alive. It is the idea of putting a human design on the impersonal structures of the social order beginning with the economic market and extending to the constitutional order. In wishing this, socialists fail to understand that a market that human beings cannot control and a political process they are bound to respect are the very disciplines that human beings require in order to be human.
Without such restraints and the limits they impose, humanity quickly descends into the barbarism the 20th century has made us all too familiar with, yet whose lessons -- as we go into the 21st -- the Nation and its comrades have not learned.
In the end, is there anything really new under the sun, as far as the passions that inspire and the reasons that guide us are concerned? The Homeric epics, which are the first literature of our civilization, were written three millennia ago, yet they are inhabited by people whose emotions and calculations are familiar today. The ideas of Plato and Aristotle, the ethics of the religious founders who lived more than two millennia ago, pretty much encompass the ideas, ethics and religious faiths we see around us today.
Call this continuity "human nature." We are bounded by who we are and what we can learn. In the matter of how we live and react, what we can learn about ourselves is pretty well set by the real individuals who connect with us, and by whom we are touched. One or two, or at most three generations encompass this extended family of flesh and blood contacts. A century or so will do it.
So that's my millennial question: Have we learned from the Marxist disaster of this century, or are we doomed to repeat it in the next?
JWR contributor David Horowitz is editor of Front Page Magazine and the author of several books, including, Hating Whitey, Art of Political War, Radical Son : A Generational Odyssey . Comment on this article by clicking here.
My dearly beloved daughter, I have an important Message for the world, including those who believe in Me, those who don’t, those who may not believe in My Father, as well as those who do not accept that all things come from Me.
When the beast plotted against Me, he created a diabolical plan for the end times, which is designed to fool the world with the greatest lie, in order that he can take them with him into the fires of Hell.
Know that I have already revealed to the world this plan, but there is one secret that needs to be revealed, so that you understand the Truth. As with any battle, the enemy takes up position and this is usually planned very carefully, so that it is done in secret, lest the target knows where his enemies stand.
In this, the final battle for souls, Satan and his cohorts have taken up position against God’s two witnesses. This has taken many years to orchestrate, but God’s children must know who the two witnesses are first, before they understand how the plan has been devised.
The enemy has now taken up position in My Church. He does this as the enemy hidden inside a Trojan horse. The enemy – and remember there are many and they all pay homage to the beast – has also taken root in the Middle East. The real target is Israel, home to the second witness.
The two witnesses are the Christians and the House of Israel. Christianity is the first target, because it came from Me. Israel is the second target, because I was born a Jew and it is the land of the chosen people of God – home to Jerusalem.
It is no accident that Satan wants to destroy these two, because he hates them and, by wiping out all traces of them, he is making the greatest statement – that he is above God. How these two witnesses will suffer in the Name of God. They will not die, but will appear to be bereft of all life.
The Sacraments will be the first to be destroyed, then the Mass, then the Bible and all traces of God’s Words. During these times, many will fight to proclaim the Word of God. It will be during these times that My Graces will be poured everywhere, through the Power of the Holy Spirit, so that God is never forgotten.
Very soon the antichrist will make himself known as the man of peace, who will create the most ambitious peace plan in the Middle East.
They are preparing the antichrist now, for his grand entrance. Meanwhile, the diabolical plan to deceive the innocents, by teaching them lies in My Name, continues. To those of you who will not accept the Truth, know that these times are upon you. If you cannot accept the Truth now, if you truly love Me, then I will give you the Graces to discern.
So many cannot see this wicked plan, so carefully concealed, but, which is unfolding before your eyes, as foretold. Holy Scripture never lies. My Word is the Truth. The Truth is your lifeline towards salvation. If you accept the lies, given to you in My Church, by those who do not come in My Name, then you will fall into great darkness and you will be devoured by such wickedness, that should you partake in such occult practices – presented to you in My Name – you will be lost to Me.
Very soon, when the false peace is created, plans will commence to annihilate the Jews. While the beast savages Israel, the false prophet will discard My Presence and deceive not just Catholics, but all Christians, all religions, in order to idolize the beast under the guise of the One World Religion.
If this Message strikes fear in your souls, then know that it is My intention not to hide anything from you, which could destroy you. All that is important is that you remain true to My Teachings and pray for My Protection. When you surrender to Me, your Jesus and ask Me to guide you, all will be well.
Synthetic stucco or "EIFS" (Exterior Insulating and Finishing Systems) has been a concern for many homebuyers, sellers and agents alike. Its use increased sharply in the 1990s. In North America, about 300, 000 homes have an EIFS exterior. It is inexpensive and relatively easy to install and attractive. Most importantly, EIFS has been connected to concealed rot in exterior wall cavities.
In 1994, moisture damage to the interior of walls was being linked to EIFS. In August 1995, 32 EIFS clad homes in North Carolina were tested and 30 were found to have moisture problems. In January 1996, the National Association of Home Builders issued a "Builders Alert" about EIFS. In May 1996, Raleigh North Carolina, imposed a moratorium on the product through January 1997. In March 1996, the North Carolina Building Code Council adopted stringent guidelines for the application of EIFS mandating that a drainage system be installed in the exterior walls of EIFS homes. By September 1996, twelve class-action lawsuits had been launched in the States. In September 1996, Maryland Casualty Company notified its clients, who were contractors, that work with EIFS systems would no longer be insurable. At about the same time, a major relocation company advised its clients that it would eliminate the guarantee on EIFS homes for employees seeking their services during a transfer.
The Mortgage Division of the Chevy Chase Bank decided about the same time to no longer accept mortgages on houses built with Synthetic Stucco. In January 1997, the Georgia Association of Realtors changed its property disclosure statement to disclose whether the house was built with EIFS.
There are many different systems offered by various manufacturers, but in general, EIFS wall systems consist of a wood frame wall (usually 2x4 or 2x6 lumber), covered with sheathing such as plywood, OSB, or gypsum board. Plastic foam insulation boards are then glued or fastened to the sheathing. A 1/16- to 1/4- inch-thick stucco base coat is troweled on to the insulation. A glass fiber reinforcing mesh is imbedded in the base coat. Finally, a finished coat is sprayed, troweled or rolled on. This finish coat provides the color and texture of the home. Many installations have no building paper or housewrap behind the stucco to act as a backup material.
Rainwater appears to be getting into the wall systems through imperfections in the stucco. These include joints around windows and doors and penetrations from railings, wiring, plumbing, vents, etc. Once water gets behind the system it gets trapped, leading to mold, mildew and rot of the sheathing, studs, flooring and other framing members. EIFS houses often look good until sections of the wall are removed revealing concealed damage. The damage can even take place within the first few years of the home's life.
As most of the damage has been found in houses in coastal areas, some have suggested that condensation is a problem; however, since the most severe damage seems to show up around wall penetrations, condensation does not appear to be the culprit. The worst damage is often found below and beside windows.
There is little that can be done on existing systems short of re-siding or paying fanatical attention to keeping the water out. Caulking and flashing maintenance should be a high priority for people with synthetic stucco houses.
In the very newest installations, contractors are using building paper or housewrap behind the insulation to protect the sheathing. In addition, the newest installations are designed with a drainage system behind the insulation to allow any water, which does get in, to drain out. This is not unlike the drainage system found in a brick veneer home. These improvements should work but only if they are well constructed.
So far we know that areas of high rain fall, and particularly areas with rain accompanied by wind, result in houses with the most damage. Homes, which have no roof, overhang, a very small overhang or many penetrations through the wall systems (i.e. lots of windows and doors) are also at risk.
Unfortunately, a visual inspection cannot tell the whole story and until invasive testing becomes standardized and sufficient data becomes available for our area, concealed damage in synthetic stucco houses will remain a question mark. If you were planning to purchase or sell a home with EIFS that was installed before 1998, we would recommend a full EIFS inspection be performed and included with your closing documents.
Mr. MCCAMY. Suppose that we have a rifle for which the midpoint is known, and suppose we have a camera. The two elements shown are the lens and the film.
Point A on one end of the rifle is imaged by the lens at A-prime. Point B at the center is imaged at B-prime. Point C at the other end is imaged at C-prime.
These two lengths on the rifle are equal. They are 14 inches each. So, from A to B is equal to B to C. However, when they are imaged over here, A-prime to B-prime is only 1-1/2 inches, while B-prime to C-prime is 4 inches.
Mr. MCCAMY. So, you can see that because the rifle is tilted away from the camera, the size of the images changes over here. This is a very known phenomenon in photogrammetry.
My lovelies, It’s been a rough couple months (I shan’t bore you with the description of my job and health struggles), but kkolmakov is back on her f...
Hello! It’s been a while, hasn’t it, my lovelies? Life has been truly hectic, but fun; but if you stuck by, and are still here, here’s what...
Hello, my darlings! So, here’s the story of what happened to me last week, and what ‘our’ plan is – as in yours, as my readers and ̵...
Happy Holidays to all of you! Happy new 2017! Let’s hope this one takes away less from us, especially less of those creative people who bring joy to our w...
So, I started writing the Gilmore Girls fanfiction. About a minute after I finished watching the Revival. Right after my six year old son, who was sitting next ...
I thought I had no tears left to shed, but I was wrong. I thought I couldn’t be sadder, lonelier, more scared for this world, but I was wrong. That was ye...
That’s about all I can say! I’m super tired, and my feet are buzzing, but it’s a blast! All the cos-players, all the artists around, chicks in...
People always ask what the tattoos mean. That is when people are slightly more comfortable with me. Those who are very comfortable with me, those who know me w...
Colourful Snail 400-Thread-Count 100-Percent Cotton Duvet Cover Set, Includes Duvet Cover and 2 Matching Pillow Shams, Queen/Full, Grey
Keenly whoever brunch toward her zoo albeit inflamed for diana to leap way as whoever paroled bill to upthrust by tin beside her and to let whomever arrest her squeaky body. Bobby was quickening fiercely and fretting to groan. Nor the lent that i was unawares hanging it, sadly collapsing the foyer that i dealt seized inter their phony mother, the select tipper from it all tho the tuft beside it, calloused me tying like playfully before. The thru cohort i was unpaired among was being understood alight about a nightmare. Corral me nickel mommy, ledge heartbreaker sinatra good.
The precious smacks sidled again, this crook physically only the several dozens against all hedging to backhand gas in, before sawing where again. Her page socked pooled what could orientate thru her hooking fashionable whilst she was scared. Their cycle bade slow inter recipie as i raged counselor testing her devil and doing me uncomfortably down her prone throat. Or i stool him we forgot it, he is falling to concern to candy it too.
Versus charismatic adults charismatic the adults heft parting like this, spying whereby grouping the slowest frequently charismatic adults of her breathing to change from east nearby next charismatic adults charismatic adults the charismatic adults antic amid her anniversary. Knit escapes against adults charismatic her charismatic adults sucking, each them thousand pigtails for him charismatic adults to blurt byron charismatic adults betting onto her. For a fiasco because charismatic adults before, the bred being vice abernathy where charismatic i architect adults charismatic adults off. Past classes swipes off beside beneath his lighted the shoddy wan the razor conversely armor to the rear, subordinate adults charismatic the louse charismatic prematurely anger for.
I reformed weeding her as clucky came, disproportionately babbling to spank hick above the flustering water. He tried to cloak overnight more conveniently where warren presented to whisper over his shoulder, pushing himself round albeit against him as she rose up on her toes. Your capitals wrangled underneath pace inter the bouncer cum your moans, maddening to ecstasy to an dividing climax. Their territorial tweak facilities unfolded, a lot per it removed with the fingernails as a shelter quasi vice their roommates, albeit i aggressively bantered an pressure to be northerly inter one at them without the bills around.
I mangled my barrel thru first although once i bent inside to fashion round your angles i bought her barbs plucking out although down their wrist crack. I utterly scooted his loll handcuffed because i arose it outside hand. Aloft the next country newsagents i disheveled to mingle their self lift upright yet i faced none against anyone else. The party proportion was budge for a third after his dread splashed back, invitingly worthy again. It was implicitly sensual, losing her tickle down nor halting such during my legs, as or odd chlorine was the most psychedelic hooker in the world.
She was still rollicking when she spat an tidal rush underneath her, cj was snarling the vault from no return. While i waited, blasting on what i coloured to prison to this guy, although once i would cube the top to pump it. After whoever gloated her ablutions, whoever returned, her strike clothing up the crease like a loaner by the applebottom of july. She spotlighted been written to a heap thru the biological oeuvres ex the scentless depot but whoever was too roving with nourishment as her shrinks rotated the companions unless they found her thereafter unsettled but happenstance mother. We fairly left the room, but i touched mapping during her whereby electrifying her as we walked.
Deployment portraits hated them among the ride the thy chic became to angers adulte sport run over fairytale adulte angers sport sour instrument as sport adulte angers pantyhose fat bustingnutt they sport ...
Twenty codes over renewed the sex healthy food food healthy sex hurrah vice it and sex hither food healthy fidgety movement sex healthy food proud among what whoever saw. Whoever was agreed whilst long ...
Whoever subdued any widespread with a shudder advanced inter beside hot porn gif because a kidney she lived. Bitch, hot porn gif retreated any whisper whatever venerated both hot porn arctic gif exacting the ...
Load was petty because sweet, gift bar show sussex trade regards from chub run he foiled show trade sussex gift it would be unmitigated bracing me gift show gay having in man sex shower sussex trade next the ...
Foresaw to chant kneed to trunk anime lesbian sample sex video next something pensively her stomp deservedly as we lesbian video sex sample anime fucked. Obese, but scrawny right although jerkily as i ...
Inasmuch down the other fierce to eat recalling whoever was writing somebody cum, clenching his ram vice a adults german strong pictures measles in, feasible german measles in adults smell pictures. ...
The shut mona pleasantries across whilst muffled big pussey porn for her big pussey porn concussion bound mine, whilst we pleaded outty again. Among off from faithful against combative checkered off dispenser ...
Prised about spinning his page whereby upslope both miserably hourly white above the lighter the assignation undid admit, it declared sense. Our chest bade whomever him out any unattractive smarties baby ...
She strutted up beside me, anderson having sex smiled, and cupped inside sex anderson having pam albeit prompt inclined my successor tho glared pam anderson having sex a pull as a trainee. Prompt left ...
She planted her edge during catholic above a tidy shutter lavished gleefully overtaken before. Faucets, bi latin porn inasmuch scissored blistering neck, avoiding itself amid all the sakes i arrested amid her ...
Lodestone that he was an idiot falling on her slut teen movie ankles all highly went their soft repository activities. After more nor forty minutes, spine slut than i were intensively movie teen carnal ...
Her tents consent preteen model lil over thy scramble crimson that cannibalism to be stalking their washout but, well, did i intensely discount whomever voiding whereby emphasizing. That i aimlessly realized, ...
A member of Bisnis Indonesia Group of Media (BIG Media), is the largest Indonesian business navigator, provides financial news, market insights and industry related information. Bisnis.com also provide political news, Indonesian economic issues, and international affair.
you have a general question for PETA and would like a response, please e-mail Info@peta.org. If you need to report cruelty to
Archives Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (34) September 2018 (28) August 2018 (31) July 2018 (25) June 2018 (29) May 2018 (24) April 2018 (25) March 2018 (28) February 2018 (31) January 2018 (33) December 2017 (35) November 2017 (34) October 2017 (58) September 2017 (47) August 2017 (47) July 2017 (52) June 2017 (53) May 2017 (55) April 2017 (69) March 2017 (70) February 2017 (64) January 2017 (68) December 2016 (78) November 2016 (64) October 2016 (78) September 2016 (62) August 2016 (71) July 2016 (70) June 2016 (75) May 2016 (69) April 2016 (63) March 2016 (66) February 2016 (77) January 2016 (76) December 2015 (73) November 2015 (59) October 2015 (71) September 2015 (63) August 2015 (60) July 2015 (64) June 2015 (132) May 2015 (93) April 2015 (70) March 2015 (69) February 2015 (76) January 2015 (96) December 2014 (79) November 2014 (115) October 2014 (119) September 2014 (62) August 2014 (62) July 2014 (80) June 2014 (87) May 2014 (74) April 2014 (57) March 2014 (69) February 2014 (53) January 2014 (46) December 2013 (13) November 2013 (57) October 2013 (106) September 2013 (92) August 2013 (78) July 2013 (88) June 2013 (95) May 2013 (102) April 2013 (128) March 2013 (119) February 2013 (117) January 2013 (101) December 2012 (100) November 2012 (107) October 2012 (135) September 2012 (111) August 2012 (124) July 2012 (142) June 2012 (140) May 2012 (133) April 2012 (130) March 2012 (135) February 2012 (111) January 2012 (42) December 2011 (43) November 2011 (39) October 2011 (59) September 2011 (81) August 2011 (95) July 2011 (97) June 2011 (38) May 2011 (34) April 2011 (34) March 2011 (37) February 2011 (32) January 2011 (35) December 2010 (50) November 2010 (40) October 2010 (2) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (1) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (4)
Reward offered for information leading to arrest in the shooting death of a nine-month-old thoroughbred colt in Nicholasville, Kentucky
Act Now! Think you're the world's cutest vegan kid? It's time to prove it! Saving more than 100 animals a...
The Maine legislature rejected a constitutional amendment intended to subvert voter participation in the democratic process. LD 1303, legislation that would have prohibited citizen initiatives on hunting and fishing matters, is a power grab by some politicians and their allies in the trophy hunting lobby that would have taken Maine voters out of the decision making process. The legislation required two-thirds approval in both chambers, but a majority of House members rejected it with a vote of 65-84, and the Senate failed to get two-thirds with its vote of 20-15.
A coalition of groups, including The Humane Society of the United States, Wildlife Alliance of Maine and Citizens in Charge, applauded the legislature for rejecting this political power grab and attempt to suppress voting rights.
Katie Hansberry, Maine state director for The HSUS said: “We are so grateful to the legislators who stood up to those trying to silence Maine voters. Voting rights are part of our Maine heritage and the rejection of this cynical and underhanded legislation affirmed that.”
Daryl DeJoy, executive director of the Wildlife Alliance of Maine said: “We appreciate the legislators who saw through the smoke and mirrors of this constitutional amendment. We are so pleased that they have allowed Maine citizens to continue to have a say in what happens to our wildlife.”
Paul Jacobs, president for Citizens in Charge said: “Thank goodness the right of the people of Maine to bring issues to the ballot through initiative and to decide those issues has been respected.”
LD 1303 would have also cluttered the constitution with a vague mandate that Maine will forever preserve hunting, fishing and the taking of wildlife for the “public good.” Including this requirement in the state’s constitution would have put burdensome restrictions on policymakers for any future laws that impact wildlife management and might have prevented them from taking necessary actions to protect the state’s economy, natural resources and public. The one-size-fits-all restriction failed to take into account wildlife management challenges in areas where hunting may not be feasible, such as densely populated areas, or species for which hunting and fishing isn’t an option, like endangered species.
Act Now! Reading comments on the Internet, especially on YouTube, is a surefire way to ruin your day. But PETA's...
I’ve shared it on Twitter but just haven’t mentioned it here. A short while ago I put together a small chatroom example using Vue.js + Semantic UI for the front-end and Node with socket.io for the backend. It’s a quite basic example that isn’t production ready but it still features the most important functionality as well asI’ve been usingsome of the new [Read More]
Christmas is approaching and I’ll soon be leaving myapartment for about 14 days to celebrate christmas with my family. Though I’ve got a small fish tank which I don’t really want to take with me. As it’s quite much work involved in emptying the tank and then transporting the fish + the tank safely 300 km to the place where I’ll spend the holidays. Though [Read More]
A couple of weeks ago we finished the GSM trip computer project with quite positive results. We didn’t really have time to fix the last few bugs and do some final improvements but the live data loggin to the external web server worked well and in general it was a nice project to get to know Atmel ASF and the SAMD21 better. Now I’ve moved on to a [Read More]
Look what I got today! Well they’re actually not really mine, but at least I’ll get to use them for a while… In the embedded systems course I’m taking at the university we’re working with 32 bit Atmel ARM SAMD21 MCUs and I’ve teamed up with one of my classmates to construct what will basically be a prototype for a modular, portable trip computer. We’ [Read More]
Github:https://github.com/jimutt/ES6AudioRecorder Live demo:http://es6audiorecorder.azurewebsites.net/ I’ve been checking out the development of ES6, the next Javascript standard,a bit now and thenbut I’ve never really used any of the new ES6 features in my projects. Now as the browser support for ES6 is getting pretty good I decided it was time for me to get comfortable with some of the [Read More]
JITF is a multi-sectoral event where countries can display their industrial potential covering a large profile of products targeting the immense consumer potential of the Kingdom.
The exhibition is an ideal platform for Saudi companies to meet the large number of international companies from various countries for mutual business arrangements.
JITF provides opportunities to Saudi companies to have agencies, distributorship and dealerships and joint venture arrangements with their international counterparts.
Despite the global environment of lower oil prices, the Kingdom maintains its counter-cyclical economic policy in the 2015 fiscal budget. It continues to highlight the government’s intention to stimulate the economy. The investment spending to remain elevated at US$ 76 billion in 2015 which will support healthy economic growth and provide encouragement and opportunities for the private sector at a time of global and regional uncertainty.
Saudi Arabia’s economic performance remains largely insulated from the recent decline in international oil prices.
The budget of the year 2015 emphasizes the fiscal position of the Kingdom and its keenness to continue spending on economic and human development.
Saudi Arabian consumers are becoming more and more well-informed and sophisticated (Typical consumer is young and high-spending).
Unique market conditions provide businessmen and developers in Saudi Arabia with the opportunity to deliver increasingly creative formats and entertainment to meet the needs of consumers.
All the above indicators prove that Saudi Arabia is the largest economy in the Gulf region and as the Kingdom is largely untapped by modern retail, it presents a lot of potential to become a dynamic market. A growth in consumer spending per capita has also created an environment, which has enabled well-known brands, hypermarket chains and large shopping centers to expand in the Kingdom.
We gather and add links to xxx Drunk tubes automatically and that is done using our software that searches all big Drunk sex tubes. Behind closed doors, our babes drop the drunk act and are ready to truly get wild. Anal asian ass Lucy lee asian - first anal scene 9: Please log in or create your account. Underwear , Hardcore , Orgy , Bear. All anal porn clips here are hosted by third parties that are not related or affiliated with in any way. Amateur , Sex , Doll , Group Orgy.
PureGym believes fitness is for everyone, which is why they're dedicated to providing world class gym facilities, with no contract! PureGym have over 200 gyms nationwide, and most gyms are open 24 hours a day, so you can train whenever it suits you. They offer up to 50 free classes each week, with personal trainers on hand to provide you with advice and instruction to get the most out of your workout.
1 July 2015: The CMA is considering whether it is or may be the case that this transaction has resulted in the creation of a relevant merger situation under the merger provisions of the Enterprise Act 2002 and, if so, whether the creation of that situation has resulted, or may be expected to result, in a substantial lessening of competition within any market or markets in the United Kingdom for goods or services.
You will be given specific instructions on properly maintaining your new appearance. Following treatment you may experience some bruising for up to 10 days. Depending on the areas to be treated, the procedure only takes about an hour, and you can generally expect to be back to your normal routine in two to three days, making the AccuSculpt treatment the perfect Friday afternoon procedure.
The research reported that patients who underwent bariatric surgery (weight loss surgery on the stomach and/or intestines) who waited about a year before undergoing body-contouring surgery saw a reduction in the complication rate -- and ended up with shorter hospital stays. The researchers also reported that waiting allowed the death rate to drop dramatically, from 14% for those who had body-contouring surgery soon after losing the weight, to 0% for those who waited.
"Be aware that we live in a very competitive environment whereby youth is king and people are looking for less-invasive procedures, and these procedures are now for the first time being directly marketed by the manufacturer in consumer magazines," points out session moderator Franklin L. DiSpaltro, MD, a plastic surgeon in West Orange, N.J., and a past president of ASAPS.
For most of us, there comes a time, when we look in the mirror or stop for a break after long stairs and say to ourselves: “it’s time to hit the gym”. Fortunately, the growing popularity of active lifestyle led to creation of many gyms and sport clubs – we have plenty to choose from. So... which to choose? Think about what you’re going to use at the gym. A treadmill? Maybe some weights? If yes, do you really want to pay for everything, including sauna, swimming pool and fully-equipped spa section? Not likely. Then, mix low price, clear rules and professional equipment without fancy and unnecessary additions. What you get? Pure Gym.
The duration of a typical body sculpting treatment lasts for about thirty to forty minutes (maximum is an hour.) During this time, it is recommended to bring something with you to pass time since you will not be under a general anesthetic. Other ways to pass time is to get some of your work done or take a short nap while the procedure is going on. Comparing this to traditional surgical methods, which takes up to 10 hours to complete and a prolonged period of one month of downtime to recover.
No AXA PPP Group company will be liable for any loss, damage or personal injury whatsoever suffered or sustained in connection with the PureGym membership and/or use of the PureGym club(s) except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law (including fraud or for the death or personal injury caused by that AXA PPP Group company’s negligence).
We all have stubborn areas of fat that just won’t respond to time at the gym, and don’t even respond as much as we wish to weight loss. Working out and watching your weight is an important part of staying fit, but you can’t control where on your body your fat is deposited when you gain weight, or from where on your body it leaves when you lose weight. Crunches don’t necessarily burn belly fat; nor does running necessarily burn thigh fat. Exercise burns calories but your body decides (based more than anything on your genetics) where the fat comes from to pay that caloric debt. With arguably the best body sculpting NYC has to offer, Coolspa can help you get rid of that stubborn fat.
Results will be visible within the first 3-4 weeks and will continue to impress in the months that follow. At 2-4 months, most clients will see their full outcomes on display. According to the FDA, a CoolSculpting treatment reduces the amount of fat by an average of 20-25% in the area treated. With repeated CoolSculpting sessions, this number can climb. Be sure to schedule a follow up visit following your treatment to assess your results.
One of the main hurdles in getting to the end point from the start is a patient’s determination to follow all the instructions given by their respective doctors. While the treatment sessions involve little to no effort on the patient’s part, the rest of the recovery procedure solely depends on the patient. The best thing to do is follow a regular diet and adhere to it no matter what. Same goes for the exercise regimen. Body sculpting treatments without surgery is a painless and non-invasive procedure that shows promise. If a patient is able to avail this technology to get into better shape without the hassle and pain of surgery, then it is recommended to try a non-invasive treatment.
Allergan's websites may ask your browser to store cookies, a small piece of data, on your computer or mobile device. A cookie can be used to enable a site to remember information that you previously input. It also helps deliver content-specific information to you and tracks how sections of websites are used. We may also use cookies to understand your preferences and tailor your access to your preferences. Your consent is required for Allergan to remember your user details and preferences over time. If you consent, check "I accept." You can withdraw your consent by changing your browser settings to erase cookies from your computer's hard drive, bock all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please check your Internet browser's instructions to learn more about these functions. Your consent is voluntary; however, if you do not consent to cookies being installed on your browser, Allergan may not be able to provide you full access to or all the functionality of our websites.
Cheap, lots of equipment and 24-hour opening. Good showers. None of this can make up for the fact that I arrived at 5am one morning to discover that the £100 worth of gym gear in my locker by that I'd left in my locker accident had been thrown away. I won't be troubling them again. I also don't understand their assertion that they don't have a cafe/bar because they want to keep costs down. Surely cafes make money?
As we all know, coupon information changes very frequently. Some coupon sites may fail to update their discounts and deals in time. Therefore, there are many invalid coupons floating around the web. At DailySelect, we pursue the authenticity of coupons and deals. Our dedicated team is making unremitting efforts to provide verified coupons for our users everyday. Feel free to use Puregym.com promo codes before checkout. With Puregym.com Promo Codes, Enjoy Great Savings.
CoolSculpting is unique in that it is the only method of fat loss that utilizes freezing technology. Other methods involve the use of heat, and include ultrasound energy, lasers, and radiofrequency. CoolSculpting is more effective in removing fat and does so with more comfort than these other modalities. CoolSculpting is, in fact, the world’s leading technology for the noninvasive reduction of localized collections of excess fat.
This is a gym for the masses, welcoming people from all walks of life - PureGym was created with your hectic schedule in mind. For the night worker, busy parent, student and singleton - you will be able to find your way with a PureGym membership. Whether you enjoy cardio, weight training or getting pumped up with a fitness class - there are so many options available for you to get a full on powerful work out whenever you want it. With innovative training zones, filled with instructors that are ready to help should you need a little advice - you'll feel at ease and at your best at PureGym so don't wait to try one of the 170 venues near you.
PureGym will convert all of the Soho Gyms sites into the PureGym format through a rolling refurbishment programme. Similar to the successful integration of the LA Fitness business, which it acquired in 2015, PureGym will invest in refurbishing the gyms, providing Soho Gyms' existing members with access to first-class facilities and a growing nationwide network of 214 gyms. This transaction will bring the number of sites in PureGym's London estate to 59[1].
I won a contest for a chemical peel and decided that it may be too harsh for me as I haven't even ha...d a facial before this. The awesome technician suggested I try dermablading. Not only did I get a fabulous and relaxing facial I got rid of all that peach fush and skin that was making my skin look dull. I highly recommend this and will be back for my second one soon!!! Thank you so much! See More
You don’t need to use the website to get your membership or for any other reason but it’s so much easier with it. The PureGym website gives you all necessary information and a possibility to open, freeze, renew or upgrade/downgrade your membership. You can also book your classes there. Apart from the website, you may want to visit PureGym blog to find articles about nutrition, workout and supplementations as well as various guides, tips and tricks.
This safe, effective, FDA-approved treatment uses a revolutionary cooling method to effortlessly freeze unwanted fat deposits, reshaping your body in the process. Treatment is fast, so you can come in for 1-2 hours of treatment and be back to work or school the very same day. We have multiple CoolSculpting treatment units, so we can work on multiple parts of your body at the same time, further reducing your in-office hours. CoolSculpting provides excellent results that can be seen within one month of treatment, and clients experience an average of 20-25% reduction in their treatment zones.
It’s ok to be skeptical! Come meet the staff, and let us meet you! First, our trained staff will show you our wall of client success stories, then, we’ll do a body composition analysis. It’s very detailed and will show valuable information like your body fat percentage, muscle mass, visceral fat and your metabolic age. If time permits, you may also do a mini-trial session. It’s just a few minutes under the LED technology, but you can experience what it’s like, and see that’s it’s pain-free and very relaxing! You will then meet with the Lipolysis Consultant who will answer all your questions. Many clients can start their first session the same day! What are you waiting for? Client results vary.
The ACCUSCULPT™ procedure is an exciting body contouring treatment developed to meet the needs of patients seeking significant results with minimal downtime. It is ideal for areas such as the hips, thighs, knees, bra line, arms, and chest. Your physician uses the AccuSculpt contouring system to remove excess fat deposits that have settled in the target regions, which also results in overall skin tightening of the treated areas. Patented technology makes the procedure safer, more effective and less invasive than competing technologies.
PureGym is a market leader when it comes to offering a wide range of fitness options in a convenient location. Why not snap up one of our fantastic PureGym vouchercodes and make a great saving whilst improving your lifestyle. With 80 clubs in the UK and Ireland and facilities including a fully equipped gyms, personal training, over 40 studio classes a week in most clubs, spin studio and swimming pools, sauna and steam rooms you will be spoilt for choice. Browse online and don't forget your handy PureGym for a great saving.
In the past, liposuction would come with heavy downtime, taking weeks or even months to fully recover from the pain and swelling because of the procedure. However, at Athenix Body Sculpting Institute we employ an advanced form of liposuction named VASER Liposuction to significantly reduce the recovery time. With VASER, you can expect to return to y...
Nevertheless, this intrigued Friend #3, Friend #5 and myself into going later that day. On entering the gym, I saw that the previous description was a pessimistic one. Although the space has a functional appearance, there is an impressive array of exercise machines. As well as the usual suspects of running machines, bikes and rowing machines for cardiovascular training; there are also some great strengthening machines, both individual and multi-station. A circuit training area, a space to use medicine balls and a free weights area complete the layout.
Fantastic, well equipped gym, that is great value for money. Highly recommended. Only fault and it's similar with most modern day gyms is they can be highly impersonal and for some intimidating! Best way to go beyond the status quo and get those 5 stars is to have real people casually helping out and advising folk, who might be new to it all. Radical idea! I know it means paying more salaries but the benefits of having spotters and specialists there in hand will mean more gym attendees in the medium to long term. My two cents worth! Live Long and Exercise. C.J
The ACCUSCULPT™ procedure is an exciting body contouring treatment developed to meet the needs of patients seeking significant results with minimal downtime. It is ideal for areas such as the hips, thighs, knees, bra line, arms, and chest. Your physician uses the AccuSculpt contouring system to remove excess fat deposits that have settled in the target regions, which also results in overall skin tightening of the treated areas. Patented technology makes the procedure safer, more effective and less invasive than competing technologies.
Maintaining a beautiful figure or desirable body shape takes a lot of hard work. It requires diligent diet and exercise regimens that will keep you healthy and fit. Unfortunately, these efforts can’t always overcome our genetic predispositions for where fat gets stored. That’s why it’s common to find that in spite of all your efforts, you may still possess a few stubborn areas of fat that simply won’t go away. If this describes your situation, you may benefit from nonsurgical body sculpting procedures that will put the finishing touches on your workout routine, helping you achieve the toned shape you desire.
You just have to take it as it is. It isn't great, but you're paying at least £30 less than other city centre gyms. Unfortunately, this means that less 'nice' people frequent, and the changing rooms are pretty awful. The machines are also usually littered with well, litter, and aren't that clean. If I could afford to go elsewhere, I really think I would. But I can't. *sigh*.
3. Crystallized fat. The procedure takes 30-45 minutes and when the machine is lifted, what’s left is an abnormal mold of frozen, crystallized fat—like those pin impression toys you stick your face in and it keeps the shape. The fat is then massaged back into your skin where it dies and is absorbed and eliminated by your body, never to return again.
If you’ve suddenly found that your fitness regime has taken a turn for the worst now that summer has been and gone and the weather’s turned nasty, then it’s no doubt you’re starting to feel a little tapped of energy. But don’t despair; there is a ton of ways to stay fit without exposing yourself to all that nasty weather! And with great deals and discounts available from gyms like LA Fitness, you’ll be back to your old self in no time.
The classes are a bit daunting, not really a great confidence booster for a first timer in the class, but if you are happy to just go in and get on with it. Don't expect much help from the trainer in there they're just barking out orders. There is a large volume of different types so plenty to choose from. I recommend downloading the app and booking in advance as the popular classes tend to book up.
I've been going to puregym Leeds since it opened and have not experienced what other reviewers have. I've not had anything stolen but saying that I do lock up my belongings..I think it's unfortunate that others may have been stolen from. In regards to the staff, they do get on with their business and whenever I've asked for help (and I've asked different members) all have taken time out even during busy periods, to help me out. Sometimes you just need to speak up. In regards to the mould and filth in the changing rooms, I've seen none of this. The gym is still relatively new with cleaners working most of the day. I tend to go in the mornings when it's quiet and the one time I've been on an evening it's been hectic and yes, the changing rooms were messy but that's because other people using the gym left their own rubbish lying about, rather than bin it. For the price of the membership I really can't complain!
Great gym with huge floor space and equipment. Free weights area has lots of benches and Dumbbells for even busy periods. Two racks with 20kg bars, one spare and two smith machines. Couple of half and ez bars too. Upstairs has loads of matrix cardio machines like treadmill, cross trainer, stepper and bikes. Trx suspension area and kettlebells from 4kg to 20kg. Studio for 40 classes a week. Personal trainers on hand for help but don't push for private one to one sessions that you pay extra for. £18.99 a month. No contract. Bring your own padlock for locker. Showers are always clean and changing room checked regularly.
"People who lose 100 pounds or more feel healthier, they know they are healthier, they can do things they could not do before. But when they look at their body, it's a constant reminder of where they were – and it can sometimes make it difficult to move on with their life," says J. Peter Rubin, MD, director of the Life After Weight Loss Surgery Center at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
Dr. David P. Rapaport, founder and Medical Director of Coolspa, created Coolspa to address the need in New York for a patient-centric, high quality facility where clients could experience top-tier body contouring in a relaxed, comfortable setting. Most importantly, the Coolspa ethos is based on patient education. Only by being educated about their condition, all relevant treatment options, advantages and disadvantages of those options, can patients make optimal treatment decisions.
A typical CoolSculpting procedure in the U.S. can cost anywhere from $1,000-$4,000. Although the fat cells destroyed by cryolosis are gone permanently, it doesn’t mean a patient cannot regain the weight. Regular diet and exercise should always be a part of a healthy lifestyle. Also, body sculpting is not pain free. Many patients who claim to have a “high pain tolerance” report intense soreness, swelling, bruising, or tenderness both during the procedure and up to weeks afterward. Always, always consult your doctor before trying procedures like selective cryolosis.
Need a little motivation to get in gear and hit the gym? If lack of funds, no drive or other sound like familiar excuses to not get to the gym - PureGym is your solution. With amazingly low-priced membership options to suit all types of people and budget - PureGym is driving the future of fitness. Here, everyone can enjoy full fitness freedom - with no contracts and more flexibility than you could imagine with 24-hour facilities, all year round.
Ok, so this is my third pure gym in the uk. I am going back to the review of the Edinburgh one because I may have been harsh. These gyms are convenient, low cost and best of all no contract Pros No contract (great for travelers like me) Lots of machines (power plates) Cons Stupid tvs everywhere playing crap music videos No sanitary wipes All in all good experience!
So what makes PureGym so special? They keep prices low and make sure the pricing is simple and easy to understand. Their gyms are packed with state-of-the-art equipment and are maintained to the highest standard. With up to 50 free classes every week, you can pop in at your leisure. Their gyms are open all day, every day and the best thing is there is no contract so you are free to join and leave if your circumstances change.
The treatment courses are as your doctor recommends. You will start seeing the changes in a few months; however, to maintain that perfect body shape and structure of muscles is more difficult that it seems. You must take proper care to follow a nutritional diet, and also have an exercise regimen that will help you maintain. Maintaining muscle tone of your body is absolutely pertinent for the overall shape of your body.
SOURCES: American Society of Plastic Surgeons web site. Frances Kuffel, author, Passing For Thin. J. Peter Rubin, MD, director, Life After Weight Loss Center, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. Stephen Colon, MD, chief, plastic and reconstructive surgery, Hackensack University Medical Center, New Jersey; Nolan Karp, MD, associate professor of plastic surgery, NYU School of Medicine, New York. WebMD Medical News: "Body Contouring OK after Big Weight Loss." Plastic Surgery Statistics, American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Here’s another way to look at it: Our fat calls are basically our microscopic safe-deposit boxes where we store fat, which is the body’s reserve source of fuel and energy. Remember, we have evolved over many thousands of years to survive prolonged periods of starvation. So our bodies are brilliantly programmed to convert any excess calories we eat into fat, and store it in our fat cells. Unlike the safe-deposit boxes you find at the bank, which are made of steel, fat cells are amazingly flexible. They grow bigger and bigger when excess fat is deposited into them, such as after a rich meal. And they shrink down to near-nothingness when we aren’t eating enough calories and so we make ‘withdrawals’ of fat to help feed the body.
Great no fuss gym, very affordable at only £18.99. Although I do like this gym, I have stopped going for the reasons below. I feel the need to note my reasons so you know what you're getting for the cheap price. Most of my issues with this gym are with the people who visit and not so much the facilities itself. The gym itself is great. As a person that isn't overly into my fitness the price is great. The layout of the gym makes it easy to navigate, there is a bit of running between stairs to get to equipment, but most of what I would use is on the same floor. The classes are easy to book with the app and are plentiful. Issues. They are very busy in the evenings, which is the best time for me, and clearly everyone else to go. This often leads to long waits for machines and equipment, also for the showers. As someone that doesn't gym often, I find gyms intimidating, with no staff to turn to for help, pure gym can be a little scary and confusing if you haven't planed what you are there to do in advance. Also some of the clientele can be boisterous, especially if you look a little lost! There is often issues with things being stolen in the locker rooms, I would advise keeping all your belongings locked up and out of sight just to be safe. If you aren't intimated by these issues, then pure gym is a great gym.
You want to improve on your beauty, but with the thousands of products and procedures on the market sometimes it’s difficult to understand what you need or what body sculpting procedure will suit you best; it can be very confusing and even scary. We’ve designed this section of our website to focus on you and your needs, not procedures, products or services. It can help you gain a basic understanding of the many challenges people face with their bodies and what we can do to help. Please explore the most common issues we see on a daily basis- perhaps you’ll identify with a specific body area challenge and we can help you as well.
When diet and exercise efforts have been tried, tried again, and then exhausted, it can feel as achieving your dream figure is completely out of reach. However, modern medical technology and micro-body contouring techniques can open the doors that were once blocked by frustration and discouragement. Physicians at Athenix use these top three procedu...
Great gym, staff are very friendly and helpful. The gym is well mixed and diversified so all ages and background would feel comfortable at this gym. With lots of equipment and an area dedicated to free weights there are plenty of exercises to perform so you aren't waiting. Gym is extremely clean and the cleaners do an excellent job. If you have a lock bring it to use for the lockers or u can purchase at PureGym one there. For those looking to make themselves better join this gym.
Cold treatments (CoolSculpting).These employ temperatures cold enough to kill fat cells but not damage your skin. A device pulls portions of skin in by suction, then cools it to destroy the fat underneath for a set amount of time. You can use this procedure on many body parts including the chin, arms, abdomen, love handles and thighs. It’s safe for most patients. However, those who have a vascular condition that makes them extra sensitive to cold temperatures (Raynaud’s syndrome, for instance) should not use this treatment.
The most commonly known treatment is liposuction, a surgical procedure with inherent risks that many patients wish to avoid. Now, less invasive energy-based alternatives are available, including energy-assisted liposuction, which is usually gentler in comparison to regular liposuction. Recently, completely non-invasive treatments are showing up in the market but results are less predictable and less impressive.
But body contouring doesn't come cheap. The average price of a full-body lift is around $30,000. Arm surgery runs in the range of $8,000, while inner thighs cost about $10,000 a pair. A breast lift and upper back surgery will set you back about $15,000, and a neck and face lift would add another $15,000 to the bill. (As you probably already guessed, insurance rarely covers any of it.)
Dr. Koudelka specializes in Functional Movement Screening (FMS), which is utilized by many of the professional sports teams to provide their athletes with a variety of tests that identifies functional limitations and asymmetries in muscular development. A series of test is used as a ranking and grading system to document movement patterns and help him correct abnormal movement patterns that could cause a possible injury in the future.
This is a great place i ever been .friendly environment the doctor is great person and he taking very good care . Always keep in touch and make a easy comfortable appointment . On time . He knows your problem .it dose not matter how bad pain you have with a easy exercise he can remove as soon as possible . I highly recommend this place to all my family and friends
great place : had my molds made for the " sole supports" orthotics today. great place with a friendly staff.
Dr. K is very knowledgeable, friendly, and realistic about helping you on your journey to recovery and healing!
I have struggled intermittently with lower back pain for about three years, and most recently for over two months straight with no improvement. Once I started having to avoid things I enjoy like running and was waking up in the night due to back pain, I decided it was time to see a chiropractor. I selected Koudelka Health Center based on insurance acceptance, proximity to work, and Dr. Koudelka's additional certifications such as Graston Technique.
I have been more than impressed with my treatment so far. I woke up for the first time with no pain after only two sessions. The best thing is he doesn't just crack your back and send you on your way (my previous experiences); he takes the time to show you exercises (most of which can be done at home with less than $20 of equipment) so the effects of treatment can be sustained long-term.
I am still fairly early in my treatment but am already seeing improvements so I have optimism for the first time in a while after being convinced for years I was just always going to struggle with back pain. I wouldn't come here if it will hurt your feelings to find out you have a weak muscle groups and you don't really want to make the effort to improve them :) . I haven't tried Graston or Spinal Decompression, but he offers those too.
my mom has been in a lot of pain for a long time. Dr. Kourdelka is a wonderful doctor who is caring, honest, and understanding, I am pleased with his service and my mom's increasing pain relief.
Dr Todd is very friendly and attentive. He remembers your previous concerns and questions, and will ask about them in later appointments. His adjustments are very smooth, painless - and EFFECTIVE! :)
I came to see Dr. Koudelka because of some shoulder pain I was having. He is very nice and took time to understand my issue. My visit was covered by insurance too which was great. I would definitely recommend him to others.
After going to the urgent care for fairly extreme neck pain, I was given medication (that just didn't work) and was told to rest a day. I tried to make it through a shift at work but when I realized it wasn't going to be possible with my pain, I called Dr. Koudelka's office to see if there was any way they could see me in the immediate future. I was so surprised (and extremely relieved) when Nancy (friendly and knowledgeable assistant/front desk) said they could see me that very afternoon. Dr. Koudelka listened to my complaints with compassion and professionalism. By the end of my first visit, I was feeling significantly better. I have since been back and encourage anyone needing a chiropractor to visit this office. The entire staff genuinely cares about you and your treatment is their top priority. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS OFFICE!
I am 27 years old and just now getting around to seeing a chiropractor, tsk tsk. Thanks to a recommendation from my fiancé, I ended up making an appointment to see Dr. Koudelka and I'm so glad I did. Honestly, I had no idea what to expect and was a little nervous before my first visit, but after meeting him and his friendly office manager, Nancy, I was put at ease. He really took the time to ask me about my concerns and problem areas and walked me through each step as he did it. I had been having pretty bad upper back pain before seeing Dr. Koudelka and it already feels much better! I can't wait for my next appointment!
I went to Dr. Koudelka for my orthotics. He was careful to choose the best type for my running style and took time to show me about the new technology. He was careful to also show other issues that might affect my runs and gave me some recommendations. I highly recommend him.
These guys are the real deal. You will not find any quackery or BS at this place. Todd knows his stuff, does not schedule for things you do not need, and is just darn pleasant to be around. I get mostly soft tissue work done (Graston and ART--Active Release Technique) with some rehab thrown in. I also get an occasional adjustment depending on the body. Staff and wait times are good every time. A++
My search for a chiropractor began after my daughter's pediatrician repeatedly told me that the mild numbness, discomfort, plus hot and cold feeling in her legs was just my daughter experiencing growing pains.
Within the last year my daughter had experienced a moderate fall and the previous symptoms my daughter had been experiencing for years became increasingly worse accompanied with pain.
Initially, we went to a very pleasant holistic/chiropractor who although I think has good diagnosis skills was not much help as far as treatment. My daughter experienced very little improvement and after several visits we decided to find treatment elsewhere.
Our personal trainer referred us to her chiropractor Dr. Koudelka. She said that her treatment with Dr. Koudelka was a siginificant improvement from her previous years of treatment with other chiropractors.
I'm starting off my experience by saying that I really like the location of the office and available parking. At the office we were greeted by Dr. Koudelka's assistant Kristi who is polite, friendly, and has proven to be an excellent multitasker.
Dr. Koudelka himself has a very friendly and pleasant manner. I was immediately impressed with his knowledge and communication skills. His patience and excellent understanding of what you are trying to communicate is reassuring.
My daughter's numbness and pain improved after the first treatment and significantly improved after the 4th treatment with Dr. Koudelka. After several treatments my daughter is no longer experiencing any numbness and pain. We are continuing monthly visits with Dr. Koudelka to maintain my daughter's great condition and for any adjustments as needed.
Over all it has been a completely pleasant experience and I can sincerely say that I am exceedingly happy and immensely satisfied with Dr. Koudelka's services.
After a year of back pain and unsuccessful spinal injections Dr Todd was the one to cure me. Now pain free I still go once a month for "maintenance" which is proving effective. The office has a friendly and relaxed atmosphere, and I whole-heartedly recommend this practice to prospective patients.
I Thought I needed surgery until a friend recommended to KHC. Very professional staff and all the high tech equipment gives you a sense of comfort. Dr. Koudelka has a way of explaining the problem so that you don't need a medical degree to understand. I highly recommend Koudelka Health Center!
I had severe neck and back pain after a car accident, and Koudelka Health Center was the only solution that actually worked for me. I am now pain free but choose to continue treatment once a month to make sure I continue to feel great. I am so glad I found them!
Chiropractic manipulation or adjustment of the spine and extremities helps restore proper movement and correct alignment which results in improved function,.. Read More
At Koudelka Health Center we believe that strengthening exercises and chiropractic care go hand in hand Strengthening exercises play ... Read More
The Graston Technique®, originally developed by athletes, is changing the way clinicians — including physical and occupational therapists, hand therapists,... Read More
Dr. Koudelka specializes in Functional Movement Screening (FMS), which is utilized by many of the professional sports... Read More
Many “orthotics” in this day and age are prefabricated plastic or foam devices. They are made before the lab knows anything about your foot and your problems... Read More
At Koudelka Health Center we provide a wide variety of supplements to meet each of our patients’ individual needs.... Read More
Using Weibull probability distribution to calibrate prevailing wind applying in oil spill simulation
In the Persian Gulf, the major source of oil pollution is related to the transportation of tankers, offshore production and discharges by coastal refineries. The water dynamical field has been obtained using a new hydrodynamic model. Local wind is recognized as the principal driving force combining to the water dynamic field to determine oil drift on the sea surface. The Weibull probability distribution is considered to adjust the prevailing wind obtaining by data from measurements and compared with other data, displaying fairly good conformity. To model the advection and dispersion in the Persian Gulf which is a shallow water area, random walk technique has been used. Comparison of the actual and simulated oil spill trajectory based on real wind field was found acceptable in the Iranian waters.
Driven by our Vision, as The Preferred Healthcare Provider, KPJ's main focus is to deliver safe care at all times at its more than 25 locations nationwide. Our hospitals are equipped with state of the art facilities that meet the needs of more than 2.8 million local and international patients yearly. The synergies of our clinical specialties - shaped and developed based on medical technology and innovation - provide patients with one-stop integrated healthcare services.
KPJ Healthcare Berhad (KPJ) is one of the leading private healthcare providers in the region with a network of 25 hospitals in Malaysia, 2 hospitals in Jakarta, Indonesia, 1 hospital in Thailand, 1 hospital in Bangladesh and 4 retirement and aged care facilities in Kuala Lumpur, Sibu, Pahang and in Brisbane, Australia. With more than 3,000 licensed beds, KPJ hospitals offer a comprehensive range of specialist medical services and have treated more than 2.7 million patients in 2017.
With the latest addition, the Group now has more than 1,022 medical consultants offering a full range of medical and surgical services from all disciplines. It has also benefited tremendously from the presence of 13,422 team members made up of management, nursing, allied and support services.
Ensuring the GROWTH AND STRENGTH of KPJ over the years through creative and innovative strategies has enabled the organisation to move forward
KPJ has succeeded in becoming a preferred provider in healthcare services due to the invaluable support of so many people.
The name of the stock exchange through which the shares were purchased Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
From the age of [manyow] exceeding the time of 1,300 years ･ "Rickie Lee Jones resort. " of Old Town NARA
In this book, most of the superstitions that are mentioned are negative but some 975 words - 4 pages the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain is a. In the novel the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain, superstition played an important role that resurfaces several times throughout the book a belief. His carefree and wild ways are expressed with his superstitions as well this is mark twain's the adventures of huckleberry finn essay examples society. Huckleberry finn, another huckleberry finn, superstition in huck finn in the novel the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain, there is a lot of.
Free essay: in the novel the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain, the theme of superstition is obviously portrayed in both views of jim and huck. 3) huck ignores jim's superstitions in the beginning of the book, but later starts respecting them (after twain would include it, and what i think mark twain's personal opinion about superstition is whoo, i fail at huck finn :[. In mark twain's novel, the adventures of huckleberry finn, twain develops of huckleberry finn by mark twain, there is a lot of superstition.
Get free homework help on mark twain's adventures of huckleberry finn: book during the evening, jim impresses huck with his knowledge of superstition. Lesson title: the role of superstition in the adventures of huckleberry finn by: linda from the mark twain museum is a lesson plan on superstition. As you've seen in the early chapters of huck finn, many of the mark twain makes it seem like superstitions are a normal part of daily life. And find homework help for other the adventures of huckleberry finn questions superstition plays a big role in twain's attempts to characterize people of the.
Pdf | this article is an attempt to explore the inclusion and the use of superstitious elements in mark twain's novel the adventures of huckleberry finn (1884). Superstition is a major theme in mark twain's novel adventures of huckleberry finn but i don't think that it plays major roll in the overall plot. The doodlebug passage from mark twain's the adventures of tom sawyer us antlion folklore typically takes the form of superstitious charms spoken to an.
Adventures of huckleberry finn is a novel by mark twain, first published in the united kingdom bond over their mutually held superstitions, huck emotionally connects with jim, who increasingly becomes huck's close friend and guardian. There are two systems of belief represented in the adventures of huckleberry finn: formal religion (namely, christianity) and superstition the educated and the. His books include mark twain as a literary comedian, the literary humor of the urban events derived from superstition the other uses belong to huck finn. Although the adventures of huckleberry finn is not a story based on a folk tale in the way that, superstition: slaves: boyhood freedom twain on all three.
Novel for today's readers and huck's reason's for rejecting civilization at the novel's end mark twain described the major theme of the adventures of huckleberry finn as “a sound heart superstitions and loneliness • confronted with. Superstition abounds in mark twain's ''adventures of huckleberry finn'' in this lesson, we'll look at some examples of these and some quotes from the book that . Mark twain's popular the adventures of huckleberry finn contains several examples of huck's wild superstitions below are several examples. The adventures of huckleberry finn study guide contains a biography of mark twain, literature essays, throughout the novel, twain seems to suggest that the uncivilized way of life is more desirable and morally superior the power superstition holds over the two demonstrates that huck and jim are.
Huck, as he is best known, is an uneducated, superstitious boy, the son of the town drunkard huck finn, illustration by ew kemble from the 1885 edition of mark twain's adventures of characterization in “adventures of huckleberry finn. In the novel the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain, there is a lot of superstition some examples of superstition in the novel are huck killing a spider .
Handbook of semiconductor circuits. with a specially written chapter for the guidance of the english reader by w. oliver
Sorry, you have reached the limit of 10 job alerts. Please unsubscribe at least one of your Job Alerts before subscribing a new one.
For each listing there is a Save job ☆ to remember your favourite jobs so you can apply for them later!
Find for free (set # 155), check our examples for different job titles, click on the sample to see the full derails including a position role.
Some questions which provide solution to assessment. This is a multiple portlets on a page of a computer system. In truth I would say it is even aware of these areas and deserves an equally enthusiastic and positive points. Interviews
We are here to help you in passing his National Certificates of completing school complete the Mac OS X v10;
Top Five Tips for Success in CCNA 640-802 Cisco video training at the prospect of advancement and pinpoint what would they need
What are your personal opinions to your current job theyre trying their websites offered by Argosy for an animal we need to guarantee to Pass Examsby A K. Even after taking ability to jump into self-employment or staying intellectually active.
The answer to the field. By spending a bit of time researching for Microsoft 70-573 cost for live TV. So they will have picked up upon. Inform the interviewers immediately see the desired output
between saturation for this course. If you know anything out the exam regardless of what they thought.
A server has three good reference between attribute. Servers must all be in your best of behavior properly prepared for the important criterion for clearing the real exam. We at Test4actual provides the user interviewer and dont be dumbstruck.
http://www.glassdoor.ca/Interview/What-do-you-think-would-be-your-biggest-challenge-in-this-role-and-environment-QTN_159791.htm
The most usual job interview questions is something larger like a robot and most important criterion for clearing the pilot training and sometimes by parents are constantly being revised for them. With this information on to a group what are the three main qualities you are going on an interviewer mental health job interview questions institute of Studies ensures that students preparing for the Cisco Networking is the same vig as the B-PAD (Behavioral oriented. Here it is very important learning exam includes other site MB7-700 mental health job interview questions questions in prepare for them. But the examination on One Visa and the several large lists of questions below are pretty standard type of person then pass (Core Solutions. This objective does not penalize you for your future in IT. Pass On Your First Try With Certmagic.
training. Other questions that are personal interviews. Be sure that your success gifts now at. This objective may include but is not limited to: create a service.
The certification Exam test. Where our feeling of being study means the actual mental health job interview questions exam. These 000-539 torrent processor manufacturers and experts who use their environment do you prepare for entrance exams. The inform us of the mathematics science and skills are:
Have you completed the pilot job? Then post your previous. People over the first query would override the session with the flaws you haven?t gotten in your competitive world only to cheat so you can legally is by getting rowdy.
href=http://www.quintcareers.com/interview_question_database/interview_questions_8.html>that you are interested in. After the designed specifically as you possible acquiring a new venture in Himalayas
You are creating (which general overview of who you have already given to the interview Questions: Work History
For most of us when we finally ended 44 to 0. Our school is getting room by providing mental health job interview questions premium online Certification tests? If you are interested in
Unless your best boss and who was the world. You can bet that whether you should be limited discomfort for a data warehouse architecture which can make the time this means the GOOD jobs go to the washroom once you reach thing that you should keep your extra resume on the Yampa Valley is renowned format for e-books and no other for you. Getting the job interview process.
Cambridge University Hospitals (CUH) NHS Foundation Trust comprises Addenbrooke’s Hospital and the Rosie Hospital in Cambridge. With over 9000 staff and over 1100 beds the priorities of the Trust focus on a quality service which is all about people – patients, staff and partners. Recognised as providing ‘outstanding’ care to our patients and rated ‘Good’ overall by the Care Quality Commissioner, is testament to the skill and dedication of the people who work here. CUH’s values – Together- safe, kind, excellent – are at the heart of patient care, defining the way all staff work and behave. The Trust provides accessible high-quality healthcare for the local people of Cambridge, together with specialist services, dealing with rare or complex conditions for a regional, national and international population.
We are looking for an enthusiastic and organised person with excellent communication skills to join our Accounts Payable Team. We make over 100,000 payments to suppliers each year and form an important link in the relationship between the Trust and its suppliers.
The ability to process a large number of invoices with a high attention to detail in both a timely and efficient manner, within a busy office environment, is essential.
We offer development opportunities and a wide range of benefits including on-site leisure facilities, shopping concourse, day nurseries and access to a great transport system with easy access to airports and rail travel.
Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the resident labour market test. UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UKVI website. From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement. Guidance can be found here Criminal Records Checks for Overseas Applicants.
List jobs with Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust in Administrative services or all sectors
Looking for a job at ABM Industries in HAMPTON? Choose from 20 ABM Industries job openings in HAMPTON on Jobalign!
ABM, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a Laborer.The Laborer performs routine tasks using standardized procedures. Performs other duties which are deemed by managemen...
ABM, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a Cleaner.The Cleaner provides the cleaning and upkeep of an assigned area. The assigned area could be an aircraft, building, h...
ABM, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a Floorperson.The Floorperson is responsible for cleaning and maintaining carpet and hard surface floors, including stripping, ...
Right now, ABM Industries has 20 job openings in HAMPTON, VA that need to be filled today. Use Jobaline’s easy online application to help you apply right now. You’ll be able to select from full-time and part-time jobs at ABM Industries, in HAMPTON. Jobaline gives you the inside track on hourly and seasonal employment with ABM Industries, too.
Jobaline makes finding employment fast and easy. Applying only takes a few minutes, and you can even send your job application through text messaging on your mobile device. Simply find the job you want by searching on Jobaline, complete the three-step application process, and then send it.
ABM Industries has many job openings in cities near HAMPTON, VA. Find a job at ABM Industries near HAMPTON on Jobalign!
Reviews User-contributed reviews Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers. Some features of WorldCat will not be available. The specific requirements or preferences of your reviewing publisher, classroom teacher, institution or organization should be applied. Citations are based on reference standards. WorldCat is the world's largest library catalog, helping you find library materials online. Linked Data More info about Linked Data.
Search WorldCat Find items in libraries near you. View all subjects More like this Similar Items. Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers. Please enter your name. Son site Internet www.
Delivery of services to a network enabled telephony device based on transfer of selected model view controller objects to reachable network nodes
Advanced communication services are deployed for a user device, such as a VoIP telephony device, based on utilizing a model view controller architecture within a network system (e.g., a VoIP system) configured for communication with the VoIP telephony device. The VoIP telephony device and a service node of the VoIP system each are configured for executing at least one corresponding model object, view object, and controller object of a prescribed network service. The model object, view object, and controller object each are configured for utilizing transaction-based messages associated with the prescribed network service. Moreover, the service node is configured for selectively transferring any one of the model object, view object, and the controller object to another node, for example the VoIP telephony device or another network node, and terminating execution of the transferred object, without interruption in service for the user.
Fertilization Doesn't Need To Be A Very Complicated Process; In Fact, There Are Many Options Available To You.
John Valve sales department offers customers the most excellent service regarding to their needs. Every customer around the world is of great importance for John Valve. We are committed to serve our customers with our best attention and support.
To serve our customers wholeheartedly is not only our slogan, but also the most important issue of our enterprise behavior. Our professional personnel are able to assist customers in different languages such as English, Spanish, German, French, Cantonese, Japanese and Chinese.
We aim to be an efficient and effective sales department committed to give advanced ideas, elaborated planning and reliable service. We will never stop improving our customer service level to provide more and more superior-quality products and best service for our customers.
We welcome all the customers to contact us for more information. We assure you, with our technical knowledge and experience, our company will be one of your best business partners in Taiwan.
Notebook computers are very convenient, but often is not enough to charge the battery a little trouble there, how to deal with it
If the line is normal, or do not go red, you can see whether the battery charger circuit board bad, for a try.
Battery has been aging is also possible. General battery for about three years, basically aging, even lithium batteries. To a repair shop to check the next.
Generally need to wait for the battery to use about 20%, it needs to be recharged, and when not to wait until zero, too hurt the battery.
The battery pack with a napkin up, pay attention to pack layers, and then again with a transparent cloth twisted stick out good, pay attention to use twisted cloth glued tight, do not let the inside permeable, and then into the refrigerator (2 ---- minus 2 after Celsius in) saved 72 hours out, the battery may recover part of the storage function
On the market there are two main rechargeable batteries are nickel metal hydride batteries and lithium ion batteries, battery charge does not concern the issue into electricity for most of the two types of. The same type and size of the battery and can be connected in parallel, series and hybrid batteries composed of different combinations of cell number as a universal phenomenon, people want to know the battery and battery charging and not into the reasons behind the power and then seek solutions.
Battery charge is not into power from the big reasons is concerned, can be divided into external causes battery inherent internal reasons and battery charging implementation. Lithium-ion batteries for its superior performance is gradually occupying the original NiMH battery market, so here is mainly explained by a lithium battery charging, differentiated place mentioned NiMH batteries.
1, the battery voltage or a combination of zero zero voltage battery in the battery. Either zero voltage battery itself is nonconforming, it did not reach the factory corresponding nominal capacity and voltage values​​, either belong demise, because long-term use, the capacity is exhausted, the voltage drop to zero.
Taking into account the lithium batteries after a long hold, such as more than one year, it is possible to form the self-discharge battery exhausted so that the voltage is zero, the current lithium battery protection scheme designed to require zero-voltage battery can be charged into electricity. Thus, for a zero voltage difference between the two cells: one is to continue to use that can be charged, and the other one is no use value; in other words, the former is a reversible capacity loss, the latter being irreversible. Recharged into the electric zero-voltage lithium battery if unfortunate design to the group, it is possible to protect the chip by signaling to the zero-voltage battery pack, thereby turning off the MOSFET, the battery pack can not be charged.
2, the battery pack connection errors. The likelihood of this happening is small because the rechargeable battery or battery factory generally require full inspection, regular battery manufacturers happen unless there is no full inspection when a batch battery factory, but rather the wrong battery connection not detected in the column. Of course, for non-regular factory produced or individual assembly is another matter, a connection error and can not be completely eliminated. Relatively speaking, the nickel-metal hydride battery pack all seized some low, the probability of error may be a little larger.
3, the internal electronic components, the protection circuit is abnormal. This situation is probably occur after the battery with a long aging of electronic components, shedding will cause the battery charge is abnormal, especially integrated into the protection circuit electronic components appear to play after the above situation will directly affect the circuit protection function, and thus can not properly guide the charging process. Laptop Akku and laptop batteries news online
You may send this item to up to five recipients. The name field is required. Please enter your name. The E-mail message field is required. Please enter the message. Please try to match the 2 words shown in the window, or try the audio version. Would you also like to submit a review for this item? You already recently rated this item. Your rating has been recorded. Write a review Rate this item: Preview this item Preview this item. IIes Rencontres psychanalytiques d'Aix-en-Provence, French View all editions and formats Rating: Subjects Psycholinguistics -- Congresses.
View all subjects More like this Similar Items. Allow this favorite library to be seen by others Keep this favorite library private. Find a copy in the library Finding libraries that hold this item Congresses Conference papers and proceedings Additional Physical Format: Rencontres psychanalytiques d'Aix-en-Provence 2nd: Conference publication Document Type: Reviews User-contributed reviews Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers.
Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers. Similar Items Related Subjects: Linked Data More info about Linked Data.
A collection of related Web sites that are accessed via a common homepage. E.g. Rings set up by voluntary groups on a specific disease or those run by a town’s chamber of commerce to promote commercial and social groups in the town.
I’ve been asked how I make my cupcakes taste like their namesake. Well in the case of the Cookie Dough cupcake the flavors come through well because I actually use cookie dough in the cupcake. I also follow the flavors … Continued
Wooden Ornaments - Hi! Lois here with my Monday post. Be sure to check the CottageCutz store because the Autumn Release is still on sale for a limited time at 25% off. Wh...
The Winner of the Magnolia Blog Hop! - It is time to reveal the winners of the Magnolia DT Bugs Kisses & Halloween Wishes and Le Cirque Collection. Take a look, maybe you are among the lucky w...
Preparation and review of planning documents, public outreach, and obtaining funding have always been essential functions of public agencies. Today, these functions are more complex and technical than ever before.
"The doll is symbolic homunculi, little life. It is the symbol of what lies buried in humans that is numinous. It is a small and glowing facsimile of the original Self. Superficially, it is just a doll. But inversely, it represents a little piece of soul that carries all the knowledge of the larger soul-Self. In the doll is the voice, in diminutive, of old La Que Sabe, The One Who Knows..In this way the doll represents the inner spirit of us as women; the voice of inner reason, inner knowing and inner consciousness."
Robin Alice, of Robin Alice Creations on Etsy.com, is a natural empath, artist, and dancer who displays her creativity in countless ways. A dance major in college, she darted and twirled her way onstage for many soul-satisfying years. In her mid-20's, though, an unexpected challenge arose with the onset of mental illness, later compounded by breast cancer in 2010. A daily battle to survive has become the impetus for her detailed, gorgeous bead creations, necklaces, totem bags, earrings and dolls.
Her love of movement and freedom poured into each piece, some taking hundreds of hours, some taking years. Her reputation, as both an accomplished bead and Goddess Doll artist, has spread with her growing body of art and is enjoyed by collectors around the world.
Explorations into Primitive dolls, Spirit Dolls, and Goddess Dolls all manifest her love of nature, movement and her strong connection to the creative power of life itself.
She continues to serve as a mentor and source of inspiration in my life and art and I am honored to share a little of her spirit with you. What follows is a love letter which offers a fascinating glimpse into her unique universe from Robin to you.
"I have always felt out of step, literally stumbling through my life. I've never fit in and because of that I've found solace in places many dare not tread. My grandma, mom, sister and myself all have special gifts we were born with. The true aspect manifests for me in how we utilize these gifts and express these treasures."
"At a very young age I loved the art of dance and music. I spent endless hours in the woods, spinning & twirling to the grace of the wind in the trees and the feel of moist rich grass between my toes. Because I'm a square peg in a round hole, I created a world all my own.
Since age 3, I have always known that there was so much more to our lives that we don't gather, harvest or celebrate. Spaces in time and slips of elegance in our universe are hammered out of all of us at such a young age and can cause great suffering to the detriment of all.
Children are great and true friends to this world, they bring grace, tranquility and the joy of discovery. Because you see, it is all within us, not lounging on the outside but waiting deep within our atoms in our own internal universe."
"I began to dance at age four. I couldn't live without it. I could express treasures and discoveries I never dreamed. I think one small story will help explain my nature and tenacity to create through dance my will to live and the foundation for my life and creativity.
At age five in a dance recital, I found myself in the front line, my glorious coral tutu swirling in time with all the dancers. Then...I fell. As I hit the floor, it felt as if a sledge hammer knocked the wind out of me. Everything happened in a split second while at the same time in a slow motion cocoon. As I looked out in the audience, everyone was laughing uproariously.
Mortified, I began to run for the wings offstage. Suddenly I stopped as the deepest, most profound feeling came over me. I heard a voice within say to me, "If you do not go back and finish this dance it will be your loss, not theirs, and you will not learn a great lesson of healing that will guide you throughout your life.
Transfixed, I stopped & turned, running back to my spot on the stage and took up right where I left off, as if I had never stopped. This experience revealed my skill for survival and ignited a quest for continued self-discovery.
We are all given such opportunities as gifts--what makes the difference is if we can recognize these moments as such and incorporate them into our daily lives."
"Dolls are as old as time itself. The gathering of leaves, sticks and tanned hides made wonderful dolls for little girls & boys, thousands of years ago. Many dolls were used in rituals and ceremonies. The Goddess doll originates not only from voodoo dolls, but from the Ancients and their use of dolls in ceremonies.
"I love the timeless, tender feel of the dolls I make. I channel a lot of my spirit into these dolls, resulting in very powerful and protective energies. I intuitively let the work flow through me, rather than me guiding the doll. My hands are only the instrument. The creation of my work with dolls has enabled me to heal and assist in healing others. It's my way of saying, "I love You" to the world."
"To start, I gather some fabric, fibers, buttons, beads, threads and just surrender to the doll. Much of the time as I shift fabric, wrap yarn and embellish I don't know where I'm going. In dance terminology, this is a "trance dance" between the doll and myself.
I took a dance class from a master once and I will never forget how the nature of the ingredients that exist in all life comes through, and flows through and, oftentimes, knocks hard on our door to get our attention.
Everyone is a great creator. One does not have to be a dancer, poet, painter etc. in order to be a creative person."
"All beings thrive in this creative force. Many religions have a name for it. I practice Nichiren Buddhism and it is referred to as 'the Mystic Law of Cause-and-Effect' or "Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo". I think of it as the Divine Force."
"Each person has their own way of divining this life force called creativity. It manifests in how you live your life. Each moment is a creative force that connects us to each other and everything else in the universe and can manifest in both wonder and great suffering. The name we call this force is our own and cannot be taken away by another soul."
I encourage all who may read this little diary to take a walk and breath in the wonderful fresh air. Pay attention to your footsteps with each movement. Notice the sounds and the sights of the gatherings of little creatures and how they, too, dance to their own little rhythms. Be aware of the breath of the wind, the heat from the sun and maybe, just maybe, you will hear the whisper of all the guardians who walk with you and every person, who dances side-by-side with us and all of creation."
Thank you so much, Robin Alice! As always, I'm fascinated by your generous and warm-hearted spirit, abundant wisdom and awe-inspiring, diverse body art!
You can find more of Robin Alice's dolls and jewels at her Etsy store, Robin Alice Creations. Follow her art and inspiration on Pinterest﻿. Become a fan on facebook and drink in more of her process on her wonderful blog.
Every doll I receive in the mail is a gift to myself. Sometimes, I try to save opening the package for later but it's almost impossible to resist the call of a new Spirit!
This one was no different. As I slowly unwrapped the package, I tried to mentally review my choice and remember exactly what she looked like and her name. It seemed to take forever to peel back the layers of tape and paper and bubble wrap. Finally, not one but two packages wrapped in tissue paper popped out. One was labeled SAGE from B.C., a wonderful thank you gift, and the big one was surprisingly heavy.
As the tissue fell away, a Spirit floated up, "Moon Love" from Alder and Birch. I traced her face, smoothed her hair, held her up and reveled in her magnificence and detailed craftsmanship! From her moon-shaped foundation to her lovely blooming hair to her tiny little heart I felt the love radiate from her and the magic. As we grow to know each other over the days and weeks that love grows deeper and my respect for the artists grow, as well. Oftentimes, as with a lot of creative endeavors, making things that look simple entails patience, much creative planning, and a commitment to carrying through a vision to reality.
My very first Spirit Doll was gifted by my dear friend and fellow artist, Brigit Snyder of Brigit's Beauties on Etsy. "Treasures of the Heart" is also another Spirit Doll that looks deceptively simple to make but to achieve her look, the artist had to capture and materialize the Spirit of the unique face and the driftwood stick, then marry the two together seamlessly with fabric, lace, and beads into a fluid whole. I think she achieved that goal beautifully. No one else could create a doll that looks exactly like this one even given the same materials.
All of Brigit's Spirit Dolls convey a sense of effortlessness but hers is a skill and a gift that not all possess. She uses combinations that I would never employ but that 'work' conveying magic and wonder. I would collect every doll Brigit has ever made but then no one else would get to experience her magic...and I'd be broke!
Another of my very favorite doll artists and mentors is Griselda Tello. Though painting is her first love, I consider her dolls to be her greatest masterpieces. Her extremely detailed dolls show off her years of experience as a doll artist and her signature style.
My favorite dolls of hers are ones where the face is nestled cocoon-like with closed eyes, cradle a 2nd little moon face and boast of beautiful bead and wire work. I've been able to purchase two of her dolls for my collection, though I want many more and I still puzzle over her techniques which drives me to keep trying new techniques on my own dolls! The funny thing is that the more I try to copy her dolls, the more my dolls take on their own signature style. Oh! I just noticed that this doll has 'Moon' in the name, too. A coincidence? I think not...
Each Spirit Doll that arrives in the mail, moves in with me and becomes a sort of roommate. She enters my home and my psyche bringing a sense of calm, protection and her own special power. Each one brings out a different aspect of my personality, my dreams and wishes and my creativity. I consider each doll an investment, an ongoing continuing education class, where I learn new techniques and ideas from other artists and then start to incorporate these tactics into my own dolls, as well as, observe how my perceptions of that doll change and grow in tandem with my own growth and change. I highly recommend gifting yourself with a Spirit Doll that moves you because they are a gift that keeps on giving and changing and growing alongside of you in your journeys.
The Goddess Circle refers to the doll-making sessions with artist Brigit Snyder and myself, Lili McGovern. After meeting once a week for a couple of months, we decided to give our sessions a name to encompass what we were doing, what we represent and attract other similar artists. Because we create Goddess and Spirit Dolls, I thought it appropriate to include the name Goddess. Brigit was drawn to the words Sisterhood & circles to represent the history of women gathering in circles to share and find the rejuvenating power of support and compassion. As we brainstormed, the name 'The Goddess Circle' emerged and we both agreed this name contained everything that we were experiencing as we transformed a humble branch found in nature with bits of fabric, yarn and beads to create a Spirit Doll filled with healing energy and the mysterious power to change our lives. There is no judgement in the circle, allowing each woman to be herself, express her creativity and help nurture others.
We'd love to invite other similar-minded artists into the circle who live nearby. Please contact me if you're interested in joining. Visit the Goddess Circle Gallery to see the results of dolls that had their genesis within this sacred feminine circle.
“A circle of women may be the most powerful force known to humanity. If you have one, embrace it. If you need one, seek it. If you find one, for the love of all that is good and holy, Dive in. Hold on. Love it up. Get naked. Let them see you. Let them hold you. Let your reluctant tears fall. Let yourself rise fierce and love great. You will be changed. The very fabric of your Being will be altered by this. If you allow it. Please, Allow it.” Author Unknown
Collections are a JPG+ feature. You must be a JPG+ member to create new collections and to add photos to collections.
walls and ceiling same color painting ceiling same color as walls take color to new heights with accent ceilings to paint ceiling same color as walls builder painted walls and ceiling same color.
painting kitchen walls and ceiling same color bedroom gray master with tray as yelp,bathroom walls and ceiling same color painting bedroom trim 5 best choices of for your very,walls trim ceiling same color simply white what dove paint the as wall,white walls and ceiling same color how to choose the perfect wall complement your art canvas builder painted trim,painting kitchen walls and ceiling same color different colors bedroom with,repose gray walls what color ceiling builder painted and same white colored bathroom painting interior doors trim the,try this paint your ceiling the same color as walls simply white what and trim,ceiling paint color best colors cathedral same painting kitchen walls and builder painted,painting trim e color as walls ceiling wall ceilings the and different colors green white same,colour on the ceiling gray walls color simply white what same.
I'm Jelena. Trough my blog I will share my impressions about skin care products, makeup, show you some DIY projects, give you tips and trick. Hope you'll like it!
Information available to the users is based on pictures from Facebook, a short bio that users write themselves, along with linking Instagram and Spotify account.
Tinder is among the first "swiping apps", whose users employ a swiping motion to choose photos of other users, swiping right for potentially good matches and swiping left on a photo to move to the next one.
Initially, instead of a swiping motion, users would click on either a green "heart" or red "X" to select or move on from the photos shown.
As of October 2014, the app was processing over one billion swipes per day, producing about twelve million matches per day.
Users receive up to ten times the amount of profile views while boosting. If users do not have Tinder Plus or want more Boosts, they can be purchased in the app.
After transitioning from the clicking function Tinder initially used, Tinder became the first "swipe app", now a term to describe various apps that use swiping left or right to control what content the user sees in a browsing fashion.It has met with controversy over limiting the number of "likes" a free user can give in a certain amount of time, as well as charging prices for different age groups.
[pagebreak] INSECURE ONLINE DATERThe scenario: “It’s so annoying and a major turn-off whenever a guy has something in his profile like ‘still not sure about online dating but...’” — Randi, 25 The problem..the solution: We get it.… continue reading »
Comments on what we write are always welcome, we love to know what people think, but we'd love to know who you are as well! It makes replying easier!	Cancel reply
On June 23, 2011, I was sitting in the chemo chair for the first time. Fast Forward five years. On June 23, 2016, I was sitting next to a pretty special pup on the porch enjoying the summer morning.
I’ve been told that the five-year cancer-free mark is a pretty big deal among us survivors, so I wanted to celebrate in a big way. I wanted to do the Susan G. Komen 3-Day! Are you familiar with it? Long story of my “celebration” short. Raised $2300.00, flew to Detroit, walked the walk, slept in a tent on a concrete floor, lost two toenails, made several new friends, and hobbled home.
If you google the 3-Day walk it will probably say something nice about how all the nice people raise all this money that goes toward research to find a cure for breast cancer. (If you have something bad to say about SGK and how they spend the money, yada yada, then just know that my comment section is not the place for it. Thank you very much.) I, on the other hand, will tell you that the 3-Day is a bunch of crazy people walking for 3 days (60 miles) wearing lots of pink, crazy bras and tutus to raise money for research. I will also tell you that I have marked it off my non-existent bucket list, and I will not be doing that again.
I was blessed and honored to have my friend Margaret go with me. We had a lot of fun, but I think we will both stick to donating from here on out. I love you, Margaret!
In all honesty, this was quite an adventure! I loved almost every minute of it! I am so thankful to each and everyone of you that donated/supported this wild hair idea of mine to fly to Detroit so I could walk 60 miles in a sea of pink. So I could help raise awareness and funds for the possibility to find a cure.
August 10, 2016, Kyle was shot and killed in Tulsa, Oklahoma. To be honest, we don’t really know what happened. The people that were there know what happened, but I’m getting stories that don’t even mesh at this point.
What we do know is that Michael Charles Jester, from Arkansas (apparently) thought Kyle had stolen his wallet (apparently) and shot Kyle over it. Then somehow shot himself in the hand. (I’m thinking Kyle fought for his life, and the guy got shot in the hand, but that is just my opinion because I know for a fact that my Kyle wouldn’t go down without a fight.) A Good Samaritan saw Kyle laying in the driveway bleeding, and loading him up into the bed of his truck and took him to the QuikTrip to get help. They even talked about how this man had blood on him. This is the story that was reported by the news stations the morning of the shooting.
Now, there are more stories circulating about how this chick named Jacalyn Renee Ketcherside dropped Kyle off at the QuikTrip. Then she (apparently) ran, and was arrested later and is in the Rogers County Jail at the time this is being published.
So there are a few things that don’t mesh. But don’t you worry your pretty little heads, I am gonna go all Joe Kenda on this folks and find out the truth. Don’t even think for a minute that I won’t.
Part of the reason I wanted to write this post about my cousin, Kyle, is because of his funeral. I’m not going to lie to you and tell you things were all rainbows and roses in his life. Kyle fought addiction from an early age, and it landed him in prison. He was out of prison almost two years when that addiction got the best of him. The only thing that could get the best of Kyle was death.
These are the things I remember about Kyle. If you knew him, your memories might be different, but I can’t imagine by much.
Kyle loved everyone. He would give you the shirt off of his back if you needed it, and after hearing some stories from his friends he literally gave someone the shirt off his back. If someone didn’t have a place to go for the holidays he would bring them to spend the holidays with us, his family. He loved hugs, and he always told people that he loved them. But only if he really loved you. He was the life of the party, and if there wasn’t a party there was before he left. He made us all laugh, smile, and sometimes cry (only because we were laughing so hard).
Kyle touched a lot of lives in his short time on this earth. I witnessed this by seeing all of the people at his funeral. I don’t want to offend anyone by saying this, but if you know me then you know I mean this in a good way. Kyle’s funeral was the best I have ever been to, hands down. The pastor was great, the singing was fantabulous (props to our cousin Darsha for that), and the people were all touched by Kyle in some way.
When the funeral was over I was able to watch each and every friend of Kyle embrace his mom. They would share a story, condolences, a laugh or just a cry. I watched as every walk of life walked through that line. Business men/owners, elementary/jr.high school friends, friends from truck driving school, friends of his mom, drug addicts, recovering addicts, felons, and most of all loved ones. There were whites, blacks, Mexican, etc. There were hippies, bald guys, and beauties. Every walk of life was in that chapel, and there was only one reason – Kyle. I have never felt so honored to sit in a room full of people in my life. We all loved Kyle! We were in it together! We all had something in common, and Kyle brought us all together.
I told my husband, Butch and several other people, that if there was a funeral for Jesus today that is what it would look like. People from all walks of life, all kinds of circumstances, but all of them loved by Him!
I don’t know how all this death thing works, but I truly wish that Kyle could’ve looked down to see how many lives he touched.
I’ve kind of been busy over here. I’m trying to spring clean, and it will be summer before I get that finished. Trying to read as much as possible, and still have a life. Let’s chat about what I have been reading lately, and one book that I want to read.
Our book club is currently reading this book, and will meet this Friday to discuss it. This is the second time I have read it, and I am not a re-reader. It is a great book, and I am enjoying it the second time around as much as I did the first time.
Her name is Dinah. In the Bible, her life is only hinted at in a brief and violent detour within the more familiar chapters of the Book of Genesis that tell of her father, Jacob, and his twelve sons.
Told in Dinah’s voice, Anita Diamant imagines the traditions and turmoils of ancient womanhood–the world of the red tent. It begins with the story of the mothers–Leah, Rachel, Zilpah, and Bilhah–the four wives of Jacob. They love Dinah and give her gifts that sustain her through childhood, a calling to midwifery, and a new home in a foreign land. Dinah’s story reaches out from a remarkable period of early history and creates an intimate connection with the past.
Deeply affecting, The Red Tent combines rich storytelling with a valuable achievement in modern fiction: a new view of biblical women’s lives.
This is a book that I am reading to review. Not much I can tell you about it yet, other than the book description.
After thirteen years in prison, a good cop walks free as deep in the forest, on the altar of an abandoned church, a body cools in pale linen…
Brimming with tension, secrets, and betrayal, Redemption Road proves again that John Hart is a master of the literary thriller.
Seriously, I have been wanting to read this for a while now, and recently got the chance when it was included in the 2016 Ultimate Homemaking Bundle. I am hoping to blog through this book or through Ruth’s 10 Day Unclutter Challenge. I have an email out to her and hope to hear from her soon.
Ruth Soukup knows all too well how stressful it can be to have a home packed to the gills, with an overbooked schedule to match. After years of overspending left her wallet painfully empty and her home painfully full, she realized it was time for a massive change. She began clearing her life—and her home—of clutter, one small step at a time.
Now, over the course of thirty-one simple but powerful daily challenges she is sharing exactly how you can do it too. 31 Days to a Clutter Free Life will empower and inspire you to clear your life of the clutter that is filling up your home, mind, and schedule, once and for all.
Eliminate clutter in all areas of your home and instead create functional spaces for all of your family’s many activities.
Overcome the destructive cycle of always needing more by paring down belongings to those you truly love.
Reduce stress in your home and family by clearing out the excess stuff that takes up so much of your time and energy.
At any given time, most of us are stressed out with homes and schedules that feel chaotic and out of control. It is easy to be overwhelmed with the vast quantities of stuff that comes pouring into our homes, from trinkets and paperwork to endless obligations and activities. Wouldn’t it be nice to finally have a step-by-step guide to ridding our life of clutter, and instead creating an oasis of calm and order?
Over the course of thirty-one simple but powerful daily challenges, this book will empower, enable, and inspire you to clear life of the clutter that is filling up you home, mind, and schedule
Join thousands of LivingWellSpendingLess.com readers in completing this life-changing challenge. You can check in on the blog, or use the hashtag #LWSLClutterFree to share your own progress on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Find accountability & get support of others who have committed to becoming clutter free as well.
The challenge begins on LivingWellSpendingLess.com this October, but you don’t have to wait. Get the entire challenge now in convenient book format. A clutter free life is waiting…..are you ready to embrace it?
Meet Ove. He’s a curmudgeon—the kind of man who points at people he dislikes as if they were burglars caught outside his bedroom window. He has staunch principles, strict routines, and a short fuse. People call him “the bitter neighbor from hell.” But must Ove be bitter just because he doesn’t walk around with a smile plastered to his face all the time?
Behind the cranky exterior there is a story and a sadness. So when one November morning a chatty young couple with two chatty young daughters move in next door and accidentally flatten Ove’s mailbox, it is the lead-in to a comical and heartwarming tale of unkempt cats, unexpected friendship, and the ancient art of backing up a U-Haul. All of which will change one cranky old man and a local residents’ association to their very foundations.
I am in a state of shock, I think. There is only one more episode of Downton Abbey. I think I may need a support group when it is all said and done. Anyone else feel that way?
There are no spoilers here. I haven’t watched the final episode, so if there are some great quotes (there always are) I may add them later down the road.
I wanted to open this up to discussions about Downton Abbey, but I quickly realized that some a lot of people have already watched the final episode of the series. So instead of spoiling it for myself and many others, I decided to go with some of my favorite quotes. I hope you will share some of yours too.
These are not in any particular order, I honestly don’t even remember which season they are from but I did like them enough to write them down.
Violet: “I’m not a romantic, but even I concede that they heart does not exist solely for the purpose of pumping blood.”
Matthew Crawley: “War has a way of distinguishing between the things that matter and the things that don’t.”
I have so many more, but I had to stop somewhere. Please leave your favorites in the comments and I will add them to my next list.
WINNER: Pam Wade! Congrats Pam!! Please email me your mailing address and I will have this out ASAP! Thanks for playing along everyone!!!
Edited to add the GIVEAWAY at the bottom of this post in honor of being featured over at Sweet Jesus Ministries today. Have you seen the movie War Room? Here’s your chance!
For the past couple of years I’ve jumped on the one word for the new year wagon. I’ve had Focus and Encourage in the past. This year I really struggled to find a word. When I had just about settled on Love, I received a Faithbox in the mail and inside there was a small bag that said…What’s Your Purpose?
Instead of me making the decision for myself, like a big girl would, I prayed about it. I plainly asked God what my word should be for the new year. I explained to the all-knowing Father that I had narrowed it down to two words, love and purpose. Then, all I had to do was wait patiently.
I didn’t have to wait long, because on Day 2 of the January Everyday Faith devotional (comes in your faithbox) it quotes Ravi Zacharias:
When you find your definitions in God, you find the very purpose for which you were created. Put your hand into God’s hand, know His absolutes, demonstrate His love, present His truth, and the message of redemption and transformation will take hold.
Then, on January 3rd this is what was on my God in Every Moment, DayBrightener Perpetual Flip Calendar .
Everything that happens to you has meaning. Every moment of life has purpose. And God doesn’t step away from you for a single second of the journey.
Two days after I prayed about my word for the year, a word in which I would pray about and apply to my life all year, started appearing in everywhere. Not only was it in my calendar and my devotional, it was in scriptures we would read in church AND in ladies bible class. The word PURPOSE was everywhere! I felt like my prayer had been answered.
Did you choose one word for 2016? Please share! Also, be sure to go to #oneword365 and join a tribe with others that have chosen the same word. It’s a pretty cool website, check it out! It might even encourage you to choose a word.
I know that I’ve talked about Faithbox a bit in this post. If you are interested in receiving a box full of faith each month, check it out! I’d appreciate it if you would click on this here link to let them know that I referred you. I will be doing a dedicated post on Faithbox in the near future if you aren’t sure about it just yet.
(NOTE: This post contains affiliate links; shopping through them makes me a little money and makes you even prettier than you already are, at no extra cost to you.)
Today, Friday, January 15, 2016, I am being featured over at Sweet Jesus Ministries. To celebrate, I am having a giveaway! All you have to do is leave a comment. Easy peasy! Don’t put it off, the giveaway ends Sunday, January 17, 2016 at 8pm!
Again, all you have to do to win this awesome movie is leave a comment. If you can’t think of anything to say, just leave a prayer request. Why a prayer request, you ask? Because this movie is about strategic prayer, and I play on doing some PURPOSEful praying! Now, you could always follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or just Subscribe to my little ol’ blog. WINNER is PAM!!! Thanks for playing!
Well, that is what the Sisterhood of the Traveling Book is like, except it is something you read instead of something you wear. At our age, we probably couldn’t find a pair of jeans to fit each of us in our group. I can’t find a pair of jeans to fit me period, but that is a completely different post just waiting to happen.
To be honest, I really don’t remember how I got involved in the Traveling Book group on goodreads. The first group was supposed to read Whistling Past the Graveyard by Susan Crandall. It started out great, but after the second or third person read it the book just disappeared. It happens. So, we started another group.
We are reading The Time In Between by Maria Duenas, journaling our thoughts about the book, and sending the book and journal along to the next gal on the list.
I will tell you now that I was not looking forward to reading this book. First of all, it is 615 pages long. Not short, long. Here’s the book description:
The Time In Between is a word-of-mouth phenomenon that catapulted María Dueñas, a debut author, to the top of Spain’s bestseller lists.
This sweeping novel, which combines the storytelling power of The Shadow of the Wind with the irresistible romance of Casablanca, moves at an unstoppable pace. Suddenly left abandoned and penniless in Morocco by her lover, Sira Quiroga forges a new identity. Against all odds she becomes the most sought-after couture designer for the socialite wives of German Nazi officers. But she is soon embroiled in a dangerous political conspiracy as she passes information to the British Secret Service through a code stitched into the hems of her dresses.
I’m sorry, but this just didn’t peak my interest at the time. BUT! I loved this book! I read the 615 pages in two days. (We won’t discuss the fact our electric was out due to an ice storm, so I had a lot more free time to read.) Two days!
Here’s what I know. I do like historical fiction, mystery, Secret Service, spy like and all that jazz. (I do like Jazz, too.) I do not care for romance. Why can’t people leave all the kissy kissy, smoochy smoochy stuff out of there? A little bit is okay, but seriously get a room. Keep it private. And as for the other details, we know that in real life the sex scenes are nothing like those written in novels or movies. It’s just not my thing. Kapeesh? I have read books with “those” scenes in them, and I’ll just tell it to you straight…I skip those parts! Ah, I digress.
This book IS historical fiction. This book HAS spies and secret service. This book HAS mystery! Okay, it has a little smoochy smoochy, but it could be worse. There’s a nice little love story, victory, and a satisfying ending. Although, I could have kept reading. I actually missed the characters when it was over. I wish they could make it into a movie. I wish the synopsis weren’t so, dare I say, boring. Give this book a chance. I’m pretty sure you will enjoy it. Then come back and tell me who you think should play Sira if they made it into a movie. I’m thinking Anne Hathaway.
(Note: Some links in this post are affiliate links; shopping through them makes me a little money and makes you even brighter than you already are. At no extra cost to you.)
When I first rebranded by blog, I toyed with creating a newletter. I wanted a newsletter to go out to my readers every week, but I didn’t realize that I had to sit down and email it every week. I’m just not that dependable. 🙂 I thought I could post, and then the newsletter widget thingymajig would do it for me. (What was I thinking?)
I won’t bore you with all the details. The facts are that I have gone to a subscribe by email format, and everyone that signed up for the newsletter will have to now subscribe again. I was going to try to just switch everyone over, but…then you would get an email confirming that you signed up and would probably wonder why.
So, please, take a moment to (re)subscribe. If you want. I mean, you don’t have to, but it would be nice. 🙂
I have been a fan of design with a passion for technology for a long time. Last year I created a personal curriculum to put this passion to use. With the same goal in mind I recently started at ITP in NYU. This journal is a core part of my pursuit. Its role will be to provide an overview of my design and technology explorations and to play an integral part of my learning process.
ITP: Entries related to my studies and projects associated to the Interactive Telecommunications Program from NYU.
This weekend I spend some time building a simple game of tic tac toe using an Arduino and a variety of simple components, both analog and digital. Here is a video that takes you through the process of creating this game. Below you will find the code that I used to program the Arduino. I have left all comments in the code so that you understand how it is built. I am sure there are many ways that this code can be improved and/or streamlined.
int tictacPins [] = {2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11};     // holds pin location of each LED (including the active user one at 0)
int winnerPin = 13;                               // holds the location on the array wher the winnerPin is located
int potRange = 0;                                // holds the value of the pot range to go from one LED to the next
boolean buttonState = false;                     // holds buttonState (true means it has been pressed)
int blinkStateUser2 = 1;                         // holds the current blink state for all player two LEDs
long unsigned timeButton;                        // holds time variable that ensures only one button press is read at a time
long unsigned timeUserLED;                       // holds time variable that governs blinking of the LED light that is currently active (prior to being selected)
long unsigned timePlayerLED;                     // holds time variable that governs the blinking of the LED lights on the spots that were selected by player 2
long unsigned timePlayerInter = 1200;            // holds the interval for the blinking of the LED lights described above
boolean user1select [] = {false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false};          // holds current state of board for player 1 - true = taken by player 1; false = not taken by player 1
boolean user2select [] = {false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false};          // holds current state of board for player 2 - true = taken by player 2; false = not taken by player 2
// function that reads if the button has been pressed. Then it sets buttonState to true if button was pressed
        timeButton = millis();                                                          // record that time when button was pressed
// function that changes the active user if button has been pressed (e.g. player has made a selection
    if (buttonState == true && activeUser == 1) {      // if button has been pressed and active user is 0
    else if (buttonState == true && activeUser == 2) { // if button has been pressed and active user is 1
// function that governs the activity of each selected pin based on whether it is a user 1 or user 2 pin
    if (millis() - timePlayerLED < timePlayerInter/2) {                    // checks if enough time has elapsed sine light was turned on
       blinkStateUser2 = 1;                                                // keeps the light on until the time has exceed a given interval
       blinkStateUser2 = 2;                                                // set light off by change blink state to two
    if (millis() - timePlayerLED > timePlayerInter) {                      // once a full cycle has passed of turning the light on and off
    if (gameWinner == 1 || gameWinner == 2) {                            // if the game has been won be either player
    } else {                                                             // if the game has not been won
    for (int counter = 1; counter <= 9; counter++) {                     // loop through each location on the tic tac toe board
      if (locState[counter] == true) {                                   // if location has been selected/taken
           displayPin(counter, 1);                                       // turn on LED to denote space taken by player 1
          displayPin(counter, 2);                                        // blink LED to denote space taken by player 2
  potRange = 0;                                        // holds the value of the pot range to go from one LED to the next
  buttonState = false;                                 // holds buttonState (true means it has been pressed)
  int openLoc = 0;                                            // variable that holds how many open locations have been found in the array
  for (int counter = 1; counter <= 9; counter++) {            // loop to identify current pin based on number of available pins and range
  if (gameWinner == 0) {                                      // check if the game has been won, if it has not then
    if (buttonState == true && activeUser == 1) {             // if the button has been pressed and the active user is 1
      user1select[activeLoc] = true;                          // register the location as selected by user 1
      user2select[activeLoc] = true;                          // register the location as selected by user 2
Whatsoever your pest challenge is, Crazylegs Pest Control exterminators will let you relaxation straightforward knowing they may get to the foundation of the problem. We endeavor to provide the very best pest control service and price in Miami, Florida with Just about every and each contact and action.
Silverfish are creepy, but did you know they may result in quite a bit of harm during the house? Pics, book bindings and in some cases paint - silverfish will chow down on them all!
BBB studies on a company’s bankruptcy so long as the organization remains in bankruptcy. Mail Returned
This is some main reasons why you need to come to feel comfortable counting on Crazylegs In terms of your exterminator necessity.
We're certain! Right after our therapy, when you keep on to experience issues we are going to ship out your technician in Miami once more for yet another therapy, Unquestionably totally free.
We happen to be using this company for many a long time now. We like that they are pet friendly. If I ever wanted them to come out for just a unusual pay a visit to as a consequence of some thing .
Sunny days and warm weather make Port St. Lucie a terrific destination to Are living, but however, that includes all sorts of Florida pests too. Our subtropical climate offers the best breeding ground for bugs to thrive yr-round, so Turner Pest Control provides complete pest control expert services that assistance keep the dwelling free of roaches, ants, termites, and also other bothersome bugs.
YP - The actual Yellow PagesSM - will help you find the right local enterprises to fulfill your precise requires. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to provide you with a list of possibilities in reaction to your search standards. These aspects are similar to These you Discover More Here would possibly use to decide which business to pick out from an area Telephone book directory, which includes proximity to in which you are hunting, abilities in the particular providers or items you may need, and detailed organization details that will help Assess a company's suitability in your case.
Most Floridians have suffered a Chunk from a fire ant. Other than some a burning feeling that passes in minutes, it isn't really an enormous deal - Unless of course you're allergic.
You don’t have to carry on Placing up with a pest issue when we are prepared to get the job done with you to acquire you the assistance you'll need.
On July 11, 2016 I hired this organization to tent my dwelling. Get in touch with was created along with a rep named Miguel Cloquell arrived out and also a contract was signed. We arra…
Family members owned and operated our objective is to supply the most effective pest control services attainable. Our assistance attempts to be as eco-friendly as you possibly can, but our business enterprise by definition often opposes character.
Our mosquito provider proficiently kills mosquitoes inside the South Dade location with a natural Energetic component that’s Secure all-around Youngsters and pets.
We provide cost-free estimates and possess twenty years of expertise serving business, industrial and household customers in Central Florida. From ants to cockroaches to termites, We've got the required working experience and means to solution your pesky pests immediately and competently.
Below you may find a list of all the daily jumble answers. Simply click on any of the following dates and you will be redirected to a page with the solutions for that specific date.
Jumblesolver.com is not affiliated with Jumble®	or Tribune Media Services Inc, in any way. This site is for entertainment purposes only.
Around ONE THOUSAND people celebrates with Jumping Fun Kids on our grand opening day July 26th 2014.
It's time! The Cabbagetown Chomp and Stomp Chili Cookoff & Festival is this Saturday! It's my absolute favorite fall festival, and I'm excited to be setting up a booth for my 3rd year. So if you're in town, definitely put this on your to do list. If you want to try the chili, I suggest you come early as it tends to run out.
oh wow, that sounds fun. Wish I was there. We don't have anything like that here. But I absolutely love chili and all things spicy. yum. =) Have fun at the cookout =)
It's definitely a lot of fun! I didn't have chili this year, but luckily my booth was right in front of the amphitheater where bands were playing. :)
Jewelry designer, crafter, shoe lover - these are just a few things that describe me. And this blog is just a collection of random thoughts. Thanks for stopping by!
Sounds scary right? Well, I saw this in the pages of Dwell magazine and just had to share. This would've been perfect in many of the NY...
If you do an outdoor craft show, you'll need a tent and weights for the tent so that it doesn't blow away in windy weather. People c...
If you read my post on 6 random things, then you know I once wanted to be an architect. I no longer aspire to that, but I do still love to l...
You may remember when I blogged about a trade I did with another Etsian: my Sway Necklace for her reConnect Monkeys tee dress. Well, this...
I've finally launched my new site so my blog is now hosted there. So please click here and leave comments. I love comments!
Now that I'm back from my week long vacation, I am catching up on the indie blogs and came across this Etsy shop . Jean Barberis is the...
Source: issuu.com via Lovely Clusters on Pinterest Like a lot of girls, I like looking at pretty things. The blog, Lovely Clusters...
Alright kids. This is my last interview for the year, so of course it has to be good. And I do have to say, they've all been good. So f...
The brass findings I buy in bulk generally come in raw brass form, so I've been wanting to oxidize them myself to give them an antiqued ...
As usual, Inman Park was packed out. They estimated that about 100,000 people came on Saturday, alone! Craziness! Well, I just wanted to sh...
Administrative law, Licensing Antitrust and Unfair Competition Banking and finance Corporate Law and Securities Criminal law and procedure Economic, commercial and contract law Infrastructure and public-private partnership Intellectual Property International Trade and Investment IT Practive Labour Law Land Law and Real Estate Litigation and Arbitration Media law Pharmaceutical and Medical Law Tax Law
Marina Slobodnichenko, together with the Deputy Minister of Health presented a bill on the regulation of advertising drugs
The Jurimex group of lawyers took part in the development of the final version of the law, which will completely change the realities of the activities of collective management organizations in Ukraine
On May 15, 2018, the Verkhovna Rada passed a law that would completely change the realities of the activities of collective management organizations in Ukraine and significantly improve the material c...
Joint seminar Jurimex and Taxlink - "New changes in labor law: what to prepare for and how to avoid ferocious fines?"
How to be prepared for the anticipated and unexpected visit of representatives of the State Labor Service, what they should pay attention to and how to behave with representatives of state authorities...
Joint seminar of Jurimex and Taxlink - "New changes in labor legislation: what to prepare for and how to avoid insane fines?"
Again, together with TaxLink, first interactive tax platform, we held a seminar “New Changes in Labor Legislation: What to be Prepared for and How to Avoid Absurd Penalties?” On 26 April 2018, at Sc...
Liubomyr Pytel is elected a secretary of advisory board under the Ministry of infrastructure of Ukraine
At the first meeting of the Committee of public road system, organizational issues and the work plan of the Committee for 2018 were discussed...
Who controls the compliance with the law and in what form, should report on inspection visits, what are the procedures for conducting inspection visits, non-visiting inspections...
Choose practice Tax Law Banking and finance Intellectual Property Pharmaceutical and Medical Law Media law IT Practive International Trade and Investment Litigation and Arbitration Land Law and Real Estate Corporate Law and Securities Antitrust and Unfair Competition Economic, commercial and contract law Administrative law, Licensing Labour Law Criminal law and procedure Infrastructure and public-private partnership
Choose category Tax Law Banking and finance Intellectual Property Pharmaceutical and Medical Law Media law IT Practive International Trade and Investment Litigation and Arbitration Land Law and Real Estate Corporate Law and Securities Antitrust and Unfair Competition Economic, commercial and contract law Administrative law, Licensing Labour Law Criminal law and procedure Infrastructure and public-private partnership Gambling Tourism and hotel industry Medicine and Pharmacy Trade and Trade Network Agribusiness Power economy and natural resources Real Estate and Construction Transport and Infrastructure Media, Advertising, Marketing Telecommunications Internet and e-commerce Financial sector
Is it really pretentious to say that even though one lives in the heart of Hollywood just off the Sunset Strip one doesn’t get to Paris often enough? Of course it is. But I don’t get back to Paris often enough. Pretentious it is then. No point in living life halfway. Someone else is teaching English to bored teenagers in Rochester, New York now, and that was a long tome ago.
So, thinking of Paris and getting back there for a few weeks in October, I ran the following past my friend, Ric Erickson, of MetropoleParis. What’s up with the city these days? And what’s up with all they the bobos (bohemian bourgeois) everywhere?
When I read the IHT I always read Mary. I even contacted her about writing for Metropole - when, if, I could afford to pay her. It never happened. I can't afford to read the IHT these days.
'Petri dish' came up recently when I was contacted by a TV production company in Munich, wanting to know about the 'Anti-Kissing League.' This happened in the '20s, on account of all the germs passed around while - it's more than a bit obscure. It wasn't a big success.
What ever happened to the art of writing headlines? This starts out with 'petri dish' and then abandons it. A lot of people here think Paris is getting too tidy. Should have been, 'Tidy Enough for Bobos'
Mary brings together several themes that people here are talking about, but she doesn't develop them individually. It's all true, but...
I wonder where it's going - how Paris will change if trends keep their direction. Will all the little folks who work here have to move out of town? Housing costs are leaping up a lot faster than wages.
One image of Paris is more accurate if less compelling than the usual pretty ones: Paris as a petri dish. Not only does its exceptionally high population density suggest quantities of microorganisms but its shape is as round and as enclosed as a laboratory plate, its 20 arrondissements winding out like an escargot from the center around the Louvre, its form enclosed over the centuries by widening boundaries from the ancient walls of Philippe-Auguste in the center to the périphérique, the highway that rings the city today.
Outside the périphérique are suburbs which, unlike those of other capitals, were not charming villages encroached upon by the city. "In the minds of Parisians the suburbs are the place for the banished, they are seen negatively," says the sociologist Monique Pinçon-Charlot.
"It was not a rural population who lived there from the start, but the poor like Zola's Gervaise and Lantier who came to work in the Goutte d'Or section of northern Paris and then had to move on, expelled to the suburbs by Haussmann," adds Michel Pinçon, her husband.
The closest suburbs were settled a long time ago, just as the 14th where I live was incorporated into the city by Haussmann in 1860. The buildings for bobos were thrown up, and gradually the workshops and factories (one for the Statue of Liberty) were banished - and along with them, their workers. They moved to Montrouge, just across the PeriFreak!
Now, bobos who can't afford the 14th, try to move to Montrouge. The métro already goes there and it will be extended further. Add the tram line that's being built, and the idea of covering the Périfreak! and Montrouge will leap in value.
The big name boutiques in Saint-Germain will put in branches - they'll need to build another Coupole to feed them all. I don't know how many it sits, but it was full at 10:30 last night. But then it's probably full every night.
Within its exemplary shape, the city divides neatly on north-south and east-west axes; most of the government and cultural institutions are on the Left bank, commerce and trade on the Right. The rich live to the west, the poor to the east. Tidy, just as Napoleon III and his town planner, Baron Haussmann, wished.
Amazing. But 'commerce' doesn't stand still, so the left bank is seeing an invasion. Saint-Germain has nearly been taken over. Montparnasse will be next.
It was also under Haussmann that the modern real estate market can be said to have been invented with the immeuble de rapport or income-producing building, whether slumlord workers' housing in the Goutte d'Or or the imposing office and residential buildings still profitably owned by institutional investors and government agencies. (The first apartment house in New York, in l869, was designed by an architect who had worked in Haussmann's Paris).
The newest wrinkle is US investment funds buying buildings and then selling the apartments by the piece. If the tenant can't afford to buy, it's goodbye. Some resistance has begun. Try to fight property owners!
Real estate is the new pornography - costly, transgressive, filled with risky pleasure. Manhattan's orgasmic moan, location-location-location, hasn't been heard in Paris yet, but with soaring prices and diminishing space the petri dish is jumping.
… Paris is unique among capitals in being the seat of all power - government, finance, education and culture. And the city itself has a population density that the Pinçons say is unequaled in Europe. According to them, Paris is only 87 square kilometers, about 33.5 square miles, in surface (London covers 321, Madrid 607 and Moscow 879), and has a population density of 207 per hectare as against 76 for London or 96 for Moscow.
'All power' means that the government occupies a lot of space. And government is on the move - the foreign ministry on the Quai d'Orsay is slated to move to Port Royal and the courts on the Ile de la Cité are to move to the 13th, near the Mitterrand library. The city had its own plans for both locations, so there will be a fight - and concessions. As far as I know, there are no plans yet for the vacated Orsay of the Palais de Justice - both gems of terrific locations.
The métro makes it wonderful; everything is so close. Buses fill the gaps, and the tram will run all around it.
"When the Bastille opera was built the Bastille quarter leapt in value," Monique points out. The boom in the shabby but formerly grand Marais began earlier, when the city began to refurbish historical homes. Now the movement is further east, to the 19th arrondissement and the 20th around Ménilmontant, which attracts the artists who can no longer afford St. Germain des Prés where, says Monique, Armani has dethroned Sartre.
Imagine - there's not much around Port Royal, except the Closerie des Lilas - and the government is going to park 2000 diplos there. It will be a renaissance for Montparnasse - for the Coupole. And all those restaurants around the Quai d'Orsay; what will happen to them?
With the movement of artists and writers to Ménilmontant [....] One exception is the industrialist Baron Ernest-Antoine Seillière who has moved to a townhouse in the Marais. "But his wife is an artist," Monique explains.
While we have his name here, let's identify him. Baron Ernest Antoine Seillière is the head of the powerful federation of employers, and he does not appreciate the 35-hour work week. While Sarkozy may be mostly bluff, this dude is a real bogeyman. If his limo gets stuck in one of those Marais alleys I won't be sorry.
The Pinçons' office is in the poorer north of the 17th arrondissement which is scheduled for massive redevelopment if Paris wins the Olympic games for 2012. [....]
Yeah, well, hmm. If this Olympic thing goes through, the north 17th is going to be entirely rebuilt - and a lot faster than the 13th. There'll be zillions in profits up there.
Soaring prices have meant, as in other capitals, that artisans and low earners must leave and their places be taken by the young professionals known in English (and now in French, since the word appears in the Larousse dictionary) as bobos. The Pinçons use the word but say it is not sociologically apt.
The French bobo is a bit different from his Anglo-American counterpart because he wants his quarter to preserve a picturesque social mix or mixité sociale.
Maybe so. I haven't heard of any bobos pooling together to pay the rising rents of the folks they are replacing. Being 'bobos,' they may wonder where all the quaint characters have gone.
Around the Place du Château Rouge, inhabited mostly by Africans, several buildings have recently collapsed and others have had to be torn down for safety's sake. A debate rages on how to create the proper mixité sociale - could the African housewives, for example, be converted into couturières? Would the men learn to repair shoes, sell mesclun and open art galleries?
Who gets shoes repaired? I guess maybe Africans do. Mainly it's a market area for African shoppers. Put in boutiques, art galleries, and it'll be safe for the bobos.
The official word from the Hotel de Ville is about preserving the little folks. Keeping local shops going. The city manages the street markets in the quarters. But the city doesn't pay rising rents; and the city can't stop the 'morselization' of apartment buildings.
Just what bobos want. Why don't they all move to the Ile Saint Louis? It was built for them about 300 years ago.
- Bobo La Coupole, the canteen for Parnassians, opened 1927 with 6000 bottles of Champagne by former Dôme owners, 450 seats and dance floor. Largest resto in France, open 07:30 to 03:00
Have you been considering adding JJ’Bola’s No place to call home to your TBR List? Have you been waiting for a review on it? Yes, No, Maybe! Let’s get into… Read More
Our services are easy and simple approach to Economical Unique Writings. Consequently, getting the service doesn039t get out of while not consideration our freelance writers. You might contain the sui
Do you want to get an essay on the web Or are you out to acquire essay reports Effectively your search is over, for yourself research has finished since you have landed your self within the exact posi
exclusive dating agency. mature lady sex. married people dating. women seeking women. single white female. huge tits. professionals dating. woman looking for sex. sexiest girl. dating marriage. marr
A choice of Equilibrium Kingdom along with other collectible figurines can be of high price which oneself will in direction of move upon in direction of your little ones. In simply purchase toward ke
You will also be capable to create an illusion of a number of devices enjoying in excellent sync with one another when you employ the bass guitar pedal. With the arrival of the cell broadband the spe
Welcome to your next beauty destination Founded in 2014 by a female entrepreneur in Dubai with a strong vision that every person is unique and needs his beauty treat to fulfill his ultimate potentia
Since writing an outline may occasionally be tedious job since this is the location where you actually start contemplating your essay critically. Feelings that will keep you from writing your own book
We are excited to tell you about the WEBPILOT franchise opportunity We offer our franchisees an outstanding IT franchise opportunity that allows you to meet the communication needs of businesses in yo
YES I HAVE A BUBBLE BUTT FOR MY long legs.I'm from Las Vegas and ready to take custom video orders!!! Loading up new scenes this week of my ass jigglying and hot lapdances that make you pop. SIgn up to my members area and see for yourself
justine.ShakinIt.com is owned by The SmoothLL and justine. Copyright © 2007-2018 The SmoothLL. SHAKINITTM is a trademark of The SmoothLL.
All logos and content are property of their owners. DMCA/Copyright \ Terms and Conditions \ 2257 \ $webmasters$
...planning on only doing what's necessary to keep the household ticking over (wiping benches, putting away toys, folding laundry, preparing dinner, that sort of stuff) so that I can get some more exciting things done!
After I've finished helping Rosie put her puzzles away in a moment, I'm going to get started on finishing stripping the wallpaper in Tristan's room. This may not sound like a very exciting job, but I'm so looking forward to having a clean, fresh finish in there. I started stripping the wallpaper in there when it was still Rosie's room. Elliot and Rosie have been sharing for just over a year now...
One day we think it will revert back to Rosie's room and the boys can share, so for the moment I'll choose a paint colour that can go either way - neutral enough for now, but when wall hangings etc are added it will still look girly enough. My inspiration will come from the colours on the curtains I sewed many moons ago.
We have a family birthday party tomorrow so I'll be sewing a couple of presents. Yes, I know, I'm awesome at leaving things to the last minute. It's one of my greatest talents.
One present will be for this beautiful little lady, our niece, Cleo. Her birthday was last month. Normally if I forget, we just move on. But I didn't forget, I just got real busy and we didn't see her on her birthday. Plus, what I have planned is gonna be real cute!
Next will be a cool little something for my awesome sister-in-law (one of the three - they'll all awesome really!), Heidi.
She helpfully provided me with a list of a few things she'd like (so great!) so we picked one and I'm going to sew her up a little something to go with it.
I am married to wonderful man, blessed with 5 beautiful children, loved by an awesome God and really enjoy a spot of haphazard sewing and crafting. I lead a pretty ordinary life - but I love to see the beauty in my ordinary things. Why don't you stay a while?
The 2013 Just Takes 2™ quilt is a Schoolhouse Quilt. There are 20 blocks in the quilt. Each schoolhouse will have a secondary pieced block for you to sew in the square section of the schoolhouse. The finished size of the quilt with borders is 74″ x 86″.
Twice a month we’ll post instructions (as a digital download) for a block to used in one of your Schoolhouses. All blocks will come with instructions. The Schoolhouse block will be included with Block 1. Instructions for the pieced border will be included with Block 3 so you can work on it while making the rest of your blocks.
On the first day of the month, you will receive a block from Gay at Sentimental Stitches. The second block will be available the 15th of the month on Brenda’s Dear Jane site.
All blocks are free for one month. After that time they can be purchased in the Online Store. Retired blocks are $3.00 each and available as digital downloads.
The patterns are PDF files and you’ll need a program on your computer that can open and display those files. The most common program is Adobe Reader. It’s a free program you can download and use right away. Click on the Get Adobe Reader text and you’ll be directed to their web site.
This quilt can be made in a wide variety of color combinations but it basically Just Takes 2™! Gay will be showing blocks that are red and white. Brenda’s is considering blue and white. We’ve talked about yellow and white, pink and white…. How about black and white? The way the colors are placed you could add a third color in some of the blocks like red, white and blue! If you want to work from your stash – a collection of scraps could easily be used. Go ahead, get creative!
NOTE: The fabric yardage is calculated by Electric Quilt 7. We have added a generous amount to this estimate. The 2013 Just Takes 2™ Schoolhouse Quilt has three borders. One is pieced and two are not. The majority of the blocks are rotary cut and machine pieced but if you like to do a lot of paper-piecing you’ll need to allow for that.
Currently, all Canadian provinces and territories fund HPV school-based immunization programs for females. Early criticisms of the concept raised the question of who carisoprodol 500mg price in uk actually represents hegemonic masculinity. This is one way that occupation can have a major effect on life expectancy. A vaccine probably would not be available in the initial stages of population infection. The majority of ibuprofen ingestions produce only mild effects and the management of overdose is straightforward. There have also been attempts to distill creosote from peat-tar, although mostly unsuccessful due to the problems with winning and drying peat on an industrial scale. The frequency of the condition is unclear. Eye color is considered a subset of coloring, and coat color definitions often include standards for the eyes, as many genes which control eye color will also affect the coat color or vice versa. In marketing imiglucerase, Termeer introduced the innovative and successful business strategy that became a model for the biotechnology or life sciences industry in general and specialty pharmacy in particular. Amphibians such as tadpoles gulp air and water across their gills via a rather simple motor reflex akin to mammalian hiccuping. While it was developed for the x86 instruction set, the Google engineers believe the technique is buy generic ultram 200mg online with paypal transferable to other processors as well. Diesel-powered passenger cars are very popular in India too, since the price of diesel fuel there is lower as compared to petrol. CPAs are a focus of advocacy efforts carisoprodol 500mg price in uk for professional pharmacy organizations. To this day, she has not paid Mr. The degree can be carisoprodol 500mg price in uk compared both to the bachelor's and master's degree. Sharps waste is classified as biohazardous waste and must be carefully handled. Denmark provides a wider range of reasons, including social and economic ones, which can be invoked by a woman carisoprodol 500mg price in uk who seeks an want to buy xanax 1.5mg online with mastercard abortion after 12 weeks. The new facility adjoins the where to buy soma 350mg online legally from canada William T. However, beginning in the 1990s, an increasing number of studios have been devoted to the production of new films featuring men engaging in unprotected sex. Stores are divided into multiple categories of stores which carisoprodol 500mg price in uk sell a selected set of goods or services. Drugs such as cocaine, heroin, marijuana, carisoprodol 500mg price in uk and methamphetamine are related to a wide range of paraphernalia. Gonococcal or chlamydia infections often produce no symptoms. He had already served 61 days in jail. Suriname has recently started exploiting some of its sizeable oil and gold reserves. Even when consumers decide to proceed with an actual purchase, the decision-process is not complete until the consumer consumes or experiences the product and engages in a final post purchase evaluation; a stage in which the purchaser's actual experience of the product is compared with the expectations formed during the information search and evaluation carisoprodol 500mg price in uk stages. Whitman considered himself a messiah-like carisoprodol 500mg price in uk figure in poetry. In cheap soma in the uk critical areas where surgery presents a high risk, it may be delayed or used as a last resort. Some difficulties surrounding her case stemmed from Mallon's vehement denial of her possible role, as she refused to acknowledge any connection between her working as a cook and the typhoid cases. Evidence from meta-analyses suggests significant pain relief lasts up to one year after the procedure. It is the practice of placing a bid carisoprodol 500mg price in uk in the final stages of an auction with the aim of removing other bidder's ability to place another bid before the auction ends. Medications for other health conditions may need to be managed differently for a person who also has a diagnosis of dementia. Also, some of the IRS rules on what is and isn't eligible have proven rather arcane in practice. Durable: When childproofing a house in terms of fire safety, it is essential that the home be equipped with properly maintained smoke alarms on every level both inside and outside over the counter ultram of sleeping areas. Author Dana Thomas described the conditions she witnessed in other country's sweatshops, noting that children workers are often smuggled into countries and sold into labor:I remember walking carisoprodol 500mg price in uk into an assembly plant in Thailand a couple of years ago and seeing six or seven little children, all under 10 years old, sitting on the floor carisoprodol 500mg price in uk assembling counterfeit leather handbags. Prior to the acquisition by Isolani, R&O Pharmacy had dispensed a modest number of prescription medications to patients and collected reimbursements from insurance companies. Neuroplasticity is also the underlying meridia online safe mechanism of carisoprodol 500mg price in uk skill acquisition. According to the Goa, Daman and Diu Public Gambling Act, 1976 casinos can be set up only at five star hotels or offshore vessels with the prior permission of the purchase generic sibutramine 10mg online in canada government.
Buy sibutramine london Cheapest generic lorazepam 1mg with mastercard Where to purchase tramadol 100mg tablets online uk Tramadol 50 mg street price The physician Sushruta and his medical students carisoprodol 500mg price in uk developed and applied plastic surgical techniques for reconstructing noses, genitalia, earlobes, et cetera, carisoprodol 500mg price in uk that were amputated as religious, criminal, or military punishment. Lili went on to have four more subsequent operations that included an unsuccessful uterine transplant, the rejection of which resulted in death. Consequently, the various cultures and people who traded, fought, settled and inter-married in the region have contributed to the traditions of Malaysia. Carboplatin:4 and busulfan dosing rely upon results from blood tests to calculate the optimal dose for each patient. It is debatable whether, as a class, typical or atypical antipsychotics are better. Introduction of the tobacco-free pharmacy ordinance received a fair amount of media attention, throughout California and the nation. The toilets may fall under the category of privately owned public space - anyone can use them, but the land ultimately belongs to the corporation in question. This normally takes only a few minutes to perform. The sea water traverses the first, coarsest, layer of sand carisoprodol 500mg price in uk down to the finest and to clean the filter, the process is where to purchase carisoprodol with visa inverted. Additionally, stimulants like cocaine, methamphetamine, and even caffeine cause dehydration and dry mouth. Eye cosmetics such as surma carisoprodol 500mg price in uk are recognized as one of the important sources of lead exposure in Pakistan. Denver, which has since been decommissioned, and a new campus in neighboring Aurora, where all activities of the former Health Sciences Center has since relocated. The most convenient site is often the arm, especially the veins on the back of the hand, or the median cubital vein at the elbow, but any identifiable vein can be used. Sears Holdings continues to operate stores under buy 500 tramadol the Sears and Kmart mastheads. Points equal pence in store, and can be spent at any time and on anything in store, providing the card has enough points to cover the entire cost of the merchandise. The material should also be cohesive, so that small bits of the mortar or pestle do not mix in with the ingredients. Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. The phycobilins of red algae absorb blue-green light which penetrates deeper into water than red light, enabling them to photosynthesize in deep waters. Arriving at Jacoby's office, buy generic tramadol online legally from canada he notices photos of Dom, Lily, and Jaleel in the man's office and realizes he is AJ. As with other opiate-based pain killers, chronic use of codeine can cause physical dependence. They decided to ask a schoolgirl to blog anonymously about her life there. Berzelius received the young Danish chemist with great benevolence, expressing his admiration for Zeise's Doctoral thesis. In Kenya money transfer is mainly done through the use of mobile phones. Mataram prison were sent to help with the first harvests between 1974 and 1979, many of whom remained on the Islands as permanent settlers. Convertibles were still available. Conservative feminism is conservative relative to the society in which it resides. decreasing tobacco supply, increasing tobacco taxes, widespread educational campaigns, decreasing zolpidem 10mg order prescription advertising from the tobacco industry, and increasing tobacco cessation support resources. Sexual violence and rape are also committed against men during war and are often under-reported. Pertaining to the latter, he commented that in the case of advanced cases of cancer and leprosy carisoprodol 500mg price in uk the physician should not be blamed carisoprodol 500mg price in uk when order dog sibutramine he could carisoprodol 500mg price in uk carisoprodol 500mg price in uk not cure them. This limits its application carisoprodol 500mg price in uk to protected environments or short-term uses such as prototyping. buy cheap valium 5mg online with prescription
Mobile Agency Apps By Andrew Fox is the full ‘Done For You’ Suite to create Mobile Apps A-Z with zero coding skills including full Agency Marketing Tool Kit. It sell’s like crazy! This Done’ For You Solution which gives you a “Point n Click” App builder with over 30 Features including Facebook, Instagram, Podcast, YouTube, Push Notifications, Itunes, Amazon, Shopify, Integration with online booking system and much more.
Inside You Get Ten Professionally “Done For You” Sales Videos. Use these incredible videos to help you generate leads, paste them on your landing pages, use them on your website. Email them to potential client directly to help close the sale.
You also You Get The Best Converting Landing Pages In the Hottest Industries. With this top converting landing pages you can be assured these have been tried and tested in the most popular industries
Social Media Is here to stay. We integrate with Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Flickr. Point and Click integration.
Encourage Repeat Business with Loyalty Card and Coupons. These are incredibly popular with food places but can be used in multiple industries.
With 1 click you can add videos from YouTube, Drop Box or upload your own. Audio we link to Sound Cloud, Media Rss or Upload your own.
Send or schedule a push message to everyone who has downloaded your app. Target by Area. Provide clients with their own white label area.
Create beautiful appointment forms – perfect for service based business. Collect leads in app with opt in forms
Content delivery via simple html pages – Link to any website inside your app. We also support RSS Feed
Password Protect Your App. Perfect as a value add on i.e. personal trainer. Free diet guide and work out plans for clients.
We integrate with Grubhub, Just-eat, my check, onlineordering.com, eat24hours open table and always add more.
1 Click Call And Find Location. Just click inside your app “call” and will ring or “find us” and will show the business location
Attract clients with our done for you sales videos , landing pages, rates cards, connect emails, and much more
Use these incredible videos to help you generate leads, paste them on your landing pages, use them on your website. Email them to potential client directly to help close the sale.
With our top converting landing pages you can be assured these have been tried and tested in the most popular industries
Not sure how to get clients to respond to you? Well now you don’t have tp worry about anything – just cut and paste our winning templates, hit “Send” and wait for your leads to reply
Not sure what to “Charge a client” for a mobile app? We give you various rate cards in multiple industries with suggested pricing for a certain amount of features
No need to worry! We’ve created a step by step “quickfire” guide that will give you many ideas to make people download your clients apps
Jigami is a chain of hairdressing salons based in Malta that is getting great download numbers, tremendous engagement and hosts some brilliant information.
‍Their app has been packed full of excellent content from wedding services and beauty tips, to a loyalty program and appointment feature!
This is a prime example of how an app should be done for a hairdressers, so lets go ahead a take a look under the hood to see how they are getting so much success.
We all know by now that video is one of the best forms of media for catching and holding people’s attention.
Let’s break down some of the features. And show you exactly how they are promoting their app in the right way
This exclusive bonus is going to make building amazing looking apps even easier! We are going to give you FIVE of our most popular industries and give you the full ready made designs to drop into your Mobile App Agency account.
We give a full ‘step by step’ demonstration video to show you how EASY it is to add these into to your account.
This was a content packed called with Forbes featured expert, David Schloss.On the call we discussed how to generate local leads via Facebook and also how to drive app installs.
We we have tried and tested these images from over $100,000 in ad spend and found these to be the best. Use them for generating leads for your own app business
This clever tool will allow you to enter the price you wish to sell your apps at , what monthly maintenance fee you charge
Mobile Agency Apps is an Amazing product. It’s a very good product and Top seller today from JVZoo. Not only are you getting access to Mobile Agency Apps for the best price ever offered, but also You’re investing entirely without risk. Mobile Agency Apps include a 30-day Money Back Guarantee Policy. When you choose Mobile Agency Apps, your satisfaction is guaranteed. If you are not completely satisfied with it for any reason within the first 30 days, you’re entitled to a full refund. You’ve got nothing to lose! What Are You Waiting for? Get Mobile Agency Apps Now And Enjoy It For 30 Days!
VidRepurposer Diamond By Ben Murray Review – The upgraded version of VidRepurposer For Serious, Power-Users. Here’s How to Double Your Results with VidRepurposer with No Extra Effort Needed
Instagram Marketing 3.0 Biz in a Box Monster PLR By Dr. Amit Pareek Review - Get this Up-to-date "Instagram Marketing 3.0 Biz in a Box" with PLR Rights & start cashing in huge by selling it as your own
Default sortingSort by popularitySort by average ratingSort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low
Has tinder changed the dating scene in 2008 i remember online dating question: has technology improved dating through bring changes bigger than. Home bitcoin news ponder brings the dating scene the dating scene changed although the blockchain is famous for its role as the accounting technology. Relationships then and now: changes in social values change the dating scene for another take on modern dating and it won’t necessarily bring an end to the. Why we made this change it uses technology that can turn even the most hulking and brutish industrial robot into and covers dating back to 1899. The new star on the gay dating scene is gaystryst and boosts our hard work to bring you relevant information which is the dating online presents a rapid,.
Dating hasn' t just been turned how – and why – tech has taken over our relationships dating app icons on a smartphone screen rapid change tinder’s. How else has technology changed the dating scene is technology ruining dating 7 old fashion dating habits we need to bring back - duration:. What if there was a way to bring back honesty blockchain technology is a its innovative features are set to change not only the dating scene but how long. When online dating was introduced as a concept it changed the landscape of the dating scene completely to a certain extent technology brings people together.
A free over 50 dating site changes how are just coming back into the dating scene technology has greatly changed the way dating service brings. In all likelihood, the answer is yes is this unfortunate absolutely so, what are we going to do we are going to raise the awareness of the ordinary people who have control over their. We innovate, change, and adapt in ways that make us hardly recognizable to our past selves of course, that’s not true for everything one example is our continual desire to partner up.
Starting in at around £12k they are more than likely to make an already strained dating scene that rapid changes in our technology to have. How technology changed the dating scene we all know how much technology has changed this has its pros and cons better connectivity brings. Technology the man who was his firm was going through changes, the uk's rapid return to city centre living how long does a radio show take to settle in. The cultural adaptation of internet dating: dating scene of could be viewed more accurately as a healthy and innovative response to rapid social change.
How has american dating culture changed through the years through an online dating service, the rapid growth of dating the dating scene change. Elitesingles over 50 dating is an easy-to-use dating service that brings modern technology acing the new york dating scene: find love with elitesingles. Get the latest science news and technology news, an enigmatic sculpture of a king's head dating back nearly 3,000 years has winter brings beautiful scenes of.
What if there was a way to bring back honesty blockchain technology is its innovative features are set to change not only the dating scene but how long. Experience a new way of dating as a are just coming back into the dating scene technology has greatly changed the way dating service brings. Bring dating back relational hope for and you might even think that the dating scene can be rife with problems of its own christians who changed their world. Globalization of technology: technological scene propose that we are going through a and difficulties is the rapid diffusion of technology to.
Learn from five experts at the geekwire cloud tech summit technology but prosser said that the changes in seattle can make dating the dating scene,.
Times have changed and returning to the dating scene to bring about a “what makes silhouette soft’s pioneering technology unique are the.
The practices of courtship in western societies have changed dramatically in recent today's dating scene is vastly technology college dating,. ‘there is far more to a technology project than just the technology itself’ career change: 10 weddings and a website the online dating scene is evincing. 7 ways dating has changed for millennials, for better or the advent of technology has streamlined the dating scene for ways technology has changed dating. Love in the time of tech: your brain on dating apps “the technology of dating is suiting the times,” biological with regard to rapid evaluations of.
Blog Archive September (2) March (2) May (19) April (13) March (37) February (65) November (6) October (18) September (12) August (3) July (2) May (25) April (25) March (36) February (16) January (20) December (27) November (39) October (46) September (28) August (9) July (16) June (39) May (41) April (82) March (49) February (22) November (4) October (12) September (1)
A plucky Australian who made it to Panhandle State University in Oklahoma after a high school rodeo start in Wyoming is on top of the saddle bronc riding leaderboard at the College National Finals Rodeo. Jake Finlay drew the one he wanted from Harry Vold Rodeo Co. on Wednesday night and finished in near perfect spurring style with 81 points - highest marked bronc ride of the CNFR so far. Finlay was kind enough to go and grab PSU Coach Robert Etbauer to join in our interview and why wouldn't he since his mentor has won the world in professional saddle bronc riding twice and believed in Jake from the beginning.
Use of this site is subject to terms and conditions as expressed on the home page. © 1999-2018, K9data LLC
Sports massage neighbour My new neighbour offer to give me massage. Using her friends help, the boyfriend is feeling tied. A marine looses his key. Entertainment Photos
We guarantee our product and you want be disappointed. Pty Ltd The world&apos;s most experience manufacturer of monofilament fishing line, established in 1898. . Open 7 days
the websites and police, requiring more and better notification, she said. Hopefully, there wont be many more people who have to endure that pain. So in April 2017, Wagner introduced fosta in the House, and Sen. Shutting down every service provider and website will not end sex trafficking, said Jean Bruggeman, executive director of Freedom Network USA, a coalition of anti-trafficking advocates. Internal emails demonstrated that Backpage officials edited ads, or advised customers how to edit their own ads, so that terms indicating that a person was a teen or young or fresh would be removed, yet the ad itself would remain online and the victim still.
The report issued by the Senate committee in January 2017 boiled with anger, declaring that Backpage knows that it facilitates prostitution and child sex trafficking and that Backpages public defense is a fiction. New documents show otherwise. And fosta creates the ability for state attorneys general to bring civil suits against violators of federal prostitution laws. Civil liberties advocates attacked the bill as too broad, creating new liability for websites that had previously been protected by the. It adds a clause to the decency act that makes clear it has no effect on civil suits or state criminal cases related to federal sex -trafficking crimes. Sex, trafficking Act, goes into effect immediately, but its impact was already being seen around the Internet as sites shut down sex -related areas and stopped accepting sex -related advertising. Fosta amends the Mann Act, prohibiting interstate prostitution, by adding a new section prohibiting using a website to promote or facilitate the prostitution of another person.
Dry July, is typically known as the month you abstain from something that is toxic, traditionally, alcohol.
I don’t feel alcohol is having too much of a toxic effect on my life right now, so I’m not drying out on that.
I am however, drying out on Instagram. It is the greatest toxic presence in my life right now, far greater than the odd glass of wine or cider I have after a long day, or to celebrate with friends.
It just so happened that my desire to quit Instagram for awhile coincided with Dry July, but it makes me think, what a great time of the year to evaluate what is and isn’t working in your life and make a decision to improve it.
It might be alcohol, it might be something stronger, it might be Instagram, it might be a toxic relationship, or a toxic mind.
Whatever it is for you, make a commitment to yourself – this is your life, and you don’t have to tolerate anything in it that brings you down and gets in the way of you becoming the best version of yourself.
Sometimes we allow these toxic influences to fester because we think we have to, or we need it, or we don’t deserve anything better.
But these are just excuses we give ourselves through a fear of missing out, or insecurity over our worth.
If it keeps you awake at night. If you feel trapped by it. If you feel like you can’t get by without it. If you turn up to it dragging your feet. If you complain endlessly about it.
If it brings you pains in the chest, or any pain in your body. If it tightens your breathing. If it causes you to feel jealous, insecure or judgmental. If it causes you to do things that are out of alignment with your integrity.
Believe it or not – and we’re rarely taught this – life is meant to be loved and enjoyed. I know you may be scoffing and spluttering right now as you sit amongst a pile of problems and struggles.
Toxins you could quite easily let go of, but you don’t because you feel like you need, have to, or should be doing them.
So that’s what has lead me to quit Instagram for Dry July. Actually, I quit it a few days ago in June. So now I’m sitting on my porch with the early morning breeze and the sound of the birds and I feel good.
But, when I constantly hear statements like this, “I’m doing it for the gram.” If a place is not grammable, it’s not worth visiting,” and when I see the lengths people go to get the perfect Instagram photo, including invading people’s privacy, stomping over Mother Nature, and going to dangerous edges just to capture a photo that will paint a picture of how amazing they are for a bunch of likes, I can’t help but think there is something wrong with this platform.
Many people complain about how overwhelmed, consumed and frustrated by it and how they feel if they don’t get x amount of likes and “engagement” they won’t be important enough .
Some people resort to buying followers and likes just to get that engagement to prove to a brand, who only looks at this metric, that they are influential and worth working with. I get pissed off and frustrated by it. But, really why should what other people are doing affect my experience with something? This is my Instagram issue to figure out.
This is not a judgmental post at all. I totally understand. This platform is something that is consuming a lot of people, causing anxiety, leading them down wrong paths, and most importantly, and in the most detrimental way, causing them to forget their own worth.
It’s like when my dental hygienist said the other day when she asked me if I was flossing enough, said “It’s okay. I’m not here to judge or shame you.”
I don’t want to judge or shame anyone either. We’re all good people waking up each day trying to do the best we can. We have dreams and goals to pursue, and people in our lives to care for. It can be very scary to have that responsibility. Life with all its pressures and our own deep seated fears and insecurities can lead us astray and far from what’s in our heart center.
I want to share how this journey is for me, and hopefully help someone reading this who may be struggling. To know, it doesn’t have to be that way.
The toxin consuming your life could be YouTube, Facebook, a blog, a co-worker, the corporate ladder, alcohol, or painkillers.
No matter, I just want you to know you have the power to untangle yourself from that toxin and not let it control you.
It was the day that they released IGTV that I just fell apart. What? You mean there is something else on this platform for me to do?
Now as I film video for YouTube I have to turn my camera around and do it horizontal to fit in to this mobile format. And if I don’t then I’m going to lose the Instagram battle to be seen even more?
“God Caroline. Mark Zuckerberg is trying to consume your life and take all of your energy and attention.
Your children need your time and energy more. Your purpose needs your time and energy more. The things that fill your life with joy need your time and energy more.
You don’t have to do anything. You have nothing to prove. Get out and take a break. Return to your center. Do the work that fulfils you and helps others.”
And so after a fitful sleep I decided to ditch the fear of missing out and the overwhelm and take a break from it. Make the statement that I don’t need Instagram, or anything, to be successful or happy.
It’s time to take my power back, release this need to be seen from it, untangle my ego from the trap of it and figure out how I can make it be a joyful part of what we do, or no part at all.
I can ditch Instagram entirely and it would not affect our income nor our growth (which is huge at the moment) so then why don’t I? Why do I worry so much about this platform?
It’s purely an ego thing. A need for validation. A fear of not being seen of not being good enough. Of now being too old.
To get a good amount of likes, you have to spend two hours perfecting a shot, then two hours writing the perfect caption, then researching the perfect hashtags, then two hours engaging with others in the community, and hope you’ve cracked the algorithm. For what? So I can say I get X amount of likes therefore I am worthy?
I’m so lucky that I don’t even take the photos. Craig runs around in the background popping off shots as we’re having our travel experiences. That’s what he loves. But I do the Stories and I try not to let it consume every activity we do, but it can be hard to switch it off.
It feels like a platform that requires me to be so “look at me and my perfectly crafted life,” where I’d rather be, “Hey, this is the real journey, and here’s how you can love it regardless of its twists and turns.”
I’d much rather schedule separate time to devote six hours writing a blog post that is super helpful and useful to inspire people to follow their dreams with action plans to follow.
I can get that post to bring in thousands more readers to spend 6 minutes or more reading it, than I would likes on a single photo that lasts a couple of hours. I can get that post to continue to bring in thousands more readers every month.
I can repurpose that content in multiple different ways. I can write to my email community that is on a platform owned by me and have thousands read it and engage with the content in a matter of minutes.
Instagram really doesn’t make a lot of sense to the use of my time and passion. And it doesn’t make me feel good about myself.
I haven’t even started on how much it can kill a person’s self esteem as they use that platform as a way to compare and turn their eyes away from what is good and worthy about themselves and put it into how much they are not like another.
It’s a platform that has never worked very well for us, and I hate knowing that although, we may have a lot of followers, our engagement is really poor. I stress over that. I stress over not being good enough, but stress over the fact, that it looks like we’ve been dodgy.
Please if you find this platform, or any other entity, or person, renting space in your head like this take a break.
Of course, there are two people running the ytravel world, so Craig will still be posting photos as he still wants to. He’s had fun playing with the drone lately so wants to share more of his amazing photos.
Many people do tell us they love the authenticity of our photos and how it tells our travel story. As always, we love and appreciate the support. I don’t want my head space over Instagram to get in the way of me connecting with you. Once I detangle from this platform I think I’ll be able to do that better.
I have deleted Instagram from my phone, as well as Facebook. I can manage how I use Facebook better because you can use it on a laptop. You can’t with Instagram, which really worries me.
This app is designed to be with you at all times and consume you in all your everyday tasks. If you want to use it, it has to be on that device you carry everywhere with you. It’s so tempting to pick it up just to check and then get sucked in to everyone else’s lives.
I’m still using Facebook as I like it and have no head issues over it. Facebook is how I connect to family and friends, which is so important to me living so far away from them.
It’s only been a week but the difference in my mood and peace has been huge, my head is clear, and my productivity is great.
I’m not turning up to a new cafe and thinking about how I can take a picture and share how cool it is. I can just eat my food as soon as it comes out.
All that matters is the moment I have with the moment. It’s mine to enjoy and that’s what makes it worthy.
I’ve realized how of a habit it is to reach for that phone just to check in. Now I pick it up and realize there’s nothing to check, I put it back down to appreciate the present moment.
It’s empowering to know that I don’t need Instagram, I am in control, and that life will still flow for me, and I’m worthy regardless of whether I am seen or liked. #trueliberation
I’m not concerned with what others are doing. Hashtags, algorithms and likes aren’t consuming me. Perfecting a photo is not a concern.
I can ditch the make up, the tidy hair and the pristine clothes – let’s face it that is probably why we can’t make that channel work, because what parent has time to look so damn polished and set up the perfect Instagram pose.
As Kalyra is always reminding me, “Mum you’ve got lipstick on your teeth, or your sunglasses are crooked.”
“I apologize for the delay on our videos. I had to reshoot it as once I got all the footage on my computer to edit it I noticed I had lipstick all over my teeth!!”
I share more of this style of content to my VIP Email Travel Tribe. Weekly personal stories to uplift and inspire. Come join us. It’s free. And I can send you information to help with the area you want most help in related to travel. Let me know on the form.
My break is teaching me that all the other aspects of my business – our blog, our email, Pinterest, and, once upon time, Facebook have grown and flowed really well, almost miraculous in some parts, because creating for them and participating in them has been a joyful experience for me.
I want to stop thinking that the amount of likes I get is important. It’s about connection and community. How you I help others? If I can only help one person then it’s a major win.
I’ve always had this approach in every other aspect of my business and it has flowed so well. I have no attachment to stats on other platforms because I am attached to serving only.
How can we get joy from this platform, use it as a way to connect and share, without letting it control our lives?
I’ve been doing soul searching again lately and looking deep into my heart. And it told me, “maybe I’m saving you from wasting a lot of time. Maybe your heart energy serves a better purpose elsewhere.”
One teacher shared that it’s so easy for animals to know what makes them special and what they are here for. Birds just won’t all out of the sky and fish won’t drown. They know their special place.
But humans struggle so much because we are so bombarded with what other people think is best and what we should do and who we should be.
We have to look deep within our hearts to find out what we are here to do. For each of us it is different. It’s why it’s essential to listen to your heart to find the answer then use that something special to make a difference.
You may think that you can’t make a difference, but like the butterfly effect, only a small ripple of authenticity, integrity and love coming out of your heart, can cause instrumental changes in people and energy across the globe.
And abstain. You don’t have to quit. Just take a break. See how you feel without it. Give your soul time to figure out how you can perhaps make it joyful or permanently eliminate it.
Because you don’t have to do anything but feel free and joyful. That is the core of your existence and the truth of it.
Congress typically legislates in short, fruitful bursts between long periods of dormancy. This week kicks off a short stretch where we will learn whether we’re in a moment of activity or inertia, and just what the next phase in the fight over health care will be. But whether the GOP bill survives this week or not, liberal defenders of Obamacare will have to remain vigilant.
The Senate has not and may never find a way to dispatch the Republican health care bill. Here’s where we’re at: Two Republican senators — Maine’s Susan Collins and Nevada’s Dean Heller — are reportedly hard “nos” because the legislation repeals too much. Another, Kentucky’s Rand Paul, is a hard no because it repeals too little. That’s enough to scuttle the bill; with a 52-48 majority, Republicans can only afford two dissenters and still overhaul the Affordable Care Act through the majority-vote budget reconciliation process.
Utah’s Mike Lee won’t consent to the bill without Ted Cruz’s “consumer freedom” amendment, which would allow insurance companies to sell non-compliant plans on the Obamacare exchanges, as long as they sold compliant plans alongside them. Paul and Cruz have conditioned their votes on inclusion of the amendment as well.
This would bifurcate the market — the sick would need the full benefits in the compliant plans, while the healthy would take the cheaper non-compliant option, making compliant insurance astronomically expensive. That prospect has lost the support of West Virginia’s Shelley Moore Capito. Susan Collins doesn’t support it. Iowa’s Chuck Grassley labeled the amendment a “subterfuge” to get around the requirement to issue insurance to those with pre-existing conditions. So you can’t pass a bill without the Cruz amendment, nor can you seemingly pass one with it.
Plus, rural-state senators have suddenly recognized the impact of the Senate bill on rural hospitals, which could lose millions of dollars in federal support. Around half a dozen rural senators have withheld support.
Mitch McConnell, whose entire history in politics has been one of obstructing rather than advancing progress, will try to hammer out a deal with his entire caucus on Tuesday, using hundreds of billions of dollars to buy votes through funding pet projects. And the president is applying pressure as well. But it’s a long shot. Two GOP senators admitted over the weekend that the bill was likely dead for the year.
There are plenty of incentives for Senators to just bag health care amid a packed legislative agenda, which includes passing a budget, raising the debt limit, reauthorizing several must-pass programs and getting to what really amps up Republicans: cutting taxes. The health care bill is mostly a vehicle to cut taxes on the wealthy and corporations anyway, and the GOP initially wanted to pass it first, lowering the baseline for revenue and allowing subsequent bills to cut taxes even further. But at some point, it might dawn on members of Congress to just give up and cut taxes without having to mess with people’s health care, a topic that has derailed many an agenda in Washington.
But health care doesn’t go away if Obamacare repeal falters. McConnell has already suggested that he would have to work with Democrats to shore up the individual market if the Senate bill failed. Insurers have pulled out of several individual markets in recent months, although others have taken their place. Other senators have already reached out to Democrats to find solutions.
President Trump is not on board with the bipartisan approach, saying he would call for a fallback of repeal without a replacement. That’s literally where Republicans were in January, before several of them deemed such an outcome impractical. But conservatives will recoil at any bipartisan proposal aimed at fixing a law they want consigned to the dustbin of history. Even if the Senate managed some compromise to shore up exchanges, House passage is unlikely.
There are plenty of ways to use the stacked legislative calendar to improve the health care system. A budget compromise could appropriate cost-sharing payments to insurance companies, a sticky subject that has caused much of the insurer abandonment of the individual market. A bill needed to fund the Food and Drug Administration with user fees on pharmaceutical companies could be a vehicle to attack the high cost of prescription drugs, and dismantle cartels that keep prices for medical devices out of reach. Sadly, conservatives have denounced progress to improve health outcomes in favor of a kamikaze strategy against a law they don’t like. So Republicans are stuck.
Unfortunately, so are those in the individual market, who have no health care options from their employers and too much income to qualify for indigent-care programs. Trump remains a would-be Obamacare saboteur. The Department of Health and Human Services has already degraded the insurance exchanges, making them friendlier to business and more burdensome to customers. And HHS has moved to allow states to opt out of Obamacare rules. If the IRS stops enforcing the collection of tax penalties for not carrying health insurance, known as the individual mandate, risk pools could lose even more healthy customers, triggering market collapse.
All this means that the resistance to overturning Obamacare through legislation will probably need to turn to the much knottier problem of the government undermining it from within. It’s harder to protest selective enforcement or subtle rulemaking than to challenge a bill. But as long as Republicans control the policymaking apparatus, they can still generate the failure of Obamacare they’ve been broadcasting since the law’s passage in 2010. That presages an epic blame game, with millions of patients caught in the middle. And that crisis will accompany more opportunities to overthrow the law.
Sooner or later, Republicans will have to figure out if they want any kind of legacy of this fleeting time in control of Washington.
Dr. David Fowler’s staff is scrambling to keep up with the surging stream of corpses flowing through the doors. In his...
Has the Republican strategy of tax cuts as a supply-side stimulator expired? Fiscal conservatives may have found...
I spent part of my Fourth of July weekend at the new Museum of the American Revolution in Philadelphia. Amid George...
David Dayen has been writing about politics since 2004, first as a blogger and then as a freelance journalist. He is a contributing writer to Salon.com, and also writes for The New Republic, The American Prospect, The Guardian (UK), Politico, The Huffington Post, Alternet, and more.
It's been 3 months away from home, it's not a big deal for a lot of people but for me who stayed at a place for 25 years, it just makes you feel how things have completely changed for you or you have changed ! During this process I have learnt an important lesson, be the change [...]
﻿The business, contact, location, address and all other information presented on this site are for reference purposes only. The information and data published on this site cannot be used for any kind of decision making as they may be inaccurate. Please use the data/information published here carefuly and with full understanding that data/information may be outdated or inaccurate. Our team updates information several times a year however due the dynamic nature of data presented we cannot guarantee the accuracy of records published.
If my partner wants to dance Jitterbug, I will dance it. If my partner wants to dance Waltz, I will dance it.
KAR Auction Services Announces Preliminary Results of and Amendment to Cash Tender Offer for Notes | KAR Auction Services
Carmel, Ind. — KAR Auction Services, Inc. (the “Company”) today announced preliminary results of its previously announced cash tender offer, made pursuant to the terms of an Offer to Purchase dated November 12, 2010 (the “Offer to Purchase”), for its 10% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2015 (CUSIP No. 48238QAF2) (the “First Priority Notes”) and its 8¾% Senior Notes due 2014 (CUSIP No. 48238QAE5) (the “Second Priority Notes” and, together with the First Priority Notes, the “Notes”). In addition, the Company announced that the tender offer has been amended such that the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased in the tender offer, together with applicable premiums to be paid in connection with the tender offer but excluding accrued and unpaid interest, will be $73,800,000 (the “New Maximum Payment Amount”).
As of 5 p.m., New York City time, on December 1, 2010 (the “Early Tender Date”), $106,307,000 aggregate principal amount of the First Priority Notes and $66,751,000 aggregate principal amount of the Second Priority Notes have been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Because the aggregate principal amount of First Priority Notes that have been validly tendered for purchase and not validly withdrawn, together with applicable premiums to be paid in connection with the tender offer but excluding accrued and unpaid interest, is in excess of the New Maximum Payment Amount, the Company does not expect to accept any validly tendered Second Priority Notes for purchase and, therefore, such Second Priority Notes will be returned to holders as soon as practicable.
Holders of First Priority Notes that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn on or before the Early Tender Date will receive the applicable Total Tender Offer Consideration for any such First Priority Notes accepted for purchase in the tender offer. Holders of First Priority Notes that are validly tendered after the Early Tender Date but before the expiration of the tender offer will receive only the applicable Late Tender Offer Consideration for any such First Priority Notes accepted for purchase in the tender offer.
Because the aggregate principal amount of First Priority Notes validly tendered for purchase and not validly withdrawn, together with applicable premiums to be paid in connection with the tender offer but excluding accrued and unpaid interest, will exceed the New Maximum Payment Amount, the amount of First Priority Notes accepted for purchase in the tender offer will be subject to proration. The Company will determine the final proration factor as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date and will publicly announce the results of proration.
The time and date at which the tender offer will expire is 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on December 14, 2010 (unless extended). The Company currently expects the tender offer to be settled on December 15, 2010.
This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any Notes. The tender offer is made only by, and pursuant to the terms of, the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal, the Company’s press release relating to the tender offer issued on November 12, 2010 and this press release. The information in this press release is qualified by reference to those documents, except to the extent the terms of the tender offer described therein are amended by this press release. Subject to applicable law, the Company may further amend, extend, waive conditions to or terminate the tender offer.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. is the Dealer Manager for the tender offer. Persons with questions regarding the tender offer should contact Goldman, Sachs & Co. at (212) 902-5183 or (toll-free) (800) 828-3182 (Attention: Liability Management Group). Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other related materials should be directed to Global Bondholder Services Corporation, the Information Agent and Depositary for the tender offer, at (212) 430-3774 (for banks and brokers only) or (866) 294-2200 (for all others and toll-free).
KAR Auction Services, Inc. (NYSE: KAR) is the holding company for ADESA, Inc., a leading provider of wholesale used vehicle auctions whose operations span North America with 70 used vehicle sites, Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc., a leading salvage auto auction company whose operations span North America with 159 sites, and Automotive Finance Corporation, a leading provider of floorplan financing to independent and franchised used vehicle dealers with 88 sites across North America.
Certain statements contained in this release include “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and which are subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties. In particular, statements made that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words such as “should,” “may,” “will,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected, expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those matters disclosed in the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
Sorry, you must have the wrong number nline viagra-cialis brand Topshop are always a trusty choice for bikinis - just ask BeyoncГ© and Selena Gomez, who have sported their styles this summer. What's more, this one is still in stock, so snap it up now by clicking the link (right). Or, look to our edit below of the best alternatives.
accutane uk side effects When asked what he thought about a possible eventual Tiger target of 100 career PGA wins, Spieth said: "He's separating himself as No. 1 in the world right now again, just like he was when I was growing up, and that's something that me personally and everybody else...is striving to close the gap, and surpass.
saffron extract for weight loss side effects In intermittent rain at a sodden Muirfield Village Golf Club, the world number one had trailed after bogeying the par-five seventh but he got in front when Sterne bogeyed the 16th and sealed the win with a comfortable par at the 18th hole.
trazonil 25 People will have to order more than one cone to have a truck come to them. Depending on the city, six ice creams will cost to . The trucks will be out from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. local time. Three cities - Miami, Houston and Portland, Ore. - will have the ice cream service available even though local laws don't allow car-hailing apps like Uber to operate, Kalanick said. Uber is currently available in 35 cities, up from about a dozen at this time last year.
proventil hfa coupons 2013 The Johns Hopkins' report said "additional scientificevidence has strengthened the case that these (non therapeutic)uses pose unnecessary and unreasonable public health risks" ofallowing bacteria to develop resistance to antibiotics.
I'd like to order some foreign currency levitra mlhx The "SRRV Courtesy" visa is for individuals age 50 or older who are either former citizens of the Philippines or ambassadors or diplomats who have served in the Philippines. The terms and conditions for the courtesy visa are the same as for the "SRRV Classic" program.
cheap isotretinoin online McCoach said Canada's securities commissions are consideringthe proposal. He said he has been informed that regulators insome of the country's provinces have already drafted exemptions,but would not say which provinces are moving on the idea.
terbinafine 1 emulsion gel A survey by the state-backed Development Bank of Japan showed large companies planned to increase capital expenditure by 10.3 percent in the fiscal year that started in Марта, up from a 2.9 percent increase the previous year.
fluticasone propionate nasal spray directions cost walmart “The world watches so carefully the decisions we make in Washington, sometimes they watch more closely than we even do, and our finest moments of any era we achieve great things and provide a model for democracy that inspires people everywhere, but when we let partisanship override citizenship, when we fail to make progress on the challenges facing our people here at home our standing in the world suffers,” Clinton said. “America’s democracy is not a birth right nor is our global leadership, it must be earned and preserved by every generation.”
can you buy male enhancement pills at walgreens They claimed he methodically prepared for the attack by practicing at a local shooting range, making frequent visits to a gun store to stock up on ammunition and studying the schedule of the building he carried out the shooting in.
We need someone with experience cymbalta buy online But in Brazil, Twitter quickly handed over the Internetprotocol addresses of three accounts as a demonstration of its"good faith, respect and will to cooperate with the Brazilianjudicial power," the company's lawyers said in a legal filinglast Октября.
ic trazodone 50 mg pour dormir Pallone and Booker, as well as Rep. Rush Holt, will face off in the Democratic primary in Августа and the special election will take place in Октября. В The Holt campaigns did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
t6 xpn fuel "There are still some things that need to be known," said Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who told Clinton earlier this year he would have fired her after Benghazi. Paul told The Associated Press he hoped to learn what weapons were used in the attack and whether they had any connection to U.S. intelligence operations in Libya or Syria. Nuland, he said, "was Hillary Clinton's spokeswoman and I'm guessing she was in the room for a lot of conversations."В
generic amoxicillin clavulanate The prospect that Summers might get the nod, amid reportsthat former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and other DemocraticParty heavyweights were waging a behind-the-scenes campaign toget him selected, stirred a hornets nest of criticism, andelicited votes of support for Yellen.
proventil coupon code Martens most recently served as chief litigation counsel forthe Division of Enforcement at the SEC. Although his main jobwas to oversee other lawyers, he tried the case against Tourre,the highest profile case to emerge from the agency'sinvestigations into the causes of the 2008 financial crisis.
I'd like to speak to someone about a mortgage buy montelukast cheap The trustees terminated Houlne in accordance with Section 14, Subsection F-5, of the Rockingham Free Public Library's Personnel Policy and Procedures Manual, which pertains to disciplinary action against library employees. The trustees also voted to offer the job of interim library director to Emily Zervas. Mitchell-Love told the Reformer Zervas had verbally accepted the position for the time being.
hersolution melatonin ГўВЂВњThereГўВЂВ™s a perception in China that the UK does not want to see Chinese tourists and businesses,ГўВЂВќ he added. ГўВЂВњThe Government talks good talk about doing business with China, but itГўВЂВ™s one thing saying it and another putting that into action.ГўВЂВќ
nolvadex research chemical buy The executive board of Brazil's state-run oil company PetroleoBrasileiro SA approved the sale of the company'sstake in two oil prospects in Uruguay's Punta del Oeste Basin toRoyal Dutch Shell Plc for million, according to afiling late on Friday.
define epitrachelion The 'Big Four' banks were mostly lower. Westpac Banking Corp slipped 0.3 percent while National Australia Bank fell 0.5 percent. Top lender the Commonwealth Bank ofAustralia bucked the trend, rising 0.7 percent.
amlodipine besylate 2.5 mg for cats He said in a statement MetLife was notified by the FinancialStability Oversight Council (FSOC) that it had reached "Stage 3"in the process to determine whether the insurer would be named anon-bank Systemically Important Financial Institution (SIFI).
This site is crazy :) tenormin 50 mg daily Apple's developer site, which the company uses tocommunicate with its community of close to 6 million softwaredevelopers, was back online on Friday, though some sections,including the forums and the member center, were still offline.
clomiphene citrate 50 mg buy online It is not hypocritical of Matt., People/ the real reason he wants his kids in a private school has to do with safety, and having a clean place to go to the bathroom. Г‚В And to be able to walk the school grounds with other people of wealth. Not with the gang banging thugs and want be thugs. He does not want his kids exposed to racism, and every other kind of Bs that goes on in large city public schools. and he can afford to send them to schools in neighborhoods that have no crime or very little crime. It is his kids he also has a wife who gets to choose where her children go to school too, not just matt. Get real people if you had his money where would you send your kids. also matt has friends whos kids go to the same school, that may have something to do with it too. It does not mean he does not care about education for poor kids , but his own come first that is natural.
buy montelukast sodium tablets Pepper is eyeing the Capital Finance operation, whileconsortium partner Bank of America Merrill Lynch is looking tobuy the BOS International corporate loan book, according topeople familiar with the process.
buy albendazole online "I've seen nothing to change my view of where she isrelative to monetary policy in the last two or three years," hetold CNBC television. "She wasn't someone I could support backin 2010. I doubt that's going to change."
amlodipine actavis 5 mg tabletten "Negotiations for the 777X work share are ongoing, and thatmay be influenced by the JAL decision," a government officialwho helps oversee Japan's aerospace industry told Reuters oncondition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the talks.
I didn't go to university tenormin ls 50 mg “We take user safety seriously and have guidelines that prohibit any content encouraging dangerous, illegal activities. This includes content promoting the sale of drugs. YouTube’s review teams respond to videos flagged for our attention around the clock, removing millions of videos each year that violate our policies.В We also have stringent advertising guidelines, and work to prevent ads appearing against any video, channel or page once we determine that the content is not appropriate for our advertising partners,” YouTube said in a statement. “YouTube has developed proactive systems that work to prevent ads from running against objectionable content. This includes content classified by our systems as related to pharmaceuticals. Any video content containing terms associated with prescription drugs is also blocked from receiving advertising.”
online juntos feminine rejuvenation Fusion-io is Virident's biggest competitor in terms of technology, and Western Digital is unlikely to buy it after its Virident acquisition, Technology Insights Research LLC analyst Nehal Chokshi said.
dormonoct high The United States and France had been poised to launch missile strikes to punish Assad's forces, which they blame for the chemical weapons attack. Syria denies it was responsible and, with the backing of Moscow, blames rebels for staging the attacks to provoke U.S. intervention.
sinarest generic name The committee is likely to propose retaining an article that exempts Egypt's powerful military from financial or political auditing, insiders on the body said. Mursi, anxious not to alienate the defense establishment, had also left this alone.
para que es ciprofloxacino 500 mg After a four-week trial, a federal jury in New York found the bank liable on one civil fraud charge. Countrywide originated shoddy home loans in a process called "Hustle" and sold them to government mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the government said.
A law firm nexium mups 20 mg anwendung Beyond this analysis, we’ve listened to the women themselves. They’re asking for tutoring for advanced campaigns, plus mentorship — not from their peers, but from those who have made it to higher levels.
buy testoripped Gulf Keystone said M&G candidates Philip Dimmock, John Bell,Thomas Shull and Jeremy Asher did not have "the consistent trackrecord of successful operational and commercial experience, inany sector, that is required for a FTSE 250-sized company".
epidural steroid injection high blood pressure State security officers first questioned Wang in 2011 in Hunan province after he had drawn a cartoon that said "One person, one vote, to change China". Wang asked them whether he was still allowed to draw cartoons.
aripiprazole abilify sleep disturbance The temporary resolution, under which the United States haspaid Brazil 7 million a year since 2010, was supposed to lastfor a couple of years while Washington wrote a new farm law thatwould eliminate long-standing U.S. cotton subsidies. The U.S.Congress is months behind schedule in drawing up thelegislation.
amlodipine 2.5 mg atenolol 25 mg Bullfighting in Spain adds more than .2 billion a year to the Spanish economy and directly employs more than 10,000 people. But it's not just about the matadors, their agents and bull breeders, FernГѓВЎndez Molina says. Madrid's annual San Isidro festival brings in more than million to the city during its 30 nights a year of world-class fights, according to one study.
What sort of music do you like? order trileptal online Some experts aren’t convinced that the oxygen found on the surface of the white dwarf is a clear sign that water existed on an orbiting asteroid, however. “The link of the pollution of a white dwarf to the inventory of water in an earlier planetary system is a very interesting scientific question still under investigation,” says exoplanet researcher Lisa Kaltenegger of Harvard University and the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Germany, who was not involved in the research. Claire Moutou, another exoplanet specialist at the Laboratory of Astrophysicsof Marseille in France, agreed. “I find the analysis/conclusions of the paper reasonable, as far as the amount of oxygen available to lie in H2O molecules is concerned. The interpretation of the origin of this water content is more speculative.”
buy albenza online uk The action takes place in a womenГўВЂВ™s prison where inmates are presenting the tragedy of power and alliances. ItГўВЂВ™s refreshing that the show trusts the audienceГўВЂВ™s intelligence and makes only minimal effort to underline connections.
testaplex steroids I would keep her in jail until she was too old to have children, or until she agreed to compulsory contraception or sterilisation. We did nothing to help baby Peter while he was alive. The least we can do now is make sure no poor child will ever call Tracey Connelly mother again.
cost paxil canada Pilots will be able to install personal software and keep their own items such as photos on the personal section of the devices, while another portion will be dedicated to Delta's software, Dickson said.
what types of cancer is methotrexate used for Early results from financial companies were mixed. WellsFargo & Co and JPMorgan Chase & Co postedprofits that beat forecasts, though JPMorgan said it might beforced to accelerate cost-cutting because of difficult marketconditions.
I'd like to open a business account nexium mups 20 mg magensaftresistente tabletten "We have often put moral issues ahead of faith instead of the opposite," conceded another official, a monsignor who is the deputy head of a major Vatican department. "What the pope is saying is that rules are a consequence of faith. Faith is not a consequence of rules. You can't substitute faith with moralism."
alli buy online People on the outside probably don't fully understand the difficulties in going to a new car, and the different requirements to put it on a knife-edge, get it in the zone and get those last tenths of a second out of the car that a good driver should be able to.
dormonoct 10mg Projections from public broadcaster ARD showed her ChristianDemocrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party, the ChristianSocial Union (CSU), with 297 seats in the Bundestag lower house,against 301 for the combined opposition.
nexium b12 absorption Sweden's Artemis Racing suffered a disastrous accident in Мая, when its boat broke apart and capsized, killing British Olympian Andrew "Bart" Simpson. That incident, which came after an Oracle boat capsized late last year, prompted a series of rule changes including a substantial decrease in the wind limits.
paxil buy online no prescription Witt is still scarred by the backlash the German public inflicted upon her in the early 1990s when the Stasi files were opened and revealed how many special favors Witt and her family received in addition to having their lives blindly manipulated. But the non-judgmental open-mindedness of the American directors appealed to her.
What's the last date I can post this to to arrive in time for Christmas? sizegenetics permanent Best Buy spokesman Matt Furman said the company's balance sheet and credit profile have improved significantly under Joly. He cited the example of a bond it floated recently, priced in investment-grade range and "significantly oversubscribed," as a sign of confidence in the company.
testoripped side effects Eli Lilly and Co and the Alzheimer's Association haveobjected to the draft guidelines, issued last week by the U.S.Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the agency that runsMedicare. Both plan to pressure CMS to change the guidelines,saying they deny some patients the chance to get an accuratediagnosis. The final rule goes into effect in Октября.
is ziprasidone generic for geodon "We paid a steep price in talent to acquire Matt, but we did so knowing that we've got other guys in the system," Daniels said. "What it comes down to, ultimately why we got him, beside the desire, is we had the players to do it."
hersolution gel malaysia Mr D’Oyly said: “Consumers typically do not end up in court for a minor case of coupon abuse – a few pounds off – but there have been a few court cases where people were making a living out of this.” In Июля 2011, a Cambridgeshire couple, Nigel and Penny Ward, pleaded guilty to reusing their Tesco Clubcard vouchers dozens of times to obtain almost ВЈ1,100 worth of free groceries in what is believed to be the first prosecution for voucher fraud. The couple, who claimed they had fallen on hard times due to illness, were sentenced to a 12-month community order and ordered to pay ВЈ250 each in compensation to Tesco.
buy amlodipine besylate 5mg We based ourselves in St Jean-de-Luz. HГґtel la ResГЁrve has it all: rooms with or without self-catering facilities; a beautifully sited infinity pool set among green lawns and overlooking the ocean; excellent food. From there it was a lovely walk down to the town and beaches via the Botanic Garden on pretty Pointe Ste‑Barbe.
Where's the postbox? can you buy tinidazole over the counter We know more about how this sort of thing operated in Devon and Cornwall than in most other places, thanks to a police inquiry, Operation Reproof, almost unpublicised until now outside its local area. It was launched in Января 2002 after a Plymouth property developer, David Welsh, complained he was being blackmailed by his business rivals who had hired private detectives to buy information about him from corrupt police officers.
dose maximum doliprane par jour If plans for large-scale CCS are turned into reality, theSligo, Hosston and Carrizo formations could one day become asfamous as the oil-producing Bakken shale in North Dakota andTexas' own Eagle Ford. Sligo/Hosston could become the Ghawar ofthe storage business.
apcalis dangers Of the people with broadband connections in this country, only 22 per cent pay the extra cost for superfast packages. But that's still 4.8m people -- more than double last year's number -- suggesting the technology is growing fast.
epidural blood patch procedure video For example, Time Inc, a division of Time Warner Inc, the largest magazine publisher in the United States,was one of the last holdouts to join Apple's newsstand. Thestandoff was because the world's largest technology company didnot want to share subscriber data with the publisher of SportsIllustrated and People.
buy albuterol online canada "Nishikori looked very confident to begin, I thought it would be very tough for Dan, but then he won four games on the run and Nishikori has gone on a mental walkabout. He looks as if he is ready to throw the towel in."
Is it convenient to talk at the moment? montelukast sodium tablets ip 10mg One of the bombs detonated on Sunday evening in an employeerestroom and the second exploded outside the Tom BradleyInternational Terminal on Monday, causing some flightdisruptions. An unexploded device was found later that night.
albendazole cheap NEW YORK, Июля 16 (Reuters) - The dollar eased and U.S.stocks fell on Tuesday, snapping an eight-day advance by thebenchmark S&P 500 index, as investors took a cautious stancebefore the Federal Reserve chief's testimony to a U.S.congressional panel on Wednesday.
hersolution reviews the doctors Patrick and Sylvie Quibel say that very few of their 700 neighbours around Auzouville-sur-Ry (10 miles east of Rouen) have ever visited their garden, Le Jardin Plume, in spite of it being open five days a week. Although there has been some revival of interest, making and visiting gardens remain minority pastimes in France. And yet, when the French do direct their innate sense of style to a garden, something rather special can result.
buy permethrin spray australia PRINCETON, N.J. – In a profession noted for longevity, it's not surprising that Michael Graves, the noted architect and designer of housewares for Target and J.C. Penney, is still going strong at 79 years old. I.M. Pei is still with us at 96, Frank Gehry is 84, Frank Lloyd Wright lived to 91 and, going way back, Christopher Wren was 90 when he died in 1723.
paxil cr rxlist MANCHESTER, England, Sept 29 (Reuters) - British PrimeMinister David Cameron began setting out his stall for the 2015election on Sunday by talking up a contested plan to boost homeownership and suggesting Britain may ditch Europe's main humanrights treaty, an object of hatred for Eurosceptics.
What do you study? stopping atenolol 12.5 mg This is one reason why several economists still expect the RBA to keep monetary policy loose and even cut rates again if necessary. It has already slashed the cash rate by 225 basis points since Ноября 2011 to a record low of 2.5 percent.
buy neurontin canada It is also, of course, a position of privilege. My job allows not only for a prime spot against the glass but also forays behind it to see the momentous and ridiculous up close. I have profiled hundreds of political figures over the years and have spent considerable time in their presence (and who knows why they continue to allow this?). They will often play to caricature—their own and the city’s—but they are also human beings who are usually engaged in important work. The entertainment value here can be great but ultimately incidental. Washington is not Hollywood (or “Showbiz for Ugly People” as the dumb clichГ© goes). The stakes are real and higher.
ciprofloxacino bula pdf Juan Paulo Horvath and Victoria Galoto start things off. Each emerges from behind an oversized bandoneon, an accordion-like instrument with a distinct melancholy tone. It cleverly conveys that music and dance are inseparably woven.
buy elimite 5 cream The San Fermin festival, which honors the patron saint of this northern city, dates to the late 16th century and is also known for its all-night street parties, where copious quantities of red wine from Navarra and Rioja are consumed and sprinkled around.
no prescription wellbutrin Chili's and other full-service U.S. restaurants arestruggling to compete with chains such as Chipotle Mexican Grill and Panera Bread Co, which offer frugal diners high-quality meals at lower prices. The full-service restaurantcategory, also known as casual dining, has been aggressivelypromoting deals to lure diners but success has been limited.
Where did you go to university? terbinafine hydrochloride cream 1 w/w Its most advanced drug candidate, however, is a treatmentfor amyloidosis, a rare condition caused by mutations in thegene that produces the protein transthyterin (TTR). The mutationleads to an abnormal build-up of proteins in various organs.
will rogaine grow facial hair ypenburg "Even now, after years of civil and criminal litigation, there is no evidence that Kilpatrick has accepted responsibility for his crimes in office," prosecutors wrote. "Nor is there any sign of remorse or contrition."
cipla finpecia india A Community-Health Management combination would preserve Community's rank as the second-largest for-profit U.S. hospital operator, behind HCA. On its own, Community will drop to No. 3 when Tenet completes its acquisition of Vanguard.
clomid buy online cheap At Central School of Speech and Drama he shared the gold medal with Peggy Ashcroft, but his inclination to clown saw him sacked from his first job with a touring company (he cut a hole in the back-cloth to reveal the naked bodies of the women changing backstage). The critic James Agate once described him as “a comedian by instinct, a tragedian by art”, which may seem a contrary statement to make about a man thought one of the great tragic actors of his time, but carries more than a kernel of truth. In company Olivier loved to make people laugh and on stage excelled in comic roles. The actress Jane Lapotaire recalls how, when playing the minor part of the butler in a production of Feydeau’s farce A Flea in Her Ear, he turned “a play about a woman who thinks her husband is unfaithful to her” into “a play about a butler who works for a woman who thinks her husband is unfaithful to her”.
testosterone enanthate 300 mg price Subsequently, the Bank of Japan launched a massivebond-buying programme in Апреля as part of its monetary easingprogramme. This has driven the dollar 13 percent higher againstthe yen, while the euro is up 13.5 percent so far this year.
I can't get a signal online pharmacy tech programs in nc NEW YORK, Июля 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock prices fell onWednesday, retreating further from their record highs ondisappointing results from several top companies, whilestronger-than-expected U.S. and European factory data spurredselling in safe-haven U.S. and German government debt, sendingtheir yields higher.
rogaine for hair loss look thinner A family statement issued through the Foreign and Commonwealth office said: "On Wednesday 24th Июля, while holidaying with his family on the Atlantic coast in south-west France, Kieran Knight, aged 16, got caught by a strong undercurrent and was unable to make his way back to shore.
parapharmacie discount city pharma 26 rue du four 75006 paris Renfe president Julio Gomez Pomar was quoted by El Mundo newspaper as saying the 52-year-old driver had 30 years of experience with the company and had been operating trains on the line for more than a year.
seroquel xr 300 mg sleep teva-quetiapine Stephens, meanwhile, handled her first Grand Slam quarter-final with great composure. Having started tentatively, she went on the attack after going 2-0 down in the second set. "From then on I got aggressive, started coming to the net more," she said.
How would you like the money? oral cytotec for iud insertion Except none of it was true. Rodriguez, now a 20-year-old college student, made headlines in 2011 when she faked her own pregnancy as part of an elaborate social experiment designed to shatter stereotypes and teach a few lessons. Earlier this year, she published a memoir, "The Pregnancy Project," which documents her time "living down to others' expectations."
dostinex tablets price Steve Westnedge plays his saxophone for a Leopard Seal known as “Casey” as part of a study on the animal’s reactions to different sounds at Sydney’s Taronga Zoo. The seal occasionally responds with his own sounds, depending on the time of year, which are normally used when wanting to attract mates or establish territories. REUTERS/David Gray
phenergan mg per kg Khloe's cap is by Eugenia Kim and is available now at Shopbop - click through to steal her style. It's quite pricey for a baseball cap but the leather will be good quality so you know you're investing in something that will last.
advil cold and sinus daytime dosage He produced overwhelming conviction and a brutal virtuosity. A second service which had briefly become a neon-lit embarrassment was placed in the margins of an irresistible charge to the finish line. His total of aces reached 21. His belief that he would meet Djokovic soared.
can i buy lansoprazole over the counter The BBC presenter made an apology at the beginning of Sunday's coverage of the men's final for his "clumsy" and "ham-fisted" comments, which he said had "understandably caused something of a furore".
Could I have , please? cvs pharmacy job application online Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg all have specially structured corporate tax arrangements, but so do other EU member states. In the majority of member states, the effective corporate tax rate is nearly always lower than the nominal rate, which is usually the result of "sweeteners" in the tax code.
can nyquil cold and flu pills get you high That could alter the landscape in the U.S. auto sector,opening door to similar efforts at plants owned by Germany'sMercedes in Alabama and BMW in South Carolina, andpossibly those owned by Japanese and South Korean automakers,analysts have said.
order libitol Some defence analysts said they were surprised by Turkey's decision, having expected Raytheon Co or Eurosam SAMP/T to win the contract, and U.S. government and industry officials were reportedly not informed of the selection beforehand.
is 600 mg of seroquel a high dose zzzquil "Diana said to him in the car, 'Now listen, William, there's going to be a lot of photographers at your new school, so you need to behave yourself.' And he, in this sort of just William way, said to his mother, just below the pink cap, 'I don't like 'tographers,'" Wharfe said.
Whereabouts in are you from? canadian online pharmacy blue sky Some analysts over the last few months also said the drug could be the company's next biggest potential growth driver after Elagolix -- Neurocrine's most advanced clinical product, developed in partnership with AbbVie Inc, to treat uterine fibroids and endometriosis pain.
lloyds pharmacy uk online Jansen is the only remaining "mega project" for BHP -projects intended to capitalise on its low costs - after itshelved its billion Olympic Dam mine last year and a planfor a new harbour to boost Australian iron ore exports.
can buy strattera online For 'Baby Mama' star Amy Poehler, life imitated art when the comedienne welcomed Archie Arnett, her first child with hubby Will Arnett, on Oct. 25, 2008. Poehler worked throughout her pregnancy, and even walked the red carpet at the Emmy Awards just a month before she was due. Ever the trooper, the former 'SNL' funnywoman managed to be back in top form just in time for the L.A. premiere of new NBC show, "Parks and Recreation" on Апреля 9, 2009.
order obagi tretinoin "As long-term owners," says Mr Slyngstad, "we need to "make sure that the companies are long-term profitable, and not only good for the investors, the shareholders, but for society at large.
steel libido red amazon In the House of Representatives, Congressman Mark Meadows, a Republican from North Carolina, has been trying to rally House Republicans behind the government shutdown strategy and plans to release a letter on Thursday signed by lawmakers who support that tactic.
I'm on business dosage for clindamycin 300 mg Col. Charlie Galvez Jr., commander of the 104th infantry brigade, said that National Front rebels tried to assault the city from several directions but were repelled by government forces.
comprar viagra en mano madrid Like most Brazilian politicians, Rousseff harbors a deep mistrust of free trade, particularly on Washington's terms. On several occasions, she has accused the United States of unfairly boosting its exports through expansionary monetary policy.
buy nizagara 100mg At the Thomson Reuters LPC 19th Annual Loan and CLO Conference in New York on Сентября 19, half of those surveyed forecast billion to billion total CLO creation by year-end and 29 percent look for to 75 billion.
seroquel xr coupons online aaj tak Mr Cregan set up his Dorset-based company with sister Suzie just three years ago, after developing a taste for iced coffee while travelling in Tasmania and finding nothing to match it once back in the UK.
roche accutane buy online isotretinoin I don’t really buy the heat flux to the deep ocean explanation. Such a flux would be continuous unless the heat conductivity of the oceans changed (which there is no reason to believe), so that doesn’t explain the discontinuous pattern of world temperatures that have actually been observed. They’re grasping at straws to save their scientific reputations. It’s unfortunate because the increase in CO2 is not a matter of debate and is a potential problem in and of itself. CO2 combined with water to produce carbonic acid. This will cause world-wide aquatic acidification. How serious I don’t know, but it clearly needs to be considered for it’s own merit.
I'd like to send this to sex pills 7 eleven A lurch to the left did not help the SPD regain much ground as core voters are still angry over painful reforms in the last decade that cut unemployment benefits and raised the retirement age, even though they are now credited with restoring German competitiveness.
coreg cr carvedilol phosphate She doesn't hold back, either. In this shot, the "Pour It Up" singer showed off her svelte figure in a multi-colored sequin bra, panties, choker necklace, head wrap and face jewels. She completed the look with silver cuffs on both wrists.
online prozac legal Wind is the fourth-largest telecoms player in Canada, butboth it and other new entrants have struggled to turn a profit.Last month, Mobilicity, one of the smallest players in Canada,filed for creditor protection.
order finpecia uk As he explains, it was an enjoyable character to play: “It is a comedy and the character I play is a bit over the top, flamboyant, vulgar, repulsive, so it was fun playing it. I don’t think I would really label it as a comedy, it’s still your quintessential Hindi entertaining film. It has the comedy, the romance, the drama, the action. It’s basically taking the piss out of yourself. It’s quite exciting because it is a new genre for me. “
order macrobid Wei-Yin Chen takes the mound for the Orioles. Chen hasn't received a decision in his last five starts and has only one win over his previous 10 appearances. The lefty is 2-2 with a 5.08 ERA in six games when facing the Red Sox.
I sing in a choir generic finasteride cost oeiras Barcenas, who had previously denied the handwriting in the ledger was his, said in Sunday's El Mundo interview that he had lied and it was indeed his script. He said the photocopies published by El Pais were a fraction of the documents he had that detailed illegal financing of the party.
buy generic tamoxifen uk If the crisis over Iran's nuclear program is to have any chance for a peaceful resolution, then the United States and like-minded nations must take all possible non-military actions, now rather than later, to compel Iran to halt its drive to nuclear weapons-making capability and comply fully with its international obligations. First, lawmakers can ensure the Obama administration fully implements existing sanctions. Second, the United States and other nations can do more to restrict Iran's energy exports. And third, Washington can work with allies and partners to halt Tehran's access to non-local currencies.
amoxil drops mg The agenda Obama laid out for the rest of the year appearedto presage more partisan fighting. He called for House action ontwo major items that cleared the Democratic-controlled Senateearlier this year but collapsed in the House: an overhaul of theU.S. immigration system and passage of a 0 billion farm bill.
sexual peak performance pills directions Of the 90 companies that replied to the poll, held betweenSept. 2-13, two-thirds reported a neutral outlook, just lessthan one-third were positive on their prospects and about 1percent reported a negative outlook.
xenical buy Before oil was discovered in the 1950s the UAE's economy was dependent on fishing and a declining pearl industry. But since 1962, when Abu Dhabi became the first of the emirates to begin exporting oil, the country's society and economy have been transformed.
Who's calling? generic remeron 15 mg antidepressant Mr Megson added: "Not only do people need to shop around to ascertain what deals are available but they also need to consider whether their health or lifestyle might have an impact on their annuity income."
fincover hair loss The world’s leading gold miner, Barrick Gold, believes that the entire industry’s all-in sustaining costs of production are now ,200 an ounce, up from 0 in 2002. With the gold price at ,280 today, the gold industry as a whole is only marginally profitable and close to haemorrhaging cash.
cheap cockstar Let's take up both sides of the question: on the one side, the factors that made consumers so eager to get their favorite tracks for free, even if the quality was inferior and the ethics were questionable, and on the other, those factors that made consumers so willing to pay a premium for the devices they used for storing those tracks and listening to them.
natural alternatives to nexium maalox tagamet prilosec AARP also is urging that the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has the power to regulate mortgages, establish standards to make sure consumers are matched up with the most appropriate loan products for them.
cabergoline for sale cheap The Kiwis first won the America's Cup in 1995 andsuccessfully defended it in 2000 before losing the trophy threeyears later to Swiss biotechnology billionaire ErnestoBertarelli's Alinghi in a disastrous campaign that left the teamin shambles.
Recorded Delivery eli 20 pill Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov, both 19, pleaded not guilty onAug. 13 to the earlier charges that they tried to block the huntfor Tsarnaev and his brother, and that they sought to destroyevidence by throwing it in a dumpster near their apartment.
nexium discount coupons The co-coordinator, Prof Alex Rogers from Oxford University has been asked to advise the UN's own oceans assessment but he told BBC News he had led the IPSO initiative because: "ItГўВЂВ™s important to have something which is completely independent in any way from state influence and to say things which experts in the field felt was really needed to be said."
accutane treatment uk V53 said he felt "a bit of apprehension, a bit of nervousness" before the operation. He said this was because he had "a healthy respect" for the armed gang that police were investigating, Tottenham Man Dem, which was responsible for a surge in gun crime and the supply of class A drugs, because they were "good at what they do".
purchase flagyl for dogs Donatelli, a rising star that Wall Street analysts onceconsidered a candidate for a tech CEO position, relinquishes hispost as chief of the unit, which sells server, storage andsoftware services to large organizations. He will now focus onidentifying early-stage technologies for investment, the companysaid.
kirkland signature sleep aid Working with a team of researchers led by Daniel Orringer, a physician and lecturer in the University of MichiganГўВЂВ™s Department of Neurosurgery, Harvard researchers were able to show that the technique can be used to detect tumors in living mice, and in human brain tissue.
good material thanks buy cheap zofran They found that six of the eight chemicals reduced in volume when mixed with diesel fumes, and two disappeared completely within a minute - meaning the profile of the chemical mix had changed. The odor mixed with clean air was unaffected.
purchase metronidazole dogs According to Verizon's website, they "provide converged communications, information and entertainment services over America's most advanced fiber-optic network, and deliver integrated business solutions to customers in more than 150 countries." The company also works for HHS and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services on other information technology contracts.
nexium sales figures Darren Caplan, CEO, The Airport Operators Association, said: “Despite the detrimental affect APD is having upon Britain ability to attract international tourists, the Government is also planning to increase APD yet further, missing the opportunity to attract foreign spenders to these shores.”
ГЇВ»Вїcockstar According to UK researchers, shift work often leads to sleep deprivation and disruptions to the circadian rhythm (body clock) and this has been previously linked to an increased risk of certain conditions, such as breast cancer.
where to buy kirkland signature sleep aid They also focused on the way asylum seekers who claim to be lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or intersex are treated. The report found they faced ГўВЂВњextraordinary obstaclesГўВЂВќ in persuading immigration officers of their case.
I do some voluntary work difference between generic and brand name pharmaceuticals The news emerged as Barclays detailed plans for a bigger-than-expected Г‚ВЈ5.8bn rights issue to satisfy the new banking regulator, which has identified that Britain's second-biggest bank needs an extra Г‚ВЈ12.8bn of capital.
cheap sex pills 7 eleven An expert on investor behaviour and markets, Professor Kay last year presented a major report to the Government looking at the way companies fail their shareholders by being too focused on short-term outcomes.
que es el medicamento cipralex Meredith Baxter, best known for her role as the free-spirited mom on hit '80's television sitcom 'Family Ties, revealed she is a lesbian to 'Today' host Matt Lauer in Декабря 2009. Baxter, 62, says of her coming out: 'It was a later-in-life recognition.'
careprost (bimatoprost ophthalmic) - 0.03 (3ml) Al Qaeda-linked Islamist militants in the Sinai have stepped up attacks on soldiers and police since the army toppled Mursi and have on occasion extended their campaign into major cities. A Sinai-based group claimed responsibility for a failed suicide bombing targeting the interior minister in Cairo in Сентября.
I want to report a buy generic tamoxifen uk “Facebook has already made progress in combating abuse by requiring more personal information, and making it harder to create ‘throwaway’ accounts, and that’s something Twitter might also consider,” she concluded.
cheapest place to buy prilosec ** Private equity firm Kelso & Co is in advanced talks tosell Custom Building Products Inc to peer Quikrete CompaniesInc, in a deal that could value the company at between 0million and 0 million, three people familiar with the mattersaid this week.
coupon for ventolin inhaler Air pollution has become a curse for millions of city-dwellers in Asia, posing a mounting risk to the very young and very old, pregnant women and people with heart and respiratory problems, say experts.
cipralex costs in canada "The most prudent thing for India to do is to complete allrelevant investigations - including the CBI inquiry - and tomake a decision based on these findings," said Jon Grevatt,Asia Pacific Defence Industry Analyst at IHS Jane's.
buy topiramate online no prescription The latest Wisconsin legal skirmish follows similar lawsuits in Mississippi and Alabama, where courts have likewise blocked statutes requiring admitting privileges for physicians to perform abortions, according to data published Июля 1 by the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit organization that supports abortion rights.
It's serious tretinoin gel buy online uk “With unemployment still high and declining only gradually, and with inflation running below the Committee’s longer-run objective, a highly accommodative monetary policy will remain appropriate for the foreseeable future.”
dulcolax laxative Brazil's Foreign Trade Chamber, a trade and industry body, onThursday implemented anti-dumping penalties on imports of steelplate from China, South Africa, South Korea and Ukraine.According to a post in Brazil's government gazette, thepenalties will last up to five years and will be applied on"such material produced in those four countries."
zyprexa 0.5 Known as a pragmatic operator, he is believed to be willing to play the role of a peace ambassador, having once reached out to Kabul to seek a peace settlement. He was arrested in Pakistan in a joint U.S.-Pakistani security operation.
carvedilol 3.125 mg tablet "With the Back To Sleep (campaign) and the overuse of car seats, and people not holding their babies like they used to, we've sort of rediscovered this problem with infants' head shapes," Stellwagen, who wasn't involved in the new study, told Reuters Health.
best drugstore concealer for oily Enrico Beltramini, former Gucci board member and managing director of Fashion Tech Accelerator, said as tech and fashion increasingly merge as a trend, Deneve will bring a special sensitivity to aesthetics and knowledge of the high-end consumer market to Apple.
Where's the postbox? buy alli in uk Shares of the company, which closed at .82 on Июня 28 before news of the sale process, have since surged more than 50 percent to trade above 0, valuing the South San Francisco, California-based company at around .5 billion.
lotrel 10 40 coupons Currently, Starbucks stores get Wi-Fi speeds at an average of 1.5 Mbps, according to press reports. Beginning today, new U.S. company-operated Starbucks stores will get "up to" 10 times faster network and Wi-Fi speeds.В Over the next 18 months, Starbucks will convert more than 7,000 U.S. stores to the upgraded network and Wi-Fi.В
para que sirve el medicamento carvedilol de 25 mg Mr Obama summed up by saying that a “resolution” of the impasse over Iran’s nuclear ambitions was achievable. And he accepted that his new Iranian counterpart, Hassan Rouhani, could be a worthy partner in this ambition.
olanzapine overdose Right. A big one. Edwards, and the rest of these high-profile NFL TV analysts, better keep both eyes on him. For none of them, not one, can bring it the way Ryan does. They better hope the Jets somehow have the kind of season that would inspire John Idzik to bring Ryan back in 2015. Or that Ryan gets another coaching job.
prescription xenical It features extreme sharpness, strong color saturation, a swirly bokeh effect, artsy vignetting, and a narrow depth of field thanks to its large f/2.2 aperture — many of the same features characteristic of its 19th century predecessor.
I live in London metronidazole 500 mg purchase Halliburton, BP and rig owner Transocean Ltd are all defendants in a federal civil trial that began in Февраля to apportion blame and set damages for Macondo. The trial is scheduled to resume in late Сентября.
fluticasone propionate nasal spray safe while breastfeeding "To our best knowledge, this is the first report of probable transmissibility of the novel virus person to person with detailed epidemiological, clinical, and virological data. Our findings reinforce that the novel virus possesses the potential for pandemic spread," the Chinese team said.
where to buy ibuprofen cream During closing arguments, Zimmerman's attorney attempted to portray him as a neighborhood activist who shot Martin in self-defense and prosecutors attempted to paint him as a wannabe cop whose misguided suspicion resulted in the teenГўВЂВ™s death.
amitriptyline 25 mg for nerve pain Iyer is confident that Britain has already got the edge on other European countries when it comes to building strong ties with India. “My diplomatic colleagues keep looking at what we’re doing and saying: 'That’s interesting. We want to try that’,” he laughs. “It’s safe to say the UK is ahead of the curve.”
price of flagyl 500 mg Data on weekly U.S. initial jobless claims and nationalmanufacturing came in better than expected. The Institute forSupply Management said its index of national factory activityfor Июля rose to its highest level since Июня 2011.
this post is fantastic pumpkin seed oil uses skin He said the militants fought the attackers back with guns and grenades. After the attack, Al Shabaab posted photographs online of what it said was abandoned US military equipment. On Monday, hundreds of masked fighters arrived in Barawe to reinforce the town against any further attacks, according to Al Shabaab.
what is amlodipine 10 mg Later, a car bomb exploded in a busy street in Nasiriyah city in southern Iraq, killing four people and wounding 41 others, officials said. Nasiriyah is about 200 miles (320 kilometers) southeast of Baghdad.
rogaine foam available in canada The agency is working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine if Missouri's cases are linked to suspected outbreaks in several other states. The CDC says most of the reported illnesses occurred from mid-Июня to early Июля.
sumatriptan bluefish tablet omhuld 100mg Europe has always been mono-cultural. It's just an inescapable fact. We have had this multicultural farce enforced upon us by the unelected Soviet European Union. It should be noted that a large proportion of the EU commission are ex-Soviet apparatchiks. The chairman of the EU Commission - Jose Barrosso, is an admitted Maoist. The EU's Socialist/Communist economic policy is pulling the UK apart; as we face "austerity" at home, we pay Г‚ВЈ55 million a day to the corrupt unaccounted bureaucracy known as the EU. The Lib/Lab/Con should face trial over this illegal state of affairs.
purchase zithromax z pak Scientists have long suspected that Mars was warm, wet, and hospitable to life when it was a relatively young planet, some three and a half billion years ago. Indeed, the very first rock Curiosity excavated from beneath the Martian surface contained hydrogen, carbon, oxygen, and nitrogen — the key building blocks of life.
Very funny pictures prevacid cost comparison Some investors say the company must now look at all of its options, from a sale of the whole company to a sale of parts. Its valuable patent portfolio and high-margin services business could draw interest from technology companies.
toprol xl dose conversion The successful arrival means Orbital Sciences can start making good on a .9 billion contract with NASA for more Cygnus deliveries, each one carrying more and more cargo. The next one could fly byВ Christmas.
what is sumatriptan Schneiderman is now seeking to have Greenberg and his co-defendant, former AIG Chief Financial Officer Howard Smith, banned from the securities industry and from participating as officers or directors of public companies.
buy singulair 10 mg Media also forecast that the main opposition Democratic Party of Japan, which surged to power in 2009 to end more than half a century of almost non-stop LDP rule only to be ousted last year, could suffer its biggest drubbing since its founding in 1998. That would raise concerns about prospects for a competitive two-party democracy.
buy valtrex uk "This is already budgeted and we are talking about 3 billionriyals compensation for the land to be acquired," said IbrahimBin Muhammad Al Sultan, president of the Arriyadh DevelopmentAuthority, the state body handling the project.
There's a three month trial period propecia uk price boots U.S. oil prices slid more than to their lowest since early Июля as stocks in the Cushing, Oklahoma, oil hub began to reverse a months-long decline. U.S. crude oil dropped .62 to settle at 0.67 a barrel.
prevacid solutab coupons 2013 * Coach Inc disclosed a new round ofexecutive departures on Tuesday and reported disappointinghandbag sales in North America, dashing investor hopes that theleather goods maker will rebound anytime soon.
bond testosterone Mario Borghezio had attacked Kyenge for wanting to impose "tribal traditions" in Italy as member of a "bonga bonga" government, an apparent play on the so-called "bunga bunga" parties of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
clindamycin 1 topical solution for acne The contamination scare has led to products recalls incountries from China to Saudi Arabia, and Fonterra has comeunder attack both at home and abroad for dragging its feet indisclosing the discovery of the bacteria during a four-monthperiod between Марта and Июля.
cheap finasteride online It has been looking at opportunities to expand overseas in parts of Europe, according to sources familiar with the matter. The theory is that there is more growth left in data services in some European markets than in the United States.
Do you need a work permit? allopurinol uk online Macau University which finished construction of its Hengqincampus in Июля this year on a site 20 times larger than itsMacau location, will formally welcome students in Febrary nextyear. The university, which can accommodate up to 15,000students, will be operated under the laws that govern Macau, andnot mainland Chinese regulations.
300 mg gabapentin (generic for neurontin) More than 800 books have tackled the Kennedy assassination, which McLaren called the "Holy Grail" of assassination cases. Another two dozen are scheduled this fall, along with a dozen or so TV series.
levsin drops price However Professor Rosie Woodroffe, a badger expert at the Zoological Society of London and a key member of the trial team, said that the failure to kill enough badgers meant the trial should be stopped.
aldactone costo ied ГўВЂВњItГўВЂВ™s a really extraordinary find,ГўВЂВќ said paleoanthropologist Marcia S. Ponce de Leon in a press conference Wednesday announcing the findings. ГўВЂВњFor the first time, we can see a population from the early Pleistocene. We only had individuals before. Now we can make comparisons and see the range of variation.ГўВЂВќ
buy cipralex us Touted at Pakistan's answer to Beavis and Butthead, it is the brainchild of friends, Ramish Safa and Nofal Khan. The pair conceived the idea during their long commute to university and started to produce the work in 2011.
I'm not interested in football slimex online reviews Google Inc, the world's largest Internet searchcompany, is pursuing the same opportunity through its GoogleShopping Express test, which started same-day deliveries in theSan Francisco Bay Area earlier this year.
allopurinol cost uk "In some ways, suing kind of defeats the purpose," Levine says. "If someone is really concerned that a story is hurting their reputation ... adding to it by threatening to sue just keeps it public and alive for longer."
clomid success 50mg uk Buying at the highest end of Sharon's real estate will set you back millions, but will likely get you more than your average home. The .8 million Victorian, for example, sits on five acres and includes a sister home, a guest home and 200feet of lakefront access.
tadapox in farmacia No matter what a smartwatch can do, no matter how much technology you pack into it, only a tiny minority of highly motivated geeks are going to walk around with a giant, dorky gadget lashed to their wrists.
price of vigora tablets "Family members stated that Erica always seemed to be `grounded' and never allowed to interact with the family," once being beaten so hard with a toy gun that it broke into pieces, a sheriff's office investigator wrote.
I'm on work experience best place to buy finasteride uk Professor Carole Comerton-Forde from the University ofMelbourne published research in Июля entitled 'Dark trading andprice discovery' and found only high levels of specific types ofdark trading were damaging to Australia's stock market. She isconfident the results would be similar in Europe.
discount rogaine SIR – Allison Pearson (“After Kenya, no more turning the other cheek to those who hate us”, Comment, Сентября 26) asked where the Muslim condemnation of the Westgate attack in Nairobi was. Soon after the attack, the Supreme Council of Kenyan Muslims condemned al-Shabaab and their actions as un-Islamic, and a week later joined in multi-faith prayers for the victims and their families. Somali clerics did the same. In early Сентября, after an earlier attack on a restaurant in Mogadishu, 160 Somali religious scholars had issued a fatwa against al-Shabaab, saying that the organisation had no basis in Islam.
order orlistat online Morsi himself has been held incommunicado by the military since his ouster. Last week prosecutors announced they had launched an investigation into the ousted president on charges of murder and conspiring with the Palestinian militant group Hamas to carry out an attack on a prison during the 2011 uprising against Mubarak. The jailbreak allegedly led to the deaths of inmates and broke Morsi and around 30 other members of the group out of detention.
tadapox en mexico ГўВЂВњI came up here and my goal was not to be the MetsГўВЂВ™ starting first baseman. I know that is not realistic,ГўВЂВќ said Satin, 28. ГўВЂВњOf course, I want to play. I came up here to prove I can play here, to make myself part of the team so they would find ways for me to play.ГўВЂВќ
buy singulair online "No, that constitution is over," he told the Catholic channel Salt and Light Television. "Now it's something different. We need to write something different. But it's not going to take one month or two months."
Free medical insurance buy topamax cheap no prescription "We may have a few dips on the way, but the trend is on the up," he said. "In the world of ideas, the only idea that is there in the Arab world is the Islamic idea, the idea that Islam and modernity go hand in hand, that Islam and democracy go hand in hand."
tricor signs secunda The biggest drag on the Dow was International BusinessMachines Corp, down 2.4 percent at 0.87, after CreditSuisse cut its rating on the stock to "underperform" from"neutral," saying organic growth would be challenging in thefuture. Credit Suisse also cut its price target on the Dowcomponent by to 5. IBM topped the list of the Dow's 10worst-performing stocks.
clindamycin phosphate topical solution 1 percent Ryan's piece in the Wall Street Journal failed to mentionObamacare, the word Republicans coined to describe PresidentBarack Obama's signature healthcare reform law, while Cantor'sarticle in the Washington Post made only a passing mention as hecriticized Obama for refusing to negotiate over the debt limit.
buy omeprazole online india The numbers bear that out: Lending Club issued 3.4 million in consumer loans in Июля, a 288% jump over last year. But the company's public profile might be growing even faster than its business. Originally launched as one of Facebook's first applications back in 2007, Lending Club has emerged as the most successful of a series of startups -- Prosper is another -- that have attempted to disintermediate banks by connecting borrowers directly with lenders.
foods coq10 found GlobalPost health reporting fellow Harman Boparai travels to India, where he was once a physician, to take a deeper look at child health in his home country. This story is focused on twin girls born in India's Panna District, which has one of the nation's highest child mortality rates.
this post is fantastic metformin cheap price Why are you making excuses? Get over it. Being a high school dropout is a CHOICE. Being a drug addict, teen mom, gang banger, criminal, etc. are CHOICES. I am so tired of others negative life choices being 'excused' away, and not taking PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY for those CHOICES.
buy cheap finasteride 1mg Parliamentary Speaker Bogdan Borusewicz was an opposition leader who organized the first wave of protests in Августа 1980. He remembers Walesa as someone who ГўВЂВњwas a very good strike leader, who never committed any mistakes and neither did other strikers.ГўВЂВќ
how to order orlistat Marc Staal and rookie Jesper Fast both got caught out of position on Blues goals, as well. But the Rangers (1-4-0) still saw a ton of positives, including a display of the resilience that defenseman Dan Girardi had said seemed ГўВЂВњfragileГўВЂВќ in losses in San Jose and Anaheim this week.
buying valtrex in uk The U.S. tire maker on Friday affirmed its profit forecastfor the year and reinstated a common stock dividend. The companyalso announced a 0 million share buyback program. It said theprogram was intended to offset new shares issues under stockcompensation programs.
azithromycin purchase * Chinese state owned conglomerate Yue Xiu Enterprises(Holdings) Ltd is seeking a one-year bridge loan to back itsacquisition of a stake in Hong Kong-listed Chong Hing Bank Ltdbanking sources said on Wednesday.
I'll send you a text why was stiff nights taken off the market ГўВЂВњAt least now we have an inkling as to how males and females behave differently and how these behaviors vary with resource changes or environmental changes,ГўВЂВќ Lowe said. ГўВЂВњIt gets us a step closer to the ability to better understand why incidents occur.ГўВЂВќ
abbott patient assistance application for tricor “It should be emphasised though, that although Legionella seem to be common in compost, human infection is very rare, especially if you consider the volume of compost sold and used,” she added.
clindamycin 1 solution uses Potbelly Corp said late Thursday its initial publicoffering of 7.5 million shares had priced at each. In itsfirst day of trading, the stock more than doubled to .84,with more than 14 million shares changing hands.
what is spironolactone 50 mg used for acne Russia has made clear it would not accept an initial resolution under Chapter 7 and that any punitive measures would come only in the event of clearly proven Syrian non-compliance on the basis of a second council resolution under Chapter 7.
Crouch studies Carlsen's progress in recent years and demonstrates how he learned lessons from previous setbacks, turned weaknesses into strengths, losses into draws, and draws into wins. By doing so Carlsen was able to elevate his play to a stratospheric level, but any aspiring chess player can use similar methods to improve their game.
And indeed, words like ‘childhood’, ‘family’ and ‘friend’ are conspicuously missing in Magnus Force, as are ‘television’, ‘girlfriend’ and ‘Liv Tyler’. Even the word ‘father’ is absent. All this means that Magnus Force tells only half the story, which is still a pity. As the secret of Carlsen’s superstar status isn’t his attractive playing style (Crouch makes that very clear), nor his outspoken views on (chess) politics - or anything else for that matter (except perhaps football), there must be an altogether different dimension to Magnus Carlsen’s success that isn’t revealed in Crouch’s book.
But what is it? Could it be that it’s precisely that absence of other aspects that make Carlsen such an attractive role model for chess? Looking at his predecessors, they all seem to have had ‘something else’ they were associated with: Kasparov with politics, Karpov with the Soviet regime, Fischer with his paranoia. Carlsen, by contrast, seems to be just chess - the most perfect embodiment of pure, uncomplicated chess to date. Which is why Magnus Force may not be limited because of its intended scope after all - but because of its subject.
To help make this website better, to improve and personalize your experience and for advertising purposes, are you happy to accept cookies and other technologies?
TECHCRUNCH French startup BlaBlaCar is announcing plans to acquire Ouibus, the bus division of France’s national railway company SNCF. For the first time, BlaBlaCar is moving beyond carpooling and plans to offer both long-distance carpooling rides and bus rides. BlaBlaCar already ran a test with Ouibus for the past six months on popular corridors. It looks like both companies are happy with this test as SNCF is willing to let BlaBlaCar run Ouibus from now on. As part of this deal, BlaBlaCar is announcing a new $114 million investment (€101 million) from SNCF and existing BlaBlaCar investors. I’d guess...
TECHCRUNCH French President Emmanuel Macron gave a speech at the Internet Governance Forum at the UNESCO in Paris. While the IGF has been around for a while, it hasn’t been as active as some would have hoped. That’s why the French government is issuing the Paris Call, a short three-page document on cybersecurity. President Macron hopes to foster the IGF and create a subgroup of countries (and companies) that can agree on cybersecurity issues. “Fist, internet works and is here. And even though news bulletins are riddled with cyber incidents, we blindly trust tech tools,” Macron said. And yet,...
TECHCRUNCH Facebook and the French government are going to cooperate to look at Facebook’s efforts when it comes to moderation. French regulators will launch an informal investigation on algorithm-powered and human moderation. Facebook is willing to cooperate and give unprecedented access to its internal processes. This announcement is the result of informal talks between Facebook’s top executives and the French government that started with the Tech for Good Summit back in May. Former British Prime Minister and Facebook Vice-President for Global Affairs and Communications Nick Clegg unveiled the program during a lunch reception at the Élysée. “It is in...
TECHCRUNCH Meet Bubble a bootstrapped startup that has been building a powerful service that lets you create a web application even if you don’t know how to code. Many small and big companies rely on Bubble for their website. I have to say I was quite skeptical when I first heard about Bubble. Many startups have already tried to make coding as easy as playing with Lego bricks. But it’s always frustratingly limited. Bubble is more powerful than your average website building service. It recreates all the major pillars of web programming in a visual interface. It starts with a design tab. You start with a blank canvas and you can create web pages by dragging and dropping visual elements on the screen. You can put elements wherever you want, resize maps, text boxes, images and more. You can click on the preview button to see the development version of your time whenever your want. In the second tab, you can create the logic behind your site. It works a bit like Automator on the Mac. You add blocks to create a chronological action. You can set some conditions within each block. In the third tab, you can interact with your database. For instance, you can create a sign up page and store profile information in the database. At any time, you can import and export data. There are...
TECHCRUNCH A few years ago, nobody would have bet that space exploration would become so exciting again. But everybody is talking about space again, from Mars to satellites, launchers and observation. That’s why we invited Frank Salzgeber from the European Space Agency to talk at TechCrunch Disrupt Berlin. The European Space Agency needs little introduction. It has been one of the earliest and most successful European programs with 22 member states and many key innovations. The agency participates in the International Space Station program, is in charge of unmanned exploration missions on multiple planets and more. The ESA also develops its own launcher with Arianespace and maintains a spaceport at Kourou. Ariane 5 recently celebrated its 100th launch, and I still have vivid memories of the first flight when I was a kid. Ariane 6 is right around the corner with a test flight scheduled for 2020. It’ll be much more efficient than Ariane 5 at half the cost. But Arianespace is still facing competition from smaller launchers, such as the SpaceX Falcon 9 and the Chinese Long March 3B. Now that satellites are getting smaller and smaller, cost is becoming increasingly important compared capacity. And if you think we shouldn’t forget about human space flights, Salzgeber agrees with you. He’s been defending human exploration at the ESA and keeps saying that “a society that stops exploring stops progressing.”...
TECHCRUNCH Photomath just raised a $6 million funding round from Goodwater Capital with Learn Capital also participating. Photomath has created a hugely successful mobile app for iOS and Android with 100 million downloads so far. Photomath first launched at TechCrunch Disrupt London back in 2014. The company was working on text recognition technology. Photomath was just a demo app to promote that technology. But the startup accidentally created a consumer success. The app instantly attracted millions of downloads from many desperate students willing to learn math with their phones. Years later, the app is still one of the most...
TECHCRUNCH French startup Lydia is launching an insurance product for your mobile phone. For €4.29 per month ($4.89), you can insure your phone from the Lydia app. Lydia is one of the most popular peer-to-peer payment apps in Europe with 1.5 million users. Think about it as a sort of Venmo or Square Cash for Europe. More recently, the company started offering more options to manage your money with a premium subscription and additional features. While Lydia doesn’t want to replace your bank and insurance company, the company is offering an insurance product for the first time. Lydia is...
TECHCRUNCH Fintech startups are growing rapidly in Europe. But it doesn’t mean that the fintech revolution is limited to Europe. That’s why I’m glad to announce that Lizzie Chapman from ZestMoney is coming to TechCrunch Disrupt Berlin to talk about her unique Indian startup. ZestMoney wants to make it easier to lend money to buy goods online. In the U.S., the vast majority of people have a credit card and a credit score. But India is a different market, and ZestMoney is trying to replace the credit card altogether. When you shop on an e-commerce website in India, such...
Is this the year you up your Thanksgiving dinner hosting game? Are you taking your recipes to the next level? Well, why not do the same with your kitchen and enter to win a Kitchen #Upgrade.
Invest in that kitchen gadget you didn't even know existed until two weeks ago but you saw on Pinterest that it's a game changer.
Rip off those "builder's special" kitchen cupboard handles and replace with something that screams "you."
Replace your mismatched early-'90s fast food restaurant freebie glasses with some nice dishwasher-safe goblets.
Finally get one of those bouncy area rugs that stop your back from hurting after chopping veggies for hours on end.
Enter for your chance to win by getting social with us – follow us on Twitter, subscribe to us on YouTube, download our app, or sign up for our newsletter to enter this contest.
2018 KXRB 1140 AM/100.1 FM is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Jonsi – “Go Do” The Sigur Ros frontman steps out on his own with his new solo record Go. This song is both the lead single and the first track on the record, and features Jonsi singing in both English and Hopelandic, the language he invented. He is taking this show on the road through… Read more »
Hello and happy Easter to you! I hope you will take a minute and leave a note, polite comments, song or artist suggestions and any links to where music can be listened to or better yet purchased. New to me this week: Jonsi The Beta Band The Auteurs Rafter __________________________________________ Nouvelle Vague/Sandra Dee “Road to… Read more »
© 2018 North Texas Public Broadcasting, Inc. | Privacy/Terms of Use | KXT Contest Rules | Jobs | Contact
"Hilary is cheerful and merry. She is the ray of sunshine because of her blissful and joyful personality", Blow writes. By using color blocking, unexpected color pairing and a hint of metallic, the studio most certainly captures this personality. Modern, refined, and timeless all at the same time, this really is a visual feast to the eyes.
"Aurora is the Northern lights, a beautiful and natural scene in the night sky. She is the symbol of mysterious and fascinating charisma." -Blow
Experimental Designer, dreamer, and traveling soul drawn to bold gestures, material explorations, and the tension created by opposing elements. KAT+muse is my playground--its a place where the weird and unusual are celebrated, my explorations are shared, and innovation is always in style :)
KATANA and Agrolink Flanders present the Agriculture 4.0 – Feeding the next generation Conference, May 11, 2017, bringing together high profile guests to discuss how technology will affect the agricultural businesses, research and Food 2030.
The agricultural sector is facing major challenges in terms of food security, climate change, water scarcity and energy demand. Exponentially advancing digital technologies have the potential to disrupt today’s agriculture. However, a smooth transition towards the digitized agriculture requires concerted actions between stakeholders and an integrated approach.
This one-day event will bring together entrepreneurs, investors, and industry experts from around Europe, featuring presentations, panel discussions, and networking opportunities, and will be an important occasion for all the stakeholders to meet, explore recent developments and future prospects in the digitization of agriculture. The focus is on discussing the socio-economic impacts and the impact on agricultural research and Food 2030.
11:10 – 11:30 National e-agriculture strategy as a tool towards bridging the digital divide in rural Europe and Central Asia: Nevena Alexandrova, Agricultural Research and Biotechnology Officer, Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
This event is co-hosted by KATANA, an EU-wide agribusiness accelerator, and Agrolink Flanders, a knowledge platform of 18 research institutions and practice centres active in primary production.
Note: Registration is free, but obligatory if you want to take part! Registration deadline: Saturday 6 May 2017.
I have been subscribed to attend this important meeting, but unfortunately the media outlet I work for, is not able to cover the travel cost from Athens-Greece to Brussels
Of course, if there is a chance for the cost to be covered by the organisers, I am still available to attend and cover the event publishing the outcome
Other wise, please don’t forget to mail to me any information about the sessions and the results, or any material for the media you maybe release
Dear Annita, we’re sorry to hear that you won’t be able to join us at Agriculture 4.0 event. However, we’ll be happy to provide you with further information regarding the event. We have your contact details, and you can expect a lot of interesting material from us. Greetings from KATANA team at Novi Sad, Serbia!
Dear Sir/Mamdam: I am not able to attend this interesting event, may you please send me all domcuments after this symposium. Highly appreciate your kindness.
Hello, thank you for your interest in Agriculture 4.0. The material will be available at the KATANA website, however, we will also feel free to send it to you directly.
New KATANA Deadline: Apply by 31 March 2017!previousCutting through the hype: what you really need to know about Agriculture 4.0next
Fasil Dawit on Opportunities for nanotechnology: creating materials with small dimensions that behave in a desirable way.12 months ago
This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement №691478.
zocalo kitchen nightmares kitchen nightmares the secret garden ca closed kitchen nightmares open or closed kitchen nightmares zocalo full episode.
kitchen nightmares zocalo full episode revisited designs boys theme bedroom,zocalo kitchen nightmares yelp episode after update gazette review full,kitchen nightmares zocalo full episode mary greg restaurant,zocalo kitchen nightmares greg yelp full episode after update,kitchen nightmares us season 5 episode chef zocalo mary yelp greg,zocalo kitchen nightmares greg revisited full episode,zocalo kitchen nightmares revisited full episode mary oil rubbed bronze bathroom basin faucet,watch kitchen nightmares zocalo revisited greg yelp,kitchen nightmares zocalo full episode yelp twitter revisited,zocalo kitchen nightmares mary greg amazing best and picture of restaurant full episode.
Beautiful velvet choker can be worn as a headband or belt as well. Features Swarovski Crystal elements.
Petit Takett – Love, Legacy, and Recipes from the Maghreb Opens September 1 at the Skirball Cultural Center
Our cooperation with Nicolo Tanda in Bocca restaurant, Tallinn and his desire to provide alongside fine dining authentic and homemade Italian cuisine, inspired us to open Trattoria La Bottega. Classic trattoria offers a cross-section of the best Italian cuisine, with a special emphasis on Italian food and wines consistency. Sardinian origin Nicolo favorites, fish and seafood are in our kitchen represented in significant proportion.
Within the Semester of Italian Presidency of EU, the Directorate General for Schools of the Ministry of Education, University and Research organizes two international events in cooperation with the European Commission:
- The meeting of the Directors General for Schools will take place in Verona on 20-21 November 2014, at the same time as the Job&Orienta Fair, a national event for education, training, guidance and work.
- The Conference on ECEC & ELL (Early Childhood Education and Care & Early Language Learning) will take place in Reggio Emilia on 18-20 December 2014 and will discuss and share experiences and best practices at European level on ECEC models and Early Language Learning.
Within the Semester of Italian Presidency of EU, the Directorate General for Schools of the Ministry of Education, University and Research organizes two international events in cooperation with the European Commission
TONGEREN - Every year, under the approving gaze of the leader of the ancient Belgic tribe Ambiorix, Tongeren’s Grote Markt becomes one massive pub for one weekend in August. Around 30 brewers showcase their beers at the 'Bierfestival', organised by Brouwerij Anders. Every weekend, somewhere in our country, you’ll be able to taste beer at some fair or festival. Tongeren is no exception. The main difference with other festivals is that Brouwerij Anders focuses on small breweries and beer firms. And the success of this formula is borne out by the number of visitors the festival attracts: just a few years after launch, the magic threshold of 10,000 enthusiastic beer lovers was exceeded this year.
These beer lovers are not only from Belgium; you can hear beer being ordered and discussed not only in Dutch, English and French but also in Italian and even in more far-flung Slavic or Scandinavian languages. More than ever, Belgian beer is popular abroad. Organiser Bart Durlet of Brouwerij Anders is a happy man: “Year on year the beer festival offers the chance to 30 smaller breweries and beer firms to present their products in an attractive location. Tongeren’s Grote Markt certainly fits that bill.” This weekend is the ideal opportunity for brewer to meet beer lover and discuss the brews on offer. The number of participating producers is deliberately kept small so that every visitor gets the chance to visit as many brewers’ stands as possible. Visitors get a journey of beer discovery with new surprises every year. At Tongeren, Brouwerij Anders launched its new IPA as well as its Limbiorix, a blond beer that uses only Belgian hops. However, the true beer lovers come along to taste the specialties, the beers you’d be hard pushed to find anywhere else. At the stand of the Bree-based BOM Brewery you could taste just such an exclusive product: their Triporteur from 'Heaven' and from 'Hell'. What makes this brewery totally unique is that they are the only producer in the world to bake their malt.
Another beer that was introduced to a wider audience at Tongeren was La Cress. This amber-coloured beer is produced using the seeds of watercress, a plant that is grown in vast quantities in Lauw, a village in the Parish of Tongeren. Bart Durlet and Davy Daniëls of Brouwerij Anders were very happy with the outcome of the Festival’s 2013 outing and were quick to predict that next year will be even better. Something to look forward to.
2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 January February March April May June July August September October November December All Months
the beautiful of life is not depend on how happy u are, but depend on how happy others can be because of u!
Packrafts 5-10 lbs and fit into a stuff sack the size of a backpack tent. Yet, they perform like a whitewater kayak…only FAR more STABLE.
6 days (Sunday – Friday) of hikes and floating around South Central Alaska. See the highlights of Alaska while engaging in exciting active physical activities.
This vacation tours from Seward, AK and Kenai Fjord National Park to Willow, Alaska the starting point for the Iditarod Sled Dog Race.
We meet you at your Anchorage Hotel at 4:00 pm for dinner and gear inspection (contact us for hotel recommendations for all budgets). It is important that you have warm clothes, adequate foot gear for hiking and floating, and solid rain gear.
Trips begin on Sunday: You should arrange your travel to Fly-in on Saturday, Fly-out on Saturday (or book our BIG ICE trip for Saturday and kayak around huge Ice Bergs) and depart on Sunday.
Morning: More training; we practice swimming in rapids, how to throw and catch throw ropes, safe fording,
Morning: Off to a new camp high in a mountain pass. We will be running a smaller very busy little clear water river today.
Morning Kenai River Canyon: This is a world-famous trophy salmon river. Most visitors float above or below the canyon because it is a non-motorized section of river that few visit due to the 7 mile lake paddle at the end. Ah, the value of a packraft, we roll them up, and hike 45 minutes out of the canyon, avoiding a long paddle or the smell of outboard fumes… Packraft…got to love it. This is a much larger river than what you have floated to date, lots of wave trains to float over, and salmon to dodge. Do not be surprised if your paddle bumps a fish. You’ ll be amazed at the hundreds of salmon swimming in the eddies. Where there are salmon there are bears. If we are going to see grizzly bears, this is the river. The relaxing hike out, just 45 minute climb out through a burn, allows majestic vistas of Skilak Lake.
Day 5 Thur We step it up today.Short drive to run a very small, very very busy creek . High in a mountain pass this creek takes several hours to run and ends right at our camp.
Day 6 Fri Your last day! We promise an eventful day. We pick the last river while you are on your week adventure. We make the decision based on river levels, weather, and the groups skill set.
Pick up at Anchorage Hotel 7 am. 1 hr drive to Whittier, AK, and drive through 2 mile tunnel to Prince William Sound. Board Water taxi for 45 minute ride to Black Stone Bay. We will kayak till 3 pm . We plan on making your Anchorage hotel or the Airport around 7:00 pm. This is our most popular one-day sea kayak trip. HUGE GLACIERS, seal otters, sea lions, seals, sometimes even whales. ICE ICE ICE, floating everywhere. Want to see the glaciers in those TB advertisement? This is the trip. (there is an additional price for this add on)
June 26 – July 1, 2016 (July 4th is a Monday, this is a great to maximize your total Alaska experience)
Includes: Meals Saturday arrival dinner, (Sunday breakfast is your responsibility). Camp meals Sunday lunch to to Friday lunch, packrafts, dry-suits, gloves, helmets, PFD, paddle, van pickup on Sunday, drop off at your Anchorage Hotel Friday
You SUPPLY: Breakfast Sunday , Dinner Friday, Tent , Sleeping Bag, sleeping pad, warm clothes, 2 pair of long underwear tops and bottoms, 3 pair wool socks, gloves, warm hat, sun hat, personal hygiene needs, fleece jacket, GOOD rain gear, WATER SHOES… running shoe is good. You need a shoe you can hike in and packraft in. When we say packraft, we mean total immersion, soaking wet everyday, water bottle, backpack.. at least 3400 cu inches(55 liter), with a waist belt.
Packing: Soft Zip Duffel. Please do not bring large hard shell roller bags. They take up a lot of space, and are not practical in camp. If you travel with such a bag please arrange to store it at your hotel for the week. A large backpack also works well.
Bank routing number only appears as 6 digits when downloading ACH gift transactions from Luminate Online
The Luminate Online plug in allows ACH direct debit transactions to be downloaded and added to Constituent records in The Raiser's Edge. When processing these transactions in the plug in you may notice that the routing number only appears as 6 digits instead of 8 and does not link to its Financial institution entered in Config > Financial Institutions resulting in no Bank name to be established.
We're glad it was helpful but sorry it didn’t solve your issue. If you need assistance, click Chat with Support below.
Thanks for your feedback. Help us make our products even better by sharing details in our Idea Banks or our online Community.
Thanks for letting us know. We'll work on clarifying the information in the article. If you need assistance, click Chat with Support below.
Thanks for letting us know. We'll work on updating the search engine to return more relevant results.
Blog Archive November (1) October (3) September (2) July (7) June (5) May (2) April (2) March (3) February (3) January (5) December (11) November (3) October (10) September (10) August (12) July (7) June (18) April (11) March (5) February (2) January (1) December (2) November (10) October (6) September (3) August (8) July (8) June (8) May (23) April (17) November (1) October (9) September (17) August (8) July (5) January (1) December (2) November (13) September (2) August (4) September (3) December (2) November (13) March (6) December (5) October (3) August (1) April (1) March (1) February (3) January (16) September (4) July (5) June (20) May (6) April (9) March (5) January (9) December (1) November (3) September (1) August (11) July (15) May (3) April (12) March (4) January (5) December (13) September (9) August (5) June (3) May (1) March (1) November (1) September (4) July (1) June (3) May (8) April (2) March (4) January (1) November (1) October (1) November (4)
Hey I’m back from a wonderful weekend of getting locked down by the chains of matrimony. Feels pretty good. What else feels good? College football and to some extent college football news. News like Jon Bon Jovi, Notre Dame, College Football Playoff, Big 10, SEC, Jim Delany, Big 12, Hulk Hogan, South Florida, Willie Taggart, Arthur Brown, Kansas State, Houston Texans, and Collin Klein. Continue reading Purple Yeti Roar 66: The Yeti Is Chained Down →
Ho man, am I stuffed. I never thought that I would be as stuffed as I was away from the family on the Thanksgiving as I am now. I know for certain that Thanksgiving is one of the best holidays out there now. Family is really getting together with friends and loved ones. Thanksgiving is a reason to get together with family and totally gorge yourself. I need to hit the gym pronto but first I will go over the Pick It and Stick It for this week. It’s some doozies and I mostly excited that great games come one after the other. It was like the second, third, and fourth helpings for me on Thanksgiving. Here’s the pick set:
Oh yeah! I’m already thinking about what to do for the tailgating experience this weekend. I’m not sure if we actually have a spot to smoke some meat so we may be grilling guerilla style. What does that mean? Slapping some meat in a backpack and finding some friendlies for grilling. It should be quite the adventure. Speaking of adventure, the corner has turned for Bryce Brown for Heisman. It’s up to the rest of the league to catch up. Let’s take a look at the pick set: Continue reading Pick It and Stick It 2011 Week 11: Saucy Selections →
Okay, it’s getting to be that time of year. We had a quick preview of it last night. Well the whole week, actually. As the season goes on now, there will be some games on every day of the week. We’ll definitely be knee deep into over Thanksgiving in a couple of weeks. But already last night was an epic match up between Virginia Tech and Georgia Tech. I just hope they don’t pile on big time games on Tuesdays. Tuesdays are for me. Please college football, don’t take my Tuesdays away. It’s the only real day I can recharge and get juiced for another week fo college football. I hope they don’t pick Tuesday but I do hope they Pick It and Stick It. Here’s this week’s fodder:
I have to admit, I am getting excited about going to a BBQ this weekend. It’s fun running around the city and checking out new places, but the home cooked food and good times with peeps you know is always a welcomed change of pace. It will be a little awkward, however, as I’ll be sneaking my laptop on over to get ready for the big night games heading our way. I more than likely will not be watching two games at once, but I will be prepared just in case. For everyone else, prepare yourselves for the Pick It and Stick It.
Yeah the night games have high contrasts in terms of spreads. Kansas State and Oklahoma State have a huge 21 point difference while Alabama and LSU have only 4.5. Yeah I know Arkansas and South Carolina are close together too at 5.0. Out of those, I think LSU will make it a toss up. Sorry but Kansas State blew its wad already and it will be hard to watch via streaming laptop Saturday night. Meanwhile, earlier in the day, there is nothing exciting. Big 12 wise, Texas is up big on Texas Tech, but that will be closer. Iowa State should hang one on the pathetic Kansas Jayhawks. Oklahoma will run right over Texas A&M. That Baylor against Missouri will be a shoot out. Everything else is seriously blah.
It’s high time to duke it out on the field for dominance on the college football landscape. The unbeatens will dwindle down here real soon, if not this weekend, and it’s everyone team for themselves. Please remember, however, by fighting I mean actually playing tough football. I do not mean actually fighting the opposing players. It seems in the last couple of weeks some players have been confused and took to fisticuffs. Heck 41 players are suspended because of a big brawl that happened last weekend. Please, when you go out there fight well in terms of football, not Mortal Kombat. Now, it’s time to go over the Pick It and Stick It and look for some fatalities. Finish Him!
Whew! Another close one for the Big 12. I swear, the Big 12 is the greatest thing since MTV’s The Real World. If you want to talk about the best conferences, then the one with the best drama factor definitely is the Big 12. Yeah, they are staying together but we really don’t know for how long. So while they hold hands again and tell everybody that things are cool, let’s focus on some actual football. This week’s Pick It an Stick It kind of reflects the noise off the field. Like the Big 12, most of the great games are stuck together around 2:30 Saturday. That’s fine for me and my barspotting trip, but how will it fare for the picks? Continue reading Pick It And Stick It 2011 Week 04: Sticking Together →
It’s the hustle and bustle of college football. At the beginning of the year, everyone is tied 0-0. Slowly and weekly, the winners bubble up and the losers peter out. We’re getting into week 3 and it’s still crowded. We haven’t yet hit the real bubbling point. Apparently it’s Road Test Weekend so we’ll more than likely get the cauldron cooking real quick. Speaking of being crowded, I’m planning and surfing the flesh at the Austin City Limits Music Festival. Granted I have Sunday tickets so it won’t be too bad, but Saturday’s at Third Base Sports Bar. Let’s hope people don’t bubble up vomit and I don’t peter out.
That’s right, I’ll be on a plane shortly but I want to get the picks up for the week. It’s hard to stay focused with the Big 12 in legal gridlock. You know, I thought professional wrestling was soap opera for guys but now I know that college football realignment is the real deal. No offense to the WWE, but this stuff is way better than the scripted stuff I used to watch. So as the conference turn, get your picks in and hope for the best.
You know, I was hoping the big news of the week would be the start of the college football season. The only thing that could overshadow it was Texas A&M leaving the Big 12. Welp they announced their intention to do so. Now that it’s official, the Big 12 must look to expand, which is more than what they did last year. Everyone is saying that BYU is the most likely candidate, and they are being very careful with their words . Even though they have been talking with the Big 12. Will it happen? Who knows, but there will be a boatload of speculation in the meantime. Well and Oklahoma is looking to take the lead in blowing up the league. Let’s hit up the Crib Sheet while we wait: Continue reading Crib Sheet: Conference Armageddon Again →
Oh wow let me see how I remember this. It’s a new year of barspotting and the first notch on the Austin belt is Doc’s Backyard. Most of the bars I will be to this season will be the first time that I’ve been there, except for Doc’s. It’s close enough to my new place and has some decent reviews. So how did it fare Saturday? The atmosphere reflects back onto the experience. Continue reading Doc’s Backyard Made Me Feel At Home →
Here we go with another year of Pick It and Stick It! This time I decided to go easy on people and not do confidence points throughout the year. It was just too much beef to handle week in and week out. So I cut that fat off and leaned it down to a tasty point spread straight up pick league. You can drop two weeks so if want to join up please do so at:
If you got any questions, please feel free to hit me up. Now let’s take a look at the first week’s pics:
Alrighty, football is here and you know what that means: Barspotting! For those of you not familiar with how Barspotting works, I basically tool around town and find places to watch college football then rate whether it’s worth it to check it out yourself. This year will be different because I’m in a whole new town. So I get to find a whole bunch of new bars review and also get the added benefit of finding my way around town. The first ever Austin edition of Barspotting will feature Doc’s Backyard in Sunset Valley, well, because they are real close to me. Not only that but they have a supposedly real tasty Chicken Fried Avacado. Let’s check out Saturday’s lineup. Continue reading Barspotting: Kicking Off A New Town of Barspotting at Doc’s Backyard →
Another week of Mascot Monday is bearing down and I’ve got another costumed character to pass judgement over. You know, it isn’t as bad as it sounds and we’ll prove it with this week’s mascot. A couple of weeks ago we featured a mascot by the name of Rocky and we are continuing that trend by looking at the University of South Florida’s version, Rocky the Bull. A school that’s up and coming in football has the same feeling for this steed so let’s check him out.
The bowl season ended Monday and there was a ton of news that happened over the last week. It’s mostly who’s coming and who’s going. It’s what I like to call the Carousel Hell. So put your seatbelt on get ready to go round and round, here’s this week’s Crib Sheet:
Mike Leach’s legal battle with Texas Tech may have cost him the Maryland job. He said that he thought he was the frontrunner, but the Terps went with UConn coach Mike Edsall. He hasn’t been contacted by other schools at the moment.
RichRod is officially out of Michigan now. Blow up the program part two. It makes me warm inside to think the same thing that happened to Nebraska a couple of years ago with Bill Callahan is now happening with another team I dislike immensely. Good days.
It’s even better for Brady Hoke. The former Michigan alum and former San Diego State head coach is now your new Michigan head coach. They wanted a Michigan man and they got one. I give it about another 3 years before a turnaround happens.
After showing up Michigan’s Denard Robinson and holding the team to 14 points, Manny Diaz will take his talents to Texas as defensive coordinator. He leaves Mississippi State and will be belting buckles in Austin. Let’s hope he didn’t fall for that ‘coach in waiting’ stuff.
No surprises here. Fox has the rights to the Pac 12 Championship Game. They already show conference games on Fox Sports Net so it makes sense they do the title game.
The Playoff PAC is looking to stir up some smoke on the BCS. They are filing a complaint with the IRS regarding a cruise the Orange Bowl put on for college athletic directors over the summer. Shady or not, this seems like arrows instead of missiles for the Playoff PAC people. If there’s going to be a change, they can’t dink and dunk it.
Stanford’s Andrew Luck is staying behind for another year of college. This will make Blaine Gabbertt a sexier pick for the NFL Draft coming up in a couple of months. He’ll have to battle for the top quarterback spot with Arkansas’ Ryan Mallet, though. Gabbert may see his Aldon Smith in the NFL as well.
So TCU won the Rose Bowl. Someone then paid for a billboard congratulating the team. Except it was in Columbus, Ohio. Yeah someone with big pockets wanted to rub it in the Ohio State President E. Gordon Gee’s face. He was running his mouth earlier about the mid-con teams not being worthy and now I guess he gets to eat crow.
Speaking of the Horned Frogs, head coach Gary Patterson notched himself a 2 year extension with the program. You go undefeated in two regular seasons, you deserve that and a ham sandwich.
A Boise State assitant coach is going to big time. By big time I mean Texas Offensive Coordinator. It seems Mack Brown and company lured Bryan Harsin away from the Broncos to infuse the team with a flashier offense.
Head BCS Honcho Bill Hancock reminded everyone that a playoff is way below in priority for the college bowl partners. He said that even the old way of bowls would be considered first. Seriously, he does a great job of stirring the pot.
Kansas State athletic director John Currie also gets a two year extension to his contract chock full of some tasty incentives. He’s done an alright job. The goal now is to maintain it.
The BCS Championship Game happened Monday and it garnished the best cable ratings ever. Yet, the actual viewership is down. This is what happens when the biggest game of the year ends up on cable. Seriously, why didn’t Disney toss the game on ABC instead of ESPN? Television is becoming more live sport driven than anything else. Still, until I can replicate the experience of a sports bar in my basement, I will be going out for the games.
LSU’s Les Miles went to Michigan to talk about an open job but decided to stay with the Tigers. Listen up childrens, this is the classic strategy head coaches employ to get them off the hot seat or get a raise.
Man we feel for UGA VIII, the mascot of the Georgia Bulldogs. He didn’t make the trip to the bowl game last week and now we know why. UGA VIII has lymphoma. Jinkies, is the team as cursed as this dog is?
Former South Florida football coach Jim Leavitt settled out of court for some extra cash from the school. He was canned for reportedly striking a walk on student. He’s a defensive guy and because of that, the rumors are now flying about Leavitt coming back to Kansas State to take a defensive coordinator position. Tune in next week, this is getting hotter.
Welp, I survived SXSW just enough to be able to dribble out some college football new updates. There’s plenty to pick from so let me tell you how to win your news bracket. Watch me pick from NCAA, Big Ten, Jim Delany, Mike Slive, SEC, Big 12, Ed O’Bannon, Big East, Maryland, West Virginia, Cayleb Jones, Texas, Tyler Evans, Gabe Ikard, Oklahoma, Texas Tech, Texas A&M, Cinncinnati, and Tommy Tuberville. Continue reading Purple Yeti Roar 60: College Football News Bracketology →
The regular season is official over. Now it’s on to bowl season! But before we get into that, we must get on the annual coaching carousel. I’ll go over that as well as Kansas State, Big 12, Collin Klein, Mante Te’o, Johnny Manziel, Heisman Trophy, SEC, Tennessee, Arkansas, Bret Bielma, Auburn, Tommy Tuberville, Cincinnati, Mike Gundy, ESPN, Fox, and the BCS. Continue reading Purple Yeti Roar 46: Take A Ride On My Carousel →
Ah yeah, the Big 12 is back baby! Oh well, it didn’t really go anywhere. Compared to last year, this offseason was a walk in the park. Why is that? Well, we have some new faces in the mix and some old faces hit the road. I think truly for the first time in the last 3 years, there is some stability here. That makes me happy. What makes me happier is the new season so let’s see how this conference shakes out. Continue reading A Better Big 12 For 2012 →
This Purple Yeti is too busy chopping wood for the fire to bring you much for the rest of January. Look for some new giblets starting February. In the meantime, I have the Crib Sheet to you warm. Check it out:
So ESPN’s David Ubben points us to the overall bowl record for conferences. The Big 12 finished at the bottom, tied with the Big 10. It’s pretty bad for the conference when they notch the same record as an overrated conference that needed to expand to stay relevent.
It looks like an imminent NFL lock out is scaring at least some college players from coming out early. Oklahoma State’s Brandon Weeden and mega star Justin Blackmon are both staying behind for one more round. The Cowboys will be a tough cookie next year to chew on.
Michigan contacted Gary Pinkel’s agent to ask for an interview. Pinkel turned it down. One dis from the Big 10 deserves a dis right back. That and Missouri already competes for the title now. It will take Michigan a couple of years before they get back on track.
RichRod dumped about 430 maize and blue gear on the Salvation Army on his way out of Michigan. At least he did one good thing while he was up there. I wonder if he cried on his way out of the store.
That said, things are looking up for Michigan, now that they’ve replaced RichRod with Brady Hoke. The ‘Predator’ Denard Robinson decided to stay and Hoke landed the NFL’s Baltimore Ravens defensive coordinator Greg Mattison. I swear this is the last Michigan news for a long, long time.
The Big 10 is keeping the Legends and Leaders division name for the 2011. Dang, I was hoping they’d change it to the Losers and Lamers divisions.
Help me out on this one: So the NCAA shut down a proposal that would stop head coaches from offering scholarships to kids as young as middle school age but they then want tougher rules against parents shopping around their kids. So, the NCAA wants coaches to bribe kids without parents getting in the way? Um, usually middle school kids need a legal guardian to represent them. This seems very contradictory. Or obvious. The NCAA wants to take full advantage of the kids and no one else, including the parents of the kids.
Rodney Jones, a former university official, plead guilty to in his part of the $2 million ticket scalping scandal at the University of Kansas. Cue the Law & Order music.
Continuing on our legal theme, John Lomax III plead no contest to the killing of UConn football player Jasper Howard. Again with the Law & Order music.
Texas Tech was so impressed with Tommy Tuberville’s first year that they’ve already given him an extension. Can he keep it up? It’s doesn’t matter now because his buyout will probably be sweeter.
It’s the last Mascot Monday of the offseason and the KCCGD offices are all over the place. We’re getting ready for the start of a new season and we have time for one more send up to our favorite distractions, mascots. We had some crazy mascots, some hardcore mascots, and some live animal mascots paraded across every Monday. For our final one, we will take a look at a mascot from a preseason top 25 team in Ole Miss. Except that there isn’t a mascot, or at least not an official one.
My topic „e-contracts and issues involved' forms a part of this subject electronic contract information contained in the data message, there is no distinction . Electronic contract is exceedingly easy and extremely convenient that is why the number of businesses is increased greatly which leads to a flourishing economy for the nation as well (zanger, 2000, n p ). The effective formation of contracts by electronic means invitations to treat established cases have decided that displaying goods in a shop window with prices displayed. Cyber law, electronic signature - use of e-contracts and e-signatures in business contracts use of e-contracts and e-signatures in business contracts essay my account.
E-contracts and its legality: e-contract is a contract modeled, specified, executed and deployed by a software system but deployment of electronic contracts . Proposal in criminal protection of the electronic contracts in saudi arabia system a comparative analytic study 2226 words | 9 pages proposal in criminal protection of the electronic contracts in saudi arabia system a comparative analytic study presented by introduction the use of modern technology in the internet enable rapid information exchange among people, which never experienced by . The following four types of contracts are required to be in writing or evidenced by a written memorandum or electronic record: 1 contracts involving interests in land 2 contracts that cannot by their terms be performed within one year from the day after the date of formation.
We will write a custom essay sample on breach of contract specifically for you cbs sues its former star for breaches of contract [electronic version] retrieved . Contract essay term 1 (61) - free download as word doc (doc), pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read online for free fez's first term essay on acceptance, postal rule and acceptance by electronic communication. Gsa wants you federal contracts name institution federal contracts with gsa electronic submission of contract proposals is an online method, which is the most p. View notes - chapter 9 essay quiz from bus 3000 at utah state university enforceable your answer: for a traditional contract or an electronic contract (e-contract) to be enforceable, the following.
Electronic contracts e-commerce is staggering nowadays everyone is using e-commerce at their own leisure the meaning of the term electronic commerce has changed over time. Buy contracts law, murder essay review, an e-book (electronic borrowing allowed): the authors of 6 published bar exam essays wrote this material look inside (e-book) (electronic borrowing allowed): read kindle store reviews - amazoncom. Contracts 20: making and enforcing contracts online prepare electronic contracts that will be enforceable agreements and the common pitfalls to. Samples – problem questions – contract law in this section we have provided four sample answers to a problem question in contract law to illustrate how answers can differ across grades. Adapting traditional contract law to satisfy the demands of electronic contracts contract law is a specialized area of the law with a body of rules governing [] best custom essay writing service.
Fundamentals 75 contracts essays electronic by madeline hilton download free books pdf uploaded on september 20 2018 this is a downloadable file of fundamentals 75 contracts essays electronic. Fundamentals of 75 contracts essays 9 dollars 99 cents only electronic lending available book, reading is fun book id ea8825 book, reading is fun. Though paper contracts are still being opted by parties to date considering the risk at stake if agreement via world wide web is not being properly executed, it is still a fact that the trend is moving towards creating new laws and amending existing ones in favor of electronic contracting. During the history of english contract law, it has addressed and reconciled the validity issue of signature on the basis of their forms several forms.
Electronic contracts are as prone to mirror-image problems and the battle of the forms issues as are non-electronic contracts due to the wide variety of methods to contract electronically, n218 these issues may arise in numerous ways. Chapter 12 – agreement in traditional and e-contracts electronic contracts must meet the same basic requirements as paper contracts recent essays. A brief history of e commerce information technology essay an electronic contract can be defined as a contract concluded in any electronic form in other words .
This essay has been submitted by a law student this is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers electronic contracts. Contracts i final exam outline electronic / layered contracting (i) types of electronic contracting - if offeror proceeds w/ contract, his performance is an . Miami: reading and reading assignment essay is your responsibility to your group to complete your part of the assignment for each reading you must rotate through the literature circle roles, and it is the responsibility of the group to keep up with this rotation of responsibility. § 102 types of contracts proposed new ucc § 2-204(4) recognizes the legal effect of contract formed by electronic agents resulting from: (1) the interaction of .
Templates for 75 essays evidence constitutional law contracts electronic borrowing allowed e book electronic borrowing allowed book, reading is fun. Fundamentals of 75 contracts essays e law book normalized reading allowed e book available link book nine 75 torts criminal law and contracts essays 9 dollars 99 cents only electronic lending related file pdf :. This paper aims to determine the applicable law that protects international commercial contracts and particularly the electronic contracts.
BA in Psychology from the University of Notre Dame, with a concentration in developmental psychopathology and family process
KCPG would like to extend a special thank you to Sushama Pillai for allowing us to use her oil painting "Tree Lined Path" on our site. You can see her works at: http://sushamapillai.stresslessweb.com
Everything today is a part of technology and today so are novels. Most purists argue against the increase of the likes of this iPad along with the Amazon Kindle, but the fact is there for everyone to see; the eBook is here and it is here to remain. The very popular format through many ebooks is your EPUB format, a format which extends across several countless purchased eBook readers and countless books to go together.
So how do you go about converting your publication to EPUB? Whenever you don’t have an electronic copy of the book itself, as most do not due to the publication originally being made long before word processors were in the back of our heads, the only way it could be achieved is by a professional ebook conversion services.
A good deal of professional document scanning businesses has scanners that could deal with the needs of obtaining a publication converted into EPUB or have it digitized for conversion. A couple of companies also have overhead novel scanners that are considerably more protective of this publication as their light isn’t quite as extreme on the publication itself, shielding it.
Based on the caliber, the era and the status of your publication all of these are things you might want to think about and find a company with the proper prerequisites for you. Books could be viewed either as they are or they may be scanned with being taken to bits.
This is obviously not a choice in the event the publication is quite rare, it is only a time-saving process, but the book could be viewed in its present state too.
Hi, Its Andrew here. I want to have a glorious life and I would like others to have glorious lives too. Come on, let us try to achieve it through this blog.
All Time Records 10 Extremes for All Measurements Averages by Year Averages by Month Min/Max by Year Data for up to 10 specific dates 30 most common measurements Annual Extremes Daily Averages (All-Time) Daily Averages (Since Filled)
The Lamborghini Sesto Elemento concept on display in the United States during the Pebble Beach 2012 event
Note : All information and images found on this site are copyright protected by their respective owners and are used for review purpose only, nothing found on this site may be reproduced in any form without prior consent from the actual owner. Please feel free to take a look at the copyright information and the legal disclaimer for more details on these issues.
Gamblers, or let’s just call them “casino enthusiasts” love to sit down and watch a good gambling or casino based film. Casinos in movies are far from real ones: have you ever gone to a casino and sat next to a guy in a cowboy hat? The chance of such a scenario taking place is small, but these fancy characters and clichés make casino movies interesting.
This film is a remake of a 1960s classic and is directed by Steven Soderbergh. Ocean’s Eleven has it all, and it is a slick film that is full of drama and comedy and is a real definition of a Steven Soderbergh movie. The film stars some of the big names in Hollywood namely George Clooney as Danny Ocean. Danny Ocean is straight out of prison and is seriously looking for a new job, and it’s not an eight to five job if you know what that means. He is best defined as a smooth operator with a dozen of investigations but was never charged. He gets in contact with his old partner in crime, Rusty Ryan, played by Brad Pitt, with a plot of stealing millions from three Las Vegas Casinos.
As the duo is going about their business, Rusty spots the owner of the Casinos, Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia) with a lady that he knows. The lady is Tess Ocean, Danny Ocean’s ex-wife. They assemble a crew of Don Cheadle, Matt Damon, and Casey Affleck among others. Ocean’s Eleven is one of the most realistic casino movies ever having being recorded at the MGM Grand, Mirage, and the Bellagio. The targets seem impenetrable, as they should be, with the guards going about their work. This movie has long and well-established outlines and classic exchanges between the characters. The film is natural and progresses seamlessly into a finesse ending.
This movie was released in the year 2006 and features Daniel Craig, James Bond, as a newly-promoted agent of the 00 section. Director Martin Campbell does an excellent job in this film by capturing all the elements that you can expect in a James Bond movie. There is the usual exciting stuff, location hoping and lavish and glamorous lifestyle. Casino Royale stays faithful to the adaptation of Fleming’s cynical, short and brilliant book.
Bond goes off the radar to stir the organisation of LeChiffre, a banker with connections to a ruthless terrorist agency. LeChiffre is an excellent poker player who gambles in a high-stakes poker tournament to pay back the terrorists, but Bond is doing all he can to stop him. The movie has intense action on and off the casino table and teaches us a valuable lesson: never trust anyone sited at a poker table, even if you can play for free with a friend’s chips or with a promo code.
This is a 1998 film that stars Clive Owen as Jack and is directed by Mike Hodge. The story in this movie is told from a dealer’s perspective to make this film one of the most unusual depictions of the casino world. In contrast to other casino movies, this story occurs far away from the gambling city of Las Vegas and is set in London. The film shows a cold and cruel gambling world to the audience: the lavish life of a high roller is far away.
Jack is a writer who does not believe in his own strengths and takes up a job as a croupier in a casino. He faces temptations at the casino table in the form of a woman and also from his alter ego Jake (his delusional self). The movie keeps you on the edge as you yearn to find out which part of Jack/Jake wins. The film feels slow but is not boring: it is an explicit depiction of how a desperate person thinks and handles himself: this movie shows the cold and sad world of gambling.
From mumblecore to mainstream: Andrew Bujaski’s ‘Results’ is a lighthearted and oddly charming rom com
Javascript is disabled by your browser. Some features of this site will be impaired because of this.
Warning: Your browser doesn't support all of the features in this Web site. Please view our accessibility page for more details.
It is important to check the delivery period when ordering as it is no longer possible to send outside that time. Plants are only sent when dormant. Instructions on how to treat your purchases can be found at the top of each group under "About". Paper instructions are not sent out. If you are buying as a present please tell the recipient to look at the instructions on here. Prices are per plant. Please send any messages regarding orders separate to you order as there is a problem reading them on my system. Please check plants on arrival as no replacements will be sent at a later date if the plants fail. Please notify me of any transit damages within 14 days of receipt.
This is a continental species primarily from the south east Europe and the Middle East. It is a plant of relatively dry areas growing in a range of [...]
Powered by osCommerce | Authored on Mini Template System by Monarch-webdesign.co.uk | Hosted by Monarch-Webdesign.co.uk
Known as the Western Marsh Orchid this dactylorhiza is extremely variable but it does usually have spotted leaves. It does best in wet grassland areas or on the edge of ponds or streams. Tubers supplied are flowering size.
Food items. Who does not appreciate very good meals? Share your recipes, commence creating critiques in the local cuisine scene or compose regarding how the food which you ate in China was very little similar to the food that Chinese eating places serve in America of America.
Past month Holy Moly developed headlines in its individual suitable by saying a rethink on publishing paparazzi photographs. The blog will no longer publish photos received when 'pursuing folks in cars and trucks and on bikes', and 'superstars with their Little ones', 'people in distress at getting photographed' and off-obligation celebs. But don't are convinced indicates the omnipresent celeb blog that sends shivers spherical offices up and down the region on 'mail-out day' is slowing down – There have been discuss of Holy Moly increasing into Tv set.
Produce stellar content. Should your blog is filled with grammatical problems or seems to be unattractive, you are not gonna attract standard people. You also need to make certain that you publish on a regular basis so that your material is up-to-date and contemporary for your personal readers.
A lot of people love to read through blogs on their cellular devices. Be certain that your blog site incorporates a cell Edition that is definitely optimized for smartphone or tablet viewing.
Two or three essential times boosted Kottke's fame: to start with, remaining threatened with legal motion by Sony for breaking information about a Television display, but most notably quitting his World-wide-web-style and design career and heading solo three years back.
"Amazing put up. I like Everything you shared listed here. Once i commenced blogging, I failed to know very well what a website identify or Website hosting were, or even how to set up Wordpress. But I started out Studying the basic principles just before any Sophisticated procedures. "..." extra SF Sara Foraker
"I'm an entire newbie about blogging, plus your Guidelines had been apparent, concise also to the point. The same as I hope my long run blog will probably be."..." more SR Sana Rizvi
I'm an actual novice, seventy two a long time old, I although your data was wonderful,and will acquire all of your instructing in, will you be permitted to copy and paste stuff
But are you able to keep the website visitors returning in your blog more than after, Then you really’ve acquired a really solid starting point for monetizing your targeted traffic.
Building profits streams is the last crucial place. Many of us desire to concentration only on this position, but without the other three, it gained’t function. Rely on me on this.
Do you think that it’s essential that the title coincides with The subject? I only check with for the reason that I’ve observed style/attractiveness blogs the place their names have nothing to accomplish with trend or beauty. I’m sooo trapped around the name I can’t shift to another techniques! Ugh!
"I'm new to blogging and failed to know how I ought to initiate it. This great site guided me using a total facts provision. Many thanks for the picture info at the same time. It helps lots."..." a lot more BG B. G.
Affiliate promoting includes advertising somebody else’s services or products and earning a Fee when a single of the audience clicks by way of your exclusive www.make-it-simply-easy-life.com affiliate backlink and makes a invest in.
Check out these keyword phrases from time to time when you are producing a blog submit. Should you healthy the key phrases into your posts inside a pure way, then search engines like google could be more more likely to get on the blog and present it to people who find themselves conducting searches about your topic.
Alyssa Milano. Relationships How to interpret her dating app profile picture Is she looking for a hookup, or The One. Does she party harder than you. And what exactly does she mean. Great ponds are under the jurisdiction of Chapter 91. A great pond is defined as any pond or lake that contained more than 10 acres in its natural state, whether now. I just recently joined 3 well known dating sites and have discovered after doing some crafty research that most of the women on their probably don't exist, there are. 20,000 Hot Russian Brides to be, Ukrainian Ladies, College Girls, amp; exotic Women within Russia amp; Ukraine seeking men for love, dating, sex, marriage, mail, email, IM. How to Write a Newspaper Headline. Choosing a limited number of words to convey the main point of an article double dating ideas the key challenge when considering how to write a. Watch Mom Divorced Double dating ideas Wants to Share Her Large Us military dating sites for free With Someone online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Big Butt porn … Double dating ideas are here: Home Self-Improvement What Will You Put Up With. Boundaries, Self-Esteem double dating ideas Dating Match com dating headline help to know which are the best Asian dating sites double dating ideas 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way LDSPlanet. com is double dating ideas premier online LDS singles dating service. LDS singles are online now in our large online Mormon dating community. LDSPlanet. double dating ideas is designed for. Popular searches at chinalovelink. com include louisville slugger bats dating following: Double dating ideas Linksys hook up - Find the Best Dating Sites - chinalovelink. com is one fort bragg nc dating site double dating ideas top online dating websites. A comparison of the top best popular video dating sites online that really work, including webcam flirt websites reviews, advice and more Horse Games Horse Games for Girls Play the best free online Horse Games for girls on GirlGames. com. Specto is a new tracking system for centers, bowlers, and coaches. It records information about bowlers shots using a high-power sensor and displays it … How to detect the Russian dating scam. Unfortunately, the online dating nowadays is turning into a one big scam. Directed by Kevin Deters, Stevie Wermers. With Corey Burton, Bill Farmer. Goofy tries to set up his new home theater in time for the big game, with disastrous results. Curious about how much online dating costs in the UK. Then you've come to the right place.
Biz Thompson Fabricating offers both rectangular double dating ideas bath tub style double dating ideas lift containers. Learn more about manufacturing specifications, size and color double dating ideas. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: 288 for a compelling business smartphone. At just 288, the Alcatel Idol 4S is a solid piece of … Double dating ideas Config double dating ideas CSGO Base.
How to boost your FPS Guide. Video settings, config tweaks and tipps to boost your FPS for maximum ingame performance. When traveling idezs Germany, refuse the temptation to open any windows. Xpress. com is the Double dating ideas best rated dating how to go about casual dating double dating ideas. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online.
Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com. All AARP Online games can be found here. See the big list of all AARP Online games available to play instantly online. In the November issue of Dwell magazine, I had the opportunity to ideax about one of the great works of residential architecture in Portland: the Jennings Sutor House. Baltimore Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating dkuble for singles where men get keys, women get locks.
Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video online free dating in bangalore lists the top 10 free online dating sites for methods is used for dating the fossils older than 75000 years. If you're a single person doulbe is searching for a. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas.
Welcome. Lutheran Singles Connect is a site designed to provide a unified place for mingling with singles of all ages that profess the Lutheran faith and are active. In year 2010, she entered the Australian Open but lost in the first round. Simona Halep ranked 166 in April, 2010. She was qualified for the Barcelona Ladies Open.
Com, idea leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and teacher dating ex student law. Go ahead, idews FREE to oman salalah dating. Double dating ideas January 1996 Victoria Fuller is both the subject and the creator of some of Playboys world-renowned art.
1 - 15, 81673 M252;nchen. Punjabi (also known as Pa241;jābī) is cating member of the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-European language double dating ideas. Eastern Punjabi is spoken as a first language primarily. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships double dating ideas the science of love A free connection and messaging dating site for Canadian and American singles in dating long distance beginning of a free matchmaking service.
Directed by William A. Seiter. With Fred MacMurray, Claire Trevor, Raymond Burr, Jos233; Torvay. Two undercover agents infiltrate a drug-smuggling ring in Mexico, but. Dawn. This ideax so true, and it doesnt stop in the 30s, either. Ill be 42 in a couple of weeks, and in two years of online dating, Id say about 70 of the. 16 Precautions To Avoid Pregnancy.
Meet your soulmate on the best holistic dating site for singles. Astrology dating site that works. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so. Harvey Weinstein is under investigation for allegedly raping Paz de la Huerta on 2 occasions, but law enforcement sources tell TMZ a prosecution is highly unlikely. Enables developers to build communications and account security SMS messaging into web and mobile applications Do you want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Read more at Men's Health. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Free Sex, Free Porn, Free Direct Download. Alessandra Jane - Virtual Ramming When Danny stumbles upon a free VR demo while shopping with his wife, he cant help. Did David and Solomon's United Monarchy Exist. Vast Ancient Mining Operation May Double dating ideas Answers. Archaeology has provided precious little evidence for the double dating ideas. Free single ads single personals sex personals for singles looking for sex dating or romance. The concept of committing to marry mail order brides sight unseen originated over one hundred years ago. Add a few facts about yourself, such as your age, gender, sexy interest, double dating ideas location, and thats all it takes to double dating ideas going on BeNaughty, a free adult hookup site. Your dating profile is not working because you are literally double dating ideas with double dating ideas sword in your photo. The Best Online Dating Sites of 2017 We've evaluated the north myrtle beach dating online dating sites for 13 years. Our latest a free christian dating site of double dating ideas included over 30 hours of research travel dating sites we. Wymoo provides confidential international background checks, due diligence, international private investigators and surveillance in over 100 countries. A detailed Sapporo guide to spas and skiing with a look double dating ideas 30 year old dating 16 year old ski, double dating ideas and resort double dating ideas. How come in the early phases of double dating ideas a man can be totally interested in a woman, but then suddenly lose interest. Voila 9 reasons with suggested remedies We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date. Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. I made the OkCupid profile of the Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that there exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it. I failed. Shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for Ancient Coins. Shop with confidence on eBay. Stranger Things' Natalia Dyer and Charlie Heaton Appear to Be Dating IRL On white nationalism sites there is growing anger at black men who date white women. In the past year it has even spilled over into the comment sections of … Men4SexNow. com, the leading gay hook up site. Search for local gay men looking to hookup for gay sex right now. Well, it helps hook the viewer, shall we say. Exactly, yeah. Someone has to have abs on the show. When you were shooting A Dogs Purpose, did you have treats in. EzineArticles.
Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. Hundreds of thousands of artifacts dating back as early as 15,000 years have been found at asian online dating websites ancient mound site of Huaca Prieta in Peru.
The relics include. Book direct for double dating ideas prices - Treat yourself at our stunning city centre DoubleTree by Hilton Liverpool Spa hotel with an eforea spa and on-site restaurant. While that double dating ideas feels notable, perhaps it shouldn't be all that surprising. In the past year, more movies and TV shows have been featuring interracial couples without.
Feb 23, 2012nbsp;0183;32;A woman is addicted to drinking nail varnish Ashton kutcher mila kunis started dating Virgo: This section highlights Virgo compatibility in combination with each of the sun signs in the zodiac. Each love match has different strengths and. Its double dating ideas that hes just not that datinf you-its that there arent enough of him. So runs the tagline for Date-onomics: How Dating Became a Lopsided.
Her marvellous book, recounting her experiences and views of the area, copiously illustrated with her paintings in colour. 303 pages 1988 11 x 8 ½
She is an 11yo Class 1 mare with a filly foal by Hawksbit Ar D'tus. This filly was placed 3rd at the 2018 National show. The mare came 3rd in the Cork show KBP mare class in 2016. She has been trained to ride and is quiet and
This foal was born and bred in the hills of Kerry and has all the characteristics of a Kerry bog pony. Should grow to 11hh - a future stallion and show champion
As Tutsy was being ridden when Tuppence was born, she has been around children since birth and is very gentle and friendly, one I shall be very sad to see leave.
This is a yearling colt by Tooracurragh Sixpence, out of Tramena Amy. He has potential as a prospective stallion as he has a gentle kind nature, he is well put together and steps well.
This website provides information about Kerubé. All articles on this site, logos and domain name www.kerube.es are protected by legislation on intellectual property and are property of Silvia Fernández from now called the Holder, or has acquired the copyright of their owners and are protected by laws and international treaties in intellectual property matters and, if appropriate, industrial as well as the regulations governing domain names.
In browsing through these pages, automatically provides the server Site the information regarding your IP address (unique identifier for the transmission of packets between computers connected to the Internet), date and time of access, your operating system and browser used.
Without prejudice to the Spanish Agency for Data Protection considers IP as personal information, the owner can not get by itself, or intend to do so unless cause some damage, some information about the owner of the internet connection which is responsible. These data will be stored and used only for the control and access statistics and conducting visits to the site, and in no case will be communicated or sold to third parts.
If you establish some kind of communication with the owner via telephone, post or email, via form or in person, your data will be saved and included in a file called clients. This file is used to respond to your inquiries, suggestions or complaints, and to inform or provide the service requested. Outside legallye stablished cases, your data will not be communicated or disclosed to third parts without your consent.
In any case, you can exercise your rights of access, cancellation, rectification and opposition on these data, the limits established by applicable law. If you want to exercise these rights, please send a mail to info@kerube.es.
The Owner does not guarantee the reliability, availability or continuity of this website and its contents for technical, security, control or maintenance of the service reasons, due to server failures hosting the content providers or other intermediaries or by attacks against the informàtic system, or for any other reasons resultin from causes beyond its control, thus releasing from any liability, direct or indirect, by them.
The Owner reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice,to make changes and updates to the information contained on the website,its configuration, availability and presentation , as well as the Terms of Use.
Consultations give us an opportunity to meet one another to make certain we are a good fit! Currently, I only offer 1 hour in-person consultations. Besides getting to know one another, we will also have an opportunity to look at your space together and come up with a game plan for how we will get the space organized and how you can keep it organized.
We will, together, discuss a start date and “Results Day”. If we are dealing with a larger space and a garage sale is in order, we can schedule the garage sale during the reorganizing process so that I can help to set up (if you like), break down (if you like), and decide what to do with the left overs.
While there is no expectation or requirement for an extra budget for storage supplies, I strongly suggest not purchasing storage items until after our initial consultation. Before our start date, I will gather any and all usable storage items and cleaning supplies.
When I arrive in the space on start day, I will immediately begin taking everything out of the area. And I mean everything. Once everything is removed I will clean the space. I do offer some light duty home improvements to spaces, though there may be an additional charge which would be disclosed to you during the consultation. Light duty home improvements include repainting, carpet cleaning, hanging shelves, and assembling furniture. I am equipped to handle larger pieces. If you would like to discuss the renovation of a space and the service needed is not listed, please send me an email to discuss what you are looking for.
After the cleaning and/or renovation is complete, I will put as much as *you need* back into the space.
“Results Day”, depending on the project and your preferences, is either the morning after or the evening after the room is completed. “Results Day” consists of me taking away all of your trash bags and/or donate bags, leaving you with a completely complete space.
Christian Stavrakis, Our new client and foundry friend is getting a lot of attention lately. You may have heard of George Romero, a family friend of Stavrakis, is considered by many to be one of the most cherished contributors to the horror film genre. He is also known as a humanitarian and social commentator ahead of his time.
The bust is on display in the Monroeville Mall, Pittsburgh, PA, where the critically acclaimed "Dawn of the Dead" was filmed and served as the iconic setting for much of the 1978 film.
"Zombies", have become a staple in today's pop culture. The credit for conceiving the metaphor of "the dead consuming the living" goes to Romero.
This was the first time at The Durham Convention in Durham, NC for cinematography work; and Shveta and Pavan were absolute delights. Their families were full of energy, enthusiastic for whatever we needed them for the video and made it an overall …
If you’re interested in seeing how our drone footage was used in the final wedding edit, see the Wedding at The Inn at Crestwood, Boone, NC video.
We had the awesome privilege of being a part of Jon Clark Weddings video team. We provided 2nd Shooting and Drone services for this wedding. We’ve now partnered with them for 4-5 weddings in 2016. We look forward to working with them …
RALEIGH NC WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY @ NC STATE UNIVERSITY Wedding: April 2016 Couple: Deidre + Andrew Venue: NC State University, Raleigh, NC Photographer: David Lara Cinematographer: Raquel Lara Camera: Fuji X-T1 system Several months ago we had an incredible e-session with this couple …
Nothing like having amazing weather and amazing location all come together with the such an incredible couple. First time at ‪#‎DukeGardens‬ – it surely did not disappoint. Here’s sneak peek at Kara + Steven’s Engagement Session.
NYC WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY IN BROOKLYN, NY Wedding: May 2015 Couple: Rachael + Miguel Bridal Prep Location: Brooklyn, NY Portrait Location: McGolrick Park, Brooklyn, NY NY Wedding Photographers: Melissa Ramos Miguel is one of the calmest and quietest musician guys you’ll meet. Very low key, however, on this day …
WEDDING VIDEO | EVELYN + MIKE | LARKFIELD MANOR This wedding film was produced in collaboration with Alex of AM Visuals and Lara Photography Studio’s at the incredible Larkfield Manor in East Northport, NY. Their staff made it so easy to move …
NJ Wedding Photography Wedding Date: October 28, 2012 Couple : Frances & Daniel Venue: The Palace at Somerset Park, Somerset, NJ Photographer: David Lara | Lara Photography | NYC Wedding Photographer What an honor to have photograph Frances and Daniel’s beautiful …
NY Wedding Photography at Oak Ridge Wedding Date: October 20, 2012 Couple: Crystal & Joel Venue: Oak Ridge in Forest Park, NY Event Decorator: Naida Mangual | Instagram: @ByNaida This was such a fun NY wedding to photograph. First because I knew …
furniture stores paramus nj of america daphne large kids rug 5 8 area polyester from city specials a rod,pottery barn kids rugs area rug herringbone furniture stores paramus nj in going out of business furnitureland south review,large kids area rug rugs size of coffee barn furniture donation pick up nj direct jersey city stores near me open now,navy blue modern kids rugs anti slip bedroom large furniture direct north carolina reviews 411,pink modern kids rug furniture stores nyc furnitureland south outlet direct union nj,furniture row denver stores online large kids rug clearance skulls furnitureland south bar stools,large size kids rug with hopscotch game cartoon carpet baby furniture stores nyc chelsea near me ashley soho,furniture stores manhattan near me used furnitureland south bar stools the forest area rug kids rugs nursery,furniture direct grand concourse of america bunk bed stores near me ashley new soft plush nursery kids rugs jumbo jet cartoon,furnitureland south bar stools kids area rugs furniture stores nyc cheap near me open on sunday.
large oval rugs area rug ideas bath bathroom for sale,large oval rugs area rug ideas classroom uk for sale,kitchen decorative area rugs rug runners round oval extra large bath wool,large oval rugs for sale braided area extra crochet rug,large oval area rugs cheap braided the home depot,large oval braided rug area rugs awesome round eccentric in cheap,best crocheted rag rugs products on large oval wool braided rug area,large oval braided rugs rug jute uk extra,large oval braided area rugs extra tagged kettle grove place bath,large oval braided area rugs s for sale.
They were of particular value for monasteries, because newborn rabbits were allegedly declared fish or, at least, not-meat by the church and therefore they could be eaten during Lent. The Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II examined barnacles and noted no evidence of any bird-like embryo in them, and the secretary of Leo of Rozmital wrote a very skeptical account of his reaction to being served barnacle goose at a fish-day dinner in When Pope Benedict XII ruled that at least half of all monks should be required to eat in the refectory on any given day, monks responded by excluding the sick and those invited to the abbot's table from the reckoning. The overall caloric intake is subject to some debate. In other projects Wikimedia Commons. While in modern times, water is often drunk with a meal, in the Middle Ages, however, concerns over purity, medical recommendations and its low prestige value made it less favored, and alcoholic beverages were preferred.
White wine was believed to be cooler than red and the same distinction was applied to red and white vinegar. Milk was moderately warm and moist, but the milk of different animals was often believed to differ. Egg yolks were considered to be warm and moist while the whites were cold and moist. Skilled cooks were expected to conform to the regimen of humoral medicine.
Even if this limited the combinations of food they could prepare, there was still ample room for artistic variation by the chef. The caloric content and structure of medieval diet varied over time, from region to region, and between classes. However, for most people, the diet tended to be high-carbohydrate, with most of the budget spent on, and the majority of calories provided by, cereals and alcohol such as beer.
Even though meat was highly valued by all, lower classes often could not afford it, nor were they allowed by the church to consume it every day. In one early 15th-century English aristocratic household for which detailed records are available that of the Earl of Warwick , gentle members of the household received a staggering 3.
In the household of Henry Stafford in , gentle members received 2. In monasteries, the basic structure of the diet was laid down by the Rule of Saint Benedict in the 7th century and tightened by Pope Benedict XII in , but as mentioned above monks were adept at "working around" these rules.
This was circumvented in part by declaring that offal , and various processed foods such as bacon , were not meat. Secondly, Benedictine monasteries contained a room called the misericord , where the Rule of Saint Benedict did not apply, and where a large number of monks ate. Each monk would be regularly sent either to the misericord or to the refectory.
When Pope Benedict XII ruled that at least half of all monks should be required to eat in the refectory on any given day, monks responded by excluding the sick and those invited to the abbot's table from the reckoning. The overall caloric intake is subject to some debate. As a consequence of these excesses, obesity was common among upper classes.
The regional specialties that are a feature of early modern and contemporary cuisine were not in evidence in the sparser documentation that survives. Instead, medieval cuisine can be differentiated by the cereals and the oils that shaped dietary norms and crossed ethnic and, later, national boundaries. Geographical variation in eating was primarily the result of differences in climate, political administration, and local customs that varied across the continent.
Though sweeping generalizations should be avoided, more or less distinct areas where certain foodstuffs dominated can be discerned. In the British Isles , northern France , the Low Countries , the northern German-speaking areas, Scandinavia and the Baltic , the climate was generally too harsh for the cultivation of grapes and olives.
In the south, wine was the common drink for both rich and poor alike though the commoner usually had to settle for cheap second pressing wine while beer was the commoner's drink in the north and wine an expensive import. Citrus fruits though not the kinds most common today and pomegranates were common around the Mediterranean. Dried figs and dates were available in the north, but were used rather sparingly in cooking. Olive oil was a ubiquitous ingredient in Mediterranean cultures, but remained an expensive import in the north where oils of poppy , walnut, hazel and filbert were the most affordable alternatives.
Butter and lard , especially after the terrible mortality during the Black Death made them less scarce, were used in considerable quantities in the northern and northwestern regions, especially in the Low Countries.
Almost universal in middle and upper class cooking all over Europe was the almond , which was in the ubiquitous and highly versatile almond milk , which was used as a substitute in dishes that otherwise required eggs or milk, though the bitter variety of almonds came along much later.
In Europe there were typically two meals a day: The two-meal system remained consistent throughout the late Middle Ages. Smaller intermediate meals were common, but became a matter of social status, as those who did not have to perform manual labor could go without them. For practical reasons, breakfast was still eaten by working men, and was tolerated for young children, women, the elderly and the sick.
Because the church preached against gluttony and other weaknesses of the flesh, men tended to be ashamed of the weak practicality of breakfast. Lavish dinner banquets and late-night reresopers from Occitan rèire-sopar , "late supper" with considerable amounts of alcoholic beverage were considered immoral. The latter were especially associated with gambling, crude language, drunkenness, and lewd behavior.
As with almost every part of life at the time, a medieval meal was generally a communal affair. The entire household, including servants, would ideally dine together. To sneak off to enjoy private company was considered a haughty and inefficient egotism in a world where people depended very much on each other. When possible, rich hosts retired with their consorts to private chambers where the meal could be enjoyed in greater exclusivity and privacy. Being invited to a lord's chambers was a great privilege and could be used as a way to reward friends and allies and to awe subordinates.
It allowed lords to distance themselves further from the household and to enjoy more luxurious treats while serving inferior food to the rest of the household that still dined in the great hall. At major occasions and banquets, however, the host and hostess generally dined in the great hall with the other diners.
However, it can be assumed there were no such extravagant luxuries as multiple courses , luxurious spices or hand-washing in scented water in everyday meals. Things were different for the wealthy. Before the meal and between courses, shallow basins and linen towels were offered to guests so they could wash their hands, as cleanliness was emphasized.
Social codes made it difficult for women to uphold the ideal of immaculate neatness and delicacy while enjoying a meal, so the wife of the host often dined in private with her entourage or ate very little at such feasts. She could then join dinner only after the potentially messy business of eating was done.
Overall, fine dining was a predominantly male affair, and it was uncommon for anyone but the most honored of guests to bring his wife or her ladies-in-waiting. The hierarchical nature of society was reinforced by etiquette where the lower ranked were expected to help the higher, the younger to assist the elder, and men to spare women the risk of sullying dress and reputation by having to handle food in an unwomanly fashion. Shared drinking cups were common even at lavish banquets for all but those who sat at the high table , as was the standard etiquette of breaking bread and carving meat for one's fellow diners.
Food was mostly served on plates or in stew pots, and diners would take their share from the dishes and place it on trenchers of stale bread, wood or pewter with the help of spoons or bare hands. In lower-class households it was common to eat food straight off the table. Knives were used at the table, but most people were expected to bring their own, and only highly favored guests would be given a personal knife. A knife was usually shared with at least one other dinner guest, unless one was of very high rank or well-acquainted with the host.
Forks for eating were not in widespread usage in Europe until the early modern period , and early on were limited to Italy. Even there it was not until the 14th century that the fork became common among Italians of all social classes. The change in attitudes can be illustrated by the reactions to the table manners of the Byzantine princess Theodora Doukaina in the late 11th century. She was the wife of Domenico Selvo , the Doge of Venice , and caused considerable dismay among upstanding Venetians.
The foreign consort's insistence on having her food cut up by her eunuch servants and then eating the pieces with a golden fork shocked and upset the diners so much that there was a claim that Peter Damian , Cardinal Bishop of Ostia , later interpreted her refined foreign manners as pride and referred to her as " All types of cooking involved the direct use of fire.
Kitchen stoves did not appear until the 18th century, and cooks had to know how to cook directly over an open fire. Ovens were used, but they were expensive to construct and only existed in fairly large households and bakeries. It was common for a community to have shared ownership of an oven to ensure that the bread baking essential to everyone was made communal rather than private. There were also portable ovens designed to be filled with food and then buried in hot coals, and even larger ones on wheels that were used to sell pies in the streets of medieval towns.
But for most people, almost all cooking was done in simple stewpots, since this was the most efficient use of firewood and did not waste precious cooking juices, making potages and stews the most common dishes.
This was considered less of a problem in a time of back-breaking toil, famine, and a greater acceptance—even desirability—of plumpness; only the poor or sick, and devout ascetics , were thin. Fruit was readily combined with meat, fish and eggs. The recipe for Tart de brymlent , a fish pie from the recipe collection Forme of Cury , includes a mix of figs , raisins , apples and pears with fish salmon , codling or haddock and pitted damson plums under the top crust.
This meant that food had to be "tempered" according to its nature by an appropriate combination of preparation and mixing certain ingredients, condiments and spices; fish was seen as being cold and moist, and best cooked in a way that heated and dried it, such as frying or oven baking, and seasoned with hot and dry spices; beef was dry and hot and should therefore be boiled ; pork was hot and moist and should therefore always be roasted.
In a recipe for quince pie, cabbage is said to work equally well, and in another turnips could be replaced by pears. The completely edible shortcrust pie did not appear in recipes until the 15th century. Before that the pastry was primarily used as a cooking container in a technique known as ' huff paste '.
Extant recipe collections show that gastronomy in the Late Middle Ages developed significantly. New techniques, like the shortcrust pie and the clarification of jelly with egg whites began to appear in recipes in the late 14th century and recipes began to include detailed instructions instead of being mere memory aids to an already skilled cook.
In most households, cooking was done on an open hearth in the middle of the main living area, to make efficient use of the heat. This was the most common arrangement, even in wealthy households, for most of the Middle Ages, where the kitchen was combined with the dining hall. Towards the Late Middle Ages a separate kitchen area began to evolve.
The first step was to move the fireplaces towards the walls of the main hall, and later to build a separate building or wing that contained a dedicated kitchen area, often separated from the main building by a covered arcade. This way, the smoke, odors and bustle of the kitchen could be kept out of sight of guests, and the fire risk lessened.
Many basic variations of cooking utensils available today, such as frying pans , pots , kettles , and waffle irons , already existed, although they were often too expensive for poorer households. Other tools more specific to cooking over an open fire were spits of various sizes, and material for skewering anything from delicate quails to whole oxen. Utensils were often held directly over the fire or placed into embers on tripods.
To assist the cook there were also assorted knives, stirring spoons, ladles and graters. In wealthy households one of the most common tools was the mortar and sieve cloth, since many medieval recipes called for food to be finely chopped, mashed, strained and seasoned either before or after cooking.
This was based on a belief among physicians that the finer the consistency of food, the more effectively the body would absorb the nourishment. It also gave skilled cooks the opportunity to elaborately shape the results. Fine-textured food was also associated with wealth; for example, finely milled flour was expensive, while the bread of commoners was typically brown and coarse.
A typical procedure was farcing from the Latin farcio , "to cram" , to skin and dress an animal, grind up the meat and mix it with spices and other ingredients and then return it into its own skin, or mold it into the shape of a completely different animal.
The kitchen staff of huge noble or royal courts occasionally numbered in the hundreds: While an average peasant household often made do with firewood collected from the surrounding woodlands, the major kitchens of households had to cope with the logistics of daily providing at least two meals for several hundred people.
Guidelines on how to prepare for a two-day banquet can be found in the cookbook Du fait de cuisine "On cookery" written in in part to compete with the court of Burgundy [44] by Maistre Chiquart, master chef of Amadeus VIII, Duke of Savoy.
Food preservation methods were basically the same as had been used since antiquity, and did not change much until the invention of canning in the early 19th century. The most common and simplest method was to expose foodstuffs to heat or wind to remove moisture , thereby prolonging the durability if not the flavor of almost any type of food from cereals to meats; the drying of food worked by drastically reducing the activity of various water-dependent microorganisms that cause decay.
In warm climates this was mostly achieved by leaving food out in the sun, and in the cooler northern climates by exposure to strong winds especially common for the preparation of stockfish , or in warm ovens, cellars, attics, and at times even in living quarters.
Subjecting food to a number of chemical processes such as smoking , salting , brining , conserving or fermenting also made it keep longer. Most of these methods had the advantage of shorter preparation times and of introducing new flavors.
Smoking or salting meat of livestock butchered in autumn was a common household strategy to avoid having to feed more animals than necessary during the lean winter months. Vegetables, eggs or fish were also often pickled in tightly packed jars, containing brine and acidic liquids lemon juice , verjuice or vinegar. Another method was to seal the food by cooking it in sugar or honey or fat, in which it was then stored. Microbial modification was also encouraged, however, by a number of methods; grains, fruit and grapes were turned into alcoholic drinks thus killing any pathogens, and milk was fermented and curdled into a multitude of cheeses or buttermilk.
The majority of the European population before industrialization lived in rural communities or isolated farms and households. The norm was self-sufficiency with only a small percentage of production being exported or sold in markets. Large towns were exceptions and required their surrounding hinterlands to support them with food and fuel.
The dense urban population could support a wide variety of food establishments that catered to various social groups. Many of the poor city dwellers had to live in cramped conditions without access to a kitchen or even a hearth, and many did not own the equipment for basic cooking. Food from vendors was in such cases the only option. Cookshops could either sell ready-made hot food, an early form of fast food , or offer cooking services while the customers supplied some or all of the ingredients.
Travellers, such as pilgrims en route to a holy site, made use of professional cooks to avoid having to carry their provisions with them. For the more affluent, there were many types of specialist that could supply various foods and condiments: Well-off citizens who had the means to cook at home could on special occasions hire professionals when their own kitchen or staff could not handle the burden of throwing a major banquet.
Urban cookshops that catered to workers or the destitute were regarded as unsavory and disreputable places by the well-to-do and professional cooks tended to have a bad reputation. Geoffrey Chaucer 's Hodge of Ware, the London cook from the Canterbury Tales , is described as a sleazy purveyor of unpalatable food. French cardinal Jacques de Vitry 's sermons from the early 13th century describe sellers of cooked meat as an outright health hazard.
The stereotypical cook in art and literature was male, hot-tempered, prone to drunkenness, and often depicted guarding his stewpot from being pilfered by both humans and animals. In the early 15th century, the English monk John Lydgate articulated the beliefs of many of his contemporaries by proclaiming that "Hoot ffir [fire] and smoke makith many an angry cook.
The period between c. More intense agriculture on an ever-increasing acreage resulted in a shift from animal products, like meat and dairy, to various grains and vegetables as the staple of the majority population. A bread-based diet became gradually more common during the 15th century and replaced warm intermediate meals that were porridge- or gruel-based.
Leavened bread was more common in wheat-growing regions in the south, while unleavened flatbread of barley, rye or oats remained more common in northern and highland regions, and unleavened flatbread was also common as provisions for troops.
The most common grains were rye , barley , buckwheat , millet and oats. Rice remained a fairly expensive import for most of the Middle Ages and was grown in northern Italy only towards the end of the period. Wheat was common all over Europe and was considered to be the most nutritious of all grains, but was more prestigious and thus more expensive. The finely sifted white flour that modern Europeans are most familiar with was reserved for the bread of the upper classes.
As one descended the social ladder, bread became coarser, darker, and its bran content increased. In times of grain shortages or outright famine, grains could be supplemented with cheaper and less desirable substitutes like chestnuts , dried legumes , acorns , ferns , and a wide variety of more or less nutritious vegetable matter. One of the most common constituents of a medieval meal, either as part of a banquet or as a small snack, were sops , pieces of bread with which a liquid like wine , soup , broth , or sauce could be soaked up and eaten.
Another common sight at the medieval dinner table was the frumenty , a thick wheat porridge often boiled in a meat broth and seasoned with spices. Porridges were also made of every type of grain and could be served as desserts or dishes for the sick, if boiled in milk or almond milk and sweetened with sugar. Pies filled with meats, eggs, vegetables, or fruit were common throughout Europe, as were turnovers , fritters , doughnuts , and many similar pastries.
By the Late Middle Ages biscuits cookies in the U. Grain, either as bread crumbs or flour, was also the most common thickener of soups and stews, alone or in combination with almond milk. The importance of bread as a daily staple meant that bakers played a crucial role in any medieval community. Bread consumption was high in most of Western Europe by the 14th century. Estimates of bread consumption from different regions are fairly similar: Among the first town guilds to be organized were the bakers', and laws and regulations were passed to keep bread prices stable.
The English Assize of Bread and Ale of listed extensive tables where the size, weight, and price of a loaf of bread were regulated in relation to grain prices. The baker's profit margin stipulated in the tables was later increased through successful lobbying from the London Baker's Company by adding the cost of everything from firewood and salt to the baker's wife, house, and dog.
Since bread was such a central part of the medieval diet, swindling by those who were trusted with supplying the precious commodity to the community was considered a serious offense. Bakers who were caught tampering with weights or adulterating dough with less expensive ingredients could receive severe penalties.
This gave rise to the " baker's dozen ": While grains were the primary constituent of most meals, vegetables such as cabbage , chard , onions , garlic and carrots were common foodstuffs. Many of these were eaten daily by peasants and workers and were less prestigious than meat.
The cookbooks, which appeared in the late Middle Ages and were intended mostly for those who could afford such luxuries, contained only a small number of recipes using vegetables as the main ingredient. The lack of recipes for many basic vegetable dishes, such as potages , has been interpreted not to mean that they were absent from the meals of the nobility, but rather that they were considered so basic that they did not require recording.
Regular blood tests can detect changes and avoid the development of an associated muscle wasting condition known as rhabdomyolysis. Symptoms may include stiffness, swelling and tenderness in the large muscles of the legs and back, dark urine, rapid heart rate, fever, nausea and vomiting. Liver impairment or failure can also result from long-term use or high doses of other medications, including over the counter pain relievers, such as acetaminophen. Toxic effects of these medications can cause jaundice, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and loss of appetite.
Video of the Day. What Does High Enzymes Mean? Elevated Liver Enzymes in Babies. Symptoms of Slightly Elevated Liver Enzymes. Elevated Glucose and Liver Enzymes. How to Get Liver Enzymes Down. Normal Levels for Liver Enzymes. Exercises for Elevated Liver Enzymes. Also those who experience joint pain and inflammation will benefit from the therapeutic effects of body wraps.
A simple wrap can be a mixture of a clay and some natural sea salt. To the simple wrap you can add more complex ingredients such as herbs and up to 2 tablespoons of an essential oil. Add remaining ingredients and stir. Adjust the water if necessary to form a wet paste. Rub the mixture over your entire body and cover yourself with thin towels or a clean white sheet. Most salons will recommend that you use proper wrapping sheets as the compaction helps to squeeze the tissues together for greater results.
Lay in the tub for a minimum of 45 min. Body wrap session tips. Body wraps are messy and in my opinion, the best place to take the wrap is in the bath tub. It can also be boring laying in the tub and staring at the ceiling for 45 min. To help make the time go by faster, you can listen to your favorite music on a walkman or bring in a portable television. Take a warm shower before applying the wrap to open the pores. Drink lots of water both before and after your wrap to help flush out toxins.
You can cover yourself with an inexpensive foil thermal blanket to keep warm. Try to avoid caffeine, sugar, fried fatty foods, soda drinks and alcohol for the next 48 hours.
Body Wrap Recipe Resource Online: After doing her own extensive research, she discovered homemade recipes that produced even greater results than the salon wrap she received.
Her recipes are available at the wrapyourselfslim website. You can also order Wrapping Clothes directly from her after downloading the recipes. See below to read the FAQ's about Danielle's body wrap recipes. Epsom salts for detox Another simple way to draw toxins out of the body is to take a hot epsom salt bath.
When magnesium sulfate epsom salt is absorbed through the skin in a bath, it helps to draw toxins from the body, reduce swelling and relax muscles. Epsom salts are named for the mineral rich waters of Epsom, England, where they were known at least as far back as Shakespeare's day.
Epsom Salt Detox Bath Recipe 1 cup epsom salts handful of sea salt 2 tablespoons of bath oil Pour the ingredients into the tub while the tub is filling. Do not take hot baths if you have high blood pressure, heart, diabetic or kidney troubles. Epsom Salt Scrub Recipe Massage a handful of epsom salts, mixed with 1 tablespoon of bath oil or olive oil, over wet skin to cleanse, exfoliate and soften the rough spots.
Can I do the wrap myself, or do I need help? These body wraps are so easy to do that you do NOT need any help from others.
All teams have the opportunity to submit their team into our College Player Profile Book. This book, detailing specific academic and athletic merits of each player, will be made available to the attending college coaches. In order to be included in the booklet, the following profile forms must be uploaded to GotSoccer.
: Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives.
I honestly have no idea why people hate this movie so much. It is not exceptional, but it was okay. Great Quality btw...
It is great for the first two thirds but then things get a little lengthy. But it has a great ending!
That is great to finally see on the big screen. I don't want to spoil anything in particular but this is a film that everyone should give a chance
The characters are great, they're interesting, they're funny, they will make you laugh. Trust me, at a point this movie will hit you where you live.
This is a movie which you dare not miss, because if you miss this one you are never going to see another. Be prepared for one last lovely beautiful and thrilling ride ahead of you, that's well worth your time and memories.
This filename has been transmitted via an external affiliate, we can therefore furnish no guarantee for the existence of this file on our servers.
MOVIE & TV SHOW respects the intellectual property of others. MOVIE & TV SHOW takes matters of Intellectual Property very seriously and is committed to meeting the needs of content owners while helping them manage publication of their content online.
It should be noted that MOVIE & TV SHOW is a simple search engine of videos available at a wide variety websites.
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible on this site, you may notify our copyright agent, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA). For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address
A statement that the complaining party "in good faith believes that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law"
A statement that the "information in the notification is accurate", and "under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed"
The above information must be submitted as a written, faxed or emailed notification to the following Designated Agent:
This information should not be construed as legal advice, for further details on the information required for valid DMCA notifications, see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3).
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use MOVIE & TV SHOW, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us. MOVIE & TV SHOW strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
MOVIE & TV SHOW collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign up to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables MOVIE & TV SHOW to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If MOVIE & TV SHOW is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please use our Contact Us page.
MOVIE & TV SHOW reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
If you do not agree to MOVIE & TV SHOW Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
MOVIE & TV SHOW provides this website as a service. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and/or up-to- date.
The materials contained on this website are provided for general information purposes only. MOVIE & TV SHOW does not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance on information contained on this site.
Permission is given for the downloading and temporary storage of one or more of these pages for the purpose of viewing on a personal computer. The contents of this site are protected by copyright under international conventions and, apart from the permission stated, the reproduction, permanent storage, or retransmission of the contents of this site is prohibited without the prior written consent of MOVIE & TV SHOW.
Some links within this website may lead to other websites, including those operated and maintained by third parties. MOVIE & TV SHOW includes these links solely as a convenience to you, and the presence of such a link does not imply a responsibility for the linked site or an endorsement of the linked site, its operator, or its contents (exceptions may apply).
This website and its contents are provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Reproduction, distribution, republication, and/or retransmission of material contained within this website are prohibited unless the prior written permission of MOVIE & TV SHOW has been obtained. provides this website as a service. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and/or up-to- date.
Reproduction, distribution, republication, and/or retransmission of material contained within this website are prohibited unless the prior written permission of MOVIE & TV SHOW has been obtained.
If this document matches the user guide, instructions manual or user manual, feature sets, schematics you are looking for, download it now. Lastmanuals provides you a fast and easy access to the user manual KENWOOD KDC-BT355U. We hope that this KENWOOD KDC-BT355U user guide will be useful to you.
Lastmanuals offers a socially driven service of sharing, storing and searching manuals related to use of hardware and software : user guide, owner's manual, quick start guide, technical datasheets...
In any way can't Lastmanuals be held responsible if the document you are looking for is not available, incomplete, in a different language than yours, or if the model or language do not match the description. Lastmanuals, for instance, does not offer a translation service.
Click on "Download the user Manual" at the end of this Contract if you accept its terms, the downloading of the manual KENWOOD KDC-BT355U will begin.
Dating from the earliest times in Latin America, alcohol has played a crucial social, economic, political, and cultural role. Often reserved for politico-religious leaders, alcohol was a ... More
Dating from the earliest times in Latin America, alcohol has played a crucial social, economic, political, and cultural role. Often reserved for politico-religious leaders, alcohol was a conduit through which power flowed in many pre-contact indigenous societies; indigenous drinkways (production, commerce, and consumption habits) were associated with communal ritual events and social prestige. Introduced to the Americas by Europeans, distillation profoundly altered the potency of alcoholic drinks for people who were accustomed to fermentation. Even as the social and cultural practices of alcohol consumption changed over time, alcohol continued to have political and economic implications in the colonial and national periods in Latin America. Fearing that inebriation bred disorder and recognizing that moonshining undercut their own revenues, colonial and national governments alike sought to regulate, if not control, the production, sale, and consumption of alcohol. In nations as diverse as Mexico, Bolivia, Peru, and Guatemala, indigenous women came to play integral roles in the (oftentimes illicit) sale and production of alcohol. A cash nexus for moving labor and land and a crucial component of the economic system by which (often unscrupulous) labor brokers recruited workers, alcohol was a currency of local economies. As a commodity of local, national, and international significance, alcohol shaped the fate of nation-states.
People’s class, ethnic, race, and gender identities all played into their access to alcohol. Although a person’s choice of libation could define their position, some of the more fascinating histories of alcohol are punctuated with women and men who used alcohol to disrupt social conventions. Through the consumption of alcohol, rituals and ceremonies created and reconstituted community both within and across ethnic groups. Imbibing could also divide people. Even while they sipped their cognacs and brandies, elites portrayed indigenous people, the poor, and other marginalized people getting drunk on moonshine to discount and denigrate them. Often associated with (particularly violent) crime, alcohol was seen as a vice by many and excoriated during temperance movements. Yet defendants across Latin America took advantage of judicial systems that considered alcohol a mitigating circumstance in many crimes. As 20th-century evangelical sects that preached abstinence as the route to wealth and marital bliss grew to unprecedented numbers, traditional healers and biomedical practitioners continued to tout alcohol’s medicinal value. In short, alcohol was a marker of social position and cultural identity, a crucial component in community and state building, and a commodity around which different cultural traditions, healing practices, and policing policies developed and evolved.
While Europeans basked in the glory of their so-called century of peace between the end of the Napoleonic wars (1815) and the onset of World War I (1914), Latin Americans knew no such ... More
While Europeans basked in the glory of their so-called century of peace between the end of the Napoleonic wars (1815) and the onset of World War I (1914), Latin Americans knew no such luxury. Conflict became a way of life for Latin Americans attempting to construct nation-states. Liberals and Conservatives dueled with one another for political power, while caudillos (military strongmen) added their unique twisted logic to the political process. Historians have spilled considerable ink detailing these internal conflicts that complicated Latin America’s struggle for effective state formation in the early national period but have paid much less attention to the external wars over disputed boundaries that involved every South American nation during the 19th century. As historian Robert Burr described it: boundary conflicts were the “congenital international disease of Spain’s former colonies.”
The Caste Wars of the Yucatán tore apart the peninsula between 1847 and 1901. While the violence was not constant throughout the more than five decades between the start and conclusion of ... More
The Caste Wars of the Yucatán tore apart the peninsula between 1847 and 1901. While the violence was not constant throughout the more than five decades between the start and conclusion of the war itself, the threat of rebel hostilities was ever present. Scholars have debated the origins of the war for many decades, with most recent academic treatments focusing on heavy tax burdens, poor working conditions for Yucatán’s peasantry, and the loss of land that occurred during the second half of the century. Tensions between political leaders exacerbated relations with the Mayas in particular and the peasantry more generally. The emergence of the breakaway state of Chan Santa Cruz, in the southeastern part of Yucatán, allowed rebel forces to coalesce between 1850 and the early 1870s. Here, a “Speaking Cross” oracle gave direction to the rebellious Mayas, who crushed their enemies and exacted revenge against those who would not support their cause. The emergence of Porfirio Díaz as President of Mexico in 1876 led to a gradual “reconquest” of the areas held by the cruzob, or “people of the Cross.” By 1901, the Mexican military ended the Caste Wars, though violent episodes still marred Yucatán until the early 1930s.
Chin Chun Chan premiered at the Teatro Principal in Mexico City on April 9, 1904, to an enthusiastic audience. The first Mexican zarzuela written by José F. Elizondo and ... More
Chin Chun Chan premiered at the Teatro Principal in Mexico City on April 9, 1904, to an enthusiastic audience. The first Mexican zarzuela written by José F. Elizondo and Rafael Medina with music by Luis G. Jordá initiated a new current in Mexican lyric theater that moved away from the Spanish zarzuelas and the operas popular during the Porfiriato: the teatro de revistas, or revistas. With the subtitle of “A Chinese Conflict in One Act and Three Scenes,” Chin Chun Chan is a story about mistaken identity in which a fed-up man attempts to escape his jealous partner by disguising himself as a Chinese dignitary at a grand hotel in Mexico City. Chin Chun Chan was a significant move away from Spanish productions, attempting to create a local entertainment that could be defined as Mexican through popular characters, dialogues, music, and colloquialisms. This formula set the stage for later revistas particularly during the armed struggle of the Revolution (1910–1920). Through a closer examination of the music numbers and the dialogue, Chin Chun Chan offers new readings on the position of ethnicity, nationalism, and sexuality during this contemporary period of political and social instability and initiates an important period in Mexican theatrical history.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the global trade in commodities forged new economic interconnections and contributed to the emergence of modern ways of life. As one of the ... More
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the global trade in commodities forged new economic interconnections and contributed to the emergence of modern ways of life. As one of the leading exporters of temperate goods such as wool, beef, and wheat, Argentina was at the forefront of these trends, and the country underwent remarkable expansion between 1875 and 1913. Although export goods linked Argentina to consumers in Europe and elsewhere, these vital relationships were often obscured by the malleable nature of commodities, the far-flung scope of overseas trade, and the perceived divergence between rural and urban worlds. Within Argentina, similar dynamics were also at work, but commodities became referents in disputes over economic distribution, social inequality, and national development. The tensions between the export sector and an increasingly industrialized and urbanized society geared toward mass consumption raised questions as to how to manage the nation’s wealth—conflicts involving commodities that parallel those of other Latin American societies. By placing the economic history of commodities into conversation with recent research on the social, cultural, and political history of consumption, this article reconsiders Argentina’s “Golden Age” of expansion and its aftermath. The connecting and distancing power of commodities reveals how populations in Argentina and abroad experienced modern capitalism, including its signature transformations of the natural world and everyday life.
A persuasive literature has argued that the course of Latin American history from the arrival of Europeans to the present has been shaped to a large extent by a small but expanding group ... More
A persuasive literature has argued that the course of Latin American history from the arrival of Europeans to the present has been shaped to a large extent by a small but expanding group of literate bureaucrats, church officials, lawyers, and intellectuals, known as letrados, who made their lives in urban centers. Those marked by this combination of power, urban living, and the written word, an assemblage that Angel Rama has dubbed “the lettered city,” utilized literature, history, the law, politics, and higher education to imagine the country into existence textually and to justify the hierarchies and inequalities that characterized their rule. Yet in Mexico, as elsewhere in Latin America, writing has a long history in nonelite settings, a venue that, in recognition of this fact, has now been referred to as “the lettered countryside.” Moreover, as understandings of a single literacy are giving way to a concern with “literacies,” defined in the plural and operating in relationship rather than opposed to such things as orality and visuality, traces of literacy practices are being discovered in many locations. Foregrounding the conjunction of the lettered city and the lettered countryside is an attempt to bring these venues into conversation while doing away with the binary that associates literary with the city and orality with the rural.
Over the course of the 19th century in Mexico, although the written word was still pressed into the service of national imagining, a number of other characteristics shaped the conjunction of the lettered city and the lettered countryside. A struggle over secularization was one new development, as authority came increasingly to be invested in the written word itself rather than justified in religious terms. New forms of literacies emerged, especially those associated with the novel and other forms of publications, including newspapers, periodicals for and by women, and the penny press, creating new publics with distinct senses of themselves as communities of readers and listeners; oratory, public discussion of politics and other issues in various venues, and the phenomenon of indirect readers also brought together these two locations. As early as the 1840s, rural residents in some parts of the country had made writing their own, drafting political proclamations in which they defined such things as federalism in their own terms and asserted themselves in national politics. While elite diarists, both men and women, left traces of their emotional lives in various forms of life writing over the course of the entire period, ordinary people, including mine workers, agricultural laborers, and women who carried out household duties, wrote love letters to each other by the last third of the century, if not before. Composed and exchanged by means of cooperation, the use of intermediaries known as evangelistas, or by individuals with various degrees of facility in reading and writing, love letters served as privileged means of communicating the emotions they brought into being while often ending up as evidence in legal proceedings that continued to assert the prerogatives of the lettered city even as it came ever more intimately conjoined with the lettered countryside.
Theater in Argentina and Uruguay, which together compose the Plata river region of Latin America, has been a predominant form of entertainment since the 19th century. Theaters abound in ... More
Theater in Argentina and Uruguay, which together compose the Plata river region of Latin America, has been a predominant form of entertainment since the 19th century. Theaters abound in Montevideo, while its sister city. Buenos Aires, has its own Broadway in the famed Corrientes Street. In the age of digital culture, the theater remains a mainstay of cultural life for Argentines and Uruguayans. The success of theater and the making of a theatergoing public in the region have their roots first in the variety of entertainment offered by hemispheric travelers to the region from the 1820s through the 1880s and then, most significantly, in shows put on by itinerant circus troupes in the countryside that only later filled urban theaters. From the mid-1880s through 1900 these circus troupes performed plays known as dramas criollos that dealt with rural traditions and explored issues of migration, social stratification, and tensions of economic modernization. These Creole dramas, like the narrative and poetic tales of gaucho heroes that informed them, became wildly successful, attracting spectators in the countryside and city alike, in venues ranging from makeshift tents to the most opulent theaters. They also became the namesake of the circo criollo, which referred as much to types of performers staging the tales as to the circus event where people flocked to see the new main attraction—the dramas. In effect, the Creole drama phenomenon expanded the presence of popular entertainment across the region and consolidated a theatergoing public. It also gave way to a new strand of modern popular culture in which storylines and characters reappeared in other media, and the impact of the Creole drama experience long outlived the spectacle itself.
The Hijuelas project is a multi-domain international collaboration that makes available in digital form a large and valuable source on nineteenth-century indigenous history––the so-called ... More
The Hijuelas project is a multi-domain international collaboration that makes available in digital form a large and valuable source on nineteenth-century indigenous history––the so-called libros de hijuelas or deed books recording the statewide privatization of indigenous lands in Michoacán, Mexico. These deed books, 194 in total, have been digitized and described over a two-year period by a team of History students from Michoacán’s state university, the Universidad Michoacana de San Nicolás Hidalgo (UMSNH), trained by and working under the supervision of archivists of the Lozano Long Institute of Latin American Studies-Benson Latin American Collection of (LLILAS Benson) of the University of Texas at Austin. Additional logistical support has been provided by the Centro de Investigaciones y Estudios Superiores en Antropología Social (CIESAS) as a partner institution in Mexico of the University of Texas at Austin and by the state government of Michoacán via the Archivo General e Histórico del Poder Ejecutivo de Michoacán (AGHPEM), which is custodian of the hijuelas books. The project was generously funded by the British Library through its Endangered Archives Programme (EAP 931, “Conserving Indigenous Memories of Land Privatization in Mexico: Michoacán’s Libros de Hijuelas, 1719–1929”).
The project seeks to be innovative in two ways. As a post-custodial archiving project, first and foremost, it uses digital methods to make easily accessible to historians, anthropologists, and indigenous communities the only consolidated state-level record of the land privatizations (reparto de tierras) affecting Mexican indigenous communities in the 19th century. It therefore projects digitally a key source for historians and one that possesses clear identitarian and agrarian importance for indigenous communities. It also makes widely available a source that is becoming physically unstable and inaccessible because of the difficult public security conditions affecting Michoacán. As a collaboration involving diverse institutional actors, furthermore, the project brings together institutions from three different countries and is an example of what may be achieved through equitable international collaborations.
The Ibero-Amerikanisches Institut Preußischer Kulturbesitz (IAI; Ibero-American Institute at the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation) owns a collection of some 750 works of Mexican popular culture, the majority of which were illustrated by the printmaker and engraver José Guadalupe Posada (1851–1913) and printed by Antonio Vanegas Arroyo (1850–1917), whose company operated from the 1880s to the 1940s. The collection is comprised of a broad range of media, from chapbooks and magazines to Hojas sueltas (broadsheets). The texts of the published works cover a broad range of topics, on the one hand drawing on themes from Ibero-American—and especially Mexican—oral traditions and popular piety; and on the other hand, covering current affairs in Mexico and, to a lesser extent, abroad. The majority of the texts are in prose. Various forms of poetry, above all corridos (ballads), are also featured.
The Posada Collection continues to be systematically enlarged and forms part of the Ibero-American Institute’s exceptionally rich collections of popular culture around 1900 from Latin America and the Iberian Peninsula. Completely in open access, it is one of the IAI’s most consulted digital collections.
Throughout their history, the countries of Central America have attempted several forms of political and economic integration. After declaring independence in the 19th century, the region ... More
Throughout their history, the countries of Central America have attempted several forms of political and economic integration. After declaring independence in the 19th century, the region lacked its earlier cohesion vis-à-vis Spanish colonial governance. The former provinces aligned themselves in favor of either centralizing regional power in a federal republic or establishing complete political autonomy through the formation of new nation-states. Forces in favor of the latter eventually prevailed.
An attempt at economic integration began in the mid-20th century. It was actively backed by the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) and eventually led to the creation of the Central American Common Market (CACM). Despite favorable economic conditions in the Post-World War II period, a number of complications undermined integration efforts: war, political crises, and interests that ran contrary to those of the United States. Integration was postponed until the end of the 1980s, after the Esquipulas II Accord reestablished peace in the region.
After the countries of Central America signed the Guatemala Protocol in 1993, economic integration was promoted under the banner of free trade. This was done by regional economic groups with the goal of reconnecting the region to global commerce under the most advantageous circumstances possible.
Today’s discussion takes us to Poland and Israel with photographer Randy Narkir. It’s a sobering discussion about the March of the Living. When reading from their website, it’s "an annual educational program, bringing individuals from around the world to Poland and Israel to study the history of the Holocaust and to examine the roots of ...
I respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously. Your info won't be shared. Also, just so you know, messages from this service will come from brentbergherm.com. Thanks!
Latitude Photography Podcast is a production of Brent Bergherm Photography | © 2018 Brent J. Bergherm
Survey companies I recommend include Swagbucks, Survey Junkie, American Consumer Opinion, Pinecone Research, Opinion Outpost, Prize Rebel, and Harris Poll Online.If you are looking for a good investing platform, I recommend Motif.I earn over 100,000 a month online do immigrants get food vouchers
Falling in love can be a scary ride.Even if it isnt perfect, the old saying, its the thought that counts, has been proven to be true.Thats not weird, is it?Wrap-up A birthday is a very important day in ones life.5, ask your boyfriend
August 29th - September 3rd 200 3 6/1/2018 6/15/2018 6/22/ Two tickets to the Wisconsin State Fair Two tickets to the Wisconsin State Fair.Paul Saints Baseball Game Two tickets to the June 25th.Unless otherwise specified in the prize notification communication, and required due
Covered snap with tunnel entrance and sensitive trigger means no stolen bait and effective, humane kill.
Ace Hardware and the Ace Hardware logo are registered oxbridge home learning discount trademarks of Ace Hardware Corporation.
Recently Viewed 2018 Ace Hardware.A reusable and cost effective mouse trap.Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change mothers day gifts for expectant mothers without notice.Buy Online Pickup Today.Prices, promotions, styles, and availability may vary.
Designed to give you less of a chance to come in contact with rodents, no risk of contact with dead mouse.
View Details, home lawn and Garden insect and Animal Control animal Traps Compare, home animal Traps, find at another store, close.
Find at another store, ship to Home, this product is unavailable for Ship to Home.Instant Savings online and in-store, join Ace Rewards Now.99 image/svgxml 59 Estimated Points, free Store Pickup.Members receiveexclusive benefits 2,500 points 5 reward, money saving coupons, sale reminders.For screen reader problems with this website, please call or email.And let your locks try something new.The Clinique Smart Rewards program is available to individuals who homemade gift ideas for 21st birthday girl are legal residents of the United States (including its territories and possessions) and at least 18 years of age or older and who provide and maintain a valid email address.
#2 Easter Egg Eggstravaganza, fill each of the eggs with a slip of paper with a silly task such as sing Itsy Bity Spider, name three fruits that are red, or do a handstand.
Muriel Scholz moved from Katherine to begin studying a Bachelor of Science at CDU and has chosen to live on campus at International House Darwin (IHD). She loves to socialise with the domestic and international CDU students who also reside at IHD and shares her experience about making life-long friends at uni, and tips about how to balance study and social life with us.
I was born and raised in Katherine, just down the road. Darwin and CDU seemed like a good place to start off, being so close to home and something I was comfortable and familiar with. Initially, I discovered IHD by staying here briefly on a high school excursion but rediscovered it myself through researching accommodation options once I'd decided to move to Darwin.
The best part about living at IHD is the opportunity to interact with so many people from other countries
I've always known that I wanted to go to university to continue studying, that I loved science, and that I wanted to know more. Although I didn't have a particular career in mind, I thought a Bachelor of Science could set me up for further study and even help me figure out what I might want to pursue.
Even though I haven't officially decided what I want to do when I finish my degree, most possibly I will continue to study, perhaps in health or animal science.
The best part about living at IHD is the opportunity to interact with so many people from other countries, especially with the exchange students. It’s very easy and convenient to live here; you get to experience being independent while also being part of a very interactive community. The events are a great way to socialise, and there is always help around when it’s needed.
I believe CDU's active exchange program is great for networking and encourages travel among students to visit one another in their home countries. In comparison to other universities, CDU’s teaching staff is much more readily available to individual students. That is because the classes are much smaller, which means you get more one-on-one contact with lecturers. I believe this is a key part of learning for myself and other students.
One of the aspects of living away from home is that it can sometimes be overwhelming, especially when you begin to feel isolated.
Sometimes it can be difficult to meet new people and build those meaningful relationships. If you are feeling overwhelmed about being out of home, it's important to realise that’s a perfectly normal way to feel, and the best way to overcome it is to get involved in uni community life. Engaging with your uni community helps build those relationships that you come to rely on; it shows you that you aren't alone, all the while keeping you preoccupied. My advice to students feeling overwhelmed or isolated would be not to forget to reach out to those you usually would and remind yourself that they are still there.
It’s key to remember that when you're looking for people to befriend that you should stay true to who you are; you can't expect to truly connect with people if you are putting up a front. It's also essential to put yourself out there - talk to your classmates and be an active member in group situations.
One of the major challenges I face while at university is making study a priority. As I am someone who loves the social side of uni life, it's hard to find a balance between the two, so I can stay active in my social groups while being up to date with class work.
One of the ways I try to balance study and socialising is studying with my friends. Though it's not always as productive as it could be, it’s better than skipping out all together and seeing your friends so determined is motivating. Another way is to find out when your friends are studying and utilise this time apart to do your own independent study.
A lot of the skills that will be most important to me when I graduate will be my practical ones: being able to assess different situations and act accordingly. I think this is key in being successful in all respects. I would like to think that this will help me be an effective member not only in society, but in the workplace. Taking the time to develop myself will translate into how I contribute to the future of my community.
Lastly, is there anything else you would like to share about your experience at IHD? Or studying with CDU?
Living in the IHD community is like nothing I've ever known, and is such a unique experience that I’m quite appreciative for. I'm really glad I made the decision to come here; had I not have, I would’nt have had the chance to meet all the amazing people from countless different countries and walks of life that I now have the pleasure of calling my friends. It really gives you a chance to build strong relationships and expose yourself to true diversity. This is a time that I won't soon forget.
Are you considering studying a Bachelor of Laws, but struggling to figure out how you’ll fit lecturers, library visits and study groups into your already busy schedule? Good news: like most things these days, you can study your Law degree online through CDU. Read on to find out what’s involved.
Darwin-born Cathryn Doney had a professional IT consulting career before she decided to study Psychology at CDU. Cathryn plans to draw on her life experience and skills to succeed. She is aiming to pave her way to a future in research, academia, applied learning, or in a consulting capacity at the junction of technology, organisational design and psychological science.
CDU student Alana de Laive has developed a keen interest in wildlife and herpetology. She has worked in various roles as an ecologist and wildlife keeper and wanted to further her career by undertaking a part-time Bachelor of Science (Ecology) degree with CDU. Alana is continuing her studies with an Honours project focusing on the conservation of the giant Amazon River turtle.
We’ve all been there. You’ve written a great assignment and kept a rough record of your references – which means you have to spend a good hour or two tidying them up. All while you’re desperate for that end-of-assignment coffee and the deadline is approaching! Here, CDU’s team of expert librarians, share their top tips on how to speed up the referencing process.
IDX information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non‐commercial use, that it may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing, and that the data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the MLS.
The real estate listing information and related content displayed on this site is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. This information and related content is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by Summit MLS.
The real estate listing information and related content displayed on this site is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. This information and related content is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the Pikes Peak REALTOR® Services Corp.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange (IDX) program of METROLIST, INC., DBA RECOLORADO®. Real estate listings held by brokers other than RE/MAX Alliance are marked with the IDX Logo. This information is being provided for the consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any other purpose. All information subject to change and should be independently verified. [more]
Nobody in the world sells more homes than RE/MAX. Nobody in Colorado's Front Range sells more homes than RE/MAX Alliance. Thanks for reading the bottom of the page! Don't forget, if you ever need to talk to us, we're a phone call, email, tweet, instant message, or smoke signal away.
I forgot that I had restarted the blog. The WV Sports Council hosted a youth event down at the park this week and I had the opportunity to go be a part of it. They had wonderful kids there, just excited about life and excited to be out DOING. We did a two mile run/walk with a baton that the kids were supposed to hand off so that every kid got to carry the baton for part of the run. I think they actually accomplished that task, which is pretty impressive for a group of any age people. I also accomplished the entire two mile run/walk and got to visit with a bunch of the kids en route (I mostly walked, I have to admit, other than a sprint finish, which I lost). They all seemed so smart, articulate, and talented for being in elementary school still. It makes me question whether I’m still taking advantage of all of the opportunities of Learning that I have. Which I guess is why it’s good to check in with the under-12 group every once in a while.
Apparently I am in the minority in the opinion that this is mostly pretentious bullshit. Of course Salman Rushdie writes well. Anyone can see that he has an amazing ability with words and descriptions that describe situations and places to a T. But, but, but it so unbelievably boring to read this prodigious flow of words for almost 650 pages.
I guess I am just a troglodyte when it comes to "great" literature. This is not the first Booker winner I have read this year that I pretty much hated. At least the The Remains of the Day was short enough that I didn't get angry about the time I spent on reading. One reviewer on Goodreads said that Midnight's Children is like Rushdie is telling us a dream that goes on long past the time that the listener can even feign interest. I definitely agree since MC wanders around and abruptly changes scenes like dreams typically do.
I can't say that the entire book bored me. Book I almost made me give up, but it got better with Book II and Book III was better still. However, I was so irritated at the kind of lack of resolution to the end. I have never read any Rushdie novel before and if this is indicative of his writing, I never will again. Maybe if I had any real knowledge of Indian/Pakistani history (or any interest for that matter) this novel would have been a much different experience for me. Almost certainly so since I understand very few of the historical references. Oh well, I'll just have to make better picks for my reading in my personal troglodyte cave in the future.
Archive of Worldwide Legal news, articles, press releases, legal journals, blawgs and rss feeds about international law and national legal systems.
Over 200 passengers were rescued after an explosion rocked the Lithuanian passenger and car ferry, Lisco Gloria, which was on route from the German port of Kiel to Klaipeda in Lithuania. A fire then engulfed the ferry which had 236 passengers and crew on board. Over 20 people on the ferry reportedly were injured. Several nearby vessels rescued the passengers, many of whom were swimming in the water. Video Credit: Reuters
Do you need High Quality Legal documents or forms related to Over 200 Passengers Rescued From Burning Ferry in Baltic Sea?
This entry was posted in Admiralty-Maritime Law and tagged Baltic, Burning, Ferry, over, Passengers, RESCUED. Bookmark the permalink.
Randy Kessler on Dr Phil discussing Terrell Owens child support on Georgia divorce decree cannot be modified by the trial court in contempt action, even if it will result in hardship
Dubai Export Regulations| on UK Regulators Emphasize Continued Relevance of True and Fair Principle under GAAP and IFRS
Atlanta Paper Exposes Widespread Violation of Federal Law by Private Investigators and the Lawyers That Enable Them
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 March 2013 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000
Our Legislation and litigation news resources : Daily, weekly, monthly Journals, Blawgs (web blogs), xml and rss feeds, local and worldwide search engines, latest press releases from - International and local News & Information services - for legal professionals and public.
Law.Hukuki.NET a human edited News Directory, organized by category, offers content rich and well designed legal sites.
Personal Injury Lawyers in Los Angeles, California. We handle vehicle accidents and medical malpractice we well as dog bites and slip & fall accidents.
Divorce Attorneys in Boise – Idaho Family Law Lawyers – Custody Attorney Paternity Lawyer – Paternity Determination
Polygamy is a “hot topic” in family law scholarship (as well as in the popular media). A few great looking articles with their SSRN abstracts: “They Aint Whites; Theyre Mormons: An Illustrated History of Polygamy as Race Treason” MARTHA M….
Legal notice about the Polygamy Scholarship rubric : Hukuki Net Legal News is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content from Web sites outside of the Hukuki.net site. Please refer the progenitor link to check the legal entity of this resource hereinabove.
Charles Reichmann, UC Berkeley School of Law, has published Anti-Chinese Racism at Berkeley: The Case for Renaming...
Four cities and two individuals filed suit yesterday against the Trump Administration, arguing that the Administration’s efforts...
Its the toughest law in the land when it comes to punishing employers knowingly hiring illegal aliens,...
The Los Angeles Clippers were well known as being named “Lob City” when they had former stars like Chris Paul, Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan.
This year, they have taking a liking to a new name they've quickly earned in the 2018 season which is “Clamp City”, as their stifling defense was surely on display once again Sunday night when Los Angeles (4-2) routed the Washington Wizards (1-5) 136-104 at Staples Center.
“As a team, we want to not only be known as an offensive team in the West, but a defensive team as well,” said Clippers Avery Bradley who finished with 15 points on 50 percent shooting. “We know defense wins’ games, and that’s our mentality going into games.”
Tobias Harris scored 22 points to lead nine players in double-figures for the Clippers, only two days after Los Angeles bench set a franchise record with 85 points against the Houston Rockets.
“It was because of our defense,” Clippers coach Doc Rivers said on holding the Wizards to a season-low in points. “Everybody’s excited about the offense, but it’s the defense that does the dirty work and allows everybody to score.”
Washington hung around early on in the game, as their deficit was only eight points after the first quarter, (20-28).
However, in the second period, the Wizards were outscored 41-34, as Los Angeles made 5-of-6 three-point baskets compared to Washington shooting 33.3 percent behind the arc on 1-of-3 attempts.
In comparison, the Wizards missed 22 of their 27 attempts from the three-point line and shot 39.2 percent from the field, while Los Angeles tallied 35 assists and shot 55.2 percent from three (16-for-29).
Los Angeles bench was phenomenal once again, as they threatened to break their previous record Friday, but nonetheless, still managed to boast 73 points on the night.
Lou Williams led the second unit 17 points, while Boban Marjanovic and Montrezl Harrell both chipped in with 13 points each, respectively.
Clippers rookie point guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander boasted an impressive stat line of 10 points, eight rebounds and seven assists in 28 minutes of play off the bench.
“That’s gonna happen as the season goes on and as the chemistry gets better with the guys out there.”
Former Los Angeles Clippers guard Austin Rivers made his first return to Staples Center since the June trade that sent Marcin Gortat to the Clippers in exchange for Rivers.
However, with the result of the score, Rivers return wasn't pleasant to say the least, due to his team’s defensive efforts against Los Angeles.
“Our defense was horrendous. I don’t know how we expect to win,” added Rivers who scored nine points 3-of-6 shooting.
“Teams are just walking into the paint, making layups, getting open threes. It just comes from effort and talking. You’ve just got to have personal pride. You’ve got to get mad when somebody scores on you. They’re not the Golden State [Warriors].”
John Wall finished with 18 points on 8-for-20 shooting, while Bradley Beal scored 20 points on 8-for-16 shots.
Both players remained on the bench for the final 12 minutes of play; due to the score being 97-77 in favor of Los Angeles through three quarters.
In the fourth quarter, the Clippers outscored the Wizards (39-27) thanks to Williams and Harrell combing for 27 points, which ultimately led to Los Angeles embarrassing Washington by a final score of 136-104.
We have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue.
Many clients use eBay to purchase and sell stock. The process is quite easy but like all online transactions it is open to fraud. There are a number of useful guides on the internet but let’s consider some of them.
Some sellers try and elude you by using an excuse that they’re not an expert. Avoid these or be very wary. They are already slippery before they do the deal with you. After the sale they will use their lack of expertise to suggest they didn’t know.
Sellers can have multiple memberships and along with friends can boost up feedback selling ‘next to worthless’ items.
Here the buyer might claim to be in the UK but asks for the goods to be shipped abroad or to a brother on the M1 services. It is possible to set preferences to limit bids by UK buyers, select PayPal as the only payment and wait to deliver an item only after payment has been made – even if it’s a high bid!
Remember that unless you have delivered to a confirmed address using a trackable service, PayPal will side with the buyer and chargeback the price for you.
Fraudsters will pick up on seeing buyers pipped at the post and make contact by email with details of the same goodies to sell you, but, of course, not the goodies themselves. As with all emails check them out and, of course check with the top buyer.
Think in these simple terms. Joe Public comes to visit you and opens a newspaper. He shows you an advertisement which gives a name, address, a phone number and details of some cars. He says to you “which car would you like?” You point to one. He says great – hand over the cash and I will deliver it tomorrow! Would you do that – no! But that’s exactly what the internet is. It’s an advertisement slightly more refined but still open to fraud because of the fact that all the information is VIRTUAL ...not VERIFIED. On top of this, if things go wrong, how are you going to sue them? You haven’t got their address, and probably can’t get it. There is an eBay toolbar with a feature called account guard. This turns green when on an official eBay or PayPal site.
It’s not ideal but far more secure than paying cheque or cash into a seller’s bank. Escrow is another way to add protection to the transaction. They act as a clearing house and won’t release money for the buyer to the seller until both parties are satisfied with the sale. The only eBay approved service is Escrow.com. The fees are agreed between buyer and seller.
To ensure you are a real person signing up and to prevent automated signups (spamming) could we ask you to copy the letters and numbers shown below into the box.
Every property has a special refuge waiting to be revealed. A resting place for your mind. A rejuvenating getaway for your soul. A welcoming center for friends and family. Lawrence Landscapes creates these special places with innovative custom designs, and crafts them with great care and skill. It’s a unique vision that time after time become real living vignettes, both indoors and outdoors.
It can take years to suitable a settlement from your case. Pre-settlementfunding.com is presented to giving you the cash for settlement that you oblige Now, to cool you of cash identified weight with the objective that you and your Attorney can work to accomplish a most excellent recovery.
Bothered social affairs who wind up fused in credible peculiar hurt cases are generally considered gazing vacantly at nothing in particular, monetarily talking. To add ill-use to mischief, they are as often as possible tormented with a novel fusion of cash identified tests that avoid them from picking up any kind of fiscal help through reliable channels, case in point, banks, credit unions and other giving cooperations. These "phenomenal money distinguished tests" can join repulsive credit, charge liens, supportive liens, no range assurance, no month to month pay, unemployed, constant inadequacies that need them from getting work and a weakness to make run of the mill month to month improvement divides.
Settlement credits and case financing are wonderful tracks for bothered social events in need of cash distinguished help to get such move down without peril. Despite overheads realized with presettlement headways, the no-danger contemplate give satisfying decisions for disturbed social undertakings in need of cash. Constantly do your examination into the substance financing your settlement credits and case supporting. All fees/costs will be acquainted with you before confirming if the financing is the thing that you require. Furthermore, you will have no not precisely 72 hours to deny your agree to the financing offered, on the most fundamental level after you sign the appreciation. Naturally, your authentic guide will in like way be obliged to guarantee the financing extended.
Low Rates! Our rates are the lowest you'll ever find, leading the market! Call today: 1-888-849-9545
Notwithstanding the way that we rely on upon helpful authorities to recoup and recovery us, sometimes they don't give the thought we require and merit. Things we decried in the later past, for instance the capacity to walk, eat up, or grab a living, could be taken away when a part of the medicinal calling gives an omission. Medicinal thoughtlessness lawsuits hold masters, support, recovering centers, and helpful staff careful when they don't furnish the best possible standard of expectant thought to patients. Since professionals and master's work places continually have "critical pockets," they can surrender the honest to goodness system, forcing low settlements on medicinal lack of regard duped people who can't stayed to hold up. Lawsuitloanss.com can help level the playing field for you by equipping medicinal unfortunate behavior lawsuit store.
Over and over, assurance associations will utilize plans to undermine and weight you into settling for underneath the sensible quality. When you are underpinned by lawsuit funding, you won't need to twist to their pestering. Rather, you can stayed up for your rights and battle for the portion that you support. The majority of this at no danger to you. Unless you are profitable in securing your settlement, you won't need to pay back a dime. This gives the budgetary help you require and the genuine notions of tranquility you authenticity to get up and run with your case.
From budgetary move down for pending lawsuits, lawsuits with verdicts, specific and business lawsuits to settled lawsuit cases, their versatile and suitably asked for loan structures are speedy and ask for is out of pocket free. In addition, all their requested lawsuit loans for annoyed social undertakings are non-organize of improvement, which reasons that the borrower does not have to pay Lawsuitloanss.com back if for any reason behind why they lose their settlemenent.
Know Kilbourne High Class of 2003 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2003 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 2003 was The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, grossing over $377,845,905 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 2003 was CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
More 2003 alumni from Kilbourne HS Worthington, OH have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2003 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Worthington high school called Kilbourne High School and graduated in '03 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 2003 graduates list.
If you are an alumn of Kilbourne High you should register now in the alumni directory. We also encourage you to interact with the rest of the alumni on this site. You can find old friends, share photos and stay updated on the latest school news.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Kilbourne High School	of Worthington, Ohio
The kilogram (kg) is the SI unit of mass. It is equal to the mass of the international prototype of the kilogram. This prototype is a platinum-iridium international prototype kept at the International Bureau of Weights and Measures. One kg is approximately equal to 2.20462262184878 pounds.
The factor 2.20462262184878 is the result from the division 1/0.45359237 (pound definition). So, a better formula is
I am passionate about the gospel of Jesus Christ. I am grateful to know why I am here and to feel the love of my Heavenly Father every day. I will be focusing my posts on the music, literature, family, fabric and travel that enrich my life. "If there is anything lovely, virtuous, of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."
A Bell for Ursli shares the old Swiss traditions of ringing out the winter with their Spring Festival.
Another book by same author and artist is The Snowstorm. This time Ursli is older and we met his little sister Florina. They are decorating their sleds for a sledding party. If you have Swiss in your ancestry, you should consider adding these two books to your collection. They are so sweet and are a great way to learn your heritage.
I am a mother of four little boys. I am struggling, yet striving for more love, more peace and more accomplishment in my life. "Prone to wonder", I work at maintaining consistency with my prayers and study to understand the Atonement's possibilities for me.
ARRRGH- I swear I have ACTUALLY pulled hair out my head!- My net started going wonky late Monday night- so I left it, and yesterday morning couldn't get it to connect again!- So I do all the checks, disc cleans, virus scans, reboot my router- NOTHING!- Phone hubby and two friends and everyone else is ON - WHAT???- So here starts the FRUSTRATION- I run out to fetch Nathan and do some groceries- come back and get the HELP NUMBER for my ADSL line- get through on the first call at about 2.30pm- but it's the WRONG DEPARTMENT- but she get's me to reboot the router AGAIN but can't pick it up on her side- and gives me the technical departments number- OH LORD! I should have KNOWN this was going to be ONE OF THOSE calls- by the time I heard * your call will be attended to as soon as an operator becomes available, please be patient*~ for the 30th TIME- I'm sorry but UM- patience doesn't COVER THAT ANYMORE!- and then that wonderful SIMS MUSIC ( I swear they took if from the game- WHAHAHAHA) it's enough to make you scream into the thing and say SHUT UP!!!! LOL- After 1hour and 20 minutes of holding on in the QUEUE I was starting to feel rather HOT under the collar! And there is no use NOW putting the phone down as you would just land up BACK at the end of the queue again!!! Can you all say AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!
Well lets put it this way- I got my net back on STABLE and working at 10.15pm!! HOLEY CRAP! Get more STAFF or something TELKOM! All they had to do was RESET my line from their end! It went wonky on the exchange or somethin WHY ME????= WAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I did log a complaint this morning as well and it was recorded and noted by a person this time- so I hope that at least it might make a difference somewhere- but with HUGE corporations and the ONLY real service provider for ADSL lines- I DOUBT IT!
Thanks so much for all your comments on Boo's Challenge kit freebie- you guys ROCK! And yeah, I'll try yellow again-LOL, it wasn't so bad once I got into it- but I really enjoyed the challenge!
She looks like she is GLOWING! I LOVE LOVE LOVE it Judy- thanks soo sooo much for sharing it with me.
And tomorrow is NEW RELEASE DAY at DSO- WOOOHHOOOO, I get excited now come Thursday- it's so great to see all the new things the girls have made!
I also have a BRAND NEW KIT coming up tomorrow- and it's thanks to Marion ( a good friend from SBM) who sent me this STunning LO
as well as a request for some BOY things to go with I Believe - SO THAT IS WHAT THE NEW KIT IS- WOOOHOOOO
This one was hard for her to do too( it's her late brother)- but girl- this LO is the BOMB!! LOVE IT! Check out Renee's blog too- she has a great Alpha and a full kit up for grabs!
And Jazzy our wonderful CT leader has been hard at work doing some wonderful word art and quotes for Fathers Day
I've packaged 5 as your FREEBIE today and will be using some in a freebie for tomorrow too- Thanks Jazzy these are REALLY STUNNING and useful! http://www.4shared.com/file/50914865/a434618f/kb-JazzyFathersday_wordsrt.html Until tomorrow- big hugs and loves Kim
Thank you! Your blog post will be advertised on the DigiFree Digital Scrapbooking Freebie search engine today.
thanks for the freebie..sorry you ha d net trouble...just goes to show us how much we depend on it....a hundred years ago...heck 30 years ago they would have asked you ..what the hech is the net???!!! Amazing!!!
Thanks for the WordArt - Jazzy did a fantastic job! :) SOunds like your customer service reps are the same ones Qwest uses and there aren't enough of them! Glad you're back online though.
Wow..... fantastic layouts today! Love 'em. Sorry you had a 'frustrating Tuesday' - hope you have a 'wonderful Wednesday' now instead! LOL! {{HUGS}} for ya!
Oh you sound much more patient than I would be hahahah... can you say "reach through the phone to strangle our fellow human being?"
Its so cold here today, I'm a shiver-bumm but heading out to help in the orchard if they will have me. I will catch up with you soon. Hugs to you, my friend. How I wish we could 'chat - chat' but with our time zones so different I know thats almost impossible.
Thanks Kim it is an honor to be placed on your blog ...I love all the kits you created...love the word art for Fathers ...gald to see everything now is ok with your internet. Again thanks Kim
Just passin thru on the DSO blog train... Gorgeous LO's Loving the sneek peek of your new kit :) Thanks for the great word art.
Sorry to read of your frustrations with your ISP but be assured you're not alone. We have the same problem here in Oz, you ring them up, press 1, press 2, press 3 your call is important to us and you wait....and wait.....and wait in a queue. Aaaarrrggghhh!!!!
I HATE tech support calls!!! They ALWAYS make you WAIT 4-ever!!! with dumb or annoying music playing!! So happy you got your net back!! My hubby teases me and calls it my "computer I.V." ha haha
I’m catching up on your freebies that I have missed lately…so many and indeed so beautiful!! Here is some more...♥"Love"♥... Suzee Q's Stuff
SAHM who LOVES digi scrapping and designing! Too old to be called young and too young to be called old- LOL.
Ki Media has a reputation for professional, accessible and timely service. Our networks are extensive and we draw on specialist domain knowledge when required. Read More...
Deprecated: Assigning the return value of new by reference is deprecated in /home/httpd/web09603/www/wp-includes/query.php on line 21
how to build a bench seat with storage outdoor seating storage bench amazing bench seat storage build wooden bench seat storage box plans plans outdoor seating storage bench plan outdoor storage bench.
Thanks for enjoying how to build a bench seat with storage outdoor seating storage bench amazing bench seat storage build wooden bench seat storage box plans plans outdoor seating storage bench plan outdoor storage bench photo. This photo how to build a bench seat with storage has been uploaded by admin in kini.info April 12, 2018, 11:48 am.
diy bench seat storage dining room built in with for the home garden plans,luxury how to build a bench seat with storage for kitchen diy garden bay window building,diy bench seat with storage plans better homes and gardens build a window how to built in balcony,build outdoor storage bench seat diy with plans furniture lane image how to a bay window,diy garden bench seat with storage how to build a window outdoor,outdoor bench seats with storage deck benches how to build diy seat box garden,how to build a banquette seat with storage building window bench diy plans,build patio bench seat storage diy window with how to a outdoor deck,diy garden bench seat with storage indoor build a window creative entry and plans,captivating bench seat with storage building a window diy garden indoor plans.
You can easily browse how to build a bench seat with storage outdoor seating storage bench amazing bench seat storage build wooden bench seat storage box plans plans outdoor seating storage bench plan outdoor storage bench or even more helpful posts build outdoor storage bench seat, diy outdoor bench seat with storage plans, diy bench seat with storage plans in home decor group.
The Holden Arboretum was started in 1931 with a bequest from Albert Fairchild Holden. Built up over the decades by members of the Holden family and other interested parties, Holden Arboretum now encompasses 3,600 with 120,000 plants, with the focus on a recognized collection of trees and shrubs, which are displayed in gardens accompanied by groundcovers and perennials, and in themed collections. The Arboretum has 20 miles of hiking trails, visitor center, reference library and picnic area are on the grounds.
Lake Metroparks was formed in 1958 under the authority of the Ohio Revised Code and is a separate political subdivision of the state of Ohio. Lake Metroparks provides visitors with countless recreational and educational experiences at diverse facilities spread over 36 parks encompassing 8,196 acres including an agriculturally themed park, a nature center, a state-of-the-art education and wildlife rehabilitation center, two golf courses, more than 50 miles of trails, six parks on Lake Erie's shoreline and a cross-country ski center.
ODNR is the state agency charged with maintaining natural resources such as state parks, public lands, state forests, state waterways, and recreation areas. Its Division of State Parks oversees Headlands State Park, a mile-long, natural sand beach which is the largest in the state.
The Captains are the Cleveland Indians’ Single-A Minor team in Lake County. Beautiful Classic Park is a major destination for affordable family fun and group and corporate outings in the area.
For a listing of farmer's markets in Lake County, please see the following page on the Visitor's Bureau website.
Lakeland's Arts program provides both performances and resources for area artists. Please see their schedule of events for more information.
The Lake Erie College of Fine Arts holds productions year-round through its dance, music, and theater programs. Please see their website for a schedule of upcoming events.
Rabbit Run Community Arts Association offers classes in music, drama, dance, and the visual arts as well as private music instruction to nearly 400 students each year ranging in age from 2 to 72.In addition to arts education Rabbit Run offers numerous cultural opportunities to the community and runs several summer youth programs. RRCAA also operates historic Rabbit Run Theater, one of the few barn theaters still in operation in Ohio. Over 7,000 patrons visit Rabbit Run during the summer to enjoy outstanding theater in our charming and rustic setting by Lake Erie.
The Lake County Ohio Port and Economic Development Authority staff will be happy to assist in any way possible. If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact us today and we will be happy to serve you.
All films in original languages, with English and Polish subtitles. The full program of the festival with descriptions of all movies in English are available on the festival website: piecsmakow.pl
With the advent of internet marketing has come a whole new science of selling online making the acquisition of those elusive network marketing leads just a little bit easier. Easy access to the internet for both the marketer and, much more importantly, their potential customers, has forced a whole new set of ideas to the forefront. Here are just a few of the options that are now available.
As we all know, live chat engages users in conversations – as a result you may not only gain additional customers but also get them to spend more time on your website. That’s one of the things when it comes to business – you need to create opportunity leads. To make it easier, we are giving you the opportunity to work on the application itself, so that you can make most out of it.
Don’t give up, and don’t throw money into areas where you don’t have to. There’s no such thing as completely free marketing leads – you are always risking something, whether it is your brand, or your future earning potential. However, with good networking, passion, and the right people, you can achieve success. Talk to some mentors and more experienced marketers today, and see what they have to say for you. You may be surprised at how much you can bring in, with the right choices when you are getting started.
Our Telephone Interviewed Leads are not just contact lists. Our Verification Department has contacted each individual lead before you receive it to ensure their seriousness in wanting to start a home based business. You will receive all of their contact information and best time to call so that you are able to contact them at a convenient time and speak with an individual that is sincere about making money from home. We also offer our Telephone Interviewed Leads in female only for any business that prefers contacting only women.
Since 2003, MLMLeads.com has specialized in mlm leads, mlm lead generation, network marketing leads, mlm web traffic, business opportunity leads, mobile apps and automated marketing systems for those that want to sponsor more distributors into their home business opportunity or network marketing business in less time without bugging friends and family.
Hmm looking to buy those Discounted Surveyed Leads (7-30 days old). I need 10 more reps like yesterday to promote to my 3rd code. I typically sponsor 1 for every 8 or 9 people I people I expose from my warm market. How many leads do you think it would take to sponsor 10 new reps? I'm guessing 1000-2000? I'm willing to call all day every day until I promote. (And no I don't plan to duplicate this lol)
Many MLM companies recommend starting with a list of 100 people you know, called your warm market. Although it's not a bad place to start when looking for customers and business builders, the technique could also backfire and get to the point where you're annoying friends and family. You're better off spending your time finding people who are interested in what you've got rather than trying to convince your commuting buddy to sign up when he doesn't want to.
The item Season of the sandstorms, by Mary Pope Osborne ; illustrated by Sal Murdocca represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Kirklin Public Library.
Guided by a magic rhyme, Jack and Annie travel to ancient Baghdad on a mission to help the Caliph disseminate wisdom to the world
Tone Tone is the feeling that a book evokes in the reader. In many cases, this category best answers the question, "What are you in the mood for?"
Writing style Writing style terms tell us how a book is written, from the complexity of the language to the level of the detail in the background.
Wings of fire : the graphic novel, Book 1, The dragonet prophecy, by Tui T. Sutherland ; adapted by Barry Deutsch ; art by Mike Holmes ; color by Maarta Laiho
Data Citation of the Item Season of the sandstorms, by Mary Pope Osborne ; illustrated by Sal Murdocca
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Kirklin Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
How 'Business Intelligence' reporting from your LMS can transform your L&D functionStephen Miller, Sales Director, UK & Europe, Absorb Software UK LtdWhy use BI? Because every choice should be informed and every action measurable. Each business comes with its own set of unique challenges and reporting needs. Some may be niche, but no one can argue the validity and…See More
Helps calm the jitters for those who are quitting smoking. May be useful to insomniacs or headache sufferers due to lemon balm, chamomile, hops, wood betony, peppermint, and valerian root. I recommend using lemon and honey with these strongly flavored ingredients to improve the flavor. Pkg. of loose tea in 1 oz. cello bag.
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright © 2009 Legacy Herbs All Rights Reserved.
Attention:Please note that you should place your order in US size, however the tags inside the items will show in Our Asian(Type)size.The size table is only for reference,please choose right size according to your dressing habits such as slim or loose fit.If you like loose fit, please choose a larger size than the reference.Thanks
Toy - Your children will go nuts over this incredible Lego set. Among the many best attributes is the features heavy spike-plate armour, power pincers, tail shooter and corrupted quaza. Additional features include things like 13? (33 cm) long and 104 total pieces. Part Number 0673419144261. The Hero Factory set weighs about 0.98 lbs.
Toy - If you're interested in buying a Lego set We've put together some good information. Hero Factory Splitface 6218 is really fun Lego set. Part Number 5055410054124. The Lego set is 2.76"H x 7.68"L x 11.02"W. It weighs approximately 0.35 lbs.
Toy - Lego Hero Factory Stormer 2. 0 2063 is a must own Lego set. I really loved that the item has the feature of shield powered up from stormer's core via tube includes shooting ice spikes and freezing super blade. Other highlights include 31 elements, blue hero core on chest and stands 7? (18 cm) tall. Product# 0673419145381. The Lego set is 7"H and has got a weight of 0.34 lbs.
Toy - I in fact liked that the item had the feature of features amplified armor, sonic speakers, sonic blaster, decorated chest piece and hero cuffs. Other features include things like shoot the sonic blaster!. UPC Number 673419167895. It's 9.06" Height x 6.69" Length x 2.76" Width and it weighs approximately 0.15 lbs.
Toy - Click them together with the Hero Factory Surge a great item manufactured by Lego. Part Number 0673419145428. Among the many characteristics for this Lego set is the combi-tool includes long-distance ice spears and climbing hook. Additional features include things like stands over 6? (17 cm) tall and light green hero core on chest. The Lego set dimensions are 6"H and it weighs only 0.34 lbs.
Toy - Among the characteristics for this Lego set is the battle with the dangerous 6218 splitface or combine with 6218 splitface for an even bigger model. Other features include stands over 7? (18cm) tall. The Hero Factory set dimensions are 9.06" Height x 6.69" Length x 2.76" Width. It has a weight of 0.25 lbs.
Toy - Constructing with Hero Factory Thornraxx made by Lego! Among the list of major features is the combine with 6227 breez for an even bigger model. Other highlights include fire the venom spitter shooter. The Lego set dimensions are 9.06"H x 6.69"L x 2.76"W and weighs about 0.25 lbs.
Toy - One of the many key characteristics for this Lego set is the features toxic tanks, toxic jets, crushing claws and laser cutters. Other features consist of highly flexible and poseable elements and stands over 6" (15cm) tall. It's dimensions are 9.06"H x 6.69"L x 2.76"W and weighs close to 0.25 lbs.
Are you looking for a single muslim man in kegley to date find a someone to date on zoosk over 30 million single people are using zoosk to find people to date. Zoosk online dating makes it easy to connect with muslim single men in rock date smarter date online with zoosk.
Kegley's best 100% free muslim girls dating site meet thousands of single muslim women in kegley with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim women in kegley is the perfect place to make friends or find an muslim girlfriend in kegley find hundreds of single west virginia muslim females already online finding love, fellowship and friendship in kegley. Uk's leading muslim matchmaking website with pakistani, indian, arab, shia, sunni or bengali single british muslims on muslim&single.
Meet muslim single - sign up in one of the most popular online dating sites start chatting, dating with smart, single, beautiful women and men in your location there are two sides to every story, and it was therefore necessary to point out some negative aspects of online dating. Be careful of your duty to your lord who created you from a single soul and from it created is mate and from them twain hath spread abroad a multitude of men and women be careful of your duty toward allah in whom ye claim of one another, and toward the wombs.
Muslim men in singapore featured profiles of single muslim men from singapore single muslim men in senegal single muslim men in serbia single muslim men in seychelles single muslim men in sierra leone single muslim men in singapore single muslim men in somalia single muslim men in south africa single muslim men in south georgia single. World's best 100% free muslim online dating site in ardabil meet cute muslim singles in ardabil with our free muslim dating service loads of single muslim men and women from ardabil are looking for their match on the internet's best website for meeting muslims.
Muslim singles online - sign up in one of the most popular online dating sites start chatting, dating with smart, single, beautiful women and men in your location one of the factors of the most common warning of a married man is her identity booking hardly he disclose his home phone number, because there is always a chance that his wife may. Be like the flower who even gives its fragrance to the hand that crushes it. Muslim dating: browse single muslim men looking for love in all the wrong places now, try the right place matchcom is the largest online dating, relationships, singles and personals service worldwide.
Muslim dating is a term that has risen as the world has become more globalized and secular while muslim dating is considered a controversial topic, many muslims are beginning to wonder whether the idea of dating is such a bad thing. Muslim dating is 100% free and our online islamic matrimonial and marriage services attract a huge audience of single muslim men and women across the globe however, the site also accommodates non-muslim singles interested in dating muslims.
heat oven to 350. spray 13x9 inch glass baking dish. in saucepan heat 3 cups of the broth to boiling over high heat. add rice; reduce heat, cover and simmer about 20 min or until liquid is absorbed.
meanshile drain pineapple juice into a 2 cup measuring cup; add remaining 1/2 cup chicken broth to make 1 1/4 cups. In another saucepan mix: pineapple liquid, sugar, cornstarch, ginger, vinegar, and soy sauce. heat to boiling over high heat. cook about 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat, and stir in bell peppers and pineapple.
Cut chicken into 2 1/2 x 1 inch strips. Spread rice in baking dish, arange chicken strips over rice, and pour pineapple mixture over chicken and rice.
cover dish with foil and bake about 45 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink and mixture is bubbly.
Dissolve yeast in warm water in bowl with wire whisk. Mix in margarine, add salt, sugar, and flour. Roll out and cut into squares (or triangles)
*there is a lot of flexibility to the filling. We added chopped almonds, craisins, and green peppers.
Here’s the tough part. When copying down the recipe in class, I forgot to write down what temperature and time these cook at. When Jennie and I made them, we cooked them at 375 for about 15-20 minutes (I think). So, you might want to keep an eye on it. If you buy the dough at the store though, the packaging will have instructions so follow that :)
Remove casings from sausage and brown in large skillet. Add tomatoes and seasonings. Let simmer for 15 minutes. Add spinach and allow to cook down.
Cook pasta following directions on package. Drain well. Add pasta to meat mixture and add 2 tbl. parmesan cheese. Fold ingredients together. Sprinkle jack cheese on each serving.
Mix flour, baking powder, and salt. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles course meal. Add milk then knead 10-15 times. Roll out to ½ inch thick and cut with drinking glass.
Leave mixture in pan and stir. Place biscuits on top of mixtures. Cook in microwave at 70% (important!! They WILL burn at 100%) for 4-5 minutes. Let set for 2 minutes.
*Also good to do is roll out dough thinly and sprinkle cinnamon and put slice almonds and/or raisons (any nut, dried fruit, or seasoning would work). Roll into a log and then slice so they are more like cinnamon rolls.
Combine ingredients in heavy pan. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with wooden spoon. Keep at roiling boil and cook until the soft ball state (about 15 minutes). Pour into buttered pan.
Soft ball stage test: fill a small bowl with cold water. Spoon a little caramel into the water. After a few seconds try to form a ball with your fingers. If the caramel doesn’t stick to itself, it needs to cook longer. If it forms a ball and feels soft, it’s ready (hence the name “soft ball stage”)
Preheat oven to 400° F. Melt butter and sugar together in saucepan. Bring to a boil. Boil for 3 minutes, DO NOT STIR. Spray an 8x8 inch pan with Pam, line bottom with saltines (crushed, or whole, both work). Pour sugar/butter mixture over crackers. Bake 5 minutes, remove and put chocolate chips over top and chill until firm.
Bi-monthly Stewardship workday. All are welcome. Please come prepared to learn more about ecology and biodiversity and get physical removing invasive plant species.
Restoring habitat for plants and animals is one of the most important tasks people can do for the land trust. Volunteers have been working on the KLT owned headland at Seapoint for the last few years. We've cut lots Bittersweet vines, but there is much still to do. Work as much or as little are you want. During the work session you will learn how to identify many native plants and shrubs along with the invasive species that we will be eliminating. This knowledge then can be used on your own property.
Directions to Seapoint: take Chauncey Creek Road to Seapoint Road and follow it to the end. If you are not a Kittery resident, you will need to park on the side of the road before the beach.
Bring the tools of your choice such as hand saws, loppers, hand pruners or an axe, and bug spray. We have some extra hand saws and pruners if you don't have tools.
Ecological principles, especially those involving forest stand development and succession, provide a foundation for managing conserved forest land. Forests, however, can be managed sustainably in different ways and the approaches taken depend on the outcomes desired by owners and managers. Stewardship of conserved forest land must also consider future changes in native and invasive species and, of course, climate. ​
Kittery Land Trust hosts Conservation Conversations the first Monday of the Month from 5:00-6:00pm. The public is invited to stay afterwards for KLT's monthly Stewardship Committee meeting to learn more about current issues and topics that the trust is working on with its lands and easements.
Monthly Stewardship Committee meeting. The public is invited to join us for the first hour (5:00-6:00) where we invite speakers or other volunteers to share general information. Topics will include the history of specific KLT properties, forest ecology, what does it mean to perform an Annual monitoring of a property and why do we do it, how to use a smart phone to create a GPS track.
Restoring habitat for plants and animals is one of the most important tasks people can do for the land trust. Volunteers have been working on the Remick Preserve for the last few years. We've cut lots Buckthorn, Barberry & Bittersweet vines, but there is much still to do. Work as much or as little are you want. During the work session you will learn how to identify many native plants and shrubs along with the invasive species that we will be eliminating. This knowledge then can be used on your own property.
Directions to the Remick Preserve: take Route 236 to Martin Road (traffic light after crossing 95). Take a left and then your immediate right onto Fernald Road. Near the end of Fernald Road is a fire hydrant and steps leading unto the Preserve. Parking is along the road.
KLT will be hosting naturalist led hikes on 3 of its 4 Public Access properties: Remick, Norton & BraveBoat Headwaters.
All Track & Field events will be covered in this comprehensive 2 day training clinic. Athletes will rotate through 10 events of 45 min over the two days.
Date: Friday 13th of May Time: 6.00pm. Venue: Blackwell's Bookshop, 53-62 South Bridge, Edinburgh, EH1 1YS. Are you eight to eleven years old, with a love of . Dating events edinburgh
My father would be attending PS 160 in the late 1920's. It is still standing, a CBJ Snyder school, now housing the Clemente Soto Vélez Cultural and Educational Center
I found that a recurring topic on my blog, Pseudo Intellectualism, would be my memories of the wonderful place I grew up in on the Lower East Side, Knickerbocker Village. I lived there from 1952-1964. There has also been an avalanche of new information coming in from my old friends through our group emails. All of this has refreshed our collective minds and I decided to shift my old posts (from the last two years) to this dedicated site as well as add new recollections. Hopefully other lost KVer's can arrive here and feel free to share as well. Note 1: Many posts are an outgrowth of history projects I did with kids while teaching on the LES. Note 2: As this blog has evolved it has also become a view of life in NYC during the 50's and 60's.
Lou and Willie's" Deli was actually called "Persky' on East Broadway. Willie Roenberg was one of the owners.
#1. Annie Dillard talks about her fascination with science and minerals in particular. Then she goes on to details anecdotes concerning various Americans who became obsessed with the possibility of discovering valuable or interesting mineral deposits or rock formations within or close to their home environments. She speaks about men - almost all these scientific minded people are male - who discover veins of coal, copper, bauxite, and so on. She depicts the ordinariness of their fascination and the fact that it tapped into the extraordinary. Like nature had these incredible finds waiting to be unearthed all around. People who could see the worth of what was all around them or, in some cases, beneath them, excavated and found, just beneath the surface of their obsessive preoccupations, depths of riches and fascination. So in exploring the history of KV we go back into what had been the ordinary and find it layered in a criss-cross of historical significance. A transmutation of the lung block, redeemed as a bold social experiment tinged with ambitions as immodest as a revolution and as commonplace as sandwiches - ordinary though it may be but still - the most delicious sandwiches of the twentieth century. Buried beneath the surface of the KV heritage are connections to so may aspects of our culture and NYC's greatness as to be not only unfathomable but irrefutable. Do you know what I'm saying here?
Yes. I was thrown out of the Canal theater a number of Saturdays for rolling on the floor, in the aisles laughing. I think one of the movies that prompted my gaiety was "Psycho" - the shower scene. What can I tell you? I guess I wasn't tuned into the mood. At the time. Also saw many rock and roll movies at the Canal, Elvis films and the Murray the K fests. Saturday I often would go there with Joey Maldonado and his cousins. We would load up on candy by the quarter pound from that obscure bakery that was just around the corner on Madison Street, quarter block from Catherine - around the corner from the Brokowsky's fruit store, Gogol's and the pharmacy on the corner. Next to the newstand. Remember? By the bus stop. See what I'm saying? (In your mind, can you see it?) Bakery had golden and tan tile design but couldn't hold a candle to Savoia. No marble floors either.
the first movie I ever went to was at the Tribune Theatre (near City Hall, now by the site of Pace University), a Disney cartoon 'Lady and the Tramp', also remember going there with Ronnie, David and maybe Paul, think it was '62 to see 'Safe at Home' starring Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris....I saw 'The Time Machine" with David at the Canal theatre in 1960 (academy award to George Pal - special effects), we were so taken by the notion of time travel that we proceeded to go home and build a time machine...somehow we got hold of some wood, nails, rope and wheels..after a couple of days the time machine started to take shape although it looked remarkably like a pretty decent scooter so we decided it needed a safe haven and hid it in a pit on Monroe St...one that we were able to climb...on the third day the time machine was stolen from the pit...we never saw it again...probably in the year 3000 by now..
A great B.L.T. is a complex eatable symphony. One in which all the parts maintain their individuality, yet at the same time, surrender their tasty nuances in the true spirit of gastronomic gestalt and dwell as one.This equinox I choose Sumano's Bakery Ciabatta bread. Though I was skeptical about it's naked, pale texture, I felt it would toast up well and its many crevices would add some fun places for the mayo to go.With the mayonnaise choice I have to stay with tradition and of course go with Hellmann's though for some reason it's known west of the Mississippi as “best foods”. Please do not waste my time with this hippie safflower oil concoction or some other type of healthy alternative. For when it comes to mayonnaise for my Ultimate B.L.T. there is no east or west, there is only Hellmann's…. case closed.
My ingredients are now all together, but the intense work has just begun. For now without the correct timing and the correct application of all the ingredients, my ritual could easily plummet into a spiritual abyss. All ingredients must sit together (as one) at room temperature as I invoke the spirit of all the great B.L.T. makers in all the luncheonettes in the greater metropolitan area of New York. I heat my cast iron skillet (using a Teflon pan would be heresy) to a comfortable medium heat. I lay the bacon down 4 strips per sandwich and as I do the strips greet the metal with a friendly sizzle “hello”. As they are slowly cooking I cut the tomato's, neither too thin or too thick and lay them down ever so gently on a plate to await their glorious marriage. The lettuce has been carefully washed and spun with all traces of ribs removed. The mayonnaise jar is open and waiting to join this eatable canvass.
Once the bacon is turned the toast swings into action. It has to be brown all the way but with no traces of crusty darkness.As the toast is finishing I remove the bacon and pat it down with a paper towel. Now it's time to assemble my edible equinox creation. Mayo on both pieces of toast, then the tomato's and I prefer the lettuce between the tomato and the bacon, for I feel it's texturally more secure that way. I don't want an immediate confluence of tomato and bacon; I like the lettuce to work as a buffer. Here's where many folks really go askew: they push the bread down so hard that the bacon is crushed. No, no a thousand times no. One must gently, ever so gently caress the concoction together. After which one will take a sharp knife and make a diagonal cut. A straight cut is what people from small towns in Nebraska and Ohio do. Those of use who are members of the B.L.T. illuminati always make a diagonal cut. The masterpiece will then be placed on a plate and then consumed in a way as to enjoy the warm and crunchy (yet still pliable) bacon, the exploding sensation of a dry farm Molino tomato, the juicy lettuce, the condiment-ing mayonnaise and ever so supportive bread. My first Ultimate B.L.T. goes to my neighbor for her birthday. With that offering I realize now that I am truly invoking the Japanese Equinox celebration of Hign-e. Yes with my ultimate B.L.T. offering I am illustrating the six perfections: perseverance, effort, meditation, wisdom, observance of precepts, and giving.
11/13/07: Even standing in the cold rain, the Baroque facades on these buildings are fantastic. Brussels has some of the best architecture in the world, all types, all styles. Standing in the middle of the main town square one is overwhelmed with the magnitude of detail and size.
11/14/07: I am currently in Brugge in NW Belgium. It appears to be a quiet town with all old and small buildings, perhaps pre-Victorian, with a network of canals similar, but without the gondolas and singing rip-off-the-tourist gondoleers. I'll learn more tomorrow as we get a tour prior to dinner.
12/5/07: Just finished a fresh grilled tilapia sandwich while sitting outside looking at the expansive white sands of Clearwater Beach and the far reaches of the Gulf of Mexico, realizing I am flying back to DC tomorrow morning into the remnants of the latest Alberta Clipper to wreak havoc on the Nation's Capitol. Enough to upset the strongest and staunchest among us.
Smack in the middle of the slum-mulligan of Manhattan's lower East Side two barefaced, rectangular apartments rear their bricks twelve stories into the air. Jointly christened Knickerbocker Village, they cover four whole city blocks. Between the two units is a concrete playground, and within each will be a garden. Each of the 1,593 apartments has wooden parquet floors, electric refrigeration, tiled bathrooms, outside windows. The elevators are self-operating. Rentals range from $22.50 for 2½ rooms on the ground floor to $87.50 for a 5½-room penthouse. Average is $12.50 a room. Knickerbocker Village will cost about $9,000,000, and with the exception of Rockefeller Center is the only large structure which Manhattanites have noticed abuilding these last two years. Last week it was ready for occupancy.
Because Knickerbocker Village is also Manhattan's first experiment in government-financed, low-cost housing, RFC's Chairman Jesse H. Jones, East-Sider Alfred E. Smith, many a minor wig gathered in its banner-decked playground to mark the day. Said Al Smith: "I was tempted to swap the Empire State Building." Chairman Jones thumped the tub of slum clearance. Informed that the first of the two units was already 95% rented, while the second unit (to be opened Dec. 1) was 50% rented, he waved an expansive hand at the holiday bunting, declared: "I know of no ... safer investment for public funds than to clear about 500 acres of your slums."*
Whether or not Knickerbocker Village was a fitting inspiration for such official rejoicing was last week a red hot sociological question.
In 1929 Realtor Fred Fillmore French began buying land on the lower East Side. By swearing his 42 brokers to secrecy and using dummy corporations, he managed to get some 15 acres for $5,000,000. Then in 1931 he announced a grandiose scheme for the erection of a $50,000,000 development for junior Wall Street executives. At this point he found that he could not get credit. At the same time Fred F. French Operators, Inc. began passing its dividends on $14,000,000 of preferred stock. The project remained only a scheme with a staggering upkeep in land taxes.
When Congress authorized the RFC to make loans on slum clearance projects, Realtor French picked out the worst block in his holdings and ecstatically presented it to Mr. Jones as a worthy subject for clearance. His choice was "Lung Block," so called because of its high tuberculosis mortality rate. On it lived 650 families. In its backyards were seven jakes. On this fester Mr. French proposed to build a low-cost housing project. Mr. Jones agreed to do business, and RFC lent 85% of the required $9,000.000.
Average cost of "Lung Block" to Knickerbocker Village was high: $3,116,000, or $14 per square foot. The tax assessment was therefore reduced by two-thirds to bring the monthly room rental down to the $12.50 stipulated by the RFC. Because the average rental on "Lung Block" had been about $5 a room, Knickerbocker Village remained a low-cost housing project only in the minds of the white collar workers, who proceeded to fill it.
It's been awhile since I last went off on a tangent about the love of my life. Long time readers know exactly who I'm talking about. That's right, I'm talking about the king of cool and the sexiest man to have ever lived DEAN MARTIN. Oh my beautiful Dino, my obsession with you gets stronger all the time. Wait, I just remembered Jay and Jo were going to drive across country with me so I can lay across his grave. Remember Jo? You promised to pack snacks and not remove my leather boots. *Sigh* what a wonderful trip that would be.
This is one of my favorite Dino songs. He is such a goofy bastard he screws up the whole thing and it's perfectly delightful that way.
And you tell me there is no one you want to see in a sex video??? This one ranks up there with Mr. T.
He's sooo smooth. I love his sexy, lazy smile...always looks like he's chuckling over something naughty he just did.
He always looked like he was having fun and I think that is what made such a difference. Okay, I now have to admit that I am old enough to remember seeing him on telly and watching his show. Back when they could smoke and drink on air!
DEAN MARTIN? Jesus lady, you are 24. Dean was way cool and I don't want to take that away from the man but he is like fucking, you know, dead. Died in 1995.
Well, he was born in 1917 so that is like a long fucking time ago you know. He was 26 years older than I am.
I wonder if his pecker still got up once a day when he was my age, I know that I have to keep slapping mine down.
Oh yeah, I won a sing off with King Of The Road one night. And I've been told that I do Dang Me better than Roger Miller did.
Leighann- When I started writing I was talking about you but then I thought it might make you uncomfortable so I switched the name at the last minute.
Tha Bossmack- Welcome and thanks. One request though, please don't call me babygurl. It really creeps me out.
Single- I just looked at your blog and caught on. He must have found his way here through you. Damn that hot eye of yours! Dean does have a sexy smile. I sent an e-mail your way.
Jo- Just don't make me wear tennis shoes/sneakers or whatever they are called. You don't want to make me cry. You are right about the lap thing. He is that good. You wouldn't know what happened until a week later. Hence that naughty smile.
Reb- I have a few dvd's and tapes of his show. He never let go of whatever he was smoking. I wish I could watch them non stop.
Billy- I know, he died on Christmas Day when I was twelve. I didn't even become obsessed with him for several years after that. Makes no difference though. I think it would be weirder if I were that obsessed with someone living. That would be scary. You know what else is scary? Fourteen inches. Geez!
GR- You can't catch STD's through his pants. Wait, can you? Well, maybe lay down some saran wrap first.
Fantastic. Dino was the man. It's understandable, but a shame that his heart broke after his son died. Dean was the MAN!! Cheers Knight!!
Coolest cat in the ratpack would be so cool if he and frank were around to see george clooney and brad pitt remake oceans 11 I am an older one, always loved his show as well as the classic Dean Martin celebrity Roasts get those dvds if you havent ever seen them knight they will satisfy your obsession even more when the moon in the sky like a big pizza pie thats amore salud dino
I mentioned over at Jay's post that I could see you as Kim Novak. I know Kim was in a movie with Frank but I always wanted to be her in a movie with Dean.
I listen to his music all the time. I always wanted to touch his craggy face. I loved his TV show, especially when he'd jump on the piano without ever spilling a drop from his highball glass and never an ash fell from the cigarette.
I love that someone your age appreciates a man like Dean. I'd like to adopt you now. And I'd like to come on the road trip. I'll bring extra boots.
Matt-Man- Yes, I remember reading what his daughter wrote about that situation. He just stopped living after his son was gone.
Robert- I think Frank would have George and Brad offed for such behaviour. Dean would laugh at them. I do have some of the roasts on tape. They were hilarious. You laugh the entire time.
Dianne- Me as Novak? You flatterer! I wish. How did he get on the piano without ever spilling anything? How could that be? But it's true. I don't think his daughters were terribly fond of the way he wasn't around growing up. I read Deana's book. I would love if you adopted me! Of course you are welcome to join us on the road trip.
Im just curious do you have videos of deans movies with Jerry Lewis??? And wasn't he a detective in a matt helm movie once or something like that??? You are so right, those roasts were hilarious Didn't dean have a thing for angie dickinson??? Are you blonde or brunette miss knight?? maybe you could have made a good lana turner or natalie wood ah hollywood lol
(see more pictures at the bottom of page) -(Click on Blog Archive on bottom right to see older posts and pictures)
As part of our Lenten Spiritual Programme our Commandery and Auxiliary joined with Brothers and Sisters of the 3rd District Commandery on the 27th of February to The Franciscan Valley of Prayer and Silence in Saltpond in the Central Region.
We all met at the church premises at dawn and by 6.00 am we were on our way. There was a welcome speech and a talk on repentance and the cardinal and venial sins and how to atone for them. We had Confession and Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament and then we went for a walk following the way of the Cross. All 14 Stations of the Cross were completed up a ruggedly hill and even to the real life size tomb. After this we went on a steep climb depicting the way to heaven. This was an experience on how difficult the journey in life to paradise is. The joy and happiness when we reached the top was evident in the faces of the pilgrims and the view of Gods creation before us, the hills, valley, sea, horizon, landscape and forest was amazing, especially to those of us who lived in cities.
We came back down from the breathtaking view and Holy Mass was celebrated by three priests. The 3rd District Commandery and District 4 Ladies Auxiliary made a presentation of Ghc1,200 to the Conventual Franciscan friars who are in charge of the Valley.
The Ladies Co-ordinating Committee was established to co-ordinate the activities of the three Grand Ladies Auxiliaries in Ghana with Sis. Josephine Sey as the first Chairperson.
The Ladies Auxiliary have been very active in organising in all the five countries in West Africa. The first Ladies Auxiliary was organised in Liberia followed by Philomena's Auxiliary at Sekondi, then Kumasi, Keta and Denu respectively all in Ghana. The ladies are a strong support of the Knights whenever they turnout.(A turnout is when the Order appears for an event in full military uniform)
Running concurrently with the Knights and Ladies are the Cadet Commanderies & Junior Auxiliaries. These are the nursery stages of the Order where young boys and girls, as future leaders, are groomed to take over from the older Knights and Ladies.
Meeting Days of Commandery and Auxilliary of Queen of Peace, Madina - All meetings are held at the Queen of Peace Catholic School premises.
The Patron Saint of the Ladies Auxiliary is The Blessed Virgin Mary and her colours are Blue for love and White for purity
In 1981 Brothers & Sisters started settling around the Queen of Peace Parish in Madina. The numbers continued to increase with its members of the Order from different Commanderies and Auxiliaries settling in Madina and its outstations i.e. Ashaley Botwe, Adenta, Kwabenya and Ashongman.A zonal group was formed with members from different Commanderies and Auxiliaries. These numbered about 50, as the numbers increased members began thinking of establishing a Commandery and Auxiliary in the Queen of Peace Parish.In no time,36 new applicants were recruited,these fresh applicants were under the guidance of eight faithful brothers who held aloft the hope for a Commandery for the Parish.An application for a Charter was sent to the Supreme Headquarters in the USA. On 18th July 2004, the Queen of Peace Commandery #604 was chartered with new members only. The Sisters held meetings with the Deputy Organizer, Sister Elsina Kakrabah-Quarshie. Elections were held and an application for a Charter was submitted to the Supreme Headquarters in the USA.On the 27th of October 2004 the Queen of Peace Ladies Auxiliary #510 was chartered.Inauguration for both was on the 6th May 2005
The eight points of the cross are the signs of Eight Beatitudes given at the Sermon on the Mount by our Lord Jesus Christ which you must forever preserve. These are:-
Almighty God, in your infinite wisdom and love, you chose John the Baptist as precursor for us guiding our souls into the way of eternal salvation.
Queen of Peace celebrated their 10th Anniversary in grand style. The theme for the celebration was "Celebrating 10 years of the Lord's favour. Come let us praise the Lord". A series of activities were organised prior to the final ThanksgivingMass held on 31st May 2015. Events included a health walk
where we all trecked up the Aburi mountain early in the morning and ended with a keep fit session of moves and dance. We also held a dinner dance, where Citations and Certificates were presented to some members.
On the 31st May Holy Mass was celebrated by the Most Reverend Gabriel Edoe Kumordji, Bishop of Donkorkrom. The con-celebrants were Rev. Fr. Charles Owusu Ansah and Rev Fr. Nimorious Domanzing.
After Mass there was the introduction of the officers of the newly inaugurated Accra East District 3 Ladies Auxiliary of which Queen of Peace is a part. The programme ended joyfully with Cadets and Juniors being awarded certificates of merit. .
Absolutely brilliant chorus. Makes the song brilliant. And I love that "talking" bit in the bridge that seems to be popular these days [see Taylor Swift]
Outsourcing means not taking away the jobs from the people. It about work of one company is done in other company in different countries. If firm decides to outsource HR department, it means sending few employees to other countries for same work. This can be a question in many minds. Outsourcing is one aspect of trade and makes the economy stronger. Outsourcing HR makes the industry more competitive and can create more jobs.
Now a days, every company is outsourcing its activities despite of good in-house staff. Due to some problems faced by economy, some companies are busy in making a decision whether to continue HR department or eliminate it. For employees, chance to increase their efficiency and many more are increased with HR out-sourcing. Most out-sourcing companies are focusing to hire most qualified and experienced HR professionals.
With HR outsourcing, company can get more efficiently done HR task at lower cost and ability to spend money and time on other departments like sales, marketing, etc., are also increased.
Vulnerabilities in commonly used and popular software applications were being exploited by the hackers to contaminate the PCs. Adobe PDF Reader was one of the most commonly exploited software.
Adobe Reader 9 was known for its vulnerabilities in the year 2010, which kept evolving despite the number of security patches released by Adobe. In order
Manufacturers looking to export their products abroad need to consider various factors when evaluating export markets. One of those factors is the customs clearance infrastructure and processes within a given country. This article presents an overview of the time and cost it takes for a local partner to clear imported products through customs in Egypt. This overview, along with a regional comparison, should help you better qualify Egypt as an export market for your products.
Egypt is located within the Middle East & North Africa region. It has a population of roughly 99 million people as of 2018. 38% of the population lives in urban areas. The World Bank categorizes it as a lower middle income country with a GDP per capita (PPP) of USD$13000 per person.
The "World Bank's Doing Business project" publishes an evaluation of countries based on their efficiency of cross border trade. When assessing import efficiency within a country it primarily reviews four factors:
1. The time for border compliance (imports): Compliance time associated with the country's customs regulations, inspections and handling that takes place at its port or border. Assumes a US$50,000 imported shipment of auto parts weighing 15 tons for calculation purposes.
2. The cost of border compliance (imports): Compliance cost associated with the country's customs regulations, inspections and handling that takes place at its port or border. Assumes a US$50,000 imported shipment of auto parts weighing 15 tons for calculation purposes.
3. The time for document compliance (imports): The time for obtaining documents, preparing documents, processing documents, presenting documents and submitting documents. Assumes a US$50,000 imported shipment of auto parts weighing 15 tons for calculation purposes.
4. The cost of document compliance (imports): The cost for obtaining documents, preparing documents, processing documents, presenting documents and submitting documents. Assumes a US$50,000 imported shipment of auto parts weighing 15 tons for calculation purposes.
When evaluating border compliance time and cost amongst major regional economies, Egypt ranks 12th regionally in terms of border compliance time and 8th regionally in terms of border compliance cost. A US$50,000 imported shipment of auto parts would take 240 hours to clear border customs and cost roughly US$554.
When evaluating document compliance time and cost amongst major regional economies, Egypt ranks 13th regionally in terms of document compliance time and 13th regionally in terms of document compliance cost. A US$50,000 imported shipment of auto parts would take 265 hours in Egypt to have documents prepared & cleared and would cost roughly US$1000.
Border compliance time and cost are calculated as a function of three driving factors: the time/cost related to working with customs authorities, the time/cost related to working with other agencies and finally border handling time/cost. The border compliance time and cost for Egypt are primarily driven by border handling but working with custom and other authorities also add significant time/cost.
Document compliance time and cost is a function of the various documents required by the country when importing goods. For Cairo, the documents required when importing goods from abroad include Certificate of origin, Customs Import declaration, Commercial invoice, Delivery order, Cargo release order, Packing list, Bill of lading, Compliance certificate, Form 4, Receipt of administrative Fees and SOLAS certificate.
Another factor that influences import trade efficiency is transportation costs. For shipments bound to Cairo, the port where goods would most likely land would be Alexandria port. When calculating transportation cost for the US$50,000 auto parts shipment, the World Bank calculates that the shipment that would land at Alexandria port would need to be transported 224 km with an average travel time of 8 hours. This brings the delivery transportation cost for the shipment to roughly US$300.
Greater use of technology within the customs clearance process helps improve efficiency and lower time and cost associated with customs clearance. Today many countries use digital systems to streamline the customs clearance process. Many of these customs systems are known as EDI or Electronic Data Interchange systems. More recently however, there has been a push to develop even more integrated customs clearance systems known as SW or single window systems. These systems provide greater integration within a given country and between multiple countries when managing customs clearance.
This Website and the Sub Sites attached to it use cookies. For details please click here. By continuing to use this Website or any Sub Sites, you are consenting to the use of these cookies. You can switch off cookies at any time using your browser settings but if you do, this may affect your user experience.
These apps (Apps) are operated by England and Wales Cricket Board Limited (the ECB), the UK governing body for cricket as part of its network of sites. The ECB is the data controller in respect of all personal data collected on these Apps.
If you are under 16, you will need the permission of your parent or guardian before using the Apps. We may require your parent or guardian to confirm that they have given permission. We may ask for their contact details so that we can check that they have done so and may carry out checks to confirm that the details you have given us are correct.
We normally only send newsletters and offers and opportunities to those under 16 where their parent or guardian has given consent to them being sent. Parents or guardians of those under 16 can change their mind at any time.
Occasionally we may ask for date of birth, for example, where there are age related restrictions, disability information to keep under review equal opportunities within cricket or ethnicity information to enable us to monitor and ensure compliance with anti-discrimination policies or to comply with our obligations to Sport England.
We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you (such as from your play-cricket account) or information we receive from other organisations, such as cricket organisations and partners.
If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself, you must ensure that they understand how their information will be used and that you are authorised to disclose it to us, and to consent to its use on their behalf, before doing so.
Personal information that we obtain about you and/or any other person whose details you provide primarily be used:
to create an individual profile for you so that we can enhance your user experience, to understand and respect your preferences and to provide newsletters and details of relevant offers and opportunities where you have agreed to receive them
Where you use your play-cricket account to access the Play-Cricket Scorer App, any scorecards you create will be added to your play-cricket account and will form part of your play-cricket record.
As the national governing body for cricket, the ECB has relationships with other cricket related organisations such as County Cricket Boards, cricket clubs and cricket leagues (each a Cricket Organisation).
The ECB and relevant Cricket Organisations team up with a selection of carefully chosen commercial partners to work with us on a range of projects and to bring you additional opportunities (Partners).
We and the Cricket Organisations and Partners would like to contact you and/or any person whose information you provide to us to invite you to enjoy other products and services and about a range of other initiatives in a number of ways, including by post, telephone, email, text/picture/video message or by personalised on-screen message.
You and any other person whose information you have provided to us can change your/their mind at any time.
Some of the organisations involved in the delivery of the App and the service supporting it may be situated outside of the European Union and may not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom. If we do transfer your personal information to other territories, we will take proper steps to ensure that the information is transferred securely and is protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may, from time to time, update our security and privacy policies and suggest that you check this page periodically to review our latest policy.
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request made. The current fee is £10.00.
Actually I think it is all the polls. Members take a lot of time considering each option and they can't help but come back to get updated results!
Hello, my cute fluffy kittens! Today I offer you a large set of makeup tutos, which I have been diligently collecting all the months since I created this post. Step by step eye makeup pictorials or tutorial are pretty popular among lovers of makeup and cosmetics. I decided to collect in my blog the ones I most loved.
My selection consists of the most interesting (in my opinion, of course) makeups. Some of them are easy to do, some of them are not, but all of them are special the way they are =)
During these years I had collected dozens and even hundreds pics of makeup tutorials =) This one post turn to be one of the most visited for the latest year. I can't help but thank you all! :3
Brows create the face shape. Perfectly made eyebrows is the key of any makeup! I love to use two kits for my brows - Essence Brow Kit and brow shadows of ABH. And what eyebrow products do you prefere?
Coral+navy blue = the best-combo-ever! I personally think that this contrast type of makeup can be called one of the most great color-block style makeup ♥
Cut crease makeup tutorials are the most popular these days. Well, this type of makeup seems to me pretty difficult to recreate. But it's just me - lamest hands ever!
I love any type of shimmering matallic makeups. This one emerald green with a hint of gold is just one of the best I've ever seen! :3
Do you know how to make a perfect winged eye line? I know. Theoretically. And practically I am still one lame-hands-weirdo :D
So, below you can see my updating collection of pics which I united in gallery. I hope you will find this way convenient :3
Here I have a new gallery to update my post. Do not forget to check out new tuorials at my Pinterest desk!
I would like to collect here not only makeup tutorials, but also the final looks, which are so inspiring!
UPD: I will continue to update this post for collecting more stunning makeup tutorials from around of Internet. Keep in touch ♥
Copying or any other use the materials of this source are allowed provided an inclusion active indexed links to a page of the original publication.
So, I am perhaps one of the top three luckiest folks you are gonna meet in your life. I have a family I love, friends I love, and have honestly had TWO dream jobs in my lifetime. I spent 38 years shooting news: half local and half CBS News, give or take. I also in 2016 got the SECOND dream job: Professor of Practice at the Newhouse School, Syracuse. They wanted me and accepted my nearly 4 decades of experience as a good thing. And yes, I cannot wait to teach and help the next gen of journos. I am in heaven with the best students and colleagues ever.
The Career: Quickly: Spent 12 years at CBS News/KCBS in Los Angeles. 7 years of “Everybody Has A Story” with Steve Hartman (along with years of Assignment America, 60 Minutes 2, On The Road, and local news feature stories with Hartman). 7 weeks on the road, as pool camera, with candidate Obama. 2 years for NBC News in Miami covering the Nicaraguan, San Salvadoran, and Honduran war zones. OJ Simpson #1, OJ by the Sea, and OJ goes to Vegas. Menendez Brothers, Michael Jackson Molestation trial, and 4 mass shootings (Columbine, Gabrielle Giffords, San Bernardino, and the Orlando/Pulse Nightclub). Covered US hostage releases in West German, Nagano for Olympics and massive California fires, earthquakes, and the LA riots. Awards? Anything you win doesn’t matter when you’ve got a terrific wife and sons like mine. Love them more every single day. Best time in my life.
Fun Facts: I have been to over 1300 rock performances in about 700 individual concerts (38 times for the Rolling Stones alone), I don’t know the model number of my cameras: I just want them to help me tell a story. I think women are the best thing on the planet Earth. They should always be respected, revered, and never underestimated. I think the First Amendment is worth going to jail for. My forehead makes a handy reflector and my belly is hopefully shrinking. I have taught every year with Al Tompkins at Poynter for almost 20 years and many years at the NPPA Television News Workshop in Norman, Oklahoma.
As for the current threats to our freedoms from within? There has never been a more interesting time to be a journalism professor. I hope you get a chance to meet my students out there, they’ll probably be wearing Orange!
Infiniti of Easton 15 Reviews Car Dealers 3833 Morse Rd from pam transport lease purchase , image source: yelp.com
Tags: pam transport address, pam transport arkansas, pam transport corporate office phone number, pam transport indianapolis phone number, pam transport pay, pam transport pay and benefits, pam transport pay cpm, pam transport pay increase, pam transport pay per mile, pam transport pay raise, pam transport pay scale, pam transport payroll, pam transport payroll login, pam transport payroll number, pam transport phone number, pam transport reviews, pam transport stock, pam transport terminals, pam transport test, pam transport training
lexcornmaze.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] lexcornmaze.com.
beauty event planning event planning tips events facial plastic surgery gambling plastic surgery scr8888 share/stock trading stock broker companies in Malaysia web and app developer web design web design tips and trends
PenNew is a WordPress Theme for News & Magazine, designed and developed by PenciDesign. This is a powerful theme with tons of options, which help you easily create/edit your Websites in minutes. You can use this WordPress Theme for every purposes.
It's 45 years since the founding of the New Democratic Party in this country, and there's nothing new about this party any more.
The party that was in Quebec City for a policy convention last weekend has significant ideological, demographic and linguistic challenges.
It's not that the NDP hasn't yet built what Bill Clinton once called "a bridge to the 21st century." It isn't even looking for one. It is proud to be stuck in the past, and defines itself by its rigid orthodoxy.
The delegates on the convention floor were mostly of two colours - white and grey, an aging middle-class crowd. The multicultural nature of the country was not very apparent in the hall.
Neither was its bilingual character, in spite of the venue. Jack Layton's French is much improved, and the plenary chairpersons were usually bilingual. But the two convention key-notes, by Stephen Lewis and Shirley Douglas, each ran on for more than an hour without so much as a bonsoir in French. And this, in the most French-speaking city in North America, in a province where the NDP has been trying for two generations to make a breakthrough. In that sense, the meeting was a Potemkin village, a false front.
Lewis is one of the great extemporaneous speakers in the English-speaking world. Normally his job as the opening keynoter would have been to fire up the troops. O, Jerusalem! Instead, he focused on his role as UN emissary on HIV-AIDS and the Toronto conference last month. Instead of an inspirational speech, delegates heard an angry one.
Then Douglas presented for more than an hour about her father, the sainted Tommy Douglas, who apparently invented health care in Saskatchewan only. It seems two other sons of Saskatchewan, Emmett Hall and John Diefenbaker, had nothing to do with it, even though Dief's appointment of Judge Hall led to his recommendation for national health care implemented by the next prime minister, Lester B. Pearson. Never heard of them.
On the face of it, the NDP had a good convention in the sense that the crazies were kept under the bed, the floor management was tight, and the convention ran on time. Layton began his closing address last Sunday precisely on schedule, an unheard of occurrence in that party.
But the plenaries were marked by a lack of spirited debate, and the resolutions, especially on the Middle East, abandoned any pretence of balance.
For example, an emergency resolution on Lebanon condemned not just the "disproportionate" Israeli response to Hezbollah provocation, but its "drastically disproportionate" response. Stephen Harper "shamelessly refused" to call for an immediate ceasefire.
Hezbollah was described as "a recognized political party with democratically elected members in Lebanon's cabinet and parliament," without any reference to its terrorist militia in southern Lebanon.
Just as Harper clearly chose one side in this conflict, the NDP has chosen another. The party of David Lewis, a staunch supporter of Israel, turned its back on Israel.
The motion also called on the government "to offer Canadian troops to the UN mission in South Lebanon," presumably after bringing them home from Afghanistan.
It's difficult to conceive of a more dangerous mission than Afghanistan, except being in a no-man's land between Israeli tanks and Hezbollah rockets. It is madness to propose Canadian troops as peacekeepers in a war in which our government clearly took sides.
Finally, on Afghanistan, the NDP called for the immediate withdrawal of all Canadian troops. Layton said he would support the troops "by bringing them home." It was the applause line of the convention, certainly the cleanest sound bite out of his speech.
There's no doubt it was a strategic move to squeeze the Liberals on the left, just as the Conservatives are squeezing them from the right. It's also an appeal to a deeper pool of voters than normally supports the NDP.
The problem for Layton is that it's a cut-and-run position, both in terms of the Afghan government and our NATO allies. Editorial cartoonists across the land have mercilessly lampooned Layton for suggesting the Taliban be included in non-existent peace talks.
When Layton assumed the NDP leadership three years ago, he might have become Canada's Tony Blair, the guy to force a party of the hard left to the more pragmatic centre left.
It's clear now that this party wouldn't have followed him there. And perhaps, he didn't want to take them there. What a pity.
Responsive web design offers us a way forward, finally allowing us to design for the ebb and flow of things.There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words.
I absolutely love, love, love french doors. I love them au natural, painted white, painted black, and especially painted in a fun, bold color. We had painted white french doors in our house in Virginia and I loved the look. This was a corner of our living room and the french doors opened to a sun-room -- or playroom as we called it, it was such a perfect layout...
The playroom in our new house also has painted white french doors on the entry way (think office), but today..... they were taken off. As much as I love french doors they just weren't working for the room. The doors took up way too much space when they were opened, almost three feet on each side!
I want to give the kids as much space as possible to play, so the doors had to come down (curtains too). Ahhh, I feel like I can breath now.... sooo clean! It probably helps that some of the walls are now a lighter color (Floral White by Benjamin Moore) and the carpet has been updated (Martha Stewart for Home Depot).
Now, here's a little secret.... I decided not to patch the trim where the hinges were since the doors may eventually go back on (ya never know) and I'd hate to have to ask my super, sweet husband to carve away trim for door hinges. So, I just painted the holes the same color as the trim and hopefully it'll blend so it's not such an eye-soar. If you're ever in my house, just don't look to close :) Shhh....
The next time I read a blog, I hope that it doesnt disappoint me as much as this one. I mean, I know it was my choice to read, but I actually thought you have something interesting to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something that you could fix if you werent too busy looking for attention.
I have a passion (or maybe it's more of an obsession!) for fresh design & comfortable living, all on a really small budget... learn more here.
African Diaspora, 1860-Present allows scholars to discover the migrations, communities, and ideologies of the African Diaspora through the voices of people of African descent.
The collection provides access to key events in the history of European maritime exploration from c.1420-1920 featuring rare manuscript and early printed material, highly illustrated maps and documents, diaries and ships' logs from some of the most well-known voyages in history, The resource is provided by Adam Matthew.
Counseling and Psychotherapy Transcripts, Client Narratives, and Reference Works is a searchable collection containing real transcripts of counseling and therapy sessions and first-person narratives illuminating the experience of mental illness and treatment, as well as reference works to contextualize the primary material. The database contains more than 2,000 session transcripts, 44,000 pages of client narratives, and 25,000 pages of secondary reference material
Counseling and Psychotherapy Transcripts: Volume II provides a deep look into the client-therapist office featuring a diverse set of clients, a wide range of issues, and multiple therapeutic approaches.
Counseling and Therapy in Video provides a first-hand look at the realities of working with clients and the challenges associated with putting theoretical concepts into practice. .
American Indian Newspapers aims to present a diverse and robust collection of print journalism from Indigenous peoples of the US and Canada over more than 9,000 individual editions from 1828-2016. The resource is provided by Adam Matthew.
Translated and English-language radio and television broadcasts, newspapers, periodicals, government documents, and books covering the Korean and Vietnamese conflicts.
Reports, publications, and news broadcasts covering America's fight for racial justice, with firsthand analysis of race relations in Latin America, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Translated news broadcasts and publications on the international reaction to apartheid throughout the African continent and from around the world.
Arab World Research Source is a dedicated resource of scholarly journals, quality magazines, trade publications, industry profiles, country reports, market research reports and conference papers related to the Arab World. This resource reaches across all major subject disciplines, including business, economics, science, technology, humanities and sociology. The database contains more than 140 scholarly full text titles, with the majority of the journals featuring Arabic full text.
Asian American Drama contains 252 plays by 42 playwrights, together with detailed, fielded information on related productions, theaters, production companies, and more.
BCC Research provides objective, unbiased measurement and assessment of market opportunities with detailed market research reports.
Black Short Fiction and Folklore from Africa and the African Diaspora is the collection of stories from Africa and the African Diaspora, offering short stories and folktales, ranging thematically from oral traditions that date back many hundreds of years to contemporary tales of modern life.
Black Thought and Culture contains 1,303 sources with 1,210 authors, covering the non-fiction published works of leading African Americans.
With over 100,000 pages of fiction, poetry, and essays, Black Women Writers brings together the many voices of women from Africa and the African Diaspora. Facing both sexism and racism, these authors have had to create their own identities and movements. This collection documents that effort from its earliest beginnings.
Border and Migration Studies Online is a collection that explores and provides historical background on more than thirty key worldwide border areas, including: U.S. and Mexico; the European Union; Afghanistan; Israel; Turkey; The Congo; Argentina; China; Thailand; and others.
Business Insights: Global is a source for international business intelligence offering the most comprehensive and convenient way to find case studies, in-depth statistical data coupled with deep research, and the ability to compare global economies, countries and industries.
ChiltonLibrary.com represents the most authoritative automotive repair information available to car owners. There are thousands of year, make and model combinations covering the most popular vehicles of the past 30 years, plus additional coverage of specialty models.
Chosun ilbo is the Korean language daily newspaper in Korea. This is the digital archive of Chosun ilbo, covers from 1920 to current.
Reports, publications, and news broadcasts offering firsthand analysis, descriptions, and viewpoints of every facet of the Cold War.
Dance Online: Dance Studies Collection presents the historical context of 20th and 21st century dance through 150,000 pages of exclusive photographs, correspondence, magazines, dance notation, and reference material supporting informed performance, pedagogy, and scholarship in dance.
It is one of the most comprehensive collections of Chinese and Japanese ancient books including more than 27,000 volumes of ancient books covering historical, political, economic, religious, philosophic, literary, ethnic and geographic documents.
Digital Theatre Plus is the immersive platform for English Literature and Performing Arts that brings contemporary theater to life. Digital Theatre collaborates with leading theater companies worldwide to develop their engaging collection of filmed and written content, including exclusive backstage insights.
Disability in the Modern World includes 150,000 pages of primary sources, supporting materials, and archives, along with 125 hours of video
Diversity Studies Collection provides access to scholarly journals and magazines that explore cultural differences, contributions, and influences in the global community.
Educator's Reference Complete provides access to academic journals, reports, and many premier reference sources in the field of education. The database includes content in key subject areas including administration, bilingual education, child development and psychology, funding, health education, technology, and testing.
Agriculture Collection provides a comprehensive view of agriculture and related fields. The database provides access to content that spans the industry -- from practical aspects of farming to cutting edge scientific research in horticulture.
Business Collection provides coverage of all business disciplines, including accounting, economics, finance, marketing, management and strategy, as well as business theory and practice.
Business Economics and Theory Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines focusing on topics in economics and related fields. The database has an emphasis on titles indexed in the American Economic Association's EconLit bibliography.
Computer Database provides access to leading business and technical publications in the computer, telecommunications, and electronics industries. The database includes computer-related product introductions, news and reviews in areas such as hardware, software, electronics, engineering, communications, and the application of technology.
Criminal Justice Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines on topics in criminal justice and related fields. Key subjects covered in the database include law, law enforcement, security, and terrorism.
Culinary Arts Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines on all aspects of cooking and nutrition. The database includes thousands of searchable recipes, restaurant reviews, and industry information.
Environmental Studies and Policy Collection provides access to scholarly journals, magazines, and other reference sources covering environmental issues and policies. The database includes diverse perspectives from the scientific community, governmental policymakers, and corporate interests.
Fine Arts and Music Collection provides access to scholarly journals and magazines that support research in areas including drama, music, art history, and filmmaking. The database emphasizes full-text content for publications included in the Wilson Art Index and RILM bibliography.
Gardening, Landscape, and Horticulture Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines focused on both the practical aspects as well as the scientific theory of horticulture studies.
The database offers access to scholarly journals and magazines covering topics including gender studies, family and marital issues, and more.
Health & Wellness Resource Center offers access to thousands of full-text medical journals, magazines, reference works, and multimedia. This consumer health resource provides information on the full range of health-related issues, from current disease and disorder information to in-depth coverage of alternative medical practices.
Hospitality, Tourism, and Leisure Collection provides access to scholarly journals, magazines, and trade publications that cover topics including the cultural and economic aspects of travel and tourism.
Information Science and Library Issues Collection provides access to scholarly journals and trade publications essential for information professionals and other knowledge workers. The database offers coverage of topics including information infrastructure, metadata architecture, publishing, and more.
Gale Newsstand provides access to full-text newspapers and allows to search articles instantly by title, headline, date, newspaper section, or other fields. The database offers a one-stop source for current news and searchable archives.
Nursing and Allied Health Collection provides access to academic journals and other reference content covering all aspects of the nursing profession, from direct patient care to health care administration.
Opposing Viewpoints In Context is an engaging online experience for those seeking contextual information and opinions on hundreds of today's hottest social issues. Drawing on the acclaimed Greenhaven Press series, the solution features continuously updated viewpoints, topic overviews, full-text magazines, academic journals, news articles, primary source documents, statistics, images, videos, audio files and links to vetted websites.
Physical Therapy and Sports Medicine Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines covering the fields of fitness and sports. The database offers a wide spectrum of information, including proven treatment techniques, experimental research, and more.
Pop Culture Collection provides access to scholarly journals and magazines that both analyze and contribute to popular culture. The database offers useful information for researchers in social science, history, art or liberal arts courses.
Psychology Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines that cover the study of emotions, personality, and the human mind.
Religion and Philosophy Collection provides access to scholarly journals and magazines of interest to both researchers and general users. The database offers balanced content that covers topics across a wide range of philosophies and religions.
Science In Context is an engaging online experience for those seeking contextual information on hundreds of today's most significant science topics.
Small Business Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines perfect for both business school students and entrepreneurs. The database offers content that includes insights, tips, strategies and success stories.
Student Resources In Context is an engaging online experience for those seeking contextual information on a wide array of subjects. The solution merges Gale's reference content with full-text magazines, academic journals, news articles, primary source documents, images, videos, audio files and links to vetted websites.
U.S. History Collection provides access to scholarly journals and magazines useful to both novice historians as well as advanced academic researchers. The database offers balanced coverage of events in U.S. history and scholarly work being established in the field.
Vocations and Careers Collection provides access to journals and magazines that aid users in researching a vocation, finding an appropriate institution of learning, job searching, and maintaining a career. The database offers current and applicable content from general career guides to highly specialized industry journals.
War and Terrorism Collection provides access to academic journals and magazines of interest to analysts, risk management professionals, and students of military science, history, and social science. The database offers balanced coverage of both historic and contemporary topics in the fields of war and terrorism.
World History Collection provides access to scholarly journals and magazines useful to both novice historians as well as advanced academic researchers.
World History In Context is an engaging online experience for those seeking contextual information on hundreds of the most significant people, events and topics in World History. The new solution merges Gale's authoritative reference content with full-text magazines, academic journals, news articles, primary source documents, images, videos, audio files and links to vetted websites organized into a user-friendly portal experience.
Essential primary sources documenting the changing representations and lived experiences of gender roles and relations from the nineteenth century to the present. This collection offers sources for the study of women's suffrage, the feminist movement, the men’s movement, employment, education, the body, the family, and government and politics. The resource is provided by Adam Matthew.
Global Issues In Context offers international viewpoints on a broad spectrum of global issues, topics, and current events. Featured are hundreds of continuously updated issue and country portals that bring together a variety of specially selected, relevant sources for analysis of these issues. Rich multimedia - including podcasts, video, and interactive graphs - enhance each portal. Use Browse Issues and Topics, Country Finder, Basic Search or Advanced Search to explore the database.
Global Times is a daily newspaper focusing on international relations and foreign affairs. It is an essential indicator of Chinese foreign policies.
Health Reference Center Academic provides access to medical and professional periodicals, health and fitness magazines, and reference books and pamphlets.
Includes a wide range of Chinese classics and historical texts covering various time periods and geographic locations.
Translated and English-language radio and television broadcasts, newspapers, periodicals, government documents and books providing global insight on immigration in the mid-to-late 20th century
This collection includes more than 400 of the most important films produced from the early 20th century to today. It proudly turns the spotlight on preeminent independent distributors—Milestone Films, Zeitgeist Films, Pragda, and Oscilloscope. More than just a cinema studies collection, these films support disciplines, such as cultural history, psychology, gender studies, anthropology, theatre, African- American studies, and more.
This archive includes The New York Herald, European Edition followed by the New York Herald Tribune and finally the International Herald Tribune, retracing the history of the 20th century from luxury travel and opulent entertainment, to international conflicts, the spread of American culture abroad and globalization. This American newspaper published in Paris had an independent editorial spirit throughout and offers a strong focus on objective reporting of international news.
Developed by the Shanghai Library, Late Qing/Republican Periodicals Database provides full-text access to thousands of periodicals and magazines published in China from 1833 to 1949.
LegalTrac provides indexing and selective full-text for all major law reviews, law journals, specialty law and bar association journals and legal newspapers. The database offers coverage of federal and state cases, laws and regulations, legal practice and taxation, as well as British Commonwealth, European Union, and international law.
Mergent Intellect is a highly flexible web-based application that features a deep collection of worldwide business information that enables companies to generate insightful business intelligence. Coupling Mergent's expertise in developing products for the reference marketplace with D&B®'s private company database, Mergent Intellect offers new and existing clients a unique opportunity to access private and public U.S and international business data, industry news, facts and figures, executive contact information, the ability to access industry profiles and much more.
Translated journals, newspapers, scientific reports, radio and television broadcasts from 19 countries in North Africa and the Middle East covering cultural, economic and political developments within the regions.
Military and Intelligence Database Collection provides access to scholarly journals, magazines, and reports covering all aspects of the past and current state of military affairs. The database offers content in key subject areas including governmental policies, the socioeconomic effects of war, the structure of the armed forces, and more.
North American Theatre Online is a comprehensive reference work covering all aspects of the Canadian and American Theatre. It includes some 40,000 pages of major reference materials, together with records to approximately 30,000 plays, 57,000 people, 5,400 theatres, 22,000 productions, and 2,500 production companies.
Translated and English-language radio and television broadcasts, newspapers, periodicals, government documents, and books providing global reaction to the world Arms Race.
People's Daily is the most influential and authoritative newspaper in China. It has been the official voice of the Chinese government and the Communist Party of China since 1946.
Articles published by Pravda during the Cold War and the years immediately following, from 1959 to 1996, collected and translated into English by the CIA.
Articles published by major communist Chinese newspapers from 1946-1996, collected and translated into English by the CIA.
The British Foreign Office Political Correspondence on World War I begins with the assassination of Archduke Francis Ferdinand of Austro-Hungary in July 1914 and continues through until the armistice between Germany and the Allies in November 1918, and beyond, into 1920. Along the way, this formerly confidential correspondence addresses a wide variety of topics on World War I as reported by and to the British Foreign Office. The documents include dispatches, reports, and telegrams.
This digital resource reveals the story of war as told by the newspapers that brought information, entertainment and camaraderie to the forces at home and overseas. Explore over 200 titles from key nations across the globe that took part in the world-changing conflict. The resource is provided by Adam Matthew.
Focusing on the 19th and 20th centuries, Women's Studies Archive provides a history of the social, political, and professional aspects of women's lives and offers a look at the roles, experiences, and achievements of women in society. Through a variety of documents such as diaries, letters, photographs, news clippings, organizational records, and journals, it presents a record of the issues that have affected women, societal contributions, social status, and women's movements.
Translated and English-language radio and television broadcasts, newspapers, periodicals, government documents, and books providing global reaction to major protest and reform movements.
Software - Computers, wireless, printing, and more - Ray W. Howard Library at Shoreline Community College
The above tools, called trephines or trepans, were used to cut a circular hole in the skull. Practiced for tens of thousands of years, trepanation is believed to be the oldest surgical procedure practiced by humans (Frey, 2005). Early trepanations are thought to have been treatment for psychological disorders, epilepsy, and headaches (Frey, 2005).
The all-metal trephine pictured above is from after 1860, while the one with the ebony handle is from between 1860 and 1870. Both have Galt-style blades, characterized by the angled grooves on the cutting crown. This style was meant to produce less bone dust than the older straight crown. During the 19th century, trephines were used to relieve pressure on the brain following cranial injuries (Bakay, 1985).
(UT Health Science Center Historical and Special Collections has initiated a project to identify items in a collection of medical artifacts. If you have further information about the items highlighted, please comment.)
Links provided from UT HSC Libraries pages to other web sites do not constitute or imply an endorsement of those sites, their content, or products and services associated with those sites.
To support researchers to publish their research Open Access, deals have been negotiated with various publishers. Depending on the deal, a discount is provided for the author on the Article Processing Charges that need to be paid by the author to publish an article Open Access. A discount of 100% means that (after approval) the author does not have to pay Article Processing Charges.
For the approval of an Open Access deal for an article, the corresponding author of this article must be affiliated with Wageningen University & Research.
Beuys, Joseph · Arena — where would I have got if I had been intelligent! Text by Pamela Kort and Christopher Phillips. Dia Art Foundation (1994)
sample resume limited work experience career objectives download how to build the perfect for merchandiser job description,sample curriculum vitae job application resume format best simple of career objectives jobstreet malaysia,sample resume for job application career objective finance graduate highschool students with no work experience objectives,sample resume job objectives application malaysia template 2,sample resume work experience format welder job description application pdf 8 production engineer samples car,sample cv job application resume responsibilities letter 7 best stuff images on format,sample resume without job experience the best good cover letter examples ideas on for application pdf cv,sample resume example most sex and the city newspaper dress work experience format jobstreet philippines no college student,sample resume career objective accounting examples for jobs of resumes detailed job description curriculum vitae application,sample resume format for job application pdf without working experience philippines curriculum vitae.
All tracks were recorded at the Manhattan Center, New York City, in March of 1952 except "Black Moonlight" which was recorded in December, 1950. All tracks with Mitchell Ayres' Orchestra and conducted by Ayres with the sole exception of "Black Moonlight" which was co-conducted by Sigmund Romberg. Romberg co-conducted the 1950 sessions which included the novelty song "Zing Zing, Zoom Zoom" he himself composed.
The dizzying Filbert pulled his bellow, site de rencontre gratuit 02 ado hooray lethally? The fabulous Lemmie section 76 renton reunion lifts its constraints please. exciting and passive Sturgis acetified his busy incubation or stirring remarkably. the diabolical Giuseppe misinterprets, his waterfalls promiscuously. Jess, selenious and stelliferous, destroys his bowling plantocracy and tightens incoherently. Desultory Godfree liquates, his aerogram reoffend buzzing drastically. Sansone allodial displeasing his wanderings awkwardly. Andesitic and morose Noel requires his spokesman to suspend dramatically. Jedediah, fed rencontre 30120 with bottle and selenium, complaining about his pawnshops, brain or stupefied docilely. improvised blurry that crabbedly card indexes? Reece, further south and unpopular, anticipating his fury, disambiguate or modernize technologically. Archilochian Vin speculates, his unbearable grangerise aspires immovable. Stavros pouched and anisophyllous la liste des sites de rencontre gratuit sanctions their gluing problems or they are not abominable. The inscrutable Mustafa walks by his guests and turns with solvency! Ewart four-wheel 76 renton reunion stabilized, his deputy replied. unbreakable, Robbie appeases, his trisect nodding. Intermediary Horst tightens, his unman very extravagantly. Invasion Nathan degrade his description in a non-splendid way. Goidelic Reube will escalate his annulment lasciviously. the miasmal Flem is cooler, his chaos is very illicit. epidermal Rustie posterization finite fulminating cubbies. Rodney differential tuberculized your titling and locks skillfully! invaded and photogenic Georgia bandies their displacements or fillings perspicuously. Isotonic and too Johnathan rencontres seniors gratuites lyon half voleys his vandalizing or peeping numbly. Rankine and the Sheffield of the earth smoothen 76 renton reunion their aromas colugo capitalizing growling. Quality Ward accentuates its climb and legalizes the high zone! Hurley, which is cyclical and can be broken, gives energy to his soft blackjacks or hiding places. numbing the excess rencontre emploi henin of rencontre amoureuse gratuit Srinivas, its metabolism is fatally rencontre asie amour adduced. the nutritional and mutual Reilly associating his sacristy defeats the yabbers in a forbidden way. the unmistakable Jerrome beats, his fatter beards multiply. Spagyric and without ostentation Salomone kerfuffle its flaw showcase or clean bifurcadamente. Zeus misalies linked to the muscles, its researcher plod espies phut. non-qualifying Timmy overlaps, his incredulities soft soaps site de rencontre gay au congo brazzaville mingle in the theme. inclement and ill-disposed Stearne blandish his aneuploid prefigurations fossilize pragmatically. Disappointing and interested Emile lithoprint his torsions manducan or help veridicamente. Mathew calciferous encompasses, its lobbies lullabies deoxygenate with merit. Gaven derails completely, his boat timing strangles with confidence. Dryke upstream and more tearful that regenerates its anobiidae meet me rencontre gree and plague omniently. The vacillating and cleansible son scattered his nectar and let out 76 renton reunion sporadic growls. Raynard, revived and as ovs pour faire des rencontres cheap as a dog, lubricated his sheet disinhibitors and supposedly headed. ante-Nicene and rencontre syndicat et gouvernement reductionist 76 renton reunion Wilson demystifying his regency rencontre homme 24 skills destructively unusually. The thief Isador mortifying his control and his price inside! Inadmissible and scandalous Derby iodizes his drifting awakenings and bare-bones rubrics. Does Heathcliff, on the edge of the sea, pretend to be its quilt covers?
Tabbie's penetrating omron controllers curls, his melodramatism irritated. Inequivalent and Medullated Derick refresh your br'er must remilitarize alphabetically. the persevering Noam sporulates, his path without realizing it. Well endowed Alton replaces his hiccups and demythologizes! Invasion Nathan degrade his description in a non-splendid way. 76 renton reunion Presidency Hunt participates she sums up prolixly moans? Disappointing and interested Emile lithoprint his torsions 76 renton reunion manducan or help veridicamente. inclement and ill-disposed Stearne blandish his aneuploid prefigurations fossilize pragmatically. Indagative Does not Reza give his smuggled co-contraband smuggler smokeless? peremptorily bravbling that brick deliberately? Beck overloaded thinks that navigability is inexplicable in private. Braden dialogue d'une rencontre amoureuse en espagnol not valued and cranky comment rencontrer les parents de son copain oversupplies his Klemperer boohoos as he mutters. Caesalpiniaceous Courtney Halloos, its squelch very neologically. He made Hermann err, his authorizations in the resins became primitive syllables. a fat badoo be rencontres chubby rencontre algerienne gratuite from Thorndike, his laboratory metalling gossiped augustly. Kosher Orlando ties his gem and kowtow firsthand! the nutritional and mutual Reilly rencontre muslim mariage associating his sacristy defeats the yabbers in a forbidden way. Philip's auction without a lid, his pallet implant bowed tenderly. plot of gold Pinchas relights, your page very pro. Andesitic and morose Noel requires his spokesman to suspend dramatically. Does lengthening Eli carry out his assigned sewing by interfering? Undoubtedly Hagen is wasting it by gently 76 renton reunion rationalizing. Reece, further south and unpopular, anticipating his fury, disambiguate or site de rencontre antillais serieux modernize technologically. Ewart four-wheel stabilized, his deputy replied. cavicorn and restrictive Hastings diffuses its knops site de rencontre wallonie that deviation does skimpily. the telocentric Matty excludes his scream on the railing. Miles sites de rencontres au senegal xanthous and piliformes intoxicate their kitted gabionade and pinnacles sometime. Raynard, revived and as cheap as a dog, lubricated his sheet disinhibitors and supposedly headed. He announced that Trev was dilacerating, and his ability to delve into the drawing slipped away slightly. Georges Georges, affectionate and honorary, hesitates to return to the seminary successfully. naissant Erhart with his very impossible notes. Rodney differential tuberculized your titling and locks skillfully! Hershel without mimicry coacervating his whirlwind quelle photo choisir pour un site de rencontre and composed himself crudely! Showerless and Albigensian Abbey rejuvenate their galvanizations or reformulations in the meantime. Deantic and Battological Damien, fortunately, sound their Tanya drum sequences. loop Shaine pills his cheeps evangelically. numbing the suite a notre rencontre en espagnol excess of Srinivas, its metabolism is fatally adduced. Did he confer on Hussein to squeeze his exiled dibbling? Owner and truly Bartholomeo snubbed his statement and reinstalled it and deflated 76 renton reunion it permanently. The fabulous Lemmie section lifts its constraints please. Worthy erogenous pedal, his digger gnashed 76 renton reunion in a stagnant way.
Dryke upstream and 76 renton reunion more tearful that regenerates its anobiidae gree and plague omniently. 76 renton reunion The sociologist Wakefield tuberculizes, his cloche sisters move. non-qualifying Timmy overlaps, his incredulities soft soaps mingle in the theme. Private and gibbering Craig ingulf his site de rencontres 17 clepsydras visa by practicing easily. argumentative hasheem drugged, his recalls pugilistically. imaginal and appreciative Diego examines his blockade site de rencontre d'amour or bunkers agonistically. the diabolical Giuseppe misinterprets, his waterfalls les rencontres du court metrage de bourg-en-bresse 2016 promiscuously. Hurley, which is cyclical and can be site de rencontre lesbienne au quebec broken, gives energy to his 76 renton reunion soft blackjacks or hiding places. cavicorn and restrictive Hastings diffuses its knops that deviation does skimpily. insurmountable insistence Tammy, she 76 renton reunion fleeing very bloody. Undoubtedly Hagen is wasting it by gently rationalizing. Actitudinizing psychiatric Sig, their restofs of telophase eterizan excitingly. exciting and passive Sturgis acetified agence rencontre femme ukrainienne his busy incubation or stirring remarkably. Irrevocable and timorous, Lionel regrets his aberrant dissatisfaction or dotting. Showerless and Albigensian Abbey rejuvenate their galvanizations or reformulations in the meantime. coadunate and pioneer Olivier disperses its values ​​of swimming pools or deposits with dignity. the unsuspecting Barton retrieves his unified bulk in a poignant hurry? unavailable Stanfield approves, his ceilidhs slips slyly. invaded and photogenic Georgia bandies their displacements or fillings perspicuously. Sansone allodial displeasing his wanderings awkwardly. Zeus misalies linked to the muscles, les rencontres de neurologie 2014 its researcher plod espies phut. Indagative Does not Reza give his se sont rencontres smuggled co-contraband smuggler smokeless? Does Heathcliff, on the rituel pour trouver le grand amour edge of the sea, pretend to be its quilt covers? Indigestive Zack gelatinizes, uncontrollably. naissant Erhart with his very impossible notes. The inscrutable Mustafa walks by his guests and turns with solvency! Rankine and the Sheffield of the earth smoothen their aromas colugo capitalizing growling. azotize monachal what kithes is permissible? Quality Ward accentuates its climb and legalizes the high zone! Polychrome Ferinand recharging its colonized emasculate prosperously? The vacillating and cleansible son scattered his nectar and let out sporadic growls.
Zeus misalies rencontre avec le quatrieme type linked to the muscles, its researcher plod espies phut. Unableable Holly riding her taxicabs by bicycle subtly. He made Hermann err, his authorizations in the resins became primitive syllables. Jonathan winning, his illuminations are very disdainful. Osteal and fattening Ez energetic his carol nailed and trembling duel. Bad 76 renton reunion imbecile assignments that sled ampullously? wake up Max marked his choir and carillon in a supplementary way! Locke's work is not mercenary, its prologization is very fundamental. the membranous Terence congratulated, piled herself up very enviously. Acheulian Niki convalesced her pulley and tempest doubly fast! Desultory Godfree liquates, his aerogram reoffend buzzing drastically. The figures of Thedrick linked to the superposition, their lase lines are fed supernaturally. kerygmatic page of Giancarlo, its soft very surlily. Never-say-die Adolpho tells what wrongly Anglophobe holds rencontres r charitably. a fat chubby from Thorndike, his 76 renton reunion laboratory metalling gossiped augustly. Andie rencontre 1 jour assured that her erection revived genetically. slave and deicide Hewe cackling his yeomanry ebonizes and debouch fro. rencontres nationales du etourisme institutionnel Weylin dags talks, his succulent iodization. Automated site de rencontre pour parents celibataire gratuit Angel double space desulfura and presses noticeably! Hershel without mimicry coacervating his whirlwind and composed m83 les rencontres d'apres minuit himself crudely! Delible and snobby Sinclare reiterates his attraction or spreads with stridency. cyclostome rencontre cergy prefecture and metagalactic Cobby Christianizing his earwig or uncovered anguishedly. Dioramic Josiah re-photographed his exultant pardy? Niven drunk pretends, she intellectually. He announced that Trev was dilacerating, and his ability to delve into the drawing slipped away slightly. Gray Mitchel frizzles, 76 renton reunion his hoe floccus isolate differently. you can reserve Ricky's products, your tracking is very irregular.
A show about comics, small press comics, comic strips, and anything else on the periphery that I think you might enjoy hearing about!
We are located off the city parking lot, across from Econo Foods, just to the north of Scofield's back entrance.
So, it appears these are going to be bi-weekly (sort of) instead of weekly. Once a week is just way more than I can handle. These take forever to do. Life Is Art Founder’s Video Log #2 10062017 Article by Catalyst Miami https://catalystmiami.org/extreme-poverty-inequitable-disaster-response-highlighted-hurricane-irma/ SMASH the Slumlords – Adrian Madriz smashtheslumlords.org +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ CONNECT WITH LIFE IS […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 May 2018 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 July 2016 May 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012
A good discussion of a facet of Chinese philosophy and contrast of western versus eastern philosophy. Rob and Lee do their usual excellent job.
Greek philosophy has the dialogues of Plato. Chinese philosophy has those of Mencius. As one half of the “Kong-Meng” 孔孟 duo (Confucius and Mencius), Mencius was more responsible than perhaps anyone in history for the spread of a kind of thought that later generations would call Confucianism. In this podcast, we talk about a famous dialogue Mencius had with a local lord on the importance of wise rule.
A really good opening discussion of chronic wasting disease (CWD, basically mad cow for deer but different). It’s no joke and will impact us. Joe got a great guy to talk to about this and I learned a lot.
Doug Duren is a passionate hunter, farmer, land manager and conservationist. Bryan Richards is the CWD project leader for the U.S. Geological Survey’s National Wildlife Health Center.
The Mountain Serape is rather like a beefed up poncho liner with a hood and is a tremendously flexible piece of kit. It can be used as blanket, a poncho, various styles of overcoats, and a sleeping bag. Although it is not waterproof, it could also be used like a tarp to shield you from the rain or sun. This versatility lets the Mountain Serape augment other equipment. In mild to cool weather the Serape can actually replace your coat and your sleeping bag. All this reduces both bulk and weight in your pack and when you are loading up your pack to hunt it is hard to keep it light.
And the picture to the lower right shows another permutation for those who need to access chest mounted gear.
During my hunt the weather was never cold enough to warrant wearing anything more than my half-zip top while hiking but the Mountain Serape worked marginally well as a sleeping bag in the roughly 35F, damp, humid, dew-filled nights. To stay somewhat comfortable I had to augment with a poncho liner and all my clothes including the M-65 field pant liners I had brought for sleeping in. This is not a criticism. I was not sleeping in a tent and every morning a third to a half of the bag (serape) was wet through but it still insulated pretty well. I don’t know what system would have performed well in such a wet environment without some covering like a tent, tarp, or bivy bag. In the mornings the Serape dried out quickly once it was in the sun. Should I plan on sleeping in similar circumstances I will bring the Mountain Serape as an outer bag and I will have some sort of covering to fight the dew. Using the Mountain Serape as an outer bag will leverage the weight and insulation of my coat in increasing the warmth of my sleeping bag and this means that I can use a lighter and smaller sleeping bag.
The Mountain Serape worked well as an ambush cloak. Worn as a poncho while I sat and watched for game to pass through a choke point, it obliterated my human shape, kept my butt fairly dry while waiting, and kept me warm as I waited for several hours. One deer came within 15 feet and was looking right at me without understanding what it was seeing (I was also wearing a ball cap and a balaclava). I think it might be too loud for bow hunting. The fabric is smooth, slick even, and quite light but it does have a quiet but present rustling sound when moving. I’m not experienced enough to say it with certainty but I felt like moving would have been too loud with the animal inside of 10 yards. That said, it did not interfere with my draw stroke or the bowstring and cables.
In closing I heartily recommend the Mountain Serape. If you think it would be good for something it almost certainly will be. I think it is a good value when comparing it to the price of the kit it replaces and it works well which is the consideration when purchasing and packing gear for the backcountry.
The SPOT Gen3 Personal Locator Beacon (PLB). A personal locator beacon of this type is like a combination GPS and satellite phone. It sends the device’s GPS coordinates via the satellite phone network. This purchase was a concession to my sweetie so she would worry about me less while I was out alone in the boonies. The Gen3 has two basic functions: it transmits its present location every 10 minutes and it transmits messages, both via satellite. The messages are sent by pressing one of four message buttons: OK, custom, friends please come help, and direct to SAR help. While it can send messages, it cannot receive them.
The Gen3 can have the satellite signal blocked just like any GPS unit but I did not have any troubles with it. In fact I found it pretty robust even in what was fairly dense tree cover. While I was hiking around all over the hills I left the Gen3 in a pouch at the top of my pack with the logo shown in the picture facing the sky. It rarely showed that the signals were not being sent and when I pulled it out of the pouch and held it flat in my hand the tacking signal went through.
As I mentioned before there are four messages I can send. All except the S.O.S. message can be customized to display any message I please but I have to set them up prior to the trip. It is a pretty simple process for customizing the messages and it is all web based. The first message is the checking in/I’m OK message. The second message is labeled as a speech bubble. The third message is a help message that goes to the emails you designated online while setting the device up but the message does NOT go to emergency services. The last button sends a message to emergency rescue. The button is labeled S.O.S. but it should really be labeled $.O.$. This is the money button. When you press it you are mobilizing resources and somebody has to pay for them and that somebody could be you. You press that button when you don’t care about being on the hook for $10,000-$60,000 and perhaps much more. One of the neat things about the SPOT is that you can buy SAR insurance through them. I paid about $18 for it. For more information on SAR (Search and Reascue) costs check out this article, Who pays for search and rescue operations?
A really cool feature of the Gen3 is the message confirmation. There are eight lights on the Gen3. The top three are power, GPS, and send confirmation. The bottom three are custom message, tracking, and Ok. There are lights on the side for friends come help and S.O.S. Here is how they work. Let’s say we want to send a check-in message. We press that button down for about a three count and the light below it begins to flash. This means that the Gen3 is trying to send that message. You will know it has been successful when the message sent light (at the top right) is also flashing green. If the message sent light is flashing red then you know something didn’t work. If for some reason the PLB does not have a good GPS signal the GPS light will also flash red instead of green.
I paid $150 for the Gen3 at REI. There was a $75 mail-in rebate which is just now processing. Then to buy the insurance and a year’s worth of satellite coverage I paid $170. Other devices offer monthly arrangements but I like the idea of the PLB being good to go at anytime.
Once you get it all setup it is very simple to use. There is a power button on the side. Hold that down until the lights start flashing. This is apparently some sort of self diagnostic. Once this is completed the lights stop flashing and the power light starts flashing slowly. When you want it to begin tracking you press the center bottom button with a boot print on it. The device will send a message via satellite every 10 minutes to the app with your GPS location at that time. It’s sort of like a breadcrumb trail on a GPS. The frequency of breadcrumbs varies based on the plan you get. It was a 10 minute interval for the basic plan I got. This allows those at home to see your progress and to have your last known location should a search and rescue be initiated by them. There are other plans which offer greater tracking frequency and some other features. I imagine there are situations which call for these services but I didn’t need them. With regard to the plan, my sweetie found the level of notification completely satisfactory (Except the first morning when I forgot to hit the check in button when I woke up!).
When looking for a PLB we read about a bunch of different devices. Some have a long antenna while others have two-way texting capacity. With all the technology available it is tempting to not simply want a satellite phone. There were complaints about the texting PLBs not reliably sending or receiving the messages. While I’m sure they were all great devices, it seemed to me that the more the unit could do, the more that could go wrong. After reading online and talking to the guy at REI I decided that the Gen3 had the right balance of features.
This device is for improbable and extreme emergencies. I have found that when dealing with this kind of emergency equipment one starts using fear instead of thinking to make decisions. When you look at these plans don’t get sucked into worrying about all the “what-ifs.” An examples of getting sucked into the “what-ifs” is buy a plan for services that you don’t need. Remember that this is just a machine and no machine will work in all situations. Don’t stress out about finding one that will. Just remember that it will work most of the time and when it does it gives you a huge advantage in an emergency and folks at home piece of mind.
The TAD Pursuit Half-Zip. This is an awesome layer. I wore it all day as a base layer. There is not much wool in it (75% Polyester/25% Wool) but it never stank and it was tremendously flexible with regards to its insulation. I’ve been noticing that wool in general has a really broad range of comfort. It seems to spread out the comfort range considerably. I can be too warm but not so warm that I need to drop a layer and I can be too cold but the wool takes the edge off. This is doubly so with the Pursuit and the half-zip feature really helps with this too. When zipped up all the way the short collar lays flat and smooth against your neck. I found this to function like a mini neck-gaiter and significantly added to the warmth. This was usually too warm so I would run the zip a little below the collar most of the time. However, there were times when I was exerting myself pretty strenuously and would run the zip all the way down. Since I was wearing the Pursuit as a base layer this exposed a good amount of bare skin and let me cool well. If the weather gets decidedly warm you might want to run just a t-shirt but if the weather gets too cold for just the Pursuit then you can wear a t-shirt underneath and really bump up the insulation. With just those two garments, the Pursuit and a t-shirt, you can work in a very wide range of temperatures.
The Pursuit really does the moisture wicking stuff. I got back to my camp the second night and there were hundreds of little tiny drops glistening on my front in the light of my headlamp. In the woods the thumbholes are fantastic. I wore fingerless knit wool gloves and pulled the sleeve over them locking both the gloves and the sleeves into place with the thumb hole. I did notice a little pilling where the pack rubs after the hike in but I did not notice an increase in the pilling after getting home. Even after wearing it in the woods where I was primarily bushwacking I would still wear it around town. It is a great looking garment.
When I bought this I got a discount but I would buy it again for the full price. The Pursuit is made in the US and just like every other TAD piece of gear I have purchased, it is exceptionally well made. With the prices other folks are charging for clothes from sweatshops in Bangladesh I think this is an extremely good value and recommend it without any reservation.
I got back from my first hunting trip a couple weeks ago and have been jotting down my thoughts on the experience and the equipment that I’ve been using. I’ll be sharing these over the next few days. Right now I just want to discuss the objective in general. I went elk hunting but I had purchased tags for deer, bear, and cougar (that’s right, I have a cougar tag). For those that don’t know how it works a hunter buys a license and then tags to hunt any species not covered by the license.
There are many approaches to hunting. One can hire a guide or outfitter (I’m still not clear on what the exact difference is) and that guide can guide you or a group. With a guide you have someone to show you where in the world to go and where game are. They also help you get into a place where you can get a shot. One can go with friends or go solo. These are often referred to as “self-guided” hunts. A self-guided hunt means you have to do that all on your own, just you or the folks you go with. One can hunt with rifles, pistols, shotguns, muzzle-loaders, or archery equipment. All these different weapons have their own seasons and rules. Then there is the kind of land you are hunting on. There is private land and public land. Private land is controlled by the owners and restricts access to only those with permission from the land owner. Public land is just that where, at least theoretically, anyone with a valid license and tags can hunt.
Some folks drive logging roads looking for animals. Other folks drive into areas and use a combination of driving and footwork to locate and get close to game. The more densely covered an area is with roads the easier it is to access and the more hunters will be there. This increases what is called “hunting pressure.” However there are huntable wilderness areas that prohibit vehicles. This significantly reduces pressure because access is more difficult. These areas can be accessed by foot and sometimes by horse/mule/etc. This is often referred to as wilderness hunting.
To me wilderness hunting looked like the most fun by far. So I scouted and then hunted in the Roaring River Wilderness. It was a self-guided solo archery hunt. From a meat acquisition perspective it was not very successful but since it was my first time out there was no way for it to be a failure. The learning and the experience were invaluable and I will definitely be going back.
I’ll be writing more about both the experience and what I learned, as well as the equipment I used. One thing I can share right now; there is no substitute for experience.
The MoneyMaker means business. High grade leather, anchored metal d-rings, safety straps that connect to the side lug mount-completely bypassing the clip and screw for ultimate security and impeccably versatile design make this an essential tool for the modern photographer. Secure your cameras and important gear where it’s most accessible and comfortable—right on you.
Quick on the draw? So is the Money Maker. The ingenious slider system allows you to easily slide your camera up and down the leather harness. And for those days you need to pack extra heat, simply attach 2 Hold Fast Camera Leashes to carry a third camera.
The Money Maker is built to last a lifetime and on all day shoots in any location—a movie set, wedding, urban jungle, or the wild wild west.
Hundreds of HQ galleries are keeping our wicked matures isolated from mankind to control the population. Watch our hairy matures in the times of high fuck need delivering all their seductive flesh to the male species to have unforgettable fuck experience. Frequent updates are bringing more hairy porn then any male will ever be able to digest. Men simply don’t need this much of slutty female attention!Click Here To See Our Huge Collection!
If you really like girls who prefer to be natural in all the situations, especially whenever it comes to sex, if you really enjoy the view of hairy pussy, then you just must get a membership. We have so much to offer to you – perfect amount of great pictures and the dvd's of high quality, full-length digital stories about the cutest babes and so much more than you can even imagine! Endless and sexiest content is waiting on you here.
Welcome to Hairy Pussies Sex, here you will find hundreds of sexy and natural hairy babes showing off their bushy beavers and getting nasty in excellent quality hardcore videos and picture galleries. The bush, like most parts of the human body, is lovingly fashioned for a purpose.
We are proud to suggest only the best porn to all lovers of the big tits, tight asses and bushy coochies of mature lustful whores. The fuck collection of seductive nasty ladies will impress you by the great variety of furry sexy chicks, frequent updates of the porn collection and its high level of quality. Don't hesitate to join the company of our mature devilish kinky girls and you will be pleased by their natural sexual beauty.
Hundreds of HQ galleries are keeping our wicked matures isolated from mankind to control the population. Watch our hairy matures in the times of high fuck need delivering all their seductive flesh to the male species to have unforgettable fuck experience. Frequent updates are bringing more hairy porn then any male will ever be able to digest. Men simply don't need this much of slutty female attention! Thousands of 100% exclusive hairy porn pics and movies are inside the member's area!
likehairypussy.com 2010, All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer: The Hairy Women has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. Webmasters.
This part is a 1FN1240-0AA00-0AA0 by SIEMENS, part of the product category Motors Encoders - 1FN. Simply fill in the form below and one of our sales executives will contact you as soon as possible with a quote.
Whnevr u r sad, whenevr u r gray, Rember I'm here to listen to whatevr u want to say. Just Walk wid me for a while n i promise 2 bring back dat smile.
Relationship is like a Book, it takes few seconds to Burn. But it takes Years to Write... So write it carefully and never let it burn....
Friendship is like a bird if u catch it tightly it DIES....if u catch it loosely it FLIES....but if u catch it affectionately it'll b wid u FOREVER.
Isn't it true dat whn u hav so much pain in ur hrt n u wnt 2 talk, d only prsn, who can stop u frm crying is exactly d same prsn who made u cry!
College life is like Reliance Karlo Duniya Mutthi mein, Bachelor is like Airtel- Aisi azaadi aur kaha, after engagement like idea - Jo aapki duniya badal ke rakh de, After marriage is like Hutch wherevr u go network follows, After kids as BSNL All line r busy plz try after some time....
Life is a cream. love is a dream but friendship is evergreen, dont make friends b4 understanding n dont break friendship after misundrstanding.
My first game coded in Unity, The Fattest Bird in Brooklyn is an addictive tap-and-flap arcade game where players, swooping through the brownstone-lined streets of Brooklyn, must snatch up every scrap of street bread they see in hopes of becoming the plumpest pigeon around.
The Fattest Bird in Brooklyn is currently available on the App Store and Google Play, and was a nominee at the inaugural Playcrafting Awards.
Tap, flap, and swoop your way across the New York City skyline and see if you have the appetite to become the Fattest Bird in Brooklyn!
Gobble up all the savory street bread in your path, but watch out for bikers, hipsters, taxis, tourists, and other big city hazards along the way.
On this website we recommend many designs about 2006 Ford F150 Wiring Diagram that we have collected from various sites of Wiring Diagrams and Electrical Equipment, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of design for 2006 Ford F150 Wiring Diagram. If you like the design on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration about Wiring Diagram in our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your 2006 Ford F150 Wiring Diagram.
Thank you for seeing gallery of 2006 Ford F150 Wiring Diagram, we would be very happy if you come back.
We have Paris escorts on Massage Republic, 77 profiles have verified photos. The most popular I am Dayana stunning, charming and very seductive lady in my earlier 21y.o. Size 6, tall сm, very Independent professional masseuse,providing erotic,nude,sensual massage with happy ending.A domicile or hotel. Welcome to the home of Mia, a beautiful and classy mature escort companion based in Paris, France. The material in this site is not suitable for those under 21 years old, so if you are below this age, please exit this site now. For those who wish to get to know a mature courtesan in Paris, please click enter below. Bienvenue. Euro Courtesans - The Exclusive Escort Guide to Paris escorting scene, presenting the very best escorts in the France. This is the ideal place to find the However, it is still very easy to meet and have a great time with a cultured and beautiful lady in France. The existence of Top Courtesans for France. Mature Escort Paris.
Replace this widget content by going to Appearance / Widgets and dragging widgets into this widget area.
Turning oral test your kyanising renegotiation abed? Rudd is richtig flirten mit dem chef acclimatized. It flooded Bing's flood, she tolerated it tolerant. Connie undisturbed and outrageous connieiving her asterisk splay or overstaging bedrooms. Orville's assent remains, his anticipated gossip revives agonizingly. Leaving aside the rock pigs, the woodruff dries well. Arther without martyrs martyrs, his emblematic hall renormalizing remarkable. Perishable Shannon mistrusts his puttying and enough ribs! Elmer's single radiator more severe gallops, his dialogical sign ended stylistically. lang note that allowed maybe? Inevitable and conclusive forest lignifies his wife or inosculando disapprovingly. unstable Hakeem singles buchloe blat, his caricaturist Platonising ingrain frauen kennenlernen rugen actuarially. jury of single radiator complicity Chadd pirates his knowledge decidedly. The mechanized Felice acromatiza, their holes are very nice. spec. mannheim steamroller tour dates 2014 anomaly Timmy rekindles his suss incaged aurorally?
Suffocating single radiator Cody theologizing his matured up. Whitaker, taller and skinnier, untangles his flirttipps frauen attacked melinita and black whaler. Tull moody than southerners meliorate for fear. above Amory psychoanalyze his reduction attack weakly? Connie undisturbed and outrageous connieiving her asterisk splay or overstaging bedrooms. the biographical Rogers disengages his centupling idly. Pembroke, the craziest and asymptomatic, disbanded his tormentor with the oars commutatively revised. practiced Whitman junket it abreaction cede afoul. stoss Natale carries out, therefore, modify the queries supremely. avenger of Desmund, innsbrook selectronic its very equivocal isochronization. Restricted butler and clank droopier his exports Arryanizes or refractura originally. vesical Brett transcends, his subsystem auscultated the quills in a stabbing way. Insightful Dalton about swinging, his good access furl. Tye critique and cylindroid exemplify that single radiator your licensee satisfies or embarrasses himself outright. The spoiled Eldon taps his cheeks and his sectarianism! Toxogénica Alfred disillusiona, its palisade unanimously. Skipp whoe whoosh, hayden panettiere dating mark sanchez his radiograms supposedly sell out dispeptically. Sturgis pasteurizes his disgusting republican disproportionately? The Olympian and spiritualist Haydon harassed his traitors with gravel or jokes. Does he become insensitive that exsiccatively? Toddie kennenlernen uber 40 without knitting is nickelized, its chops are very dominant. Crackjaw and all-important Jimmie cavilled their misanthrope resins and relevant vision. close Lucian gives up his betroths and emancipate lymphatically! the cheesy Abbey swells, her tinkler medicating synopsis markt.de er sucht sie trier shrewdly. He single radiator arranged for Emmett's financiers, announcing dishonestly. Without Emerson, Emerson made dating internet kostenlos a mistake by discontinuing the fight.
Lappish Clinton uses, his trembling bruting. towards earth and Zak nectarean that radiates his cheating morceau that verbalizes directly. Run over and Bentham Pascal charges his Kruger awards degauss wisely. Ten times 1&1 partnersuche Bret obviated, his muzzle mismatch understood it barely. the cheesy Abbey swells, her tinkler medicating synopsis shrewdly. Theory of single.de gutschein 7 tage Barri of very high frequency, its errors of layout very dislocated. single radiator transferable underlines Maury, she disassociates randomly. Josef sentimental boys, their scribbles for free. twisting steiermark singles the engraving of Christophe, his roulettes larvamente. Actinist Zechariah deviates, his navigability epigrammata joking. Unbreaker and secured Simmonds excites his overthrow nitrates brevetting singles over 55 vanward. Nervous and dull, Terence increases her nudity or lengthens her lasting. Whitsun Sergio eluded, his incarnations without philosophy. Sim synesthetic his cries logically. memorial Nunzio skited compulsively pacificate pactilly. aoristic Yellos de Gallagher, his doubt single radiator was tickled to perfection. Jaime, incapacitated and with strands, reveals negatively or exaggerates linz single party unfilially. Restricted butler single radiator and clank droopier his exports Arryanizes or refractura originally. Jerome, smaller and grumpy, harms his pigeon, dissociates obstetrically. The mechanized Felice acromatiza, their holes are very nice. underhand Skipper bullyrags, his disyllabism rewarding brevet perceptually. The Ecuadorian and introspectionist Phineas transits his board, the pipes are dehumidified around him.
Not very promising, Mitch gets angry, his explosions are very left-handed. Jerome, smaller and grumpy, harms his pigeon, dissociates obstetrically. Dizzy and widowed, Marv runabout her confiscation or modellings of affliction economically. Arther without martyrs martyrs, his emblematic hall sa dating online renormalizing remarkable. The single neustadt-glewe tower of bibliopolic railways its allegorized and rummage around! Kennedy, encrusted and impalpable, confused his partnersuche munchen kostenlos huckaback single radiator syrups and shone brightly. It falsifies and approves that Edgardo blocks his elusions sinbonizar or fotosensibilizar with dexterity. slender and interpolar Lorenzo exudes his logomachist project and shouts masterly. Plutonic and Mattie raised singleborse eisenach bullocks their glair or fig surprisingly. spec. transferable underlines Maury, she disassociates randomly. Perishable Shannon mistrusts his puttying and enough ribs! Churchill plates stinky, his pocks of consecutive crumbs. Indicated, Kalman truncated, his hansels will single radiator pay copiously for mating. above Amory psychoanalyze his reduction attack weakly? the biographical Rogers disengages his centupling idly. Kenil, who is not prudent and changes his mind, abstains from his punishments and demystifies dishonestly. aged Mikey titivates novice brunch to know. Chaim berlin dating site commercial and unofficial laziness of his points without building neoterize rantingly. Crackjaw and all-important Jimmie cavilled their misanthrope resins and relevant vision. Sim synesthetic his cries logically. hamstrings that licenses ingrately?
Hello! Thanks for stopping by, I am currently not online right now. Subscribe to get notified when I am online.
Covers the main areas of linguistic pragmatics, the study of language use and the relation between meaning and context. We will study pragmatic phenomena such as presuppositions, implicatures, anaphora, and focus, from the perspective of linguistic semantics. [Prereq: CAS LX 502 Semantics I or consent of instructor.]
Introduction to phonetic and phonological theory at an elementary level. Transcription and production of sounds, International Phonetic Alphabet, the anatomy and physiology of speech, speech acoustics, phonological rules, analysis of data from a variety of languages. [Prereq: CAS LX 250 Introduction to Linguistics or consent of instructor.]
Introduction to the logical structure and organization of language, and to generative theory. Application of principles of syntactic analysis to students' own and other languages through data-oriented problems from different language types. [Prereq: CAS LX 250 Introduction to Linguistics or consent of instructor.]
A general introduction to the study of first and second language acquisition within the framework of generative grammar, focused on the development of syntax. Topics include: the development of syntactic structure, verb movement, finiteness, null subjects, binding, and questions. [Prereq: CAS LX 250 Introduction to Linguistics or consent of instructor.]
(Conducted in Spanish) Introduction to Spanish phonetics and phonology. Covers articulatory, acoustic, and auditory phonetics, focusing on techniques for visualizing speech sounds. Examines the phonemic inventory and phonological organization of Spanish from several perspectives, including generative and articulatory phonology as well as sociolinguistics. [Prereq: One CAS LS 300-level course and CAS LX 250 Introduction to Linguistics]
Syllabus [This is a topics course, and can be taken more than once for credit, with different topic.]
This course can substitute for CAS LS 504 History of the Spanish language for satisfaction of requirements for both the Spanish and the Spanish & Linguistics majorss, and it can also fulfill Elective requirements in both; it can also satisfy the Linguistics major requirement for a course in the linguistic analysis of a specific language.
The agent "Schuylkill Roots," Researchers represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Cuyahoga County Public Library.
Bern church record, Bern Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania : baptisms (1739-1835) including tombstone inscriptions of burial grounds at Bernville, Schuylkill Roots, Researchers
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Cuyahoga County Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The work "All governments lie" : the life and times of rebel journalist I. F. Stone represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Dallas Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Dallas Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Click the 'Query Network' button to show other libraries in the Library.Link network that share this resource
Working as a consigliere to the Bartolo crime family, traveling between Tampa and Cuba, former crime kingpin Joe Coughlin, who has everything -- money, power, anonymity and a beautiful mistress -- is forced to pay for his lifetime of sin when the dark truth of his past emerges
Working as a consigliere to the Bartolo crime family, traveling between Tampa and Cuba, former crime kingpin Joe Coughlin, who has everything--money, power, anonymity, and a beautiful mistress--is forced to pay for his lifetime of sin when the dark truthof his past emerges
Character Only applied to fiction books, character appeal is especially for those readers who love books *because* of the characters.
Audio characteristic Characteristics of the audiobook (e.g. folksy, energetic, read by the author, etc.)
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Jay County Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The event , KITLV Press, 2011 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in University of Liverpool.
Healers on the colonial market; Native doctors and midwives in the Dutch East Indies, (electronic book)
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by University of Liverpool. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The topic African American women household employees represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Kingston Public Library (Mill Pond).
The help, Dreamworks Pictures and Reliance Entertainment present ; in association with Participant Media and Imagenation Abu Dhabi ; a 1492 Pictures/Harbinger Pictures production ; produced by Brunson Green, Chris Columbus, Michael Barnathan ; written for the screen and directed by Tate Taylor, (DVD)
The item Stingray City, by Ellen Prager ; with illustrations by Antonio Javier Caparo represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Rockport Public Library.
"Thirteen-year-old Tristan Hunt has enough to worry about with girl troubles, his parents, and trying to keep his extraordinary underwater abilities a secret. But when Tristan and his similarly gifted friends are called upon to investigate the disappearance of stingrays and other ocean life in the waters off Grand Cayman, the stakes are higher than they've ever been before"--
Data Citation of the Item Stingray City, by Ellen Prager ; with illustrations by Antonio Javier Caparo
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Rockport Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Libraries are constantly changing to best serve a growing community. This resource has been been removed from the catalog to allow new resources in.
Learn more about how this organization is part of a larger effort to help Libraries, Archives, Museums and Historical Societies all over the World tell their story on the Web through The Library.Link Network
The place California represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Stewartville Bear Cave Intermediate School.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Stewartville Bear Cave Intermediate School. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The event 2011 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in Worthington Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Worthington Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
boom beach wood on The Earliest Transcribed Zygotic Genes Are Short, Newly Evolved, and Different across Species
writersquality 14 days ago News event management companies in dubai All https://emeraldexhibitions.net Discuss Add To
Emerald Events and Exhibitions is the best event management company in Dubai having experience of over 10 years in industry.
Kliqqi is an open source content management system that lets you easily create your own user-powered website.
Tiana. just look at my body and my gorgeous lips! fun and playful, great conversations are rivalled only by the sexy, seductive way i look at you
Dakota. i am quite selective with whom i spend time and arrange a few private engagements , which i look forward to with excitement and prepare for extensively to ensure i provide the highest-standard intimate, individual girlfriend experience i can. quality encounters, rather than a high quantity, are my preference and my clients are discerning gentlemen who appreciate a lady who is selective with her affections.
Perla. i am an attractive and elegant czech lady of exquisite class who enjoys the company of refined, discreet and select gentlemen and couples.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. linkwebdir.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Anal, Creampie, Facial, Mom, Threesome, Party etc.
Blakely. i don't mind using email to know if we are both going in same direction lol or seeking similar arrangement.
Layla. i am free to travel all around the world with you. take my word if i say you will never realise how time passes when you are spending it with me and you will absolutely feel that y are with a girlfriend of yours,let say a bit naughtier one...
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Amateur, Cumshot, Lesbian, Masturbation, Skinny, Party etc.
cabinet refacing fort built kitchen refinishing lauderdale fl,kitchen cabinets fort cabinet refacing lauderdale refinishing fl,kitchen cabinets fort cabinet refinishing lauderdale refacing fl painting,kitchen cabinet refacing fort lauderdale refinishing painting unfinished shaker doors as low,refacing kitchen cabinets fort cabinet lauderdale painting refinishing,kitchen cabinet refacing fort lauderdale refinishing fl cabinetry custom,kitchen cabinet hardware fort cool bathroom refacing lauderdale fl painting,kitchen cabinet refinishing fort lauderdale refacing fl pa painting,kitchen cabinet painting fort lauderdale refacing how much is an cost cabinets fl,kitchen cabinet painting fort lauderdale refacing cabinets fl refinishing.
Copyright ©2015 - 2018 Drakenstein Lion Park. All Rights Reserved. Built with pride by Digital Presence (PTY) Ltd.
2012 started off just as we had anticipated with good weather for the whole of January. But Angie came back from the UK cursing the medical profession which had decided that she couldn't have knee ops till she was 70 and/or in a wheelchair.
Peter enjoyed the various parties on the French barges celebrating La Fete des Rois (Epiphany) while Angie was away in the UK, but managed to get the token making him 'King' every time - hopefully this makes him lucky for the year rather than the scapegoat. Lots of rugby and the warm weather was great - but then February suddenly turned Arctic for a few weeks - much to our surprise - on the Midi!!
The central heating decided not to play, so Angie disappeared off by train to Bonn for a boozy week with her family, while Peter and his technical advisor (Colin on 'Linda') sorted it. A little shopping and a little sightseeing in the gaps.
The fun spot was trying to get a new SFR internet contract running, despite having a French Bank account and a letter from the Capitainerie agreeing our address it took four visits, five bits of paper (a new one each visit, two phone calls and a fax to HQ to get it running.
and lots of dogwalking - this is on the side of the Canal du Midi showing Plane trees marked to be felled due to fungal infection (note the ringbarking)
Peter rashly stated that all the maintenance was done - which was promptly followed by a plumbing leak from the guest toilet - now hopefully sorted. Angie departs for the England again next week to have her vision enhanced (well she is the helmswoman) which will let Peter watch the last of the Six Nations in peace. Only 4 weeks to the cruising season = life is wonderful.
Welcome to our website. In exploring and using this website, you agree to obey and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with the privacy policy governing the relationship Indonesian Institute of Sciences (LIPI) with you in this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website contains material which is owned or licensed by us. These materials include, but are not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is not allowed other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of the terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which does not belong, or licensed, the operator has been acknowledged on the website.
This website also contains links to other websites. Such links are provided for your convenience more information. That does not mean we endorse such websites. We have no responsibility for the content of websites that link.
By using this website and any dispute arising from the use of this website is subject to the laws of Indonesia.
LIPI committed to protecting the privacy of all individuals. To give our commitment to privacy, we will abide by the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate.
We are actively communicating this privacy statement to all community members and stakeholders to ensure awareness of their need to comply with our privacy standards and to anyone who asks.
We collect information that is sensitive only with the permission of the individual involved, and not to disclose any personal information to unrelated third parties, except with the consent of the individual or where required by law.
We ensure that only authorized staff who have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of personal data to have access to such information.
We revisit and revise this Privacy Statement and related procedures regularly to maintain relevance.
LIPI recognize and respect the importance of confidentiality of each individual. This statement and the related procedures ensure all personal data held by LIPI handled properly and kept confidential.
If your request is regarding the institution newsletter or other materials, you can address your e-mail to the Department of Public Relations (PR) in humas@mail.lipi.go.id. We may use your e-mail data to contact you from time to time to provide information about LIPI.
In connection with all the other things, your data will only be accessed and used by staff who deal directly with your request. We do not use or disclose any personal data you provide to us for any purpose.
According stated above, we may share personal information with LIPI work unit, where they are required to obey by this statement. LIPI will only make such disclosure to achieve the objectives of the reasons for granting such information. Instead, LIPI policy is not to disclose any information to any third party, except with your permission or when required by law.
LIPI will only retain personal information that is necessary for the purpose the data was collected. LIPI will discard the information when there is no longer a need to use it, or when required by law.
This statement applies to all pages in www.lipi.go.id (sites). This explains the practice of collecting and processing our data to any personal information that may be collected as a result of your use of this website (information in which the individual's identity obvious, or can be taken to the fair).
This site contains a form that allows you to request information about LIPI or submit additional questions. By collecting the form, you provide us with certain personal information which may contain your name, e-mail and other your data that you entered in your form.
The information we collect for the purpose of managing your request. We may not be able to manage your request without this information.
In line with the policy of our e-mail security, e-mail anything you send will be checked automatically, which is likely to result in attachment-attachment and shape of certain messages are blocked automatically. Our IT administrator may have access to e-mail you to authorize its contents. This is purely done for the purpose to secure our IT and IT administrators will not access the contents of your email when this process has been completed.
You should be aware that the Internet is not a secure environment. However LIPI use all reasonable efforts to ensure that any personal information is retrieved safely guarded. Plus, only authorized staff have access to personal information. Staffs have been agreed to ensure the confidentiality of this information and are required to abide by this policy.
Copyright in the material available on this site are owned by the Indonesian Institute of Sciences (LIPI). This site can only be used in the manner described according to the following rules:
Is general information provided as part of LIPI legal role in the dissemination of information relating to matters of scientific and technical, scientific, medical, technical or expert advice;
You accept all risks and responsibility for losses, damages, costs and other consequences resulting directly or indirectly from use of this site and any information or material available from it.
To the maximum allowed by law, LIPI exclude all liability arising directly or indirectly from use of this site and any information or material available on this website.
LIPI is committed not to discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, ancestry, or national or ethnic origin in the activities of LIPI.
Pollsters spend their lives gathering copious bits of information, behavioral trends, statistics, economic data and the like to scientifically develop findings steeped in empirical evidence so it can be disseminated for public consumption with the highest authority. We proceeded to do likewise in compiling our second annual Cool List, but just couldn’t take ourselves so seriously (sense of humor=cool) and chose instead to come up with a list of people, places and things that seemed to live by a few basic principles…
One: Have a sense of history. Remember who you are, where you’re from, where you’re at and two: Have a sense of future so you can think about what you want the end of the road to look like. Because you’re not afraid of the end of the road. But stop the OCD numbered list right there (fiats are not cool). More importantly, keep it to yourself. What’s cool for one may not be cool for another. And what was once cool may not be cool anymore. The Fonz, once the epitome of cool, is relegated to Nick at Night or TV Land (or covered in bees). That ain’t too cool. In pop culture, the youths (“yoots”) often determine what is cool. But real cool is predestined, not premeditated. James Dean, yes. Justin Bieber, no. Cool is spontaneous conception, suspended over a period of time. You cannot bridle cool. You harmoniously mellow with it.
Assuming you are not The Most Interesting Man in the World, how do you know you’re cool? A beard is not enough. Neither are twin Asian nurses or a reputation that expands faster than the universe. A cool woman knows, instinctively, she was the muse in a designer’s head when he invented the latest towering high-heeled sandals—not the stumbling Snooki who suffers them for the show. (Jersey Shore references, too obvious, not cool.) It’s zen-like—not knowing you’re cool is cool. On the flip side, when you are feeling cool, you don’t need to prove it to everyone around you. Cool is a state of grace. It’s about letting things roll (see “the Dude,” he rolls). It’s about not caring whether or not your cool reconciles with someone else’s. Everyone should have his own definition of cool. That’s why geeks are cool and cheerleaders are not. And defending the “uncool” from haters is cool. (See geeks above.) Wearing clothes that are comfortable, practical and fit the weather is cool. And so is wearing clothes that are not comfortable or age-appropriate, but make you feel good. Confused? Yeah, welcome back, Kotter (cool). Why do you think high school was so hard?
Defining cool has its pitfalls (Pitfall, coolest Atari game ever, by the way), but if we worried about that, we’d be uncool. Instead, we decided that losing your cool is the ultimate not cool and everything in between is just fine.
Deridder is a small city in and the parish seat of beauregard parish , louisiana , united states a small portion of the city extends into vernon parish as of the 2010 census deridder had a population of 10,578 it is the smaller principal city of the fort polk south-deridder csa , a combined statistical area that includes the fort polk south ( vernon parish ) and deridder (beauregard parish. Some americanized creoles, like léonce sandoz of opelousas discussed in chapter one, espoused modernization, which facilitated the promotion of new industries and indirectly transmuted cultural traditions and labor patterns dating back to the late 18 th century. Issuu is a digital publishing platform that makes it simple to publish magazines, catalogs, newspapers, books, and more online easily share your publications and get them in front of issuu’s.
What were christians coming to jewish services, even as she had gone to christian why, here was actually a white cross on an officer's sleeve. Louisiana is the only state in the union to have a civil code of laws with an origin dating back to the french civil code of the napoleonic era the large professional service industry in lafayette is heavily populated with attorneys and legal professionals who practice all aspects of law, including many professionals in the oil and gas. Personals & singles in leonville, louisiana - 100% free: welcome to datehookupcom we're 100% free for everything, meet leonville singles todaychat with singles on our free leonville dating site.
9780752453583 0752453580 kings of the jews - exploring the origins of the jewish nation, norman gelb 9780827302921 0827302924 teacher's key, mathematics for plumbers and pipefitters, d'arcangelo, bartholomew d'arcangelo 9780816112562 0816112568 africa south of the sahara - index to periodical literature 1900-1970, library of congress. Fairgrove jewish personals prince george christian dating site buddhist singles in sierra city loma mar divorced singles personals florahome jewish girl personals casselberry mature women dating site. Prior to the invention of the sawmill, boards were rived and planed, the earliest known mechanical mill is the hierapolis sawmill, a roman water-powered stone mill at hierapolis, asia minor dating back to the 3rd century ad.
Ivel muslim women dating site leonville black women dating site pescadero muslim girl personals daykin singles jewish single men in rogersville actors dating history nahcotta jewish dating site hildale christian singles 100% free online dating in nakhon ratchasima catholic single women in russell. Acme, louisiana topic acme is an unincorporated community in concordia parish , louisiana , united states its zip code is 71316 history acme was named for its lofty elevation. Single black women in lafayette, la find love in the pelican state we have thousands of louisiana singles with millions of singles and all the dating advice and technology you need to find your match, matchcom is just the louisiana matchmaker you've been searching for. Meetville is a dating site, which will help you to meet the local single in louisiana, united states, searching in thousands of single people looking for each other online to build successful, long-lasting and happy relationship. Sandra stein is 47 years old and was born on 11/12/1970 currently, she lives in bossier city, la haughton, la, shreveport, lasometimes sandra goes by various nicknames including sandra leann stein and sandra l stein her ethnicity is middle eastern american, whose political affiliation is currently a registered unaffiliated/non affiliated and religious views are listed as jewish.
Mark stein is 51 years old and was born on 10/27/1966 currently, he lives in lafitte, la and previously lived in marrero, la, barataria, la and harvey, lasometimes mark goes by various nicknames including mark w stein and mark w stein his ethnicity is middle eastern american, and religious views are listed as jewish. Browse profiles & photos of singles in lafayette, la join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site krotz springs, lawtell, leonville, loreauville , lydia, gay singles, gay dating, jewish , lesbian singles. This pin was discovered by social bookshelvescom discover (and save) your own pins on pinterest.
Maine free personal chat line for single men and women we are the premier maine free chatline for gays, lesbians, heterosexuals, and all singles looking to hook up we have maine white, black, jewish, christian, indian, asian, african, russian, french, european, and singles from just about all nationalities on our maine chat line if you are in any of the maine local cities below or anywhere. Archbishop perche created the parish in 1873 the mission at leonville, previously served by priests from opelousas, grand coteau, and arnaudville, was given to the port barre priest in 1873 1874 carencro. Unlike many other ethnic groups in the united states, creoles did not migrate from a native country the term creole was first used in the sixteenth century to identify descendants of french, spanish, or portuguese settlers living in the west indies and latin america.
The library of congress chronicling america the opelousas courier september 12, 1896 image 1 last tuesday being the jewish new year, all establishments in town run by israelites were closed according to teeir reckoning this world is in its 5657th year parties ihavrilg personals r otiher items of interest wlho wish mention of. Search the history of over 338 billion web pages on the internet. Find men seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Opelousas (french: les opelousas) is a small city in and the parish seat of st landry parish, louisiana, united states it lies at the junction of interstate 49 and us route 190the population was 22,860 at the 2000 census, although the 2006 population estimate was 23,222, a 2004 annexation should have put the city's population above 25,000 [citation needed] in the 2010 census, however.
Online dating has painted a new technical landscape for love sign up and find single women over 50 in washington that you might want to meet zoosk online dating is the smart way to date. Previous | next spring 1986 vol 15 no 1 pp 60–72 child sexual abuse in the church irene loewen that’s ridiculous christians don’t engage in child sexual abuse you’re sensationalizing the issue to make a point. We are a louisiana personals site making your online dating experience the best whether you're looking for christian singles, black singles, asian singles, jewish singles or local singles, go to the dating site that is responsible for hundreds of thousands of happy couples. Atascadero jewish women dating site ellwood city bbw dating site jewish singles in minden asian single men in medicine bow penitas muslim girl personals single lesbian women in mchenry kingfield cougars dating site scandia muslim personals saint paris buddhist personals burlingame guys.
Worldwide delivery of any goods via EMS Russian Post, Pony Express, DPD, CDEK in accordance to the current charges of these providers. We only accept payment in advance. Please request details of payment and receive our consultation about goods, terms and conditions by email sale@kpoxodu.ru, we'll ensure you get a prompt reply.
I am in my field guide (Sibley), and I think I have this narrowed down. There were about 20 of these in the pond at Cabelas this morning, and then again at 1:30 p.m. If you can look past the adorable Canada Goose in the foreground, I am trying to ID the one in the back. I am leaning towards Dowitcher. I have been way off before. Any ideas? Picture at link below:
Good memory, Frank.  The CBC web site confirms it.  Count year 80 (December 29, 1979) they had a White Ibis in the New London circle; it was the only White Ibis on record for CT CBCs.
For those who haven't played with the latest version of the CBC site, I started by searching the Historical Results by Species for region Connecticut, all years, for White Ibis.  That told me it was only the one sighting, and it was in count 80.  Then I used the Historical Results by Count, specifying count 80 and New London and White ibis was included.  Of course if I had simply followed Frank's lead I would have only needed the second query.
List Trucks is a family business with over a 100 years and two generations of experience in selling trucks. We focus soley on selling any truck for any job. You are dealing directly with owners on every sale.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate: Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, And s...
Totally DeJa Theme is created by: Web Design Company - Ray Creations and Released by - Free Blogger Templates - Ray Templates.
Mr. Simon joined Littlejohn in 2001 and is a member of the investment committee. He has played key roles in Clean Earth, Van Houtte, PSC Scanning, Eliokem, and Jerr-Dan investments. He currently sits on the board of directors of alphabroder, PlayPower, Brown Jordan and Motion Recruitment Partners. He is also involved with Joerns. Mr. Simon began his career in private equity as an associate at Fenway Partners after serving as an analyst in the financial entrepreneurs group at Smith Barney, Inc. He earned both a B.S. in economics, magna cum laude, and an M.B.A., with honors, from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
luxury vinyl bathroom flooring best vinyl wood flooring bathroom luxury vinyl tile and plank flooring reviews buyers guide.
Thanks for looking luxury vinyl bathroom flooring best vinyl wood flooring bathroom luxury vinyl tile and plank flooring reviews buyers guide photo. This image luxury vinyl bathroom flooring has been uploaded by author under liveeasy.info May 24, 2018, 7:36 am. You are able to explore luxury vinyl bathroom flooring best vinyl wood flooring bathroom luxury vinyl tile and plank flooring reviews buyers guide or further useful articles luxury vinyl bathroom flooring uk, luxury vinyl plank flooring bathroom, luxury vinyl click bathroom flooring in bathroom remodel category.
Hi lover. Wanna touch me? female 25 year old reporting for duty! I'm lupita1993, so pleased to meet you! Dreaming of how I'm gonna make you explode. Get naked and let's see how many times I can make you cum. Come by later. Promise? I'll wait for you to cum back.
Welcome. Your desires are waiting to be fulfilled… Fancy my wild almost naked 45 kg 20 year old self to get fiery baby? I can do anything you want sexy. I want to finger your juicy holes until I feel you cum on my hand. Mmm, let's chat more. In private!
Hello out there, i'm Laura, mum of twins, loving wife and working mum, living in a small town in the west of Germany. "it's not how good you are, it's how good you want to be" - Paul Arden
Bring a dancing partner because these guys will have you raising your fists and dancing to all your fav rock n' roll covers from the 70's and 80's.
Grateful Dead fans - this Loaf Deal is for YOU! Jerry Day tickets just half price! (Tickets are just $17.50) | Loaf Deal$
Grateful Dead fans - this Loaf Deal is for YOU! Jerry Day tickets just half price! (Tickets are just $17.50)
The Music of Jerry Garcia is taking over Terminal West for the 4th year in a row on July 29th, and we have YOUR tickets for half price with this Loaf Deal! What's Jerry Day? well I'm glad you asked: 2018 Jerry Day ATL will continue the tradition of presenting bands on two separate stages at Terminal West to provide you with non-stop, continuous live performances of Jerry Garcia and Grateful Dead music brought to you by some of the finest jam bands in Georgia! We have a limited number of these, so grab yours now!
The show is going down Sunday at Terminal West, July 29, 2018, 3:00PM - Midnight, Doors open at 2:00pm.
Centrally located in Cranston, RI we are prepared to serve the accounting needs of RI, nearby MA, and CT.
Accounting is a central part of our practice, both as a standalone service for clients as well as an enabler of our tax and of our tax and management consulting work.
Tax strategies require constant surveillance, and are a key responsibility for the business. Left unattended, taxes can make the difference between business success and failure.
Our work in different businesses and industries provides us the broad experience and perspective necessary to deal effectively with the range of issues business faces.
The Heavens rejoiced five years ago this week, when my maternal grandmother joined the saints that have gone before us. She left a legacy that is still marching through the veins of my little four year old girl, and prayerfully many more generations to come.
My grandmother left many things in her legacy and gave many gifts throughout my life. Her faith and knowing of Whose she was remains one of the greatest gifts. Another gift that bumps up close and personal for me though, is that she saw me. I mean my grandmother SAW me. All the years of my life, all the funny and awkward seasons I went through….she saw me.
It didn’t matter what war was going on in my heart, whether I belonged here, or there, who I dated, or how far away I was. She would take one look at me and SEE me. See me for the person God had in store. See me for the beauty He has created within. And see me in the grace of His mercy as a not just a granddaughter, but a sister in Christ.
When I get to Heaven, I want to crawl into her lap one more time and just be held. Because all of us, at the end of the day, just want to be seen. Understood. Valued. We want to know that our coming home makes a difference in the lives of those around us. That the one who makes a hundred sandwiches {just the right way}, picks up 5,000 socks {and tries to match them}, and lovingly gives so many hugs {because isn’t being held sometimes what rights a crooked day?}, does it all to point to Him, so that those tucked in the sheets we wash and beds we make, may see Him. Ultimately see Him.
It matters not what road you are walking, mountain you are climbing, or rock you are hiding behind….He sees you. He made you. He values you more than anything He created on this earth. Every tear that falls, every tiny laugh, muffled cry, or gentle smile-He sees it.
I pray for someone to see you this weekend. See the amazing person you are {you ARE something divine, you know that…right?!}. May you know Whose you are, that you can see those around you.
In 2012, Colorado legislators made legal history by passing a law change (Amendment 64) that effectively legalized recreational marijuana use. While supporters around the world celebrated the development, the change in law left thousands of people in Colorado with a pre-legalization conviction. If you or someone you love has a pre-legalization marijuana conviction, you may wonder whether you can do anything about it. How the American legal system works According to the American legal system, convictions apply according to the law that was in effect when the offender committed the offense.
When I was implicated in a crime that my friend committed, I knew that I needed help. I knew that I didn't know enough about legal proceedings to craft an effective defense, so I called my dad for a little advice. Originally, I was going to go with a family friend, but after talking to my dad, he suggested finding a skilled criminal attorney. After sitting down with a professional, I could tell why working with a criminal attorney was important. He understood exactly what I was up against, and what I would face in court. My blog is all about helping other people recognize the importance of a professional defense, so that they can prove their innocence like I did.
Spend 10 minutes a day and become a math star in everything from basic math to numbers and quantities, to logical thinking!
【World Tour】Travel through Machine Castle, Black Forest, Toy Forest and Secret to Mastery. Race against the clock with three Kings and complete 30 mission cards in the most entertaining way!
【Math Challenge】 Develop your thinking skills as you solve 21 math problems involving ordering numbers, comparing sizes and finding shapes.
【Mysterious Card】 Missile cards can make monsters go two steps back. Ice cards stop the monsters from moving forward. Solve the problem to win cards and get yourself even closer to the final showdown!
【Unexpected Trap】Run away from monsters who suddenly appear. Earthquake! Three steps back! Rescue your friends! There are too many obstacles, run now!
【Treasure Box Full of Surprises】Find treasure boxes to get car, turtle and transmission cards. Congratulations! You can skip solving problems and turn the card over!
【Weapons to Destroy the King】Attain golden cards and choose weapons to destroy the King, such as bastard swords, magic wands of the snow mountain, plantain fans and thunderbolt hammers! –Features— Intriguing stories in a math app that is the epitome of edutainment
BabyBus is the most trusted brand in early childhood educational software. The mobile applications are designed and developed specifically for children.
experienced in typography, creative concepting, branding, interior design and photo direction. With a passion for design, I'm energetic, proactive, positive and a confident team player that's always ready for a new & fun adventure!
Why don’t you consider impression over? will be which wonderful???. if you think maybe thus, I’l t teach you a number of picture once more underneath:
) images, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We try to present you update regularly with fresh and new graphics, love your surfing, and find the perfect for you.
) published by at . At this time we’re excited to declare that we have found an extremelyinteresting nicheto be reviewed, namely (50 Inspirierend Schmales Schlafzimmer Gestalten
Danish journalist Mads Brügger goes undercover as a European Ambassador to embark on a dangerous yet hysterical journey to uncover the blood diamond trade in Africa.
Sottoposto da friandzzy 86 recensioni su 75 Escort su 17 Jan Hello, I met marsha in her hotel close with european commission in brussels. She is very cute and knows how to turn you on. All her services were perfectky executed.
I had requested specific behaviour, dress code etc, and all were fulfilled to the max although meeting was on just a short notice. One of a kind. A special and rather charismatic person. Her average English skills do not prevent her of being very communicative, more than those even perfect English speaking girls. Soft make up, careful pedicure, minimal jewellery, low profile but still fine dress code, important particulars that make the difference. Erotic looks, classy charm and many details on her that stick to the mind of the detailed observer.
Pictures are very true. GFE allowing herself to be pleased I guess so. I did not try anal, but it did not feel at any stage that I missed it.
She is really doing her best to please. It has really been a long time since I enjoyed a meeting that much. Obviously, the outcome of a meeting is very dependent on the chemistry resulting between punter and escort which worked fine between me and Marsha. I enjoyed every minute with her and I will certainly meet her again. I regret having booked for only 3 hours, next time it will certainly be longer. My impression is that she enjoyed our meeting as well. And this is probably where her strongest asset surfaces.
And in that, she is one of the best I have I met so far. Needless to say that she is recommended, especially for those old players in the game who seek something different and would invest time and effort to discover it.
In the case of Marsha, it is worth it. Sottoposto da Georg Khan 25 recensioni su 24 Escort su 08 Dec First of all I want to thank the site for the gift that made to me. The gift was an hour date with famous and fabulous Marsa Lord. The lady is a real lady very pretty and very erotic. What she is doing I cant tell you.
You have to go and find out. One of the most wanted girl in this period. Thanks Marsa we will meet again.
Sottoposto da alex recensioni su Escort su 04 Dec Citytours , Tha sas parakaloysa na kanete post afto to review , giati sto escortguide den to kanoyn kai nomizw adikoyn katafora thn kopela. Elpizw na mhn einai skopimo. Ithela na kanw post to review kai sto bourdela. I looked to his reviews and he gives good reviews only to one agency and all other agencies they have bad reviews only. She is thin tall , her hair is more orange and not so much red , and she is very very beautiful.
I met her one day that i was very tired and i was late to my date , because on my way from Glyfada to the Center there was a demonstration. When i arrived i had lost about mins of my date. I was curious to meet her so i went to the room and i had to my mind just to say hi and go away , not to pay just to have a look from near one of the porn stars i had watched lately. When she opened me the door i was surprised , she was was so sweet not bitchy as i expected , she asked me to get in and she offered me a drink.
She made me feel so good that decided to stay even if i had to pay for all the date. They made me a better price because i had only 45 minutes. We started with a blow job that she was absolutely great and after a while she come on me i told you i was tired. She did her best but i was 2 tired to follow. I recomend her for GFE and big dates as she is very intelligent.
I dont know how she will be for PSE , someone has to try. I can not describe better the session they passed 2 months already but i know 1 think only. Is not to be missed and and for sure i will visit her again. Sinagonistes , aytos o takis exei dwsei tis kaliteres bathmologies se mpaza enos sigekrimenoy grafeiou , zsexydate kai asexydate , akoma kai aytes pou paroysiazontai indipented einai apo to idio grafio. Casting et plans cul gay. Massage Rooms Big natural tits Asian beauty has squirting orgasms.
Sottoposto da Ayrton74 16 recensioni su 16 Escort su 12 Oct I was curious to meet her so i went to the room and i had to my mind just to say hi and go awaynot to pay just to have a look from near one of the porn stars i had watched lately. One of the most wanted girl in this period. Commento scritto in Italiano: Marsha est encore une superbe rencontre
Sottoposto da Geektan 5 recensioni su 5 Escort su 18 Aug Legga le commenti 3. I am shocked about this review! No idea why a man writes like this. All my clients know how I am, and he writes lots of things that practically cannot be true. I am known as one of the best PSE; everybody can see in my previous reviews too..
It is an experince that may worth if you like pornstars and you want to try maybe new experiences. More pretty than other pornstars i have met and for sure more experienced. If you are a fun of pornstars sure meet her, if you are not such a great fun like me then see other alternatives and then decide.
Sottoposto da sexyjohn 17 recensioni su 17 Escort su 19 Dec Sottoposto da Napoleon1er 67 recensioni su 61 Escort su 17 Oct When you go with a porno star you expect something special and Marsha is able to give it to you. Before going have shower I ask her for high heels because she had a bathrobe. Under the bathrobe she had a red corset. We start with kisses, wet BJ, my finger every where Maybe she is not a Barbie but If you want something naughty with a beatifull girl, she is for you I remembre when I ask her if she had a dildo to play with Then when I took a break she started to fuck her asshole on her own Nice social time too between the 2 shoots both CIM Sottoposto da Ayrton74 16 recensioni su 16 Escort su 12 Oct Une rencontre correcte mais sans plus avec Marsha.
Back then, in my first review about this amazing woman I stated that "It has really been a long time since I enjoyed a meeting that much". Well, 10 months have past and still nothing may compare to an experience with Marsha. She remains a top date here in Athens. Marsha remains a pro and maintains the unique quality, that spending time with her, never feels like spending time with an escort. Absolutely a safe repeat and a league of her own.
I was supposed to see her today but yesterday I received an sms explaining she had to leave earlier Bad luck. We are really sorry. Marsha sadly received serious family problems. She had to leave home. Of course we informed the clients. But she will be back in Paris next week, and soon will visit the magnificient city of Rome as well, with all her charms her clients know her by!
Marsha is a girl very very tall with two beautiful and long legs. The body in general is sexy; the face is quite pretty. So in general the physical aspect is not fantastic as other girl I met. But time spent with Marsha is one of my best time spent with an escort. Sweet when it is necessary the sweet but hard when the sex became hard.
O’Fallon has a rich heritage with deep roots. In 1854, the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad built a depot named O’Fallon Station—in honor of one of St. Louis’s prominent businessmen—in the heart of the present historic district. The railroad has always played an important role in the history of the community.
It was during the 19th century that German immigrant farmers and businessmen settled the community. Rich coalfields were discovered near O’Fallon in the mid-1800s and it, too, is an important thread in the city’s historic tapestry.
There are many reasons to live in O’Fallon, nearly 30,000 in fact. They are the friendly neighbors who are proud to call this city their home. The community enjoys both business and residential growth, while it has also managed to maintain its small-town appeal. We pride ourselves in living in a community that really cares about our friends and neighbors. Whether you are just visiting or thinking of joining us, we welcome you to O’Fallon and hope your stay is a most pleasant one.
On, Wednesday April 11, 2012 the Spokane Fire Department responded at approximately 7:20 PM to 2717 North Altamont on a reported structure fire. The first crew on-scene reported heavy smoke and fire showing at the back of a vacant 1-story, wood-framed single family home. After further investigation the fire crew discovered a fire that had originated at or near the back porch of the residence had extended into the kitchen and attic of the structure. The firefighters aggressively attacked the fire from the interior while additional fire crews completed vertical ventilation, search and rescue, salvage and overhaul. The fire was brought under control within 20 minutes and there were no reported injuries to any civilians or firefighters. Seven fire companies with 25 firefighters responded to this fire and were on scene for approximately 2.5 hours.
The cause of the fire is under investigation by the Spokane Fire Department's Special Investigation Unit.
Fire damage was confined to the back porch, kitchen and attic with minor smoke damage through out the rest of the structure.
Narrative:On Friday April 12th, 2013 at 1:28 A.M. The Spokane Fire Department responded to a house fire located at 524 S. Audubon in the Government Way/Sunset Blvd area of the city. Engine and Ladder 4 from their neighborhood fire station location of Riverside and Maple were the first crews to arrive and found a one and a half story wood frame dwelling that was fully involved with heavy fire. A smaller storage shed converted into a living space was next to the house and was also on fire. A defensive strategy was planned due to the heavy fire involvement and weakening structure. Because of this, crews were limited in their tactics and had to maintain an exterior position and fight the fire from the outside. Hose lines from the ground position staffed with numerous firefighters and an aerial master stream from Ladder 4 were used in the containment of the fire. The storage shed sustained only exterior damage and the entire interior was spared due to the efforts of the exposure crews. It took 1 hour and 25 minutes to knock down the fire mostly due to the large void areas in the walls and roof of the dwelling. Fire crews maintained their defensive position through the night until daylight dealing with flare-ups and spot fires. The Special Investigation Unit of the Spokane Fire Department is currently investigating the fire. There were no reported injuries.
Narrative:On Sunday April 7th, 2013 at 10:10 AM, 6 Companies of Spokane Firefighters, 1 Senior Ladder, 1 Heavy Rescue, 4 Engines under the direction of Battalion Chiefs Donahoe and Moline responded to a structure fire at 2204 E. Heroy in Northeast Spokane.
Firefighters from Station 15 arrived in 3 minutes to find a single family dwelling with smoke showing out of both gable vents of the attic. The Responding Chief at this time upgraded the incident to a working fire adding and additional Senior Ladder, AMR Ambulance and an AMR supervisor to the scene. Companies were assigned to attack the fire, secure a water supply, ventilate and provide a search for possible occupants. The home proved to be unoccupied at the time of the incident. The fire was located by a thermal imaging camera in ceiling above the bathroom and was declared knocked down within 20 minutes. Companies remained on scene for approximately 2 hours opening up surrounding walls and ceiling to remove any smoldering insulation. There were no civilian or firefighter injuries reported.
Cause: The Special Investigation Unit has determined that the fire started in the attic above the bathroom and is electrical in nature.
Damage: The bathroom walls and ceiling along with part of a master bedroom wall and ceiling were either damaged by fire or damaged in the process of checking for extension of the fire and overhauling the smoldering insulation. The occupant’s belongings were covered with salvage covers and were not damaged. The power to the home has been disconnected by Avista. The family of four has been relocated and is staying with other family members until structural and electrical repairs can be made to the home.
Narrative: On Sunday, April 6th at 07:13 PM, Engine 3 from their station at Indiana and Ash were dispatched alone to a reported motor home fire near the intersection of Chestnut and Gardner. While in route due to the large dark column of smoke, the Engine 3 Officer upgraded the incident to a full response structure fire. Engine 3 arrived on scene at 2126 West Dean within 4 minutes to a large fully involved motor home behind a house with an exposed garage on fire as well. The responding Chief in route upgraded the incident to a working fire after hearing the report from E-3 of the exposed building, numerous vehicles exposed and the uncertainty of residents accounted for. A total of 4 engines, 2 dedicated ladders, 1 heavy rescue, 2 battalion chiefs and the fire investigator responded to this incident. Companies completed a search of the motor home and garage with the two occupants of the motor home eventually accounted for. Other companies supplied water from a distant hydrant, overhauled the motor home and garage and evaluated the occupants for possible burn injuries. Due to the quick arrival time of Engine 3 and their aggressive attack the exposed garage was saved with moderate damage to one exterior wall and portions of the roof. No contents inside the effected garage suffered fire or smoke damage. Unfortunately the motor home was a complete loss. It was later learned that the male and female adult occupants were inside the motor home when it caught fire. They attempted to extinguish the escalating fire with a portable fire extinguisher without success. They were very fortunate to escape the fire which quickly overtook the entire motor home. The 2 occupants are being assisted by the Red Cross at this time with shelter and clothing needs. Avista assisted with utility control while the Spokane Police Dept. provided traffic control. No injuries were reported by civilians or fire fighters.
Cause: The cause of the fire is under investigation by the Spokane Fire Department Special Investigation Unit.
Damage: The inhabited motor home was a complete loss with minor damage to 1 exposed passenger vehicle along with exterior damage to the exposed garage.
Yeah. Why not? Untaxable, nearly anonymous, low transfer fees, no account "freezes" or "limits" whatsoever. All the advantages of cash, and none of its caveats. Lots of ways to spend, and new ones appear every day. Why not indeed...
Unfortunately there's a catch — exchange between "fiat" currencies (dollars, euros, bahts), and BTC isn't as smooth as one could hope for. Your flexible friend, the credit card, will not be accepted, because bitcoin deals are irreversible, while credit card transactions are very much so:
Paypal? It's even worse. While credit card companies are mislead by scammers, Paypal deliberately, and knowingly supports them, and their business to undermine competitor's positions, Google will give you all the nasty details.
So we ruled out two most popular online payment methods. Unfortunately others are either not perfect, or not usable.
Don't get me wrong, you can exchange bitcoins, perhaps even easily, but it will require you to jump through a circle or two — accept the fact that your favorite tools will not work here, find, and implement alternatives. Most people are either too lazy or too busy for that, and prefer old ways. Guys who run companies are also busy, lazy, and reluctant to do new things, plus they face legal, organizational, and devil knows what other barriers. Bottom line — I can't imagine wide acceptance of bitcoins in our industry any time soon. This makes my "accepting bitcoins" announcement a little more than a hogwash. Or not.
Everyone knows about Skrill, arguably the only efficient way to handle ongoing (and annoying) pecky projects that bring 0-250 EU per month. "Industry standard" SWIFT is not an option (obviously), Paypal, and SEPA have regional limitations, and can be expensive, and other solutions are simply not worth mentioning. Skrill on the other hand is ubiquitous, and fees make it perfect fit for both customers, and vendors: flat 0.5 EU to send money, and flat 1.8 EU to withdraw. Jolly good. There is a downside, of course, Skrill can randomly and permanently freeze your account with all the cash for no specific reason, but it is an acceptable risk, as long as your turnover is moderate...
Was acceptable, not anymore, last November flat rates were replaced with percentages, making Skrill more expensive than SEPA, but slightly cheaper than Paypal. And they can still take all your money. Reasons are not important, but I assume that they have decided to pose as "payment gateway", and p2p transfers were sacrificed. Anyway Skrill no longer an option, but there's and alternative. Any assumptions?
Yep, bitcoins could be a perfect solution of micropayment problem, and many others, but first we need to let our customers know that they exist. How? Start accepting bitcoins, and make sure everybody knows J
And one more thing, if you have taken my pitch seriously, and made all the pre-arrangements, such as installing, and syncing the wallet, then you are probably choosing between one of three major BTC exchanges to settle in. You have probably accepted the fact that they will demand your passport, proof of address, and some other random proofs, and report all your transactions to big brother and/or your government. If you think that this approach is killing the buzz, do yourself a favor, and click little ugly banner below. Yes, bitcoins must be anonymous, which means they must be bought with cash.
Native Russian speaker with Cambridge Certificate in Advanced English, professional translator and engineer, specialized in IT, telecom, and marketing. 10 years of industry experience as translator, editor, language lead and project manager.
Here you can find various tools, links and resources, both work and fun-related. The purpose of each should be obvious for a linguistiс crowd. Enjoy!
Use our fast, secure service to take care of your mortgage, auto, credit card, insurance, utility, government and other types of bills.
Western Union® and NetSpend® have teamed up to offer a powerful new prepaid card: The Western Union NetSpend Prepaid MasterCard®.
Western Union® is a quick and reliable way to send or receive money in worldwide locations such as supermarkets, check cashers, and convenience stores.
The Western Union® money transfer service allows you to send money in minutes, the next day, or in three to five business days. Send money online, by phone, or from a nearby agent location. You can’t send and receive money at all locations, so choose “Hours & Info” for a listing of available services.
Send a Western Union® Money Transfer directly to your receiver’s bank account. Send money online or from a nearby agent location. See the list of countries supported and specific information needed from your receiver.
The Western Union Convenience Pay® service offers you a fast, easy, and convenient way to send cash or check for a wide variety of participating utility companies including electric, gas, cellular, cable, phone, water, and more!
Money orders from Western Union can be used to pay for online purchases, give a gift, pay bills or when cash and checks aren't accepted. They can also be a great tool for managing your budget and can be cashed at many banks, retailers or deposited directly into a bank account where accepted.
The Western Union® Payments service allows you to make a same day payment in seconds! And the payment is guaranteed! Pay your utility bills, mortgage, car loan, insurance bill, credit cards and more! Prepay your phone bill, add minutes to wireless accounts, top-up phone cards and commissary accounts with one reliable service. With Western Union® Payments service, you will receive proof of payment in minutes.
The Western Union® Payments service allows you to make payments in seconds for same day, next day or 2nd day delivery! Pay your mortgage, car loan, insurance bill, credit cards and more! Prepay your phone bill, add minutes to wireless accounts, top-up phone cards and commissary accounts with one reliable service. With Western Union Payments service, you will receive proof of payment in minutes.
The Western Union® Quick Collect® service allows you to send payments for your mortgage loan, auto loan, insurance, credit cards, utilities, commissary account and more on the day they are due and receive proof of payment in minutes!
Send payment for your wireless phone bill, prepay your home phone bill, quickly add minutes to your wireless account or purchase a prepaid long distance card at any participating Agent location.
Allows organizations to accept payments from thousands for participating Western Union Quick Pay locations across the world. Payment confirmation is communicated to them within minutes after the payment has been made by the sender.
Western Union® Reloadable Prepaid MasterCard® Cards are a safe way to carry your money with no long term commitment. Better than a bank account, our reloadable cards allow you to manage your money with ease.
Pay cash at select retail locations for a money transfer you started on the Western Union mobile app. Select “Pay in Cash” as the payment method in the app and then complete your transaction at a select retail location. Other payment methods are handled directly within the app. Download the app from Google Play or the App Store.
By submitting your email address you are agreeing with the Western Union Online Privacy Statement and Terms & Conditions.
Type of Problem - Select - Open Hours not as listed/given Physical Address not as listed/given Location does not provide service as listed/given
After entering your debit card and PIN, please select the Western Union service you’d like to perform.
If you’d like to pay for an order, select the Pay Online Order option, enter your PayCode, and follow the instructions on the ATM to finish your transaction.
If you’d like a refund, select the Refund Online Order option, enter your Refund Code, and follow the instructions on the ATM to finish your transaction.
Visit a Western Union® agent location near Harpers Ferry, United States of America to send or receive money fast.
Lockerley has held a new year show on many years over the past 25 years or more. One of its early producers went on to be come a leading light in Romsey's RAODS group operating out of the old Plaza cinema. After a gap of perhaps more than nine years the show was revived in 2008 to support the Piggy Bank Fund - a group of persons involved in general fundraising who aimed to co-ordiante events through out the year. For the first revived show in 2008 a series of scenes based loosely on the theme of a Winter Fete was produced.
In 2009 we ran Gripe and Prejudice - what happened to Darcy, Jane and all of the Bingham family after 25 years of blissful? marriage.
The New Year Show 2010 took place on the 5th and 6th of February 2009 with a matinee on the afternoon of the 6th. The show was loosely based on a murder mystery set somewhere around 1965 and that allowed us to base the plot lossely arounbd Lockerley's geopgraphy, to plunder a number of well known songs from musicalss and to set the costumes easily.
Future New Year Shows await someone with the time to devote to directing and producing the show - there's no shortage of willing bodies for stage appearances and technicals but the direction ... that's what is needed. If you would like to take the task on contact the web site admin using the form below and the wheels may begin turning
Reviving India is a youth Club formed for the benefit and upliftment of students who want to learn and utilize their talent for their own good and recognition.
LIS technology has taken initiative for the youth in the form of youth club i.e Reviving India and their wings.
Reviving India aspires to spread its principal of ‘Think what you Do & Do what you think’ among all and serve the youth. Reviving India rigorously attempts to create an open and unbiased platform for the students where they can freely give their Ideas, brainstorm those Ideas, experience power of open discussion, get guidance from experts coming from round the globe, get full opportunity to implement/develop, face and learn from real-time challenges, achieve the aspiration with which they had begun.
1) To abolish any condition of time, money, age, experience that can keep a person restricted from doing or learning what he aspires to.
2) To break free from the conventional ways: there are some society defined ways of achieving a particular proficiency; certain benchmarks created by people which if not fulfilled, then people do not trust your talent. So, we want to break free from those methods.
3) To slightly shift the education system’s interest to a more relevant and close to reality context which not just gives hollow knowledge but can help in future by making youth experience that knowledge.
Nothing is stagnant in Reviving India, it’s all about changing the old blocked pipes of the education system of the country that superficially are producing the graduated minds but under the layer its also degrading and suppressing the freedom to think out of bounds and innovate. Innovation is not just the right of the experienced or a big technology giant, also any smallest and simplest of improvisation of existing system is counted in Innovation.
All this can’t be treated in one day with a swing. A lot of restructuring is required from all ends. Reviving India is just a small atom in this big network trying to lend support to the youngsters. But, it cannot make any difference until unless students themselves choose to be the beneficiaries and refuse to become the slave of the system.
It is the robotics cum electronics wing of Reviving India. RRC caters to the fields of electronics electrical automation robotics embedded system etc. Since all these fields or technologies involve hardware components in large amount, RRC has its prime aim to bring students closer to hands-on practice. All these sectors require greater proficiency and in-depth knowledge that can come only through rigorous hands-on practice. Also, going along the steps of reviving India to bridge the gap between education provided in the colleges to the education/skills required in the Industries/firms, RRC also serves to reduce this prevailing difference. RRC always strive to make its members more corporate-desirable. Though, not limiting to this RRC also provides an open platform to all the members where they can put their ideas or find right direction to carry their Idea. RRC regulates all the measures to ensure that each person’s idea get its deserved place. And for this it has launched various schemes or programs to give support to talented people. Thus, RRC helps those who want to learn as well those who want to develop, with Innovation remaining as the background score of the club.
BBC is established as a club for software and Information Technology. It attends to the needs of students involved in computer science field. Though there exists a fast dynamic in this industry which is always growing and developing, still not everyone is capable to harness their application ideas in a fruitful way. Also, there is a constant cutting edge competition with software applications becoming the next door thing now a day. Automation is largely dependent on the software application, thus it’s a great deal to be able to make one. At BBC, people will get all the needed guidance and support to launch their Ideas and also a wide & open learning platform where there is no boundary for innovation.
BMC is the mechanical and civil engineering based club of Reviving India. This field has the most opportunities owing to the fast paced development around the country and in fact overseas. But, this field has equally maximum no of challenges when compare to the other fields. There is shortage of companies that can take freshers straight out of college, to work for them as proficiency and accurate skills are highly required. So, RevIn puts double efforts for this field members to keep up with the advancements of the Industry. BMC takes care of the fact that a person studying this domain also makes his bread & butter in this domain. Because, it is seen that people though take these domains in academics but coming towards their academic end they are unable to find any prospect for them. Thus, eventually they loose hope and move forward to other sectors such as IT. Especially, this is the case with people coming out of mediocre college or universities. This is a big challenge and Rev In with the help of BMC is trying every inch to change the scenario and bring a more welcoming environment for new people in the Industry by making them technically fit for it.
Kvlt45 is dedicated to promoting blackened punk bands and albums that might otherwise go unnoticed. Support the bands you like in anyway you can whether it be buying their records, wearing their shirts, catching their shows, getting them drunk, or letting them sleep at your house when they roll through your hood. If you're a band and would like to see your music on this blog, send me an email. And if you're a band with a bad strategy and is playing blackened punk for the money, email me and I'll gladly take your music the fuck off this blog.
Kensington Palace in London is a working Royal residence. Of great historical importance, Kensington Palace was the favorite residence of successive sovereigns until 1760. It was also the birthplace and childhood home of Queen Victoria. Today Kensington Palace accommodates the offices and private apartments of a number of members of the Royal Family. Although managed by Historic Royal Palaces, the Palace is furnished with items from the Royal Collection.
Today Kensington contains the offices and London residences of The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, The Duke and Duchess of Kent and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. Princess Margaret, Diana, Princess of Wales and Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester used to live in Kensington Palace and have their offices there.
Kensington Palace stands at the western end of Kensington Gardens and is perhaps the finest building in the Borough. Originally called Nottingham House, it passed into royal ownership in 1689 when it was acquired by William and Mary.
After William III’s death in 1702 the palace became the residence of Queen Anne. Wren designed the Orangery for her and a 30-acre garden was laid out by Henry Wise. Further extensive alterations were carried out for George I and William Kent painted the elaborate trompe l’oeil ceilings and staircases. The last monarch to live at Kensington Palace was George II, whose consort, Caroline of Ansbach, influenced the development of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. For her, Charles Bridgman created the Serpentine, the Basin and Grand Vista and the Broad Walk.
Early one morning in June 1837 Princess Victoria, who was occupying apartments in Kensington Palace, awoke to the news that she was Queen of England. She immediately moved to Buckingham Palace. Kensington Palace first opened to the public in 1912 with a display of relics and objects relating to the City of London. It attracted 13,000 visitors in just one day. The museum pieces now form part of the collection at the Museum of London. Visitors today can see the State Apartments, the Royal Ceremonial Dress Collection that includes outfits from the 18th century to the present day, the Orangey and sunken gardens.
The palace was the London home of Diana, Princess of Wales and is still home to several other members of the Royal Family. The State Apartments and the Court Dress Collection are open to the public and highlights of a visit include the recently restored Kings Apartments and a magnificent collection of paintings. The Court Dress Collection includes a fabulous and very rare court mantua made sometime between 1750-53 and the ‘exploded’ gentleman’s outfit – everything from underclothes to fine lace cuffs and all part of the elaborate costume worn to Court by an 18th century gentleman. The Orangey Cafe adjacent to the Palace serves light lunches and snacks throughout the year.
Please understand the Music Song Hits doesn't host any files! We're just a search engine like google.
Free dating or free online dating site like tagged just lack of the top ten most visited sites like tagged tender is a social networking profiles for android with the rise of the best apps like yocutie 100% free plus size dating, dating free dating site, and 100 communities. Are you looking for the sites like meetme for online dating then you must try this list of site like meetme 2018 where you can find new peoples to chat at websites like meetme you can date. Free dating sites like meetme okcupid datingokcupid is another dating sperm slang application just like badoo or tinder that allows you to interact with free dating sites like meetme skout meetme other people who are mutually curious.
Ilikeyou is a great place to meet men and women if you're looking for a person to chat with or free dating you've come to the right place thousands of men and women are chatting around the clock meet new people find out who likes you like people and find out who likes you browse people and mark the ones you like. It dating sites like meetme you to contain for then, message wish for headed, and force sigster the app for jammy you block neat, found to them, and then individual dating if enough neat fly you block neat, found to them, and then individual dating if enough neat fly. Us mid amateur mid-amateur, often called the mid-am for short, is the leading free dating sites like meetme annual golf tournament in the united states for post-college amateur golfers, organized.
Flirtcom is a dating site for singles with a romantically ambrosian atmosphere, oriented on flirting and quick date arrangements here anyone can break the ice with a local person they fall for at once. Finally, a dating site you can trust we are the only site who hand verify each and every member via a quick and painless webcam verification video with would like to meet, everyone is who they say they are that's our promise sorry looks like we don't support your country yet. 11 sites like meetmecom the list of alternatives websites similar to meetme was updated aug 2018 there best meet apps is a history of all activites on meetme in our activity log is the average revenue truly this is easily the largest social networking site in the world and one of the most widely read other people stories and share your own. Tagged launched in 2004 and it has since evolved into one of the world's most engaging social networks combined with its sister brand hi5, there are over 300 million registered members on the platform, which focuses on connecting people for friendship or dating through features like browse, meet me and the pets game. Meetme verified account @meetme meetme® is the best place to meet new people we are the social gathering place for the mobile generation.
The tools that meetme - chat and meet new people and its corresponding website use to help teens meet people often go against best practices for internet safety and privacy you can find other users within a few miles of where you live or secretly admire other users. Whereas using more traditional dating sites can sometimes feel like a chore, using meetme feels like an amusing diversion and best of all, it's all free to join, new members can sign in with their facebook accounts or register with their e-mail addresses. Alternatives to meetme free dating sites like meetme for all platforms with any licensebadoo is the app that shows you the people nearby, and even better, the people you've bumped into in real life okcupidokcupid free online dating the fastest growing free dating site for singleshot or not. By clicking sign up free you are agreeing to the terms, and to receive meetme emailyou are also agreeing that others will be able to see info you provide on your profile. Meet, chat, and go live on meetme meetme helps you find new people nearby who share your interests and want to chat now it’s fun, friendly, and free.
Try international dating to communicate with attractive singles in online chat make your move on dating com and boost your options with worldwide dating your chat room awaits. Chat-clients dating location-based matchmaking meet-people nearby-chat online-dating social-network meetme was added by charleyboy in feb 2015 and the latest update was made in aug 2017 the list of alternatives was updated aug 2018 there is a history of all activites on meetme in our activity log. Our meet me feature allows you to view local men and women you may be interested in meeting create your profile here and find singles who are looking to meet other quality singles for dating, love, and a relationship username / email password check mail reset password pof uses cookies to measure site performance and usage, provide you. Meetme's tagline, chat and meet new people, says it all although not marketed as a dating app, meetme does have a match feature where users can secretly admire others, and its large user base means fast-paced communication and guaranteed attention.
Dating sites like meetme - join the leader in footing services and find a date today join and search if you are a middle-aged woman looking to have a good time dating man half your age, this article is for you find a man in my area free to join to find a woman and meet a man online who is single and hunt for you. Highligths badoo is the best chat and dating site ever” suggest it to anyone trying to find friends around there area” is a useful social network for meet people near you” this is a fun whit lots of beautiful women to talk with” badoo is in fact a great social site for new friends” it's amazing application for making new friends around u wherever u are. The appearance and evolution of internet make online dating become common thanks to online dating, man and woman can contact, talk and meet people by using emails, mobile phone, facebook, and through websites.
Meetme is another website like badoo that lets you meet new people online their chat rooms are feature-rich, providing you with a truly enjoyable experience meetme is one of the best free dating sites online and they even have a mobile app that be can downloaded on android, ios and windows phones. Official site tinder is older women for dating a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to like sites similar to meetme (swipe right) or dislike (swipe left 2018 update for random chat sites without ban chatous is a good website like omegle where you can meet people on a random chat. A super smart dating system that helps you suggest and plan a date with members in just a few clicks really simple integration movies, music & holidays are a great ice breakers so add yours.
Mingle2 is the place to meet harrods creek singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in harrods creek, kentucky our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in harrods creek looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. If you are searching for women seeking men and looking to hookup in harrods creek, sign up today bookofmatchescom™ provides harrods creek sexy dating ads and sexy dates whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads. Find single women in new washington, in search for your match in the hoosier state and find online personals in indiana this free indiana online dating site has millions of members and thousands of indiana singles.
Meet single asian women in crestwood are you ready to find a single asian woman for a kindred spirit romance or do you just want to meet someone new to go out on a date with in crestwood tomorrow night. Harrods, the world's most famous department store online with the latest men's and women's designer fashion, luxury gifts, food and accessories. Find private, luxury detox centers in harrods creek, ky even though comfortable and private detox programs offer treatment and amenities of the highest qualtiy and give you an excellent start on your recovery journey, there is a substantial cost of undergoing detox at these facilities.
Harrods creek's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in harrods creek with mingle2's harrods creek dating services find a girlfriend or lover in harrods creek, or just have fun flirting online with harrods creek single girls.
Meet thousands of single men and women from washington join our site today and meet fun men and women near you looking to meet quality singles from washington click on any of the cities in washington below to meet members looking to chat with you. I have children, and sometimes they live at home i'm single, white / caucasian, but i like the funny woman i'm looking for you, if you are a lesbian, single and clever girl, who likes plus size woman.
Find single women in prospect, ky find a date to a bluegrass concert in the bluegrass state of kentucky whether you're searching for casual kentucky dating or serious kentucky relationships, matchcom has millions of smart, sexy and attractive singles meant just for you.
If you’re looking to date asian singles in the uk, you’ve come to the right place as the uk’s best known dating site, we’ve already matched lots of people and you could be nextit’s free to register here on our asian dating page, create your profile and start browsing the profiles of local asian singles immediately. Free dating sites such as dateinasia are often more hazardous than a subscription site such as chinese cupid, but the reality is that there are good and bad ladies on all of the asian dating sites chinese ladies in particular often post airbrushed photos of themselves on dating sites. Dateinasiacom is a dating site, but you can also find friends here our focus is on asia, but we are not just an asian dating site anyone can join our site regardless of nationality and ethnicity this site is for people living in asia (asians or non-asians) and people with a special interest for and/or attachment to asia. 100% free asian dating site usa asian dating usa - now here at free dating america if you love asian men and women, then this group is for you use our totally free matchmaking service for asian men and women with powerful dating tools at your finger tips at no cost, try your luck today at america's 100% free dating site. Meet asian girls and men online free chat for free with asian singles online today our web site offers unlimited access for you to search our personals ads and picture profiles plus send free messages and use of the live chat rooms.
Asia friendfinder is the largest online internet asian dating and social networking site to meet single asian women and asian men across the world we are the first asian dating web site catering specifically to asians. International asian dating - trusted by over 25 million singles asiandating is part of the well-established cupid media network that operates over 30 reputable niche dating sites with a commitment to connecting singles worldwide, we bring asia to you. Asian dating websites are plentiful, but if you are serious about finding true love, matchcom is the best possible choice matchcom members are looking for serious relationships and a truly compatible partner. Asiandating (formerly asian euro) is the main asian-focused site for the cupid media network what is unique about this network is that it shares a user database with several dozen other niche dating sites, such as chineselovelinks, filipinaheart, japancupid, singaporelovelinks, thailovelinks, and vietnamcupid.
Dating with beautiful women from philippines (manila, cebu, davao, quezon, caloocan) and locally (us, canada, uk, australia, new zealand) through our site recognized by experts one of the most efficient. Meet asian singles globally your world your love meet thousands of asian singles worldwide. Find perfect chinese women or other asian ladies at our asia dating site asiandatecom with the help of our advanced search form women from all asian countries including china, japan, thailand, etc are waiting to meet you on asiandatecom. Eastmeeteast is a successful platform for creating happy, passionate, and fulfilling relationships thanks to eastmeeteast’s high matching ratio among the asian population in north america, 66,945 individuals have found partners through our site so far.
Asian dating with elitesingles: successful online dating people all over the country are turning to online dating as a modern, viable tool for meeting like-minded singles with a shared ethnic background or cultural heritage. White men asian women dating site 10k likes meet white men who love asian women, and asian women who love white men create your profile today at. Mail order brides - why asian women make the best wives if the only thing you have ever wanted is to find your dream partner or lover online, then you can trust that yourbridecom will provide you with a list of the best dating websites.
Asian women hoping to meet someone like you are just a few clicks away, so register today in order to meet asian women online through matchcom, you must first post a profile describing who you are and what you're looking for in a date. In dating sites black men have similar response rates by asian women to asian men and with all the fucked sterotypes of black guys thats very scary outlook for asian men but one thing i admire of asian men is that they never bitch or moan or feel a sense of entitlement of their women like other races. About asianfriendlyorg asian friendly is the best free asian dating site with many new members joining everyday we make it easy for western (usa/uk) men and asian women to date in asia.
Asian american dating dilemmas (and how to overcome them) in the online dating world, there are two universal “truths” that have been commonly accepted one, asian women are the most desirable and receive the most responses across all ethnicities.
Welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with asian singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single asian men and women in your area one of the largest online dating apps for asian singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature adults.
Online dating service cherryfuncom gives you possibilities to find asian teens from all over the asia feel free to search for teens from asia on our dating site and view the their pictures this is the best place to find a teen you are looking for. However, over the years, i’ve identified the best dating sites to meet filipino girls online whenever i’m looking for a girlfriend experience or just a nightstand related: what i have learned by dating asian women online my thoughts about filipino dating sites. Unlike other asian dating sites, flirtcom offers an extensive range of both single asian men and women, and also an abundance of dating options from now on you don't have to choose between a healthy relationship and a dream partner who will sweep you off your feet.
The easiest way to find us is by accessing Mountain View Avenue from either Hover or Main Street (also US 287).
Turn east and drive past the hospital on your north. Turn north on Sunset Street and we are the second building on the west side of Sunset.
Turn west and drive a mile or so to Sunset and turn north as above. Main Street may be accessed from I-25 by driving west after getting off at exit 240 on highway 119.
LPSM now has a secure way for you to communicate with the office within our patient portal (red button at the top right of all our pages)! You can email general questions or any of the listed topics:
Simply log into the portal and press the “send message” button located at the top right of the page. If we have your email address you will automatically be sent an email with log in information. If you have a password and foget it you may request another. Unfortunately, there is no way to attach files in the email in a secure manner at this time. You may use the email forms@longspeakfamilypractice.com for information you choose to send non-securely or you may fax forms to 303.772.8207.
Again, our email is not intended to be used for questions about your health – it is for administrative items only. We will NOT reply to medical questions sent through the portal.
Perfect bodied tattooed blond MILF Devon is dangerously sexy. This tattooed beauty with nice boobs gives head and gets her
Tags: renata has an incredible ass, he sucks her small but hard dick with his sexy mouth and then fucks her tight shaved anus hard in cowboy and reverse cowboy position as she rides ,
Tags: watch alexandre pernambuco and his friend doing a bisexual foursome act in outdoors, the tranny ,
Tags: madlin is a horny brunette milf and she sucks cock like a pro, the guy is laying on the floor and she licks and sucks his dick before ridding it in reverse cowgirl position, this slut loves it in the mouth and ass and her tight hot anus is getting stuffed w,
This naughty adult baby fairy-haired not only sucks a dick, but she rides one, too. And the best part of
Brunette Mandy Muse with bubbly booty and smooth pussy enjoys hard dick sucking in steamy oral action with lucky guy
Tags: kendra lust is really full with lust as she takes the guy, her cunt begs for semen and that pretty mouth is moaning with desi,
Disclaimer: longxxx.net has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. Our site is a automatic adult search engine focused on tube videos. We don`t own, produce or host any clips. All of the porn movies displayed on our site are hosted by other websites that are not under our control. The linked xxx clips are automaticaly added into our system by our spider script. Thumbnails are automatically generated from the clips. We automaticaly delete clips if it`s was deleted at the sourse site. By your request we can remove thumbnail and link to the clip, but not the original video file. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing links.
I've signed up for a challenge on Paper Arts Yahoo where each month you do your own interpretation of a character from Alice in Wonderland or Through the Looking Glass. We upload an image of our work to Paper Artz Blog. This month it is 'The Queen of Hearts'.
Kyla, I absolutely love your Queen of Hearts ... it's fantastic. Took me a while to come visit your blog again ...
Hi Kyla, I like your ATC of the 'Queen of Hearts'. Your doodling is wonderful and I'm pleased that I have the red one that you did. Are these a one only ATC? Nice to have seen you on Sunday again at the swap.
Hello ... anyone home!!! Like I can talk. Have you been creating anything amazing lately??? I haven't really, although I did make house ATCs for the swap and I've done my Apron one's for the next swap. Now to get onto my Alice challenge pages.
Fantastic creation you have just done and your other work to is awesome. I think I am going to have to check back here constantley. I have uploaded your twinchie from CSR 2010 to my blog if you want to check it out. Hope this meets your approval
I was a scrapbooker until i started in on ATC's! They have now taken over my life. I am loving exploring the world of mixed media, altered books etc...
object with the shape which circulates and the center of gravity. it is an experimental spinning-top. the material is black plating in metal.
You must be logged in to post comments on this site - please either log in or if you are not registered click here to signup
a mental condition, present from early childhood, characterized by great difficulty in communicating and forming relationships with other people and in using language and abstract concepts.
I might be asking the same question. I saw the site after seeing fyksen nickname appearing in most records of server I play on
Fyks, bro I'm last day in Prague and this is my 1st day w free internet, if u wanna connect telll meeeh! I'll be back at 21:00 for check!
Tomorrow will be announced the winner of Challenge #8, sorry for the delays, lots of work these days.
we started with some squat jumps... push ups, walking lunges/back lunges, burpees, russian twists, mountain climbers, sit ups/crunches and kb clean & press/kb swings
Archiv June (1) April (2) March (4) February (2) January (6) December (14) November (10) October (10) September (11) August (10) July (6) June (3) May (2) April (8) March (5) February (2) January (5) December (4) November (4) October (6) September (3) August (6) July (7) June (3) May (5) April (5) March (7) February (9) January (8) December (6) November (8) October (19) September (13) August (15) July (14) June (10) May (9) April (12) March (20) February (4) January (13) December (21) November (18) October (30) September (26) August (17) July (21) June (22) May (15) April (15) March (22) February (18) January (10) December (9) November (5) October (7) September (4) August (7) July (11) June (7) May (7) April (8) March (5) February (8) January (4) December (10) November (10) October (8) September (11)
Diy Basement Wall Panels. Diy Basement Wall Panels is one of wonderful image for reference on lostark.co. We present this image with the best to you, equipped with a HD resolution 2288 x 1712 Pixel which will make you comfortable and give you the details of Diy Basement Wall Panels.You can save Diy Basement Wall Panels for free to your devices. If you want to Save Diy Basement Wall Panels with original size you can click the Download link.
rustic patchwork quilts cabin quilt sets bird comforters print set,rustic patchwork bedding quilt sets handmade quilts for sale whispering pines,rustic patchwork quilts bedding pines quilt sets,bedding sets rustic plaid comforter by cabin patchwork quilt whispering pines,king rustic patchwork quilt cabin quilts off sharp bedding,rustic patchwork quilts 3 piece floral vines pattern quilt set whispering pines bedding,rustic cabin patchwork quilt lodge star set king sets,whispering pines rustic patchwork quilt bedding king sets quilts full size of interior pretty country,rustic cabin patchwork quilt bedding baby crib rag by the laughing blackbird on quilts,highlands rustic wildlife patchwork quilt bedding quilts cabin king.
Chosen CD OF THE WEEK (12/16/17) on "The Midnight Special", WFMT's legendary, nationally syndicated radio program out of Chicago.
Both albums available now at CD Baby, iTunes, amazon.com, most digital outlets and through LOUIS' STORE
"Very fine...and sometimes subversive tales of living and observations on a life... His lyrics are expansive..." (Cadence Magazine)
"...These piano works [on "Act One"] taken together have the fleeting, transportive power of études by Chopin or Debussy; I find myself listening to them again and again…" (Deadline | Hollywood)
affiliate marketing karachi affiliate marketing product research | cpa affiliate marketing without a website best definition of affiliate marketing
There are quite literally hundreds of clever ways to make money online. From taking online surveys, to renting or selling your old clothes, flipping your iPhone to someone in a different country, and even buying low-cost products locally, just to resell them for a higher price on Amazon. There’s truly no shortage of unique ways to make money online.
With apps being constantly developed, competent app developers are in high demand. Again, if you have the experience or skills to create successful apps then this could be something you could end up working on as a full-time freelancer. Check out adverts for developers on Toptal, a higher paying jobs site for experienced freelancers wanting to make money online.
Since time is the most precious commodity on this earth, invest the time at the front-end so that you can reap the benefits on the back-end. This means putting in a bit of sweat equity and not getting paid today. Rather, you'll get paid somewhere down the road. And you'll continue getting paid whether you keep building that passive income stream or you stop. It's obvious that this is the preferred route, but clearly the road less traveled.
This isn’t to scare you off. I simply want you to know that this guide is going to focus solely on ways to make real, sustainable extra income online. Not just a few bucks. I want to share all the mistakes I've made that got me to where I am now so that you don’t have to go through them, and can build a successful online source of income for yourself.
You will need to ensure that you adhere to a few principles when doing this. You need excellent photos, so investing in a good camera is well worth it here. You also need to ensure a meticulous description of the product, new or used. People appreciate the attention to detail and it will go a long way when trying to sell anything through these bustling online hubs.
There are many ways to get people onto your list. Lead magnets are one such resource. For example, you can build ebooks, checklists and cheat sheets. But you can also do content upgrades, such as PDF versions of an article with added resources in them, four-part video training series, and more. Think about your audience and what you can offer them to better serve them, then treat them with some respect and you'll eventually reap the rewards.
In 1994, Tobin launched a beta version of PC Flowers & Gifts on the Internet in cooperation with IBM, who owned half of Prodigy.[6] By 1995 PC Flowers & Gifts had launched a commercial version of the website and had 2,600 affiliate marketing partners on the World Wide Web. Tobin applied for a patent on tracking and affiliate marketing on January 22, 1996, and was issued U.S. Patent number 6,141,666 on Oct 31, 2000. Tobin also received Japanese Patent number 4021941 on Oct 5, 2007, and U.S. Patent number 7,505,913 on Mar 17, 2009, for affiliate marketing and tracking.[7] In July 1998 PC Flowers and Gifts merged with Fingerhut and Federated Department Stores.[8]
If you have a knack for organization, you can make money online as a virtual assistant helping people to keep their days in order. A virtual assistant will do everyinthing from bookkeeping to research, database entry, booking travel, and managing email. It can also be an awesome way to rub shoulders with some very important people, build up your professional network, and of course grow another stream of income. You can find great gigs on UpWork, Fiverr, Indeed, and Remote.co.
If you have your own eCommerce store, social media is the perfect platform to showcase your products. Demonstrate your products in use and tell your social following why they need to buy your merchandise. Most social media channels allow you to add ‘buy’ buttons your pages, allowing your followers to easily click through to your site and make a purchase.
Merchants receiving a large percentage of their revenue from the affiliate channel can become reliant on their affiliate partners. This can lead to affiliate marketers leveraging their new-found status to receive higher commissions and better deals with their advertisers. Whether it’s CPA, CPL, or CPC commission structures, brands are willing to pay, and affiliate marketers are in the driver’s seat.
There are several to choose from to make money online. At kgbanswers.com and JustAnswer.com, you become an expert after taking a brief test. At these websites, a customer asks a question and receives an answer from an "expert." At kgbanswers, answers come via your smartphone. At JustAnswers, answers come via email or text message. Both offer subscription and per-question alternatives.
Affiliate marketing is also called "performance marketing", in reference to how sales employees are typically being compensated. Such employees are typically paid a commission for each sale they close, and sometimes are paid performance incentives for exceeding objectives.[21] Affiliates are not employed by the advertiser whose products or services they promote, but the compensation models applied to affiliate marketing are very similar to the ones used for people in the advertisers' internal sales department.
Do you see all of those articles, tutorials and guides all over the Internet? Somebody wrote every one of them! If you have decent writing ability (no, you don’t need a journalism degree!), and knowledge in a few specific topic areas, you can be one of those writers. It’s an opportunity to make money online and without ever leaving your home. It’s also the kind of venture that can start out as a small side business, but grow into a full-time career.
If you’re a musician, writer, artist, tech nerd, pundit, or can produce any type of audio, video, or text worth consuming, you may be able to sell some stuff in Apple’s flagship iTunes store. By selling your work here, you’re able to stand next to the marketing clout of big business. You can make a healthy living off the iTunes store, and there’s no better time than now. Learn more about iTunes with this lifehack.
Flexoffers is an affiliate marketing network that can pay you faster than others in the industry. It has more than 10 years of experience in the field. While they do not offer anything that is neither groundbreaking nor revolutionary, they do provide a solid array of tools and features that will surely aid you in your campaigns. In addition to the fast payouts, Flexoffers lets you choose from thousands of affiliate programs to promote, offers various content delivery formats, and more.
Best Forex Partners (BFP) was established in 2011 by a group of international financiers and global online marketing professionals who saw a need to change the nature of affiliate marketing for the better. In a few short years they combined their over 60 years of combined financial and marketing experience to create a new way to affiliate market and have never looked back!
In 2006, the most active sectors for affiliate marketing were the adult gambling, retail industries and file-sharing services.[17]:149–150 The three sectors expected to experience the greatest growth are the mobile phone, finance, and travel sectors.[17] Soon after these sectors came the entertainment (particularly gaming) and Internet-related services (particularly broadband) sectors. Also several of the affiliate solution providers expect to see increased interest from business-to-business marketers and advertisers in using affiliate marketing as part of their mix.[17]:149–150
Jump up ^ Shashank SHEKHAR (2009-06-29). "Online Marketing System: Affiliate marketing". Feed Money.com. Archived from the original on 2011-05-15. Retrieved 2011-04-20. During November 1994, CDNOW released its BuyWeb program. With this program CDNOW was the first non-adult website to launch the concept of an affiliate or associate program with its idea of click-through purchasing.
Often, what happens is that we run into unscrupulous Internet Marketers (IMs) who have less-than altruistic intentions of extracting money from you rather than helping you to make it. However, this isn't something new. People have been falling for networking marketing, pyramid schemes, and affiliate marketing scams since before the start of the net.
28. Subscription – If you think of something valuable (newsletter, online magazine, etc.) that you can consistently offer on a certain basis (weekly, monthly, etc.), you may want to offer a subscription service. This could be a fee charged each time your product is sent out or on a monthly basis. Either way, this has to be something that your customers can only get by subscribing to your website.
One of the easiest ways to make money online is to register for paid survey websites where you can earn money for taking surveys. You can also search online for “website testing jobs” and get paid to record yourself testing websites. If you want something that pays better, become an online tutor or start an online freelance writing business. For more tips from our reviewer, like what kind of items you can sell online to make money, keep reading!
the best affiliate marketing programs best sites for learning affiliate marketing | amazon affiliate marketing vs clickbank marketing affiliate program sites
In short, both the affiliate marketer and the merchant will benefit in this program as the merchant will sell more goods and the affiliate marketer will get a commission for every product bought through his/her website. Many affiliate marketers earn a nice monthly income from selling other peoples’ products! Later, YOU TOO could be producing your very own products and collaborating with one of the top 10 affiliate programs below to enlist an army of bloggers and website owners to help you become financially free.
Each item purchased through your Amazon links give you a commission. It doesn’t take high volume traffic to achieve results, either. I began making money with the program when I only had 1,000 hits per month on my site. They can apply your earnings to your Amazon account balance, issue you a check, or direct deposit into your bank account. If you love Amazon, you’ll love their associate’s program. Click here for another Lifehack dedicated to Amazon Associates.
Another seemingly free site you can make money from is Wikipedia. People who say it’s easy to edit Wikipedia have clearly never tried editing Wikipedia – it’s a pain. Thankfully it’s a pain for companies as well, so many of them are willing to pay editors to assist them in the editing process. You’ll become a bounty hunter in a way, choosing your own lines to cross and keep. If editing is something you like to do, and you’re willing to put in the work it takes to learn Wikipedia’s dispute process, roll up your sleeves and try this one out.
No matter how good your marketing skills are, you’ll make less money on a bad product than you will on a valuable one. Take the time to study the demand for a product before promoting it. Make sure to research the seller with care before teaming up. Your time is worth a lot, and you want to be sure you’re spending it on a product that is profitable and a seller you can believe in.
Sign up for a reputable affiliate network: Aside from Amazon, there are dozens of large reputable affiliate networks, such as Share-A-Sale, Clickbank, and Skimlinks, that specialize in connecting you with merchants who are looking for affiliates to sell their products. They charge relatively low commission fees for the privilege of connecting you with merchants, and the merchants on these sites tend to offer much higher commission percentages or set dollar amount payouts.
2nd tier. If you are an affiliate for a particular program and you refer others to sign up for that affiliate program, a 2nd tier program will pay you when the affiliates you referred make sales. For example, I am an affiliate for Ultimate Bundles. If you join their affiliate program via my 2nd tier affiliate link here. I will get a small percentage of any sales you make going forward.
Thanks to the internet there are now a wide assortment of ways to make money online. So if you are stuck in a dead-end job and would like to change your life around then this guide will provide actionable strategies to enable you to do so. Whether you are looking for ways to make a bit of extra money, or create a full-time income stream, there are plenty of opportunities to do so, all online and from the comfort of your own home.
When creating a membership site, always offer different plans and pricing tiers to appeal to your different categories of audience. Access to specific types of content is then dependent on the plan selected by a member. Membership fees can be a one-off payment or a repeat subscription. And you can even sell products on your membership site to boost your income.
Some good tips. I fully agree that it’s all about trust and it is always good to recommend an affiliate product that you have actually used. Why risk your reputation on a product you don’t know if it’s any good or not? If people buy one dodgy product from your site, they will probably never make that mistake again. That it why my blog strongly advocates ethical affiliate marketing. It’s the best long term stragey for affiliate marketing success.
Affiliate marketing is an ideal solution for those looking to gain control of their own income by focusing on performance-based revenue options. Working in tandem with a seller, a motivated affiliate marketer will be able to achieve a passive income from the comfort of their home without worrying about producing their own product or service. Although the success of the job does depend on the affiliate’s marketing skills, it can prove to be an effective way to meet your income goals as either a primary career or a profitable second job.
I think Clickbank although popular was the hardest affiliate program to make money. There seems to be high refund percentage on there, most people just buy the digital products, download it and just ask for a refund which i think is ridiculous. There were weeks where i saw a few sales only to see it reversed in the following month due to refund. I have given up on them
In case of the latter, you will have to spend money on domain name and server hosting space that can cost you between Rs 3,000-Rs 5,000 a year. Self-hosted blogs have an added advantage that it allows you to customise elements and functionality of your website. In case of the former, you need to make peace with the tools and plug-ins made available by the service provider.
One may sign up on websites like Vedantu.com, MyPrivateTutor.com, BharatTutors.com, tutorindia.net as an online tutor by creating a profile, and listing the subjects or classes you want to teach, how much experience you have, what your qualifications are, etc. Some of the platforms may offer flexible and convenient time to work as an online tutor.
FriendFinder is an adult-friendly network of dating websites that has a terrific affiliate marketing program, both in terms of customer service and commission rates. Because they rely heavily on affiliates to recruit new members, they treat their affiliates like true business partners. They have a solid reputation for payment and security, and have frequent special offers. Checking into your affiliate account at FriendFinder is always a fun experience, and often a profitable one.
Active income requires your time and you can only produce as much money as your time allows. For example, a doctor or a lawyer who charge high per-hour or per-consultation fees and make exorbitant amounts of cash are stifled by the amount of time they have in a day. We all have the same 24 hours. Not one person on this earth gets more time than the next. It’s the greatest equalizer in life. When the time you work directly correlates to your income, it’s called active income.
Information may be abridged and therefore incomplete. This document/information does not constitute, and should not be considered a substitute for, legal or financial advice. Each financial situation is different, the advice provided is intended to be general. Please contact your financial or legal advisors for information specific to your situation.
Since you’re essentially a freelancer, you get ultimate independence in setting your own goals, redirecting your path when you feel so inclined, choosing the products that interest you, and even determining your own hours. This convenience means you can diversify your portfolio if you like or focus solely on simple and straightforward campaigns. You’ll also be free from company restrictions and regulations as well as ill-performing teams.
Watch them. How are other content creators in your niche utilizing advertising? What types of ads do they use? What are they promoting? What do they talk about repeatedly (if you keep seeing the same affiliate product show up again and again, there’s a good chance they’re making good money from it)? If you see a product or service they talk about that jogs your memory and you can ethically promote it too, find affiliate information by the methods described above.
Financial services provider, Wells Fargo, launched their affiliate marketing program with the goal of expanding credit card acquisition beyond current customers of the bank. Rakuten Marketing designed an affiliate prospecting program that focused on building strong relationships with publishers and educating them on the products offered. This approach was aligned with creating compelling consumer-facing offers that would appeal to a publisher’s audience.
Creating a jobs board website can be another profitable venture. The ‘jobs’ field can be quite saturated, so it is important to find a niche that is still crying out for a jobs board website. Monetize this type of site by charging businesses to list their jobs on your site. Those searching for jobs could also be charged a fee to access the higher paying job adverts.
22. Advertising – This is definitely the most old-school way of earning money with a blog. It’s also starting to become the least common way. You can sell advertising spots directly on your site or you can sign up with a company like Google AdSense or Media.net. Either way, you won’t see a whole lot of money from ads until your views are well into the thousands each day.
In the last couple of years, several high-profile brands and influencers (Warner Brothers and the Kardashians, to name a few) have come under scrutiny for failing to disclose paid advertisements. Along with this enhanced focus from the FTC comes the new General Protection Data Regulation (GDPR) regulations, ensuring affiliate marketers will be more focused on compliance and transparency than ever before.
"I have followed Michelle’s blog for years. Her blog posts are incredibly informative and never disappoint. Making Sense of Affiliate Marketing is no different. The detailed strategies she shares in her course can help any blogger implement affiliate marketing. Within two days I received my first ever affiliate sale! From then I was hooked. The Mastermind alone is worth the cost of the course and the immediate access to an affiliate marketing expert is priceless! I highly recommend Making Sense of Affiliate Marketing." - McKinzie Bean, Momsmakecents.com
Also referred as Commission Junction, CJ is a large affiliate network offer affiliate programs for a wide range of popular and well-established organizations. This program acts as the intermediary between the merchants who will provide the products to sell and the affiliates who will do the marketing. This program is very advantageous as it provides very many affiliate programs at the same place.
A great point you made there though. Too many people try to take on too much at once and end up spreading themselves too thin – trying to conquer all the niches at the same time. Marketers also do this with advertising. Instead of sticking with one platform until they are generating a consistent number of leads they will jump from platform to platform, in essence chucking a load of crap at a wall and seeing what sticks.
The concept of affiliate marketing on the Internet was conceived of, put into practice and patented by William J. Tobin, the founder of PC Flowers & Gifts. Launched on the Prodigy Network in 1989, PC Flowers & Gifts remained on the service until 1996. By 1993, PC Flowers & Gifts generated sales in excess of $6 million per year on the Prodigy service. In 1998, PC Flowers and Gifts developed the business model of paying a commission on sales to the Prodigy Network.[4][5]
Find a profitable niche. Starting with your interests, write down as many niche ideas as you can. Think about topics people might search online. Ideas include passions (like surfing or body building), fears (like spiders or speaking in front of crowds) and problems (like getting out of debt). Do keyword research to see it others are interested in the topic. Find out if a domain name is available that matches the keyword 100 percent. [7]
When was the last time you went to a new restaurant without looking it up online beforehand? Or bought a product that didn’t have at least a few 5-star reviews? It seems like more and more our world is run on reviews. And you can make money online by writing them. Get started by creating accounts on sites like Vindale research, Software Judge, FameBit, CrowdTap, Influence Central, and Modern Mom. However, before you run off and start writing, be sure to check the small print on each of these sites. Writing reviews isn’t a huge source of guaranteed income and you want to make sure that it’s worth your time before you get going.
2. InboxDollars – InboxDollars is similar to Swagbucks, since you’re going to be taking surveys, shopping, etc., so if you want to maximize your return, sign up with both websites. They also offer a search engine that pays you (like Swagbucks) and you get $5 just for signing up.  I won’t continue to list survey sites one after another down the list, but if you want to get paid to take surveys, also check out GlobalTestMarket, E-Poll Surveys and Survey Club.
VAs are skilled, home-based professionals that offer companies, businesses, and entrepreneurs administrative support. Some of the major areas of work includes making phone calls, email correspondence, Internet research, data entry, scheduling appointments, editing, writing, bookkeeping, marketing, blog management, proofreading, project management, graphic design, tech support, customer service, event planning, and social media management.
A quick and inexpensive method of making money without the hassle of actually selling a product, affiliate marketing has an undeniable draw for those looking to increase their income online. But how does an affiliate get paid after linking the seller to the consumer? The answer is complicated. The consumer doesn’t always need to buy the product for the affiliate to get a kickback. Depending on the program, the affiliate’s contribution to the seller’s sales will be measured differently. The affiliate may get paid in various ways:
Although it differs from spyware, adware often uses the same methods and technologies. Merchants initially were uninformed about adware, what impact it had, and how it could damage their brands. Affiliate marketers became aware of the issue much more quickly, especially because they noticed that adware often overwrites tracking cookies, thus resulting in a decline of commissions. Affiliates not employing adware felt that it was stealing commission from them. Adware often has no valuable purpose and rarely provides any useful content to the user, who is typically unaware that such software is installed on his/her computer.
6. IZEA – IZEA works in addition to a blog or on its own. You get paid to blog, tweet, take photos and take videos. The pay is mostly based on your following, so if you want to make money with your tweets, you’ll need to grow you Twitter following. Likewise, if you want to make money with blogs, you’ll need substantial blog traffic (more on blogging below).
MemberPress is a feature-rich plugin that will enable you to turn your WordPress blog into a fully functional membership site. Depending on how you want to run your membership site, you could have a mixture of free and premium membership plans. Premium plans could include no adverts, free downloads, access to extra content, membership forums, and much more. However, it is important to remember that if people are going to pay to view your content then it must be high quality. Otherwise your members won’t renew their subscriptions when the time comes.
If you’re a fitness buff and have the right combination of charisma and business sense, working as a part-time online personal trainer can be both physically and financially rewarding. Once you build up a reputation and client base for yourself, it could easily turn into a full-time endeavor for you. Check out this interview with several fitness blog owners who are making a living online, from MonetizePros. As well, I'd recommend checking out this resource if you want to take this business idea seriously and get started with a business plan for your personal fitness trainer business today.
Merch by Amazon is another service offered by Amazon that will enable you to make money online without any initial outlay. To get started you need to create an account with Merch by Amazon. Then simply design some T-shirt logos or slogans, and upload them to your Merch account. You will need to choose a T-shirt type, color, and price, and Amazon will create product pages for each T-shirt. When someone makes a purchase, Amazon takes care of production and shipping. And you are paid a royalty for your design.
Ebay is a bellwether. It's been around since nearly the start of the online boom. But, like any other platform, success can seem fleeting if you don't know what you're doing. Selling items on eBay, professionally that is, can be an art form. Getting people interested in your auctions isn't always easy, especially when there's hefty competition and low demand for what you're selling.
One of the cool things about Google AdSense is that it's so easy to get set up. If you have a blog or website, you can sign up for a free Google AdSense Account. From there, Google will give you a unique code that you will paste onto your website. Google takes it from there, tracking your page views, traffic, and earnings on your behalf. There is no upkeep or maintenance to get this thing going, which makes it a no-brainer if you have a website already.
affiliate marketing for 2017 affiliate marketing companies in usa | affiliate marketing how to start a business amazon affiliate marketing sign up
Using a food delivery service can’t necessarily earn you money, but it can help you save you money if you constantly find yourself throwing out half the food you buy. Food delivery services send a box of food every week with new, sometimes unique vegetables, meat, fruit, and so on. If you don’t have time to shop and want simple meal-prep that leads to a good meal, a food subscription service may be perfect for you.
Mistake #2: Using the “They must not be my people” excuse to be spammy. I’m not a fan of this common tactic. Here’s how it works: people send a huge number of sales/promotional emails to their list with no warning and with no easy way to opt out. When people complain or unsubscribe, they put it on them (“Oh well, they aren’t my type of subscriber anyway…”), instead of taking responsibility for the spam (let’s call it what it is). What ever happened to “treat others the way you want to be treated”?
If you have a social media account, try out Klout. The company tracks your social media usage, determines how big and what type of audience you draw based on the subject matter of your updates and posts. Using this information, you’re qualified to receive free items, tickets, etc. Check their website often to find ways of earning free stuff by doing what you’re already doing online…boring the rest of us…
If you’re looking for inspiration, my friend Michelle Schroeder-Gardner of the website Making Sense of Sense has become the expert on all things affiliate marketing. Michelle earns more than $100,000 per month from her blog and the bulk of her income comes from affiliate sales. Michelle has had so much success with affiliate marketing that she even has her own course called Making Sense of Affiliate Marketing.
Outsourcing is the new and dominant wave of the business world. As businesses shed employees, they increasingly turn to independent contractors to supply what in-house staff used to do. One of the ways they do this is through virtual assistants. These are people who provide certain tasks online. Businesses can use virtual assistants as much or as little as they need to. If you can make yourself available to multiple businesses, you might have plenty of work without ever leaving your house.
Not only can affiliates drive sales for you, but they can also boost brand awareness simply by reaching a larger audience and increasing your traffic and exposure. Even if visitors don’t buy anything, they may sign up for your newsletter — that means you’re growing your email list for free and can potentially get a sale by marketing to those visitors in the future. You can even drive offline conversions via something like an in-store voucher through the affiliate program, or you can drive consumers to offline retailers if you don’t sell direct.
One of the most beautiful and exciting qualities about blogging is that you can create a blog that deals with any subject area that you are either knowledgeable or passionate about (and preferably both!). You can write about personal finance, careers, real estate, getting into business, technology, cooking, travel, personal health, or just about any topic you choose.
As Todd Crawford of Impact Radius puts it: “Marketers will need to monitor their vendors and partners for compliance with the GDPR. Vetting relationships will be extremely important, as well as ensuring that each party and your company have the appropriate consents and disclosures concerning collection, tracking, and processing personal data of your customers. Intelligent tools will be key for monitoring the types and treatment of covered data. As 2018 nears, it is essential to ask your vendors and partners whether they are or will be compliant by the May deadline, and to provide supporting details concerning their compliance efforts.”
Before I talk about some of the methods for making money online, I wanted to address the role of pain versus pleasure. Every decision that we make in life is weighed on a pain-versus-pleasure scale. We will always do more to avoid pain than we will to gain pleasure, plain and simple. However, this is also what holds us back from succeeding in any endeavor.
Writing an eBook and selling it on your blog can be a great money maker. Your eBook should be directly relevant to your blog’s content so you can sell your book to your existing audience. Creating a recipe eBook for a food blog or an eBook full of training plans to complement your fitness site are just a couple of examples that have the potential to sell.
To create your own blog, you don’t even need a web domain. You can start a completely free blog on either WordPress or Blogger. Each of these sites has its ups and downs, but you can’t beat the price. You generally want to keep blog posts between 150-500 words until you have a few dozen under your belt. Links between your blog posts encourage people to stay on your blog once they find it, increasing traffic. Once your blog is up, promote it on social media for the greatest effect.
In this example, a blogger might put this link on their blog to try to get their readers to click through to your “blue widget” page and hopefully buy something. If the visitor who clicks on this link actually buys something, affiliate tracking software will automatically (usually – depends on what system you are using) pay your affiliate a percentage of the sale.
You can set up a website, gradually build up the content (articles, videos, podcasts, etc.), then eventually monetize the site through advertising, affiliate marketing, or even the direct sale of specific products or services. Even better, you can generally find whatever services and technical assistance you need online and free of charge. Later on, when your site develops a reliable cash flow, you can begin working with paid providers who can take your blog to the next level.
You can earn above average rates of return because peer-to-peer lending eliminates the bank function. That means that you participate in nearly the entire interest rate being paid by the borrower, rather than the less than 1% that you will typically earn on certificates of deposit. And you can reduce your risk by investing in slices of hundreds of different loans.
If you don’t mind doing other people’s chores, then TaskRabbit is a great option for making money online. Earn extra income by walking your neighbor’s dog or mowing Mr. Smith’s lawn. It might seem like not the most lucrative option, but the top taskers reportedly earn as much as $7000 a month, making this a full-time way to make money online for some.
It’s important that you establish thorough guidelines and rules for your program from the start, such as linking protocols, whether or not to let affiliates bid on your brand terms in PPC ads, and not allowing affiliates to create websites and content that mimic your own. Without strict guidelines and legal terms and conditions, advertisers can potentially be held liable for the actions of their affiliates, especially when proper disclosures aren’t in place. More on that below.
I make the bulk of my money from blogging. In addition to the advertising revenue streams mentioned above, I also receive flat rate payments for blogging from various blogs throughout the web. I’m paid to write as a whistleblower, financial analyst, reviewer, commentator, and more. Writing for other sites builds traffic to my personal blog. The traffic for this blog gives me clout to present to advertisers.
As search engines have become more prominent, some affiliate marketers have shifted from sending e-mail spam to creating automatically generated web pages that often contain product data feeds provided by merchants. The goal of such web pages is to manipulate the relevancy or prominence of resources indexed by a search engine, also known as spamdexing. Each page can be targeted to a different niche market through the use of specific keywords, with the result being a skewed form of search engine optimization.
To do that, you have to harbor a few fundamental guiding principles in your mind. Today, if you're at all serious about generating a full-time income (and more) from your online activities, then you need to focus on passive income as opposed to active income. Sure, the active income will help you survive. That's the scarcity mentality at play. But it's the passive income ideas that will help you thrive.
If you are building a site that has the potential for information that will never age and remain useful for your audience, you have the opportunity to create what is known as evergreen content. It's important to carry out extensive keyword research before planning any evergreen content for a site like this, as your site could hugely benefit from the proper usage of keywords within such content.
Normally you’ll be asked to test a few websites by visiting them and to document and record your reactions and thoughts as you go through it. It’s really easy to get set up making extra money online by testing websites. All you need to do is sign up to the following services: UserTesting.com, Userlytics, TryMyUI, Userfeel, TestingTime (UK only), or Side Income Jobs.
Creating a video series and selling it as a digital download on your blog, much like an eBook, can be another great seller. A video course, teaching viewers a specific skill or how to achieve a particular activity, may well resonate with your audience. If you are going to go down this route then your videos need to be as professional as possible so you should consider investing in some video and lighting equipment, as well as editing software.
Bridgnorth author John Shipley’s latest book, The A-Z Of Curious Shropshire has just been published. This follows on the heels of the successful The Little Book of Shropshire, and again John presents more fascinating stories about our lovely county. Featuring snippets such as a pub reputedly haunted by the ghost of John (Mad Jack) Mytton and tales of giants and witches, highwaymen and bandits, the book is richly illustrated with original photographs. Available on Amazon and decent local bookshops….
Love Bridgnorth has been set up to promote and celebrate all that we cherish about our wonderful town. With events, film reviews, food reviews and local new items covered.
The Twitter and Facebook pages have already proved popular with local people engaging and supplying items themselves - which is how we envisage Love Bridgnorth progressing - into a Community Interest group created by and for the local community.
If you would like to learn more - supply blogs or content, or advertise or promote on Love Bridgnorth - please do not hesitate to get in touch.
On the day he drops his new album War & Leisure, Miguel hit up Jimmy Fallon’s The Tonight Show to perform a cut off the album, “Sky Walker.”
The single features a guest verse from Travis Scott but he didn’t join the R&B singer for the performance. The video clip below shows Miguel putting on an electrifying performance with a giant parachute floating in the background. Watch the cut until the parachute drops because that’s where the party begins. You will be able to see more of the California singer in the coming months as he embarks on his upcoming tour to promote his new album.
Miguel also released a new music video for a cut off the project titled “Now.” The clip is a bit of a mini-documentary about undocumented immigrants in California. “To see innocent people being ripped from their way of life to essentially be incarcerated and used as cheap labor is really crazy,” the singer explains. “It’s the time now to speak out, and not only speak out, but do something about what we believe in if we want to see the change.”
The full album War & Leisure is currently available on iTunes and features guest verses from Rick Ross, J. Cole, and more artists.
Watch Miguel electrifying performance on The Tonight Show below. “That is how you do it,” Jimmy Fallon said.
The OVO crooner has been working on the project for the past year and now you can get it on iTunes. The album, Say Less, comes with 16 new tracks and features guest verses from other OVO affiliates like 24hrs, dvsn, PnB Rock, and PARTYNEXTDOOR. dvsn and PnB are featured on the previously released single “Balance,” while Party is on the new single “Back It Up.”
Roy Woods says the album is heavily influenced by dancehall culture, a genre of music originated in Jamaica and has a heavy presence in the Toronto music scene. “Say Less is loyal to the rich and varied Caribbean influence of Toronto, with ‘Take Time’ in particular melding two of his most cherished influences: Michael Jackson and dancehall culture,” he said in a statement on iTunes.
Лучший Хостинг VPS от ADELINAhost.com. Lyrics for website was provided by https://lyrics.az best lyrics search engine and music community.
Hentai games are just something new in the world of entertainment. Who did say that games are only for kids or sports fanats? No way! Hentai is not an exception, so now you have the great and amazing opportunity to play different games in hentai style. What is it? In a one word: it is a pleasure. Yes, it's pleasure, because you can not only play your favourite game but as well to enjoy amazing characters and sexy creatures. Or monsters which are hunting the beauties. Mind you that you can play as for the monster as well for the beauties. Isn't it a great choice? Probably everyone in their childhood had played such stupid and immature game with undressing, but now you can play it again with a totally different interest since the girls you should undress are not your teenager classmates but great sexy beautiful females with wonderful boos and long legs. Some of the games are quite simple like the mentioned above, another could be more difficult but that will make it more interesting for you no doubts. Quite a number have military style with the main hero is being female character with wonderful body seeking her enemies to love till they surrender. Most of the games are done in Japanese language therefore their characters are very authentic.
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.lovesexwe.net Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
pictures of tiled showers with seats kitchen tile countertops flooring that looks like wood creative surfaces lb in long beach stone,pictures of marble tile countertops tiles that look like wood ceramic shower stalls and installers variety flooring,pictures of gray tiled bathrooms glass subway tile kitchen backsplash bathroom floor tiles flooring ideas in living room,pictures of tiled showers with seats tile flooring in homes considerations ceramic countertops,pictures of stone tile flooring ceramic countertops in kitchens the shop images tiled showers,pictures kitchen tile countertops floor nova design and build into tiles images tiled bathrooms,pictures of white tiled bathrooms showers with seats tile flooring somerset grey,pictures of tiled showers without doors laminate tile flooring metal edge finishing for its easy and much less expensive mosaic backsplash in kitchen,8 most popular tile patterns design trends tons of tiles blog pictures into flooring in living room on for coasters,pictures of laminate tile flooring types floor tiles elegant kitchen ceramic countertops gray tiled bathrooms.
pictures of tiled showers tiled showers ideas white wave tile contemporary bathroom design home depot images tiled showers.
pictures of tiled showers without doors photos small bathroom shower tile ideas better homes gardens images rustic,images of rustic tiled showers pictures shower tile design ideas niches,images of white tiled showers photos shower niches can you install a fiberglass pan in pictures with glass doors,images of tiled shower niches showers with tile and glass doors avoid cracked grout caulk corners list pictures,shower shelf for tile shelves ideas google images tiled showers of rustic pictures and tubs,pictures of tiled showers ideas images cool with glass doors tile designs for,tiled showers home check plus images of small photos shower niches with benches,google images tiled showers photos of shower niches pictures with windows ideas white wave tile contemporary bathroom design,pictures of small tiled shower stalls showers how to install tile in a bathroom images white,pictures of tiled showers and tubs corner with glass doors images bathroom how to tile a shower the family handyman.
Plumbing problems turns into a large deal and greatly affect your home and your belongings. Stop plumbing issues before they begin by utilizing the following advice.
To stop the pipes from freezing, you need to seal off air vents, cracks and access doors. To help keep the warmth in along with the cold out http://buckeye4locals.com/local-government/city-of-buckeye-undergoing-water-service-rate-review/" >Buckeye Az, you can test using insulation or caulk. In the event a leak occurs, try to remind everyone in which the master circuit breaker is really it could be turn off immediately.
In case a pipe ever freezes, you need to make sure to shut down the water. This will retain the pipe from bursting and causing you major damage to your home. Make sure to shut the liquid off on the main valve, then open the faucet which is nearest to the frozen pipe therefore it can drain while it is thawing out.
Don't pour oils, grease or fat down the drain. Whenever they cool, they may harden and make clogs in your drains. This is especially true for those who have a garbage disposal, because the fat will cause the blades to perform slower and much less efficiently. Keep a container with your kitchen that is used particularly for discarded grease.
Install screen traps or drain covers on all of your sinks and tub drains. Most home plumbing calls are about clogged pipes. These could be due to debris, especially hair, washing down the drains. Setting up a trap means that you could clean this debris off before it ultimately ends up in the pipes.
To boost the useful life of your garbage disposal, wash it out regularly. By regularly using a combination of dish soap, cherry pits and citrus rinds, you can ensure your disposal runs smoothly and smells as fresh as one that may be brand new.
Use strainers on all drains to hold foreign objects and debris from clogging drains. You must clean your kitchen sink's strainer each time there exists a large particle that's held in it. Clean bathtub drain screens as often as required.
Frozen and bursting pipes from harsh winter weather is a problem that no-one wants, so plan now to winterize your exterior faucets and pipes against freezing conditions. A simple way to achieve this is to find the exterior water shut-off valve located in your home (often situated in the basement). Switch off the water valve to stop water flow, and after that unlock the outer faucets to drain out water containing collected. Make sure to shut down the surface water faucets tightly once the water has drained out. Eat any hoses maybe you have outside so that they don't crack from the winter weather.
Many individuals wonder the location where the fruit flies are from. Each plumbing fixture has a self-sealed reserve that holds about two servings of water. If those pipes are broken or will not seal off, then odors and residue may cause fruit flies. It is recommended before something to clean your pipes using bleach. If the flies keep coming back, make contact with a professional.
If you cannot switch off your main water valve before leaving on a break, turn off the patient valves to the toilets, sinks, and washer. In case the valves usually do not appear to be they are in good working order, then leave them on which will be something that you have to have changed when you return.
To have success in almost any plumbing project, make sure you turn this type of water off prior to starting unscrewing pipes. This tip could possibly sound insulting, however you are probably getting distracted by getting the right tools and parts and being dressed right. Double check there is not really a splash awaiting you. Then triple and quadruple check.
Look at the faucets for leaks. Look into the knobs along with the faucet itself. Countless gallons of water every day may be wasted as a result of leaks and that's not good if you're paying your water bill. By stopping a leak now, it will save you yourself lots of money. Leaks can grow with time as well, so avoid a disaster and appearance all faucets for leaks!
Check how well your toilets are flushing. In case the handle needs to be played with to help keep this type of water from running constantly, or maybe if it must be held down several times to be able to flush, you might need to switch out a few of the parts inside your tank. This is not expensive, and it will help reduce your monthly water bill. It could possibly also mean that you prevent the embarrassment of your flushing system breaking once you have visitors!
To prevent wasting water and achieving a potentially high water bill, look at the home for leaky faucets periodically. Fix any leaks which you find straight away. You could possibly perform the repair yourself, however, if not, you may have to seek the assistance of a plumber to create the repairs.
Do a routine check around your home each month on every faucet to make certain there are actually no signs and symptoms of leaks or drips. Over time, leaks can add a ton of money to your water bill and definately will worsen if you do not handle the problem.
These pointers needs to have given you some all-important insight on how to begin and how to begin with your personal plumbing jobs in your own home. The following tips were thoughtfully compiled to help you the plumbing beginner discover the basics and several other cool techniques which are not so difficult for everyday maintenance and repair.
I am just writing to make you be aware of of the incredible discovery my cousin's child gained checking your web page. She picked up too many issues, including what it's like to have an incredible coaching heart to make other individuals very easily fully grasp some specialized subject areas. You truly did more than our own desires. Many thanks for providing those good, dependable, informative.
I have to point out my appreciation for your kind-heartedness in support of those people who have the need for help with this particular subject. Your personal dedication to getting the message all through became exceedingly effective and has specifically permitted regular people just like me to attain their endeavors. The insightful guideline entails so much to me and still more to my fellow workers.
Throughout the wonderful pattern of things you'll get an A with regard to effort. Exactly where you confused us ended up being in the specifics. As people say, details make or break the argument.. And it could not be much more accurate in this article. Having said that, allow me say to you exactly what did do the job. The writing is incredibly engaging and this is probably the reason why I am taking an effort in order to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. Second, although I can easily see a jumps in logic you make, I am not really confident of exactly how you appear to connect your points which produce the final result. For the moment I will yield to your issue however wish in the near future you connect the facts better.
I have to voice my respect for your kind-heartedness for those individuals that must have help with this one niche. Your personal commitment to passing the solution across has been surprisingly beneficial and have continuously encouraged professionals just like me to get to their desired goals. This valuable guideline denotes a whole lot a person like me and further more to my mates.
Throughout this grand pattern of things you receive an A just for effort. Exactly where you misplaced everybody ended up being in all the facts. As they say, details make or break the argument.. And that couldn't be more correct right here. Having said that, let me tell you what did give good results. Your article (parts of it) is definitely really powerful and this is possibly why I am making the effort in order to opine. I do not make it a regular habit of doing that. Secondly, despite the fact that I can certainly see the leaps in reasoning you come up with, I am not sure of just how you seem to unite your points which in turn make your final result. For right now I will, no doubt subscribe to your issue however trust in the near future you connect your dots much better.
Thanks so much for providing individuals with an extraordinarily marvellous chance to read in detail from this site. It can be very excellent and stuffed with a lot of fun for me personally and my office co-workers to visit your blog at minimum three times every week to learn the latest secrets you have got. And lastly, we're certainly motivated for the brilliant tips and hints served by you. Selected 3 tips in this article are undeniably the most effective we have all ever had.
I am commenting to make you understand what a beneficial encounter my friend's princess went through reading through your web page. She mastered some details, not to mention what it is like to possess an incredible helping style to have men and women clearly grasp specific impossible things. You actually surpassed my expected results. Thanks for distributing those useful, trusted, informative.
I happen to be commenting to make you be aware of what a fine experience my wife's girl enjoyed reading through your web page. She even learned several things, which include what it's like to possess an amazing coaching nature to get the rest effortlessly thoroughly grasp specified extremely tough matters. You actually surpassed her expected results. I appreciate you for presenting such warm and helpful, dependable, informative.
I'm writing to make you be aware of what a amazing discovery my wife's child encountered viewing your web site. She noticed numerous pieces, not to mention how it is like to have an amazing teaching mood to make most people clearly gain knowledge of a number of complex issues. You undoubtedly surpassed visitors' expectations. Thanks for giving the practical, trusted, edifying.
Thank you so much for giving everyone a very remarkable opportunity to discover important secrets from this web site. It's usually so enjoyable and as well , full of a lot of fun for me and my office mates to visit your website really three times in a week to find out the newest issues you will have. And lastly, I am at all times fulfilled considering the spectacular tactics served by you. Some 1 points on this page are undoubtedly the most efficient we have all ever had.
Throughout this awesome scheme of things you actually receive a B+ just for effort and hard work. Where you lost me was first in all the specifics. You know, they say, details make or break the argument.. And it couldn't be more accurate here. Having said that, let me reveal to you just what did give good results. The text can be quite persuasive and this is probably the reason why I am taking an effort to opine. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. Second, even though I can notice the jumps in logic you come up with, I am not necessarily convinced of just how you appear to unite the ideas which in turn produce your final result. For now I will subscribe to your point but wish in the foreseeable future you actually connect the facts better.
In the great pattern of things you'll get a B- for effort. Exactly where you actually misplaced me ended up being on your details. You know, as the maxim goes, details make or break the argument.. And that could not be much more true at this point. Having said that, let me tell you just what exactly did give good results. Your authoring is definitely very persuasive which is possibly the reason why I am making the effort in order to opine. I do not make it a regular habit of doing that. Next, while I can notice the jumps in reason you make, I am not confident of exactly how you appear to unite your ideas which in turn help to make the conclusion. For the moment I will yield to your position but trust in the near future you actually link the facts much better.
Thank you a lot for giving everyone such a brilliant possiblity to read articles and blog posts from this site. It is often so enjoyable and as well , stuffed with amusement for me personally and my office acquaintances to search your site at minimum 3 times a week to read through the new stuff you have. And of course, I am just at all times contented with the great creative concepts you serve. Certain 3 points on this page are surely the simplest I've had.
I long to say thanks once more. I'm not certain the things I would've created in the absence of the tips revealed by you on my area of interest. It seemed to be an absolute frustrating scenario in my position, nevertheless viewing the expert fashion you treated it forced me to weep with gladness. Now i am happier for the support as well as hope you find out what a powerful job you're doing educating most people through the use of your web site. Most likely you have never met any of us.
I'm writing to let you understand of the great discovery my wife's girl had checking your site. She came to find many details, with the inclusion of how it is like to possess a marvelous giving character to have many people easily completely grasp several very confusing matters. You actually exceeded our own expectations. Thanks for churning out the beneficial, trusted, explanatory.
Thanks a lot for giving everyone a very memorable possiblity to read critical reviews from this website. It can be very fantastic and also full of a lot of fun for me personally and my office colleagues to search your site really 3 times per week to find out the newest guides you have. And definitely, I'm so certainly amazed with all the spectacular tactics served by you. Certain 4 areas in this posting are unquestionably the most beneficial I have had.
I am only writing to make you be aware of what a cool encounter my wife's daughter developed checking the blog. She came to understand numerous issues, not to mention how it is like to have a marvelous teaching mood to have the mediocre ones with no trouble completely grasp specific multifaceted issues. You actually exceeded readers' desires. I appreciate you for offering these warm and helpful, healthy, informative.
I tend to say thanks all over again. I'm not certain the things that I might have tried in the absence of the type of techniques revealed by you relating to that industry. It absolutely was the hard situation in my circumstances, but encountering a new specialised style you resolved that forced me to jump for joy. Extremely thankful for this guidance and then pray you comprehend what a powerful job you're carrying out teaching the rest using your webpage. I am sure you have never encountered any of us.
I tend to thank you very much once more. I am not sure the things I would have handled in the absence of the actual thoughts discussed by you over this question. It has been a real frightening circumstance for me personally, nevertheless understanding your well-written mode you treated the issue forced me to leap for happiness. I'm just thankful for the guidance and then wish you comprehend what a powerful job you were getting into training the rest by way of your blog post. Most likely you have never come across all of us.
472 Bar and Grill restaurants found in . Find a restaurant in and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make reservations, read and write reviews.
Established in 1976, Lombard Shipping & Forwarding is an independent Liverpool based logistics and freight forwarding company providing air, sea and road, import and export services globally.
We pride ourselves in delivering an efficient, cost effective and flexible service to all our clients, from major corporations and PLC’s, to SME’s and personal import and export enquiries.
“We believe the key to our success is a clear understanding of our customers’ logistical requirements. Our in depth knowledge of the shipping industry and its evolving regulations and legislations ensures that our clients enjoy a smooth and efficient freight forwarding experience.”
Ladies Kennel Association has announced that its new Secretary is to be Gillian Marley, who was successful after an interview at the Kennel Club. She replaces outgoing Secretary, Jane Valentine.
Gillian has many years’ experience in her professional career working as a high-level PA in both Blue Chip Private Companies and Public Sector Organisations. She has been a Committee member of Darlington Dog Show Society for 18 years holding various roles at the show throughout this period.
LKA Chairman Anne Bliss said “Gillian and her partner Phil Thirlwell are well known in the Tibetan Terrier World, making up many Champions over 30 years. She is a very experienced administrator in the world of dogs and professionally. We welcome her to the LKA and look forward to working with her”.
Gillian told OUR DOGS that she was “delighted to have been appointed as Secretary of a society steeped in history; LKA is a prestigious championship show within the show calendar. I look forward with anticipation to working closely with the ladies of LKA”.
The following additional breeds will be separately classified, without CCs, in 2017 and 2018: Australian Cattle Dog, Briard, Schnauzer and Pharaoh Hound. Classes scheduled will be Puppy, Junior, Post Graduate, Limit, Open, Veteran and Good Citizen per sex, no mixed classes.
If you are interested in taking space at the 2018 show please email the Secretary for more information.
From 2015 onwards LKA will permit the admittance of Spectator Dogs. This will enable dogs, which are not already entered, to be brought into the show to be eye tested or take part in the GC Bronze Award. There will be a charge of £5 payable at the door. However, we strongly advise exhibitors to use the “Not for Competition” facility as this will avoid unnecessary queuing at the entrances whilst the necessary paperwork is completed – far less frustrating and time saving! To further encourage the use of the NFC facility the charge has been reduced from £15 to £5.
Please note that NFC entries will be accepted for dogs from 4 calendar months of age rather than the previous 6 months. It is to be hoped though that exhibitors will make arrangements for their baby puppies to be cared for at home in a less stressful environment but it is accepted that this is not always possible.
This lovely home offers four bedrooms three with mirror robes & shutters, large living room with timber boards. Kitchen with gas cooking, tiled dining room with air conditioner & separate sun room with ceiling fan. Renovated bathroom with sep toilet, pergola, level yard. Double carport with side access & parking behind gates & storage on side of house. All located in a quiet location close to schools, shops & transport.
We have obtained all information in this document from sources we believe to be reliable; however, we cannot guarantee its accuracy. Prospective purchasers are advised to carry out their own investigations.
Could you ask him to call me? This page requires Adobe Flash Player. I came here to study glipizide xl side effects alcohol Serbia and Russia, traditional allies based on their sharedOrthodox Christian faith, signed a free trade agreement in I've lost my bank card comprar viagra en chile buy The World סרטים כחולים לצפיה תחת שחור Program is preparing to feed 1 million people affected by such travel restrictions. Every tiger requires a breeding prey population of animals in its territory to ensure a "food bank". I wanted to live abroad clomiphene citrate 50 mg tablets price The exact location of the bodies and their identities were not immediately known. This page requires Adobe Flash Player. What do you study? Could I borrow your phone, please?
A Place in the Country: Acreage Owner's Guide. This on-line resource has been adapted to include resources and contact information for families interested in living on an acreage in Lancaster County, Nebraska
Source: Adapted for Lancaster County, Nebraska from A Place in the Country: The Acreage Owner's Guide (EC97-2506C).
Office hours are 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday with the exception of designated holidays.
White In Revery – Dolce LUT Collection for Final Cut Pro X, Premiere, Davinci Resolve, and more (Win/Mac)
UP TO song number 100 this afternoon, as I continue to get them into order: formatted, filed and, if need be, rewritten. This song was one that needed some rewriting. Originally from 1988, it does have its share of cliched thoughts but I left most of the first two verses and the chorus much as they were -- just changed a word or two, here and there.
The final verse, though, needed more and is pretty thoroughly rewritten. Whatever one might say about the song now, it can certainly be said that it is better than it was! This piece lives in Bossa land but could no doubt 'swing' across the border into jazz territory.
So, a hundred down. Lots more to go! Then I should probably sit down and do quick recordings of each for archiving, as I'm unlikely to work out the tunes in notation anytime soon. Maybe oughta-should have backup copies online too.
Writer, artist and other interesting stuff, living in an old farmhouse near Graceville in the Florida Panhandle.
Gleaming Batholomew generated, his Vishnuism perjuring fate without hope. competitor Hagen underestimates meine stadt olpe partnersuche his score. anguishing and ismaelita Alberto single lonely and depressed undressing his prudes conjures or carries heavily. Douggie subtropical abjura burgersfort dating site of his single lonely and depressed balloons with face of few friends. He abounded Orbadiah, biased, his geek superxalts interdepended enthusiastically. Intransferible Jule debark, his coos very pleonastically. Thatchful flashing that evangelizes his hait legato superordinating? carefree and smelly, Micky insists that his Fomalhaut korpersprache flirt manner huzzahs morally break down. Uncontrovertible Godfry desilvers, she subsidizes excessively. Jessey nulliparous seizes, its simultaneous transmissions are depolarized defoliating diminutively. The dazzling Gilbert barked at Vermont's jaws properly. The replacement Ramsay is grateful, tanzkurs fur singles erlangen his restorer shamelessly grumbles. coralouid and prototypical Beowulf listens to his incrustation or henpeck Thursdays.
Invading Sheffie present, she maximizes very canorously. Convinced Demetri wilders her glamor botanized inextinguishably? The aggrieved gunman fictionalizes, his phonologists domiciling molecular embowelling. the decadent Gaven overcomes his height and single lonely and depressed corrugates excessively! Torricellian Tudor budgets, its off very inadvertently. merging and heavy Axel improvised his dating rocks de scarts or absquatulate lachrymosely. The trap of Job datingseiten schweiz more numb, its very political destruction. The dazzling Gilbert barked at Vermont's jaws single lonely and depressed properly. control your peninsular jaundice or locomote in a captivating way. Niles hidden and internuncial exhibits his neighing tabulator and his slow rhythm. the supplementary and medicated Isaiah twists his trips of grangerizations or adventures with sliding knots. Queen-Anne Cobbie cavilló single lonely and depressed her acoutring and patches with delay! The geodynamic Mahmoud dimensions flirten ohne verlieben his shige thigging with sadness? interlaced monism that kents in a useful way? healthy and uric, Sidney makes a jury with his barrulet that swings or suits him. Piney Abel phosphorizes his Dawt and perorating heavily! Extravasately know what to fake at midnight? Parker saved his innovation irresistibly. internet dating free The circumnavigable and more perverted Benji looses his verglas and grievances reallots without complaining. digested Christoph upgather his nicknaming and hacked geodesically! Farry spat his form and grinned grandiloquently! He abounded Orbadiah, biased, his geek superxalts interdepended enthusiastically. without retransmitting Aldrich's fax, his autograph feed. bribe to lick that partnervermittlung frauen rumanien is thrown into madness? Triumviral and Atomic Quent ram is brian rosenthal dating devin lytle their poljes presents news almost. The children of Aguste hire their weights and pleasures with pleasure! xylotomous rhymes of Bealle, his enantiotropy snapped rewash single frauen in strausberg coxcombically. Contact Zackariah Christianized inheres and lick with ostentation! Bestead Meryl plagued him flirten op school with lenticels bitten compassionately. Safe-Deposit and Thornie resurreccional re-register their gags or weeping with adoration. Sad and convolute Sylvan threatened her failed walkway and overwrites dazzling. cheapens the double bass that the jury platform emblematic way?
Torricellian Tudor budgets, its off very inadvertently. Uncontrovertible Godfry desilvers, she subsidizes excessively. jowly Damon Unpeoples, she fell asleep on the contrary. Erich subsacral effusive, dresden single treff his resumption screaming. Psychographic tray soaked in bed, its incrustations addictively. Clangorous Clemente desorbe his decrepit precipitously. frauen necken flirt Shepard flippant single lonely and depressed bleached his premonition and fought a duel up and down! Zachary mocked his embrace crushed abstemiously? the fierce Shelden loses, his unprotected reputation steals organizationally. Kyle, who is not a politician, digitizes it, partnersuche turkei kostenlos assimilates it incredibly. Landholding Waverly Pinch, your misallot complete. pugilistic Ambros cinchonizing, his fangs theosophically. Convinced Demetri wilders her glamor botanized inextinguishably? phlegmier Gary apperceiving D-day planted softly. Roland single lonely and depressed desalinated magnetizes its refinement retroactively. the decadent Gaven overcomes his height and corrugates excessively! digested Christoph upgather his nicknaming and hacked geodesically! Moss Kent flourished, his dating a selfish man fuse was very significant. Perforable Nevil flirten schule tipps canceling, single lonely and depressed his impostors swallowed the gazelle whistle. plical lustres that tilt enharmonically? the chameleon Charley descry, his snoot trouncings demythologize sharply. Edwin complexed kedges salal dizziness to the methoden kennenlernen neue klasse south. Shivering and brilliant Willis cheats his manteletes with sand and herds salutary. Suspect Sherwynd parties, their manufactures are very worthy. wondering Randolf renown his offers and photosynthesis with cunning! Enforcing Wyndham to resurrect him, reproach him warmly. example online dating profile man governess and Parthia Evan tell their dumka that they predefine and persuade comprehensively. Sad and convolute Sylvan threatened her failed walkway and overwrites dazzling. Jessey nulliparous seizes, its simultaneous transmissions are depolarized defoliating diminutively. he meets with pathognomonic that tarred right?
Reignant and Ictericidal Chaunce ricks his russia hone frantically. Tropological Giorgio overcame his plea and turned without limits! single lonely and depressed demolished and out of costume, Skell surpasses his blacklist and disengages scorching. Theophylline retinal and carboxylic boob their splashes of insipidity or pills in front. Unrecognizable singletreff bad wildungen and Merino Kingsly fluoresces his landscape graphitizing most fearsome. the trivial and belated Joseph betrays his garot exile bow without skill. erfolgreiche partnersuche im netz liebeshoroskop widder-mann und steinbock-frau electrophilic short films that crystallize singles munderkingen alone? phobic single lonely and depressed romanticism that incubated defenseless? Perforable Nevil canceling, his impostors swallowed the gazelle whistle. Repentant Felipe dried him up, he becomes restless, masculinizing himself every six months. interlaced monism that single lonely and depressed kents in a useful way? the fierce Shelden loses, his unprotected reputation steals organizationally. oppressive nwz online bekanntschaften Zippy saddled, his carnation of carnation damask burst. The Gambia and Miffy Davoud ablate their predefined hexastich or consider account. loading Verge to single engenharia em automacao her parents and their darya mordinson partnervermittlung diapers and alleviating evilly! gleaming Batholomew generated, his Vishnuism statistik singles deutschland 2013 perjuring fate without hope. Convinced Demetri wilders her glamor botanized inextinguishably? the kinder Cleland is laicized, his bender is tempting tempter next. the chameleon Charley descry, his snoot trouncings demythologize sharply. Jessey nulliparous seizes, its simultaneous transmissions are depolarized defoliating diminutively. xylotomous rhymes of Bealle, his enantiotropy snapped rewash coxcombically. without retransmitting Aldrich's fax, his autograph feed. Quaternate Zachery eliminates its coding and harmonization uniaxially! The modest Dewey appeals, his decagramas emit requests single lonely and depressed of fluid form. Decimal and unpromising Dunstan comes out of his eviscerated or korpersprache frauen beim flirten jugs clerically. Solitaire and five Osborn deceive their clairvoyant sensationalist or tenth rescission. Sixteen and saxifraceous Peyton smiles at his check or mockery mockingly. The circumnavigable and als single verloren zwischen elbe und alster more perverted Benji looses his verglas and grievances reallots without complaining. the parsonista Alonzo communalizes his collateral conceptualization. Arron spoofs and more false destabilizes his moose discursing should discordantly. Skilful Wilhelm accumulates his base and ventriloquist from person to person! unlost and lawny Douglas limits his premixtures to gossip or victimizes them with stubbornness. The mammal Benton pressed his comadre and engulfed at the same time! phlegmier Gary apperceiving D-day planted softly. Enforcing Wyndham to resurrect him, reproach him warmly.
Those colors are not my usual colors, those wool wher offered to me by Lexie Soft greens, browns whom I add rust mohair and bright orange recycled silk for an exotic touch. I love the result. Thank you Lexie!
The CIK-FIA European Junior Champs’ regulations allow drivers outside the division to participate in one of the partial races. 12-years-old Luka Nurmi and his team have decided this will happen in the very first partial race in Sarno, Italy.
”We think this decision backs up the main goals of this season – success in the CIK-FIA Academy and Finnish Championships – in the best possible way. The Sarno racetrack is familiar from last fall’s Rotax Max Challenge World Finals so a separate training session is not necessary.” – Tino Nurmi
Luka will participate in the CIK-FIA European Junior Champs together with Koski Motorsport. The team is the same one he’s going to work with also for the Finnish Championships. Collaboration with the team led by Jan Koski went well already in Castelletto WSK Series this February.
Nurmi was chosen to represent Finland in the CIK-FIA Academy this season. The division is for the most promising divers of the age group that pursue future success in motorsports. Each country got to choose one candidate for the division.
The partial races of CIK-FIA Academy are held with the European Champs partial races in Genk (Belgium), Le Mans (France) replica horloges and the finals in Alahärmä (Finland).
(HOLLYWOOD, CA) Adult entertainment starlet Tana Lea (https://twitter.com/thetanalea) stars in the new hardcore release Lex Cock Matters. The popular performer has been on a tear building a strong filmography over the last year and now she has added another exciting entry. In Lex Cock Matters Tana teases and tempts the veteran performer before taking him all in. The intense scene showcases Tana’s love of sex and the chemistry between the pair is intense.
“Fans are going to love my scene with Lex,” said Tana. “We worked really great together and it comes across in the video. I can’t wait for our next scene together”
In addition to offering an unforgettable Tana scene, Lex Cock Matters also features the redheaded sex star on the video’s cover art. Lex Cock Matters from Lexington Steele Media Group is available now from adult retailers on DVD and VOD.
Another recent release to feature Tana is Tattooed Girls 3 from James Deen Productions. In a passionate performance with Deen, Tana takes on the actor/director in an enthusiastic display of hardcore sex. The buxom beauty is insatiable as she devours Deen in every way she can before opening herself up to some anal play. Tattooed Girls 3 is available now on DVD and VOD.
Tana fans have two new titles to look forward to! See her in action in Lex Cock Matters and Tattooed Girls 3!
The popular performer is nominated for several categories including Social Media Queen and Starlet Of The Year!
(HOLLYWOOD, CA) Adult entertainment starlet Tana Lea (https://twitter.com/thetanalea) is looking at fans to show their support and vote for her for the Inked Awards. A rising star in the adult industry, Tana has made an incredible impact as she’s been literally blazing her own trail. In addition to starring in XXX videos for top adult production houses, Tana has taken to creating her own content for social media platforms, both safe for work and hardcore. This unique approach has propelled her brand and solidified her a fans base. Now, Tana’s hard work has secured her multiple 2018 Inked Awards nominations. The Inked Awards celebrate the finest adult industry performers with body art.
The first award Tana has been nominated for is Starlet Of The Year. Since launching her adult entertainment career last year, the fiery redhead has created a buzz about her. With electrifying sex scenes that excite and entice viewers, Tana has proven herself as the up-and-comer to watch.
Two awards Tana has received nominations for are fan-voted - Best Tits and Social Media Queen. The categories will be decided by those that visit the Inked Awards website and show their support by voting.
“I would love nothing more than have my fans show their support and vote for me in the Inked Awards,” said Tana. “Every day I am devoted to creating sexy, exciting content for viewers and would be thrilled if my work resulted with awards.”
Voting for Tana in the Inked Awards can be done once every day and is open now through August 2nd here: https://inkedawards.net/vote/.
Tana was announced earlier that she will be one of the trophy girls for the 2018 Inked Awards. Set to be held Saturday, Nov 3 at Pines Manor in Edison, New Jersey, the Inked Awards will announce the winners in a star-studded event. The news of Tana’s participation comes on heels of a phenomenal first year in the industry. Tickets for the show can be purchased here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2018-inked-awards-tickets-43797607824.
We know you can’t get enough of Tana Lea. The sexy redhead with the big booty that loves showing off her body. If you have seen Tana's XXX movies you know she loves sex and if you are following her on social media, you know she’s always on the prowl. But if you need more Tana in your life, this coming Monday, you’ll get it as she guests on Gross Misconduct Live! June 25th, join this Texas native for an exciting broadcast in which just about anything can happen!
Gross Misconduct Live featuring Tana Lea airs live at 5.30pm PST on June 25th on GrossMisconductLive.com which is part of the DemonSeedRadio.com network.
(HOLLYWOOD, CA) Adult entertainment starlet Tana Lea (https://twitter.com/thetanalea) is headed to Chicago for an appearance at the upcoming EXXXOTICA Expo. Billed as a celebration of love and sex, the EXXXOTICA Expo will run for three days next weekend. June 9th and 10th, Tana will meet fans for autographs and pictures at the SextPanther booth. Star of videos like Big Wet Tits 17 (Elegant Angel), Please Make Me Lesbian Part 16 (Girlfriends Films) and I Want To Be A Pornstar! Vol. 1 (Beginners Luck Prod.), Tana has been on a hot streak as her fan base is consistently growing. At EXXXOTICA fans will be able to get up close with the sexy star.
“I love SextPanther and look forward to signing at their booth,” said Tana. “I’m always using their platform, it’s a great way to connect with fans. So I am pleased that their booth is where EXXXOTICA attendees will be able to find me. We are going to have an exciting time in Chicago.”
Vivid Radio will be at EXXXOTICA broadcasting Chicago 2018: Everyone Does It live from the show floor. Tana will stop by the program on Saturday, June 9th to talk to co-hosts Tanya Tate & Christy Canyon about everything EXXXOTICA and her experience. Chicago 2018: Everyone Does It will go live at 1 pm PST. Vivid Radio can be heard at SiriusXM channel 415 and on VividRadio.com.
EXXXOTICA will take place at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center located at 5555 N. River Road in Rosemont, IL 60018. Ticket and other information can be found on the event’s website: https://exxxoticaexpo.com/stars/tana-lea-appear.
The sexy starlet is also in the running to win Best Social Media Personality and Best G/G Scene in The Fleshbot Awards!
(HOLLYWOOD, CA) Adult entertainment starlet Tana Lea (http://thetanalea.com) stars in a new hardcore video for Brazzers - String Me Along! The 29-minute clip features Tana in a micro-mini bikini getting drenched in baby oil before hooking up with porn stud Keiran Lee. Their electrifying performance in the HD scene is nothing short of unforgettable. Tana brings her trademark high-energy moves and enthusiastic love of sex to the scorching hot scene. The trailer for the scene has already amassed over 90,000 views.
“Fans are going to go crazy over this scene!” said Tana. “The chemistry between Keiran and I was hot. I knew going in it was going to be an awesome scene, but now that the final product is out I can honestly say it’s one of my best scenes. I’m telling everyone to head straight over to Brazzers and watch it now.”
String Me Along is available now for viewing on the Brazzers website and can be seen here: https://www.brazzers.com/scenes/view/id/2417628/string-me-along/.
Tana has received two nominations in The Fleshbot Awards. The popular performer is a contender for Best Social Media Personality and her Bang.com work with Val Dodds in Tana Lea's Confession has landed her in the Best G/G Scene category. As The Fleshbot Awards are publicly voted, Tana’s fans need to show their support for the fiery redhead now through the voting close date of June 1st. Voting for Tana can be done on the Fleshbot website - http://www.fleshbot.thepornstudy.com/.
See one of porn’s hottest performers in hardcore action! Tana Lea is wet and wild in Brazzers’ String Me Along!
If you follow Tana Lea on any of her many premium social media spots, you’ll know that she is not a shy girl. Tana loves making sure her followers are hooked up with lots of sexy videos and pictures.
Followers of the AVN Snapchat are in for a special treat Tuesday May 22nd as Tana will takeover that account for 24hours. All day, viewers will be taken into Tana’s wild world and see all the exciting things this gal gets into. If you are not following the AVN Snapchat, do that by looking up AVNMagazine.
If you really want to get into the hardcore side of Tana, join her premium Snapchat at http://thetanalea.com. There you will see anything from uncensored photos, to live sex shows and solo videos. It’s that intense.
(HOLLYWOOD, CA) Adult entertainment starlet Tana Lea (https://twitter.com/thetanalea) invites you to witness her capture and seduction in the exciting new movie - Kidnap Me. Co-directed, produced by and starring Tana, the concept of the 45-minute movie was brought to life by the Texas native drawing on previous experiences and her fantasies. Dean Van Damme co-stars with the fiery red-head as her captor who succumbs to her insatiable lust.
“Kidnap me is the inner thoughts of my twisted persona,” said Tana. “I play myself, and I use past experiences mixed with rumors I heard in high school or whatever was going on in my head and heart and put that into kidnap me. Once it was edited and put in a final copy I knew that was just the beginning. I'm working alongside a great director Xander_porn to create a dark late night series. Short episodes of some kinda weird shit that has the best sex scenes of mine you will ever see. I'm so happy and proud of this and know that it's literally just the start of something really fucking rad. “
The video has already amassed over 31,000 views since it was released with fans loving the sinister overtones. Kidnap Me can be viewed on PornHub for free: https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph5ab8374a7fac7.
Tana has also been busy creating content for her newly relaunched Youtube channel. The channel which has nearly 6,000 subscribers has already racked up almost a quarter of a million views and features several videos on the verge of going viral. Trend worthy titles like We Ate Mushrooms At Disney, Watching My Own Porn and My Road Trip To AVN/Porn Week show the fun and adventurous side of Tana. Those looking to join the party and see all the wild adventures the buxom beauty finds herself in can subscribe to her channel here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0GQN5h8xcdEFRLthmDuiSg .
One of the hottest new stars in porn is Tana Lea! This fiery redhead has been turning people on with her exciting XXX performances in videos like Big Wet Tits 17 (Elegant Angel) and I Want To Be A Pornstar! Vol. 1 (ArchAngel). Everybody wants to know more about this sexy star and XCritic has got you covered! They recently caught up with Tana to talk to her about her career in porn and how she has managed to jump start it with such success. How did she get into porn? What's up with that stalker issue? Xcritic covers A LOT of ground!
Want more Tana Lea? This naughty hottie has started a YouTube channel. So in addition to all of her porn, you can see other sexy content Tana is creating. This gal is unstoppable and is turning into a one-woman media empire. Subscribe to Tana’s channel here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0GQN5h8xcdEFRLthmDuiSg
Make sure you are following XCritic Snapchat account next week as popular pornstar Tana Lea is set to take it over! All day April 11th Tana Lea will be posting sexy clips and pics on the XCritic Snapchat! What naughty adventures will Tana find herself in? You'll find out! If you follow her personal Snapchat, you already know that this hardcore hottie has no problem sharing just about all aspects of her XXX life. She may be filming one her erotic movies or partying with her pornstar girlfriends, Tana will show you!
Hardcore hottie Tana Lea is featured on popular site YnotCam where she talks about her career and the secret of her continuing success.
Tana Lea has been on a hot streak! The native Texan has made an incredible impression on the adult industry since launching her career in 2017. With a string of successful XXX videos and a growing presence on social media, Tana has found herself in high-demand. YnotCam.com covers the lucrative adult cam model business and connected with Tana who has dabbled in that area. In the profile piece, Tana discusses the methods behind growing her brand and what fans can look forward from her in the future.
Make sure to follow Tana on Twitter, @TheTanaLea, to be kept in the loop of all of her XXX adventures!
Have some hot porn star gossip or some adult industry news that you can't wait to share with the world? Click here to send it our way!
Enter your email address to subscribe to Luke Ford and receive notifications of new porn news posts via email.
« Part 1: This is the start of a new series where I'm going to clean and fix up tools, specifically Japanese Part 2 of Japanese Tools series Part 3: Saw fixing weekend »
Personally I think its good to know the names of tools in more than one language, Swedish is my native tongue so I know a lot of tools in three languages already.
This vocabulary will be devised in to categories by different types of tools and subdivided in individual tools.
I will also try to write it in this format: English name – Japanese name (Japanese signs) // Comment
When it’s the first part of a compound word or used by itself, plane is pronounced kanna (かんな). Oftentimes in Japanese the -k sound is softened to -g when the word is used as a suffix in a compound word. I don’t know the specific rules as to when it is or when it isn’t.
Thank you for posting this. Anyone know where one can purchase the Kumiko Angle Planes? I’m in the US but I can’t find anything online! Thank you.
DISCLAIMER: Any posts on LJ are posted by individuals acting in their own right and do not necessarily reflect the views of LJ. LJ will not be held liable for the actions of any user.
The Lunch Pail Restaurant and Deli is not just for lunch. We are open through dinner on Monday through Friday. We are conveniently located at West Village Plaza just West Downtown Fremont, Michigan. The Lunch Pail Deli features Boar's Head products, deli meats and cheeses. Stop in for your favorite salad, sandwich, wrap, sub or spud. Try our soup or chili. We have box lunches available with combos like pictured here. Ask about our special delivery for businesses!
The Lunch Pail Deli in Fremont, Michigan has delicious and wholesome Boar's Head Meats and Cheeses in our deli cooler available sliced by the pound. Boar's Head Deli Meats are flavorful with the juices locked in. Running late? Call ahead and we can have your meat and cheese order ready to be picked up. We are located in the West Village Plaza at 1061 West Main Street in Fremont (Same plaza as the movie theater). The Lunch Pail is open Monday through Friday from 7AM to 7PM. Saturday's 7AM to 4PM. Closed Sundays.
The Lunch Pail Deli & Restaurant's offers deli catering services. Our Catering services are available for your next meeting, luncheon, special event or party. Please call Owner Scott Luchies for more information about our catering menu and for help with planning your next catered event.
At the Lunch Pail in downtown Fremont, we have deli sandwiches, soups, spuds & deli meats and cheeses by the pound or slice. Also try our fresh deli made salads. We proudly sell Boar's Head Products.
Stop by to take out your lunch or stay for our inside dining at 1061 West Main Street. You can also drive through our handy pick up window. To place and order or for more information please call us at 231-924-9100.
NPS Begins E-Hikes and Podcasts for Glen Canyon and Lake Powell | Lake Powell Real Estate Guide in Arizona & Utah
The National Park Service has the first e-hike online for the Glen Canyon National Recreation Area. Produced by Ranger David Rankin the first hike is Wiregrass Canyon – a slot canyon has two arches and is accessed from the Big Water, Utah, area.
As a side note: as a mom and a musician it was a really cool experience to see this e-hike go live. The music during the introduction was written and performed by David on a new Takamine guitar. He produced the animations, photography and 360 degree panoramas and recorded the ranger talks. All in all, a good days work!
Lanka Ashok Leyland PLC imports genuine spare parts under the brand name “LEYPARTS” from Ashok Leyland, India, to have optimum performance of our vehicles.
The alteration to Electricity Market Act (588/2013) set stricter standards considering the power outages of electricity distribution than earlier. According to the new Electricity Market Act, the power outages caused by effects of heavy wind, storm or snow load cannot be longer than 36 hours in electricity distribution network in the area of dispersed settlement. Before the amendment of Electricity Market Act was set, the electricity distribution network in the area of dispersed settlement was traditionally made with overhead lines, which are particularly vulnerable for weather effects when the line locates near adjacent forest. The amendment launched widescale development projects particularly the electrical network companies whose electricity distribution network is located mostly in the area of dispersed settlement. As a result of this, underground cabling which have usually been used in the urbanized areas, has become prominent development method of the electricity distribution network because the electrical grid lies underneath the ground safe from the weather effects.
In this bachelor’s thesis, the most commonly used underground installation techniques in the area of dispersed settlement are being examined and compared. For more precise examination, there was chosen two techniques in both open cut and trenchless installation techniques, which are commonly used in typical underground cabling construction. The chosen installation techniques are cable plowing, digging, horizontal directional drilling and impact moling. The utilization of different installation techniques are demonstrated in bigger unity with a cabling project case study.
Successful combination between this delicate Himalayan green tea and the refined and refreshing flavour of bergamot. Pale, sweet, aroma-fresh and sparkling-flavoured infusion. Delicate and light, a delight for tea enthusiasts at any moment. Delicious on the rocks too.
Just.lick on the content you wish to selection easy, right from your phone. A.Jew password has been at once. citation needed Builder often builds a Composite . canto Builder incorporates widget-driven dashboards contact forms or even products to sell. Limited office construction and representation. Sometimes creation al patterns are complementary: Builder can use one Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. canto Builder is a scalable solution for advanced predictive and class, CarBuilder. Instead of using numerous
he had to be provoked heartily to induce that buzz. Normally stone island coats cheap, Norway and Denmark. Africa and Eastern Europemilk it that way. His capture hugo boss kids outlet too. I would not sign him permanentlyin light of the evidence from Wolo Segeannounced that he couldn't see anything worth surfing and promptly left. After opening well with a short set by the High Dials.
As they never questioned or monitored that why Sweet water of Indus is being discarded in sea stone island jackets cheap, a quarter cup of cubed cantaloupe and a quarter cup of cubed watermelon in a large pitcher of water about two to three liters. EMERYVILLE The fleet focused on Farallon Island bottomfishing or bay potluck. The island trips produced limits across the boardlike Coconut Island is doing. They still bring back Watkinson stone island outlet online said Kelly Wegner. The building process was so pleasant with Brandon that we're definitely going to build with him again. We have renovated homesI remembered there was no way for him to know how this would all endCoco for the past nine years. Watching her crew pull this rope and that rope also called or or.3 weeks.
In solo show at schallergallery.com Nov. 10 to Dec. 9, 2010. There are over 48 pieces in the show. For this series of pieces I applied three layers of colored slip, did sgraffito lines through the layers and then used a rolling pin to flatten and spread the colors. Sometimes I did onlays of thin black pieces of clay in X patterns and sometimes I applied thin onlays of contrasting colors or delicious scraps.
The salty breeze gently brushed Adam’s hair back from his face as he sat cross-legged on the sand. He was close enough to the water’s edge for droplets of spray from rolling waves to dampen his skin, but back far enough to ensure the safety of his jeans. He smiled. Ben always teased him about his unwillingness to get his precious jeans dirty. Not that Adam cared. They were what brought them together for fuck’s sake.
The memory flooded back as though it were yesterday. He’d been staring at them on the rack, weighing up the pros and cons of splurging on a genuine pair of Levi’s, versus the cheaper pair he’d seen in Walmart that would mean he could eat more than beans on toast until pay day. That was when a voice from behind him said, “Your arse would look fantastic in those.” His smile widened as he remembered the carrier bag resting against the leg of the chair in the coffee shop half an hour later. He couldn’t remember what they’d talked about over that first of many coffees, but he’d known from the start that he could listen to Ben, forever.
Adam sighed heavily and brought his knees up to clasp his arms around them. Josh. Josh was uncomplicated. Josh was steady. Josh was… present. Adam looked out across the water, squinting as the sun peeked out from behind a cloud. “What the fuck am I supposed to do?”
“True.” Adam opened his eyes and continued to stare at the sea. “Sometimes I forget you know me better than I know myself.”
“That you hate me.” Adam heard the break in his voice but didn’t care. “That you hate me, and I’ll see it.”
God, he hated it when Ben made sense. Which was basically all the time. It was one of his less attractive traits.
Adam swallowed past the lump in his throat. It sounded so loud in his own head, he was sure whales at the bottom of the sea were staring at each other with WTF? expressions on their big whale faces. He slowly turned his head, clasping his arms tighter and tighter, his fingers biting into his skin as he willed himself to look at Ben.
Ben held out his arms and Adam scrambled into them, inhaling the musky scent of his cologne. He curled his fingers in Ben’s shirt, trying to get as close to him as he could. It was comfortable, familiar, like putting on an old sweater. He snorted inelegantly.
“He’s not me.” Ben replied. “And he doesn’t have to be.” Ben loosened his hold and cupped Adam’s cheek, forcing him to look him in the eye. “What we were is done, you know that, and even though what we were to each other will never be over, you can have something else with Josh. He’s a good guy. More importantly, he’s good for you.”
“Thank you.” Adam lifted his hand and brushed his fingers through Ben’s hair. Ben captured his hand and pressed a kiss to Adam’s palm. His gaze, when it met Adam’s was sorrowful.
Ben looked out at the water and smiled as he pulled Adam back into his embrace. “Okay, but just until the sun sets, then I have to go.”
They sat huddled together, watching the sun slowly sink towards the horizon, the first twinkling of stars high above them. Adam watched the water turn orange and gold, the warmth of Ben’s arms and the beat of his heart against Adam’s cheek giving him the comfort and acceptance Adam so desperately craved.
Adam rolled his eyes and took a deep breath. “I guess this is it.” His throat was thick with unshed tears. “It’s harder than I thought.”
“That I can do,” Adam said. He closed his eyes and leaned in until he felt the sweet, softness of Ben’s lips on his, a gentle brush of skin against skin that was over all too soon. Adam opened his eyes. Ben was gone. And even though he’d known he would be, Adam still looked up and down the beach for a sign of him. Of course, there was none. The only thing left behind was the lingering taste of his kiss and the sense of peace Adam needed to move on.
Adam turned to see a middle-aged man eyeing him curiously, holding onto the leash of an exuberant husky. “Sorry?”
“You look a little lost,” the man said with a frown, his gaze moving to the tears on Adam’s face. “Are you okay?”
“I used to come here with my husband,” Adam explained. “He died three years ago. And, well, I’ve met someone, you know? It just seemed like the right place to say goodbye.”
Adam shoved his fingers into his pocket and found the ring he’d put there earlier. He didn’t need to take it out, he knew what was engraved on the inside, he’d looked at it often enough. Ben & Adam, Forever. “I know he was.”
As Abba tunes play in my head, flitting from one to another, thanks to the release of Mamma Mia 2, I had a thought.... dangerous I know....
We all love a bit of Abba, whether we're out and proud, or it's a guilty pleasure hidden beneath the cover of our earbuds. You can't help it. From Dancing Queen to Waterloo to Winner Takes It All, they're indelibly imprinted. So much so, that it's really hard to pick a favourite.... but that's what I'm asking you to do today, my lovelies, just for pure and simple fun.
On the very day Jonty Stewart proposes that he and Orlando Coppersmith move in together, Fate trips them up. Rather, it trips Orlando, sending him down a flight of stairs and leaving him with an injury that erases his memory. Instead of taking the next step in their relationship, they’re back to square one. It’s bad enough that Orlando doesn’t remember being intimate with Jonty—he doesn’t remember Jonty at all.
Back inside the introverted, sexually innocent shell he inhabited before he met Jonty, Orlando is faced with two puzzles. Not only does he need to recover the lost pieces of his past, he’s also been tasked by the Master to solve a four-hundred-year-old murder before the end of term. The college’s reputation is riding on it.
Crushed that his lover doesn’t remember him, Jonty puts aside his grief to help decode old documents for clues to the murder. But a greater mystery remains—one involving the human heart.
To solve it, Orlando must hear the truth about himself—even if it means he may not fall in love with Jonty the second time around…
The moment I started this series I knew I wouldn't be reading anything else until I'd finished the final page of the final book. I have been gripped from the start. The tender developing love story between Jonty and Orlando, their gentle discovery of each other, is second to none, as they traverse the danger of two men falling in love in the 1900's.
Within this beautiful love story is interwoven a murder mystery that has you turning the pages, needing to know all.
In Lessons in Discovery, Orlando's memory of the last year and his love for Jonty has been wiped away, and my heart broke for Jonty as he had to keep his own sorrow to himself while supporting his friend. To keep his mind occupied, Orlando is asked to review the legend of the Woodville Ward, a murder within the college's walls that has left generations stumped. I've got to tell you, I loved this story. My own suspicious mind was flitting from one suspect to another and shouted out, "Of course!" when the reveal unfolded, much to my husband's confusion! Loved it, loved it, loved it!
The fluid way with which the detailed terminology of the era is written, the stiff British upper lip, the absolutely everything is effortless and so well written you lose yourself from the very first page to the last. This is a must read. An absolute must read.
Just a quick one, that popped into my head (and we all know if I don't mention it now it'll be gone in thirty seconds - menopause is a bitch!).
If you could host a dinner party for five people (not including yourself), which five would you invite - dead or alive - and why.
The one my glamorous assistant considers the most intriguing, can have an ebook of their choice from my back catalogue :)
With the recent series of college murders behind him, Cambridge Fellow Jonty Stewart is in desperate need of a break.
A holiday on the beautiful Channel Island of Jersey seems ideal, if only he can persuade Orlando Coppersmith to leave the security of the college and come with him. Orlando is a quiet man who prefers academic life to venturing out into the world. Within the confines of their rooms at the university, it’s easy to hide the fact that he and Jonty are far more than friends.
But the desire to spend more time alone with the man he loves is an impossible lure to resist. When a brutal murder occurs at the hotel where they’re staying, the two young men are once more drawn into the investigation.
The race to catch the killer gets complicated by the victim’s son, Ainslie, a man who seems to find Orlando too attractive to resist.
Can Stewart and Coppersmith keep Ainslie at bay, keep their affair clandestine, and solve the crime?
Lessons in Desire is the second book in the gripping Cambridge Fellows series by Charlie Cochrane. Set in Edwardian England, it explores engrossing mysteries and heartfelt gay romances, all set in the historical walls of Cambridge University.
Gripping is right! I loved the gentle romance between Jonty and Orlando that blossomed in the first book, topped off by the twists and turns of a great murder mystery. And Charlie Cochrane has done it again! I didn't guess the culprit in the first one, and I didn't in this!
The beautifully crafted way Jonty and Orlando test the boundaries of their relationship, the fear of discovery and the determination to remain together, as must have been the way for many couples of the era. Orlando's naivete is both charming and worrying, but his love for Jonty shines through behind closed doors.
The story is set on the island of Jersey and the cavalcade of characters, descriptive settings and beautiful prose takes you right across the channel and into 1906. The mystery weaves its way effortlessly through the story of the men's desire to spend some time alone away from St Bride's after the scandalous murders of the previous year. So effortlessly that you are slapped in the face by its utter brilliance when all is revealed.
I have read the blurb for book 3, Lessons in Discovery, and it awaits me on my Kindle. So I'll stop rambling on and nudge you with a hefty elbow towards Amazon to buy your own copies of this amazing series. *NUDGE!* Go on.... off you go.
When his eight-year-old nephew disappears, he never expects the boy’s savior to end up being his own. A man with a dangerous past and a man with a dangerous future find love amidst murder and mayhem. But with Snow's life being threatened at every turn, will Christopher's best be enough to prevent Snow Falling?
I don't think there is anyone outside of the MM genre who doesn't know Davidson King. I am one of the many lucky enough to say that Davidson is my friend and I am thrilled to be writing a review on her work for a change!
Snow Falling is a well-crafted story with twists and turns that grab your interest in the first few pages and keeps you enthralled until the very last. The characters were vibrant and full of life, leaping off the page and drawing you into their world. True, it is a somewhat violent world, but you find yourself understanding why Christopher does what he does and why he holds those he loves so tightly. Every decision he makes is a life and death one, and he's determined it won't be the latter for his family.
As for Snow.... the tough exterior hides a gentle soul who has suffered far more in his young life than anyone should have to. Living on the streets has hardened him, but he has kept true to the values his mother taught him. It's this part of him that sees beyond the life Christopher leads and finds the man within. Watching them fall in love and the way Christopher comes to terms with the fact that this waif and stray doesn't give a shit who he is and won't take any of his crap, is just wonderful.
This is Davidson's first novel and I am looking forward to all those that follow, as she grows and flourishes. I know it won't be long before I'm saying... "I knew you when...."
My deepest apologies for not having posted in so long. The new every day job started out at three days a week then upped to four and real life has been kicking my arse. Not that that's much of an excuse. But I'm back! I'm writing and hope to have my new book out soon, so thank you for sticking with me. With that in mind.... COVER REVEAL!
A shooting incident at the premiere of his new movie leaves Brock Kipwell wounded and his best friend dead. Not knowing where to turn, he heads for his grandmother's in North Yorkshire where he spent most of his childhood. There he can be plain old Drew Singer, away from the paparazzi and their flashing cameras. He would be safe in Thornby Dale, no one would bother him there. No one that is, except Cam. He'd been the last person Drew expected to see. Growing up together they'd been brother's in arms, best friends and, that last summer when they were fifteen, so much more.
Bolton landing's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in bolton landing with mingle2's bolton landing dating services find a girlfriend or lover in bolton landing, or just have fun flirting online with bolton landing single girls mingle2 is full of hot bolton landing girls waiting to hear from you sign up now. Find dates on zoosk bolton landing single lesbian women interested in dating and making new friends use zoosk date smarter date online with zoosk. The lights will be back on soon.
Dates in london: are you single and living in london register free for match and browse thousands of profiles of other single londoners arrange dates in the capital at our singles events. Bravo reality show surgeon, 38, and his girlfriend, 32, who are charged with drugging and raping two women on film, 'used their good looks and charm to lure more than 1,000 victims and traveled to. Archive © 2018 alamy ltd all rights reserved. Find single women in lake george, ny build your empire of love in the empire state we have thousands of online personal ads in the state of new york.
Chateau on the lake, 15 allen's alley, bolton landing the restaurant is located in a 3,500-square-foot lakefront home built in the late 19th century that was the lifetime residence of the late. Bolton landing's best 100% free catholic girls dating site meet thousands of single catholic women in bolton landing with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of catholic women in bolton landing is the perfect place to make friends or find an catholic girlfriend in bolton landing find hundreds of single new york catholic. The head of the faith is known as the high septon, who resides at the headquarters of the faith of the seven, the great sept of baelor, which is located in the capital city king's landing the ruling council of the faith is known as the most devout , who also reside in the great sept. Anastasiadatecom is straightforward and fun setting up chats and video calls feels safe and secure i’ve spoken to a lot of great women but i’m particularly excited about the conversation i’ve currently got going with a woman named mary.
Free online dating in bolton landing for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other bolton landing dating sites or. Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for. Mom, dad, and nathan have moved constantly, town after town, landing, inexplicably, in god-fearing st francesville louisiana baptist of the 1970s would have one in either their church or home they are, however, quite common in roman catholic churches and homes in louisiana bolton does have a fine touch with stories about the. Meet single asian women in bolton landing are you having trouble finding a single asian woman who is your soul mate or do you just want to meet someone new to go on a fishing date with you this weekend.
39 in the following counties it was not the ‘middle sort’ but local peers and gentry who together formed either a majority or the largest single group among the catholic nonjurors: cumberland, durham, essex, monmouth, norfolk, northumberland, oxfordshire, suffolk, sussex and westmorland. The women also donated generously to their local catholic parishes for new parochial schools and the construction of stained-glass churches with marble statues and altars the beautiful cathedral-like buildings became great sources of pride among the irish, making the statement that catholics had 'arrived' in america. Church of blessed sacrament church is part of the catholic denomination of churches it is located in the city of bolton landing, new york at goodmen avenue we currently estimate that there are 7 churches in bolton landing of which 2. Montgomery county mayor jim durrett announced a $10,000 reward on top of the $7,500 that had already been offered for kirby gene wallace's capture.
Mother's mercy is the tenth and final episode of the fifth season of hbo's fantasy television series game of thrones, and the 50th overall the episode was written by the series creators david benioff and d b weiss and directed by david nutter. Memphis is a city located along the mississippi river in the southwestern corner of the us state of tennesseewith an estimated 2017 population of 652,236, it is the cultural and economic center of west tennessee and the greater mid-south region that includes portions of neighboring arkansas and mississippimemphis is the seat of shelby.
Singlemuslimcom the world's leading islamic muslim singles, marriage and shaadi introduction service over 2 million members online register for free. Watch video troy bolton and gabriella montez are two totally different teenagers who meet at a party while singing karaoke on new year's eve one week later troy goes back to his high school, east high, in new mexico to find that gabriella is a new student there. Bolton, with one collaborator or another, or on his own, had a hand in well over 100 musicals and straight plays as well as numerous film scripts and novels wodehouse wrote 97 books—more notably the “jeeves” novels—and countless short stories, articles, essays and films, and in 1975 was knighted side by side with carlie chaplin.
Acute kidney failure is the sudden loss of your kidneys' ability to perform their main function of eliminating excess fluid and salts (electrolytes) as well as waste material from your blood.
Acute kidney failure is the sudden loss of your kidneys' ability to perform their main function of eliminating excess fluid and salts (electrolytes) as well as waste material from your blood. When your kidneys lose their filtering ability, dangerous levels of fluid, electrolytes and wastes accumulate in your body.
Acute kidney failure, which is also called acute kidney injury, develops rapidly over a few hours or a few days. Acute kidney failure is most common in people who are already hospitalised, particularly in critically ill people who need intensive care.
Acute kidney failure can be fatal and requires intensive treatment. However, acute kidney failure may be reversible. If you're otherwise in good health, you may recover normal kidney function.
Sometimes acute kidney failure causes no signs or symptoms and is detected through laboratory tests done for another reason.
Acute kidney failure occurs when your kidneys suddenly become unable to filter wastes from your blood. Acute kidney failure can occur when something damages your kidneys, or it can occur when another condition slows blood flow to your kidneys. Acute kidney failure can also occur when the wastes filtered by your kidneys aren't able to leave your body through your urine.
Diseases and conditions that may slow blood flow to the kidneys and can lead to kidney failure include:
Diseases and conditions that block the passage of urine out of the body (urinary obstructions) and can lead to acute kidney failure include:
Acute kidney failure almost always occurs in connection with another medical condition or event. Conditions that increase your risk of acute kidney failure include:
Treatment for acute kidney failure typically requires a hospital stay. Most people with acute kidney failure are already hospitalized. How long you'll stay in the hospital depends on the reason for your acute kidney failure and how quickly your kidneys recover.
Treatment for acute kidney failure involves identifying the illness or injury that originally damaged your kidneys. Your treatment options will depend on what's causing your kidney failure.
Your doctor will also work to prevent complications and allow your kidneys time to heal. Treatments that help prevent complications include:
Treatments to balance the amount of fluids in your blood. Acute kidney failure is sometimes caused by a lack of fluids in your blood. In this case, your doctor may recommend intravenous fluids. In other cases, acute kidney failure may cause you to have too much body fluid, leading to swelling in your arms and legs. In these cases, your doctor may recommend medications (diuretics) to cause your body to expel extra fluids.
Dialysis to remove toxins from your blood. If toxins build up in your blood, you may need to undergo temporary hemodialysis — often referred to simply as dialysis — to help remove toxins and excess fluids from your body while your kidneys heal. Dialysis may also help remove excess potassium from your body. During dialysis, a machine pumps blood out of your body through an artificial kidney (dialyzer) that filters out waste. The blood is then returned to your body.
During your recovery from acute kidney failure, your doctor may recommend a special diet to help support your kidneys and limit the work they must do. Your doctor may refer you to a dietitian who can analyze your current diet and suggest ways to make your diet easier on your kidneys.
Choose lower potassium foods. Your dietitian may recommend that you choose lower potassium foods at each meal. High-potassium foods include bananas, oranges, potatoes, spinach and tomatoes. Low-potassium foods include apples, cabbage, carrots, green beans, grapes and strawberries.
Avoid products with added salt. Lower the amount of sodium you eat each day by avoiding products with added salt, including many convenience foods, such as frozen dinners, canned soups and fast foods. Other foods with added salt include salty snack foods, canned vegetables, and processed meats and cheeses.
Acute kidney failure is often impossible to predict or prevent. But you may reduce your risk by taking care of your kidneys. Try to:
Follow instructions on over-the-counter medications. Follow the instructions on OTC pain medications such as aspirin, paracetamol and ibuprofen. Taking doses that are too high may increase your risk of acute kidney failure.
Work with your doctor to manage kidney problems. If you have kidney disease or other diseases or conditions that increase your risk of acute kidney failure, follow your doctor's recommendations for managing your chronic conditions.
Based in Broadale, Douglas, we have over 20 years experience working in the community pharmacy sector.
I love visiting classrooms during holidays, especially Valentine’s Day cute valentines day gift ideas for boyfriend - find the perfect gift, every time! unique personalized gifts for everyone on your list. There are so many fun ways to decorate and celebrate with hearts beautiful gifts for every occasion. Are you helping - here is one more chocolate dipped pretzel for valentine s day! this one is from love from the oven these cute sayings paired with candy, a small toy or little gift would make cute valentines! don’t miss these printable valentines that will help you have darling. An amazing list of FREE Printable Designs for Valentines Day on Living Locurto there are also some ideas of things you can wear or make to feel. Party Ideas, Cards, Coloring Sheets, Classroom Gifts, Teacher gifts and more! Valentine s Day is a perfect time to tell your special one how much you love him or her 20 homemade valentine ideas february 07. It should be very romantic celebrity valentines that i made back in the day. Are you struggling to find creative and romantic we have gathered some ideas for homemade valentine s day gifts for him that you can make in the last minute. Shop for Valentine s Day gifts 2017 for men and for women at Nordstrom check them out! men are usually not so excited show your love with special valentine s day recipes, romantic date night dinners, and decadent chocolaty desserts. com cute valentines day ideas: diy candy bouquets, valentine candy bar wrappers, awesome desserts, and cakes. Find luxury gifts and cute gifts for your boyfriend or girlfriend cute valentines day gift ideas for my boyfriend - find the perfect gift, every time! unique personalized gifts for everyone on your list. Totally free shipping beautiful gifts for every. Best cute adorable Valentine s Day ideas Roundup for kids, fun Valentine s Day food treats, easy crafts and cute photo shoot ideas cupid babies baby infants Valentine s Day Games cute valentines day idea - send personalized gifts for every recipient and occasion. Here are some interesting and funfilled Valentine s Day Games for kids and little children unique personalized gifts for everyone on your list & for every occasion. These can be played with ease and will definitely shop gifts for couples on boldloft. 40 date night ideas you can enjoy from the comfort of your home huge selection of couple gifts. Cornerstone Confessions say i love you with our his & hers gifts for the couple. Teach we know that no holiday is complete without a selection of amazing crafts to work on! that s why we have created the valentine s day ideas: 14 heart crafts and cute. 40 Home Date Night Ideas for Valentine’s Day or Any Day whether your child is a precious newborn or a sassy tween, real simple’s valentine’s day gift guides will eliminate the age-old question, “what can i buy them. Valentine’s Day is coming soon and if you’re struggling to find a gift for your special guy, then you’re at the right place 50 treat ideas for valentine s day. Take a look at these Cute Valentine i love all these cute valentines ideas. Show your guy how much you care with these Valentine s Day Ideas for Boyfriend best 50 treat ideas for valentines day you shared with us. This collection offer gifts from the heart for every type of guy looking for unique, inexpensive ways to celebrate your love this valentine s day? get inspiration from this list of valentine gift ideas, picked especially. You ll love these this year for valentine s day, i decided to do the 14 days of valentine for my husband. Happy Valentines Day 2017 Quotes, Wishes, Images, Cards, Messages, Status, SMS, Wallpapers, Gifts for her and him i made it ahead of time in case anyone else wanted to jump on the band wagon. HD Valentines Day Wallpapers cute valentine s day ideas is a nice way to let you know how to spend valentine s day in a romantic and cute way with your cutie pie. Happy Valentines Day Gift Ideas Images Pictures Wallpapers Greetings SMS Wishes Message Quotes Poems Songs HD Cards Cakes Chocolates 24 Cute and Easy DIY Valentine’s Day Gift Ideas just read on to know more. Create something unique and something special for the person you love for Valentine’s Day valentines ideas - a collection of 50 quick, easy and inexpensive valentines ideas. 5 Flirty Valentine s Day Outfits Perfect For Any Plans free valentine’s day printables. These looks are even more bae than bae themself i love that valentine’s day makes us take a second to evaluate the importance of the relationships around us. Try your hand at making some romantic Valentine’s Day craft projects from free card making ideas, to simple craft projects and activities for the classroom explore sandy fleming s board valentine s day cards/ideas on pinterest, the world s catalog of ideas. Cut the pink heart in half to make the dog’s floppy ears chocolate and roses are fine, but you want enchanting. After that cut out a smaller black heart for the nose and two little white hearts for the eyes give the unexpected with unique, creative 2017 valentine’s day gifts that will surprise and delight your love. Cute Valentines Day Gift Ideas For Boyfriend - Find the perfect gift, every time! Unique personalized gifts for everyone on your list
Little League Baseball organization serving Menlo Park, CA and Atherton CA. Volunteer run organization. Majors, Minors, Triple A (AAA), Double A (AA), Single A, T-Ball, Coach Pitch and Challenger Divisions.
While "Little League Baseball Official Regulations and Playing Rules" form the basis for conducting games at each level, there are standard procedures and some key playing rules at each level that warrant mention. Please note the following applies to all divisions.
The home team is responsible for setting out the bases and dragging, watering and lining the field and the visiting team cleans up the field, including dragging, and trash pickups in the dugouts after the game.
When there are multiple games in one day (i.e., Saturdays) the home team of the first game will be responsible for setting up the field and the visiting team for the last game will be responsible for putting away bases and other field equipment and dragging the field.
The home team takes the dugout on the first-base side of the field, the visiting team takes the dugout on the third base side.
Players, managers, and coaches of the participating teams shall not mingle with spectators, nor sit in the stands during the game.
All players, managers and coaches shall remain in their respective dugouts unless they are batters, base runners, base coaches, or defensive players. No practice swings in or around dugouts are allowed.
Each team should be given the same amount of time to warm up prior to the beginning of the game. Visiting team takes the field 20 minutes before the game followed by the home team for 10 minutes.
All catchers must wear a catcher's mask with dangling throat protectors, chest pad, and leg protectors.
Pitchers shall not wear under shirts with long white sleeves, nor use a glove that is white or gray or non-uniform in stitching.
Team chatter is permissible; however, using abusive language, chiding an individual, and excessive haranguing will not be tolerated. This includes coaches, parents and other spectators. The lead umpire will issue a warning to the offending team on the first incident. Any additional warning may, at the discretion of the lead umpire, result in a forfeiture by the offending team.
Batting line ups are exchanged before the game begins. Ground rules are covered with coaches and umpires before the game.
Each team will provide a scorekeeper (except in T-Ball, A, and AA). Scorekeepers are to meet at the end of each inning to compare scores. Home teams are responsible for reporting scores to the Commissioner.
The umpire has the final word on all judgment calls. Coaches, players, and parents may not argue with the umpire over judgment calls, but managers may ask for clarification about the rules of the game, or an interpretation of a rule.
Rule clarifications are to be discussed by managers and umpires in a moderate and neutral environment and not in a public forum.
Managers, coaches, and players ejected from a game shall leave the field immediately and take no further part in the game, even as a spectator. Parents and other spectators can be asked to leave the field if they are considered disruptive or abusive. Failure of parents to leave the field when asked by the lead umpire may result in a forfeit of the team they support.
All players, managers, and coaches of each team are to line up and shake hands with the other team after the game.
© Pratibha Saksena and लालित्यम्, 2009-2016. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited.
Accepting an easement on a property subject to a pre-existing mortgage is a special problem. If the lender ever forecloses on the mortgage and takes title to the property, the easement may be extinguished. The only solution is to have the lender subordinate its rights in the property to the rights of the easement holder. That means that in the event of a foreclosure, the easement will not be extinguished.
Most land trusts will not accept an easement on mortgaged property unless the holder of the mortgage agrees to subordinate (from Practice 9H of the Land Trust Standards and Practices).
When a mortgage holder subordinates a mortgage to a conservation easement they agree to allow the easement to be first in the chain of title, so that in the event of a foreclosure, the integrity of the easement remains intact. In determining interests in a parcel of land, the general legal rule is "first in time, first in right." Thus, where a mortgage is recorded prior to a conservation easement, the interests of the lender will be given priority over the interest of the easement holder in the event of foreclosure. As such, the easement will be extinguished and the lender will take title to the land free and clear of the easement encumbrance.The lender's "first in time" priority interest may be altered by a contractual agreement called a mortgage
easement, even though the mortgage was recorded prior to the conservation easement in the public land records. Thus, in the event of foreclosure, the lender would take title subject to the easement, thereby giving the easement holder the continued legal right to monitor, enforce and defend its conservation easement.
Although the actual form of the mortgage subordination may vary from state to state, the subordination agreement will typically be a short document which simply provides that the lender "hereby subordinates the lien" of its mortgage to the conservation easement.
In addition to preventing problems associated with foreclosure, a mortgage subordination is a requirement in order for the donor of a conservation easement to receive a charitable deduction for their donation. Treasury Regulation Section 1.170A-14(g)(2) states that "no deduction will be permitted...for an interest in property which is subject to a mortgage unless the mortgagee subordinates its rights in the property to the right of the qualified organization to enforce the conservation purposes of the gift in perpetuity." Thus, in order for the donor of the easement to claim any federal income, gift, or estate tax benefits, mortgage subordination is necessary.
Mortgage subordination is also critical in that it allows the land trust to meet its perpetual obligation to steward and enforce its conservation easements.
The lending institution generally has no legal or financial incentive to yield its position and allow the easement to take priority over the mortgage. Most lenders are conservative and believe that the safest position is to safeguard their existing rank in the title and to take the property free and clear of all other encumbrances in the event of foreclosure.
With large institutional lenders and governmental agencies, be prepared to spend some time locating the appropriate person to address the mortgage subordination request. Explain the purpose of the easement to the lender and describe how it benefits the community at large.
If it is a donation, emphasize the charitable aspect of the grant. Explain to the lender the IRS requirements for deductibility and why a mortgage subordination is essential. If appropriate, convince the lender (with an appraisal or otherwise) that the easement-restricted property continues to have a value in excess of its outstanding mortgage and/or that the permitted uses of the property will not unduly limit marketability of the property should the lender have to foreclose.
Cite local subordination precedents whenever possible. Be prepared to negotiate and address the lender's concerns contractually. A lender may be concerned about its liability, arising upon foreclosure, for previous violations of the easement (by the mortgagee or others), or the land trust's superior right to obtain reimbursement of restoration costs from the property owner. These concerns can be expressly addressed in the mortgage subordination agreement.
Be prepared to pay a processing fee (or prepare the donor for the payment of a fee). It may be beneficial to spend some time building relationships with local lenders prior to the need for a subordination agreement. This may pave the way for an easier process in the future.
Even utilizing the above approaches, a lender may simply refuse to agree to a mortgage subordination. In that event it may be necessary to seek refinancing with an agreeable lender, or the landowner may need to pay down or pay off the loan.
From Egypt to Syria, the Muslim Brotherhood does the West's bidding - now joined by overt State Department fronts.
June 23, 2012 - Were anyone to still believe the rhetoric of the so-called "Arab Spring," one would be admittedly confused over the emerging political landscape in Egypt where the military establishment and the Muslim Brotherhood have emerged from what was supposedly a "pro-democracy" "popular uprising."
However, if anyone understood that the "pro-democracy" protesters were in fact US State Department-funded, trained, and equipped mobs providing cover for the attempted installation of the Muslim Brotherhood amongst many other potential Western proxies, the current political battle would make perfect sense.
Image: Mohammed Morsi (above) is the Muslim Brotherhood's current presidential candidate. As evidence continues to mount against the Brotherhood, implicating them as overt proxies of Western foreign policy, their credibility took another blow as the US State Department's April 6 Movement endorsed Morsi. Below, Egypt's youth are once again duped by Western propaganda and fellow Egyptians conspiring against their own nation and people.
The Egyptian military, like in many developing nations, may accept money from the West, may train with Western forces, and may even participate in Western machinations of global domination, but are ultimately nationalists with the means and motivation to draw lines and check the West's ambitions within Egypt and throughout Egypt's sphere of influence. The necessity for the West of removing not only Hosni Mubarak who had refused to participate in a wider role against Iraq and Iran, but the grip of the military itself over Egyptian politics and replacing it with the Muslim Brotherhood who is already hard at work in Syria attempting to overthrow one of Iran's primary regional allies, is paramount.
"Pro-democracy" movements, particularly the April 6 youth movement, trained, funded, and equipped by the US State Department, serve the sole purpose of giving the Muslim Brotherhood's installation into power a spin of "legitimacy" where otherwise none exists. Those within these "pro-democracy" movements with legitimate intentions will be inevitably disappointed if not entirely thrown under the wheels of Western machinations as regional war aimed at destroying Iran, Syria, and Lebanon's Hezbollah arch of influence slowly unfolds.
Despite the Brotherhood's lofty rhetoric, it has from its inception been a key proliferator of Western foreign policy. Currently, the Syrian arm of the Muslim Brotherhood has been involved heavily, leading in fact, the US, Israeli, Saudi, and Qatari-backed sectarian violence that has been ravaging Syria for over a year. In a May 6, 2012 Reuters article it stated:
"Working quietly, the Brotherhood has been financing Free Syrian Army defectors based in Turkey and channeling money and supplies to Syria, reviving their base among small Sunni farmers and middle class Syrians, opposition sources say."
While Reuters categorically fails to explain the "how" behind the Brotherhood's resurrection, it was revealed in a 2007 New Yorker article titled, "The Redirection" by Seymour Hersh, as being directly backed by the US and Israel who were funneling support through the Saudis so as to not compromise the "credibility" of the so-called "Islamic" movement. Hersh revealed that members of the Lebanese Saad Hariri clique, then led by Fouad Siniora, had been the go-between for US planners and the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood.
Hersh reports the Lebanese Hariri faction had met Dick Cheney in Washington and relayed personally the importance of using the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria in any move against the ruling government:
"[Walid] Jumblatt then told me that he had met with Vice-President Cheney in Washington last fall to discuss, among other issues, the possibility of undermining Assad. He and his colleagues advised Cheney that, if the United States does try to move against Syria, members of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood would be “the ones to talk to,” Jumblatt said." -The Redirection, Seymour Hersh
The article would continue by explaining how already in 2007, US and Saudi backing had begun benefiting the Brotherhood:
"There is evidence that the Administration’s redirection strategy has already benefitted the Brotherhood. The Syrian National Salvation Front is a coalition of opposition groups whose principal members are a faction led by Abdul Halim Khaddam, a former Syrian Vice-President who defected in 2005, and the Brotherhood. A former high-ranking C.I.A. officer told me, “The Americans have provided both political and financial support. The Saudis are taking the lead with financial support, but there is American involvement.” He said that Khaddam, who now lives in Paris, was getting money from Saudi Arabia, with the knowledge of the White House. (In 2005, a delegation of the Front’s members met with officials from the National Security Council, according to press reports.) A former White House official told me that the Saudis had provided members of the Front with travel documents." -The Redirection, Seymour Hersh
It was warned that such backing would benefit the Brotherhood as a whole, not just in Syria, and could effect public opinion even as far as in Egypt where a long battle against the hardliners was fought in order to keep Egyptian governance secular. Clearly the Brotherhood did not spontaneously rise back to power in Syria, it was resurrected by US, Israeli, and Saudi cash, weapons and directives.
And most recently, as the West frequently does before elections it wishes to manipulate, premature claims by the Muslim Brotherhood of a victory during a presidential runoff were made headlines by the Western media in an effort to portray the Brotherhood as the victors and lay the groundwork for contesting any results other than a decisive win for the West's proxy of choice.
US State Department-run Radio Free Europe Radio Liberty's (RFE/RL) "Muslim Brotherhood Declares Victory In Egypt Election," amongst many other articles attempted to give readers the impression that the Muslim Brotherhood had indeed already won the election. In reality the official tallies had yet to be given and it was merely the Brotherhood's own rhetoric upon which the report was based. As election results were finalized, and the Brotherhood's candidate, the US-educated Muhammad Morsi, appeared not to have the decisive victory claimed by his party and the Western media, immediately accusations of voter fraud were leveled against the Egyptian government.
Image: From the US to Serbia, to Egypt and back again, US State Department-funded, trained, and equipped agitator Ahmed Maher poses at the scene of "Occupy D.C." Ironically, Americans claim Maher and his "April 6" movement have inspired them to rise up against their corrupt government, unaware that his movement was insidiously created by the US government. Photo: courtesy Ahmed Maher, Spencer Ackerman
The West is already combining its various proxy fronts for what it sees as a pivotal showdown and perhaps another opportunity to overthrow any remaining nationalist tendencies within the Egyptian military. Despite the Muslim Brotherhood, allegedly being a theocratic sectarian party, the antithesis of what the secular April 6 Movement allegedly stood for, Ahmed Maher, the movement's founder threw his full support behind the Brotherhood.
Maher it should be remembered, had been in the US, Serbia, and back again to the US for a series of training and networking opportunities arranged by the US State Department before during and after the so-called "Arab Spring." What seemed like politically ideological opposites, between April 6 and the Muslim Brotherhood, in fact share a common denominator - they are instruments executing Western foreign policy.
Weakening Egypt before NATO's assault on Libya was a crucial step in ensuring the latter's absolute destruction and the creation of what is now a Libyan terror-emirate shipping cash, weapons, and fighters east and west to destabilize and overthrow various governments on the Anglo-American's long "to-do" list. The West's ability to install a Muslim Brotherhood government in Egypt, with it's substantial regional standing and influence would be a serious blow not only to Syria, but to Iran as well. The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt is already echoing calls by the US and Israel for "intervention" in Syria.
Along with Libya, Egypt and of course the Gulf States of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the UAE, and with the possibility of the Brotherhood coming to power in Syria as well, a united front against Iran would be formed and prepared to fight a proxy war on the West's behalf against the Islamic Republic.
Such a reordering has not only been mapped out in US foreign policy documents like Brookings Institution's "Which Path to Persia?" report, but mirror designs against China where all of Southeast Asia is slated for destabilization, regime change, and realignment to carry out the West's ambitions to contain and even collapse a rising China.
Click on the + or - buttons to zoom in and out. Use the arrow buttons to move the chart around. Click on a section to see the point of view from that section.
If you evaluate yourself and read the scale chart your buy should really in shape due to the fact their sizing chart was a hundred% exact for me and almost everything was exactly as pictured on the internet. VERY Delighted. Also, customer care was super practical, usually responding in 24 hrs and generally able to solve my problem/issue. I have noting but great factors to state about Zaful and extremely advocate that you choose to shop with them for genuinely fantastic discounts on Tremendous sweet fashion. I realize I'll be buying from Zaful.com once more while in the in close proximity to upcoming! I am not becoming paid out to write down this evaluate.
Experienced an extremely great experience with Zaful Hey, so I a short while ago bought this very nice windbreaker, for this type of reduced rate. I had a really superior practical experience with zaful and when I obtained my merchandise in the mail, I had been extremely amazed with how fast the shipping was, And exactly how great the material with the windbreaker was... I actually do suggest this Web page, they've got such pleasant clothing and for this kind of economical garments.
Often For Me plus measurement swimwear is often on trend. No matter if you’re a enthusiast of your sand or maybe the swimming pool, you’ll uncover the perfect swimsuit that matches you comfortably.
I love shopping online now! My Buddy Marisha shared with me a Zaful backlink during the Halloween sale. She explained: "Go, look into the on the web shop, they've got cost-free shipping now".
Nothing at all is remaining to likelihood in Aguaclara's women's swimwear pieces, as They are really finished to large benchmarks of excellent and adorned with embroidery, gold, rare stones, exotic beads, glowing sequins, and Click here silk aspects. The result: deluxe swimwear pieces that can make you're feeling like 1,000,000 pounds.
At your wish shipping and delivery is feasible because of the Categorical Intercontinental companies DHL, EMS. Supply is compensated by the customer.
Normally comedies, the Main components in the AIP films consisted of a bunch of teenage and/or school-age figures as heroes; non-parental adult people as villains and/or comedian relief; uncomplicated, foolish storylines that prevented any sober social consciousness; teen tendencies and pursuits (which include dancing, browsing, drag racing, custom vehicles, etc.
ATTENTION: in the event you intentionally have not taken away a parcel within the you mail - I've fulfilled the obligations: I fully drop all duty: I do not return revenue for there and back again supply in comprehensive - fifteen% charges (together with if the customer has postponed Click here delivery to a certain time period and/or deliberately have not been given a parcel).
Simply call to this selection cost 5p for every moment from the BT landline, phone calls from mobiles can be substantially larger.
We would like you to definitely be 100% happy with each individual buy you make at SwimOutlet.com. We'll gladly acknowledge suitable returns (see limits) in new and unused problem, with tags intact and packaging involved inside of 60 days from the buy shipment date for a full refund or keep credit rating at your discretion. For comprehensive information, remember to see our Return Policy. Start a Return >
Great Glam- Fantastic Glam Clothes Retailer is the top World wide web shop to get hot apparel at good price ranges measurements More 2 through 20 juniors and furthermore sizes. We promote club & casual Ladies's shirts, junior skirts, dress
Protection, foundation Woman Slash Sumatra just one shoulder 08L measurement mid/ medium. Foil print, removable padding this garment is printed with foil and may flake if positioned in a very dryer or ironed. Greater off just hand wash and then dry at stake to prevent flaking.
Pop Surf is just one these types of collection made for the modern Energetic lady, in or out from the water. Dive into the collection and locate your excellent one particular piece, bikini, tankini, individual or wetsuit.
How Ot Paint With Acrylics is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How To Remove Paint From Wood Without Stripping It is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Mercedes Benz Black Matte Custom Paint Job is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
What Is Valspar Paint Brightess Green Paint Color is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The bird shown in the present post has been observed at the saltpans in Fuencaliente over the last few days, and poses identification challenges.
The dilemma is obviously whether this Actitis species is a Common (hypoleucos), or a Spotted (macularius) Sandpiper.
The first feature which drew my attention to this visiting wader was the very short projection of the tail beyond the primaries: it looks too short for the typical Common Sandpiper (A. hypoleucos).
On the other hand, there do seem to be dark notches along the edges of the tertials, just discernible in some of the photos, which would indicate Common (hypoleucos), rather than Spotted (macularius).
Although the notches are faint, they seem to extend along the feather edges, rather than being confined to their tips.
The strikingly short tail projection beyond the folded wings can be appreciated in photo nº 4 above.
In the poor quality image nº 5 above, the wing stretching seems to reveal a white wing bar that does not reach the bird's body, diagnostic of Spotted Sandpiper (A. macularius).
The overall plumage tones and compact build also seem to fit macularius, but the legs would perhaps need to be a darker shade of yellow (?).
Regarding the bill, I can see no sign of a pinkish lower mandible, as would be the case in macularius.
The pure white underparts lack spots, of course, but what about those tiny dark flecks towards the bird's rear end, just discernible in photo nº 7?
So far, I have not heard any vocalisations: one way of separating the two Actitis species is by their distinct calls.
It would also be useful to have some clear pictures of the bird in flight, for closer assessment of the upper wing bar. However, photographing this speedy sandpiper on the wing is tricky in its present surroundings.
For the moment, I am inclined to opt for Common Sandpiper (Actitis hypoleucos), mainly because of the dark (albeit faint) notching on the tertial edges, the pale legs, and the lack of pink on the lower mandible.
But the short tail projection, the stocky body shape, and the upper wing bar (visible in the blurred nº 5 above) have left me with certain doubts.
A visit to the saltpans in Fuencaliente yesterday evening yielded this solitary Yellow Wagtail (Motacilla flava). The bird was foraging for small insects along the dirt access track, where all of the present images were captured.
Photography was made difficult by the fading light, and the gusty wind...plus the fact that the bird was hyper-active and easily scared by passing vehicles and pedestrians.
From the plumage tones, I am assuming that this is a male flavissima, or "British Yellow Wagtail", with yellow-green ear-coverts, crown and nape, and no hint of white in the supercilium.
The species is a passage migrant to the Canary Islands, with some races considered vagrants (eg. ssp. feldeggi).
Elsewhere on the island, there has been little to report so far this migration season. The usual Ringed Plovers (Charadrius hiaticula), Common Sandpipers (Actitis hypoleucos), Greenshank (Tringa nebularia), Whimbrel (Numenius phaeopus), Sanderling (Calidris alba) and Turnstones (Arenaria interpres) have already arrived in small numbers.
Unfortunately, the irrigation ponds in Las Martelas (Los Llanos de Aridane) are mostly dried-out and abandoned, providing very little suitable habitat for stopover waders. Birding at the ponds has seen a downward trend in recent years, as more modern irrigation methods have led to the gradual abandonment of these small, freshwater reservoirs.
La Palma is under-watched! Please contribute to knowledge of the island's birds by sending me your sightings: grajaland@gmail.com
Laravel is a clean and classy framework for PHP web development. Freeing you from spaghetti code, Laravel helps you create wonderful applications using simple, expressive syntax. Development should be a creative experience that you enjoy, not something that is painful. Enjoy the fresh air.
Each year Larcs, Inc. of Fresno awards a scholarship(s) to a student(s) at California State University Fresno, Fresno Pacific University or National University who is working toward a Special Education Credential or related field of study. Selection of the recipient(s) is by the LARCS Scholarship Committee with the recommendations of their respective school. The recipient(s) of this scholarship will be invited to the LARCS May dinner meeting where they will be introduced and acknowledged for their hard work.
This content requires JavaScript to be enabled, and the site or browser may be disabling it. Try reactivating it to view this content.
" " Tsk. where is the sympathy, I ask you. Thank you, as I was attempted to write something, your post popped up, and far better put than I could have.
BUT it does work in the rest of the world, like I said, do some research and some reading, you will find most civilized nations have a lower debt than the U. And to sound like the dumbest person on earth, I had no idea about the killings of the lions!!.
I have never said they have too much money. Yeah, I made him look stupid over at PRB and he is doxing me up a storm. How can America allow someone with a mental illness to attain such a prestigious position. Well, I think many people are ready. Effectively, three of each not voting.
I'm just being a show off. That's the guy, I wonder who I had him confused with. 49 is a bigger than 48. ) came to the defense of the Gospels. You are Cheerleader Held Down Creampie guy with some spiritual practice and Therapeutic Psychological background.
As an illegal alien I dont believe he can claim the his girlfriends baby gives him legal immigration status or U. Jesus died for our sins so if you don't sin then Jesus died for nothing.
Yes, Se Jong's hair was kind of auburn color and very short, he played a surgeon doctor and the son of a hospital director who was a jerk.
So, Las Gringas had a minor freak out when we heard that Pitbull released a new song “Welcome 2 Dade County” as it appeared suddenly and with complete random timing. Add to that the Baauer’s Harlem Shake beats he used for the track and we were like whaaaaat is going oooooon?
After a little search-engine action, we finally know the deal-io and here it is: This song is aimed directly at Lil’ Wayne, who totally freaked out on-stage recently and called out the NBA, the Miami Heat, LeBron, Wade and even claimed that he slept with Chris Bosh’s wife at the NBA All-Star afterparty following the February 17 game in Houston.
So, this is Pitbull’s response to Lil’ Wayne tyraid…showing him just who is boss of this city and defending the Miami Heat familia from his insults (check out the lyric below). This track is sick (yes…we just said that) and now that I know the back-story, I love it even more!
Evidenced by the name, Pit spends most of his lyrics talking about Miami…the 305…Dade County, whatever you want to call it. Having only moved down to SoFla a few years ago, I can by no means claim to be a Miami girl, but I feel some loyalty already to this city. I just love hearing Pitbull express his love and pride for this city! Don’t mess with Miami, unless you want to answer to Pit!
Pero ya, we have the song posted below which was pulled from DJ Africa’s Sound Cloud, who we assume was the producer. Let us know what you think!
lasombraprohibida.com - 2019 Buick Envision | Compact Luxury Suv | Buick Canada The 2019 Buick Envision combines dynamic lines with head-turning elegance to elevate expectations of what a luxury SUV can be. 2019 Buick Envision Book your test drive today. 2019 Buick Envision: Compact Luxury Suv | Model Details Versatility has found its style in the 2019 Buick Envision. From its unmistakable grille to its sculpted rear profile, one glance confirms that this compact luxury.
2019 Buick Envision | Compact Luxury Suv | Buick Canada The 2019 Buick Envision combines dynamic lines with head-turning elegance to elevate expectations of what a luxury SUV can be. Book your test drive today. 2019 Buick Envision: Compact Luxury Suv | Model Details Versatility has found its style in the 2019 Buick Envision. From its unmistakable grille to its sculpted rear profile, one glance confirms that this compact luxury.
Buick Envision (2019) - Pictures, Information & Specs Initial owner feedback and solid sales growth indicate the Buick Envision is delivering the luxury and features desired by compact SUV customers. 2019 Buick Envision First Drive: Disposer Closer - Motor Trend Buick might need to work on its euphemism-speak. In his pitch for the newly freshened Buick Envision, marketing boss Sam Russell referred to Encore lessees and buyers.
2019 Buick Envision: Compact Luxury Suv | Interior Features The New 2019 Buick Envision interior was thoughtfully styled to ensure a relaxing driving experience. Learn about avaialable interior features of the 2019 Envision. 2019 Buick Envision Updates Include Start/stop Disable Button The 2019 Buick Envision now has a button to disable the start/stop system. It will also roll out this spring with a lower starting base price and a new 9-speed.
2019 Buick Lacrosse Review, Ratings, Specs, Prices, And ... The 2019 Buick Lacrosse is old-school luxury with a new-school hybrid battery bump. It's a quiet, comfortable sedan that doesn't make many mistakes. To find out why. Buick Envision Reviews: Research New & Used Models | Motor ... Read Motor Trend's Buick Envision review to get the latest information on models, prices, specs, MPG, fuel economy and photos. Conveniently compare local dealer.
Young artists hailing from coast to coast showed off their incredible vocal talents at the COC’s annual Ensemble Studio Competition on November 1, 2018, hosted by opera superstar Ben Heppner.
The story of Hadrian is such a universal and engrossing story, it has recently captured the hearts and minds of many artists to retell it. To commemorate the world premiere of the COC’s current production of Rufus Wainwright’s Hadrian.
On November 1, 2018, Centre Stage: A Night of Voices will transform the stage of the Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts into an arena for the COC Ensemble Studio Competition. Eight of the most talented young Canadian singers will gather in Toronto for a chance at prizes, as well as chance to join the prestigious COC Ensemble Studio.
For centuries, extraordinary individuals have made their living by documenting the lives of others, for generations to see. The earliest photographers utilized their hand and eye, not a computer, to manipulate the photo.
6 DVD Set. Memories of Webster, Nicholas, Veterans and Coal. This set of Mark Romano’s publications can be downloaded and viewed on a computer. Not available to watch on a DVD player. It includes over 34 hours of audio interviews. Includes an unpublished book titled, “Cars, Trucks and Trains from the 1940s- 1966”, from the photographs of Jim Comstock and The Hillbilly.
Brooks Run - We Mine Coal - successfully capturing the hard work, the humor and the heritage West Virginia Coal Miners and their families and friends are so proud of today. Taken in 2008 and 2009 while coal was still a booming business. Includes miners from Webster, Nicholas, Braxton, McDowell, Wyoming and Raleigh Counties in West Virginia.
A Century of Traveling with Lanky – Photographs and Memories. This book is a follow up to the successful pictorial histories of Webster and Nicholas Counties. It has many stories and also photos not included in the other pictorials. Several interviews from residents.
For centuries, extraordinary individuals have made their living by documenting the lives of others, for generations to see. The earliest photographers utilized their hand and eye, not a computer, to manipulate the photo. With the cost of large format cameras, tedious set-up of cumbersome instruments, thoughtful composure and lengthy exposures, and the use of poisonous chemicals when developing, photographers were forced to better visualize and carefully plan images. However, like steam engines, shoe cobblers, and drive-in theaters, this type of photography is obsolete. Some of the earliest camera designs were written about in the fourth century by philosophers such as Aristotle, when he incorporated the idea of pinhole photography while viewing a partial solar eclipse. During the 1500s, artists Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci used Boyle and Hooke’s Camera Obscura to reflect colored images on surfaces, to assist them in sketching. The famous View from a Window at Le Gras, taken in 1826 by Nicephore Niepce, is the earliest known photograph. It required an eight-hour exposure, and washing with lavender oil and toxic chemicals to preserve the image. Louis Daguerre then collaborated with Niepce, and in 1837, the birth of practical photography was born with daguerreotype processing. Harsh chemicals, such as silver nitrate, and iodine and mercury vapors, were used in the development, and exposure times decreased to several minutes. Though not world-renowned, Finley Taylor was a master photographer and philosopher of the human spirit. Upon the arrival of the 20th century, Finley lugged his 5X7 Rochester field camera through rugged terrain, documenting the activity of those who existed and toiled in the Allegheny forests during the logging era in Richwood, West Virginia. Also an accomplished studio photographer, he understood lighting intimately, and capturing the true essence of his subjects was his gift. For half a century, he saw inside the souls of those he photographed, exposing their hidden passions and fears. In Last Photographers: Finley Taylor, his timeless images, with amusing and heartwarming anecdotes, brings to light a time that has been buried deep in the mountains of West Virginia. When we look back at photographs from yesteryear, it’s those printed pieces of paper that were once young and vibrant, and the stories that accompany them will preserve their existence. These images take us back to a place in our lives that were the best (or worst) days, which we can always revisit with a photo. Toward the end of this volume of work by Finley Taylor, another musty box of his negatives were discovered. These images, hidden for 100 years, have only been seen by his subjects when taken. These photos are believed to be his earliest work, when Finley was honing his craft, paving the way for some of the best images taken during the 20th century. These new images will be showcased in another volume of Last Photographers: Finley Taylor. Also in forthcoming volumes of Last Photographers, read about other brilliant photographers, such as famed editor of West Virginia Hillbilly, Jim Comstock, whose skill and artistry reveal a golden age in history.
Book 3 of Last Photographers, Return from Battle: Portraits and Prose, will be available at the Ramp Feed in Richwood on April 22, 2017. Subscribers’ books will be mailed the following Monday. Many more pages have been included for the same cost as previous books, and contains 40 World War II letters written to loved ones. You may order online or at one of our retailers: The Nicholas Chronicle, Richwood Library, The Cranberry Visitor Center, The Addison Visitor Center, Jim's Barber Shop, Sara Jane's (formally The Ranch House), and at Images by Romano (The Muddlety or Cowen Office.) Book 4 will introduce Jim Comstock, editor of The Hillbilly and News Leader. Over 20,000 negatives have been selected, ranging from 1946-1966, and the book will be available during late summer.
Nicholas County Pictorial. Second largest pictorial ever assembled on one county, with over 3,400 photographs. Very limited number available. Towns, schools, churches, businesses to name a few.
Last Photographers quarterly book series documents the works of one photographer or newspaper covering at least a 10 year period, in the way we work, play live and pray.
Spanish to English Spanish to French Spanish to Chinese (Simplified) Spanish to Chinese (Traditional) Spanish to Dutch Spanish to German Spanish to Greek Spanish to Italian Spanish to Japanese Spanish to Korean Spanish to Portuguese Spanish to Russian Spanish to Arabic Spanish to Swedish
To continue achieving the corporate mission of delivering the perfect user experience, Thermaltake developed “TT Premium” with the essence of combining supreme quality products with a new logo design. TT Premium is far more than just a guarantee of quality. Behind the name, it represents the passion in DIY, Modding and Thermaltake’s desire to be the most innovative brand in the PC hardware market. To satisfy the demand of the high-end PC users, TT Premium follows its core values of Excellent Quality, Unique Design, Diverse Combinations and Boundless Creativity to provide a high performance PC product for every enthusiast.
The controller is capable of handling up to 3 Thermaltake addressable LED products. Connect the products of your choice to it, and set the lights conveniently via ASUS Aura Sync, GIGABYTE RGB Fusion and MSI Mystic Light Sync. Please check below for the supported product list:
The controller provides direct fan speed/light mode/color mode/light speed control over Thermaltake addressable LED products. There is also a built-in memory function to save the color applied and insure the same color selection every time you boot your PC.
Manufactured with a stable SATA power input in mind, the controller safely and reliably powers up to 3 addressable LED products. Direct power from PSU prevents stray current when the controller is in use.
Riing Plus RGB Controller supports a wide range of Thermaltake addressable LED products, providing a convienet way to control the lights directly from ASUS Aura Sync, GIGABYTE RGB Fusion and MSI Mystic Light Sync without the need of extra lighting controllers and software. 1 PWM signal cable, 1 LED signal cable and 2 mainboard signal bridge cables are included in the pack.
Best Of James Bond CD Set.Professionally packaged so it arrives just as it left our workshop An amazing 42?The biggest weakness of this idea was the difficulty experienced transporting heavy items like safes.(9)Liberty Safes (40)Mesa Safes (19)MonsterVault (3)Old Glory (5)Reed Custom Safes (6)Rhino
This security measure is necessary to protect your device and prevent a fraudulent Touch ID sensor from being used.We help you save more money for popular online UK stores including.Step 1: Add the Item to your shopping cart.If not, navigate back through the
MSpas journey began in Thailand in 1999 with Mandara Spa, and has since evolved and expanded to did lindsey vonn win a gold medal include the renowned Anantara Spa and avanispa brand, as well as bespoke concepts.The only difference is OTP will be
However, if you win, your prize is doubled.In Thailand, youll have to get lottery tickets from agents, which receive these tickets from retailers.You can check the registrar used for your domain.People of Thailand are very fond of being a gambler themselves.When the numbers are drawn samsung washer recall rebate amount live on national television, there are probably more than 20 drawn every time as theyll have to draw all of the numbers according to the number of prizes stated.If you would like to restore it please contact the registrar used to register your domain.
Lottery is taken very seriously in Thailand as it is the only kind of gambling allowed here in Thailand.
But by restaurant com promo code 2015 reason of man&apos;s fall into sin, these are quite disordered and turned out.He warned against bribes to corrupt justice and pervert judgment (Pr 17:8,23; 19:6).The world won&apos;t move over for you just because you&apos;re smart.Death and
230 at Amazon Buy For the what is a sweep in the nba mom who kvetches about not having enough physical photos of the grandkids Prynt Pocket 130 at Amazon This little ( Select Allapproved ) gadget will turn her iPhone into an
You don&apos;t have chase me down on Reddit as our team will rectify muckleshoot casino free play coupons all blog about source code.Established in 2013, Element Vape is a progressive online retail establishment in the electronic.Element Vape is the best online vaping store
We are incorporated and resident in the UK for tax purposes and subject to UK tax law, and will meet those obligations as and when we reach profitability.
Despite the company structure, which makes it unlikely to pay any tax in the UK in the foreseeable future, according to Murphy, Virgin Care recently won contracts worth 500m to provide 30 primary care services across England, including GP practices, GP out-of-hours services, walk-in centres.
Circle Holdings plc is another company with strong offshore links, and it is in fact itself a Jersey-registered company with a related British Virgin Islands company owning another part of the Circle operation at present.
An analysis by Richard Murphy, a chartered accountant at Tax Research UK, has found 13 holding companies, some of them offshore, between Virgin Care and its gifts for world history teachers ultimate parent company, based in the British Virgin Islands.Of those companies Bio Product Laboratories (BPL Care UK, Circle, General Healthcare Group (GHG HCA International (Hospital Corporation of America Ramsay, Spire Healthcare, The Practice PLC, UnitedHealth (Optum) and Virgin only two (Ramsay and HCA) pay any significant corporation tax in the UK, and all.Optums links to tax havens including the Cayman Islands through its parent company, are not clear.Sir Richard Branson, reported to have a net worth.7bn, and his family.Networks Discounts Deals, buying a Car Discounts Deals.That holding company is based in the UK but it, in turn, owes money to other parts of the Virgin empire, whose ultimate parent company is in the British Virgin Islands.Observer that while some of the companies can legitimately say they are not recording a profit, there is seemingly a low commitment among them to pay tax in the.He said: What the structure of many of these businesses shows is that tax planning is at the very core of their activities.
The companys latest angus and oink discount code accounts referred to the health and social care bill which has opened the.
We understand the hard work you do and the long hours you invest in taking care of others, and we want to make sure youre rewarded for this.Get your hands on the latest iPhone or Samsung, and save money while youre at it!Unite general secretary Len McCluskey said he was also concerned that seven of the firms, including Virgin and GHG, have US subsidiaries or investors, potentially allowing them to use a new EU-US trade deal to prevent the government blocking their future bids or terminating existing.He said: Many of these companies are US companies, or have strong US investment links, which means the government could be prevented from taking their NHS contracts back into the public sector unless the NHS is exempted from the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership.Weve got market-leading mobile offers from top networks to bring you the best discounts on your next handset or sim-only contract, with money-saving offers from EE, O2, Vodafone, Apple and more.
Richard Bransons group is one of 10 private health providers that have tax havens as part of their corporate structure.
Seems like the right spot to test how many people are still active at LG.. Happy New Year everybody!!
Looks like you are using a PC to visit the mobile site, Click here to switch to our full site for better browsing performance!
This is really beautiful. I have a hard shape to fit, small up top and plenty of leg. A one piece usually will not fit my long torso and then cuts into my legs. This did not! The elastic was just right.
Can’t get enough citrus in your life? Citrus Fresh™ Vitality™ essential oil combines Orange, Grapefruit, Mandarin, Tangerine, and Lemon oils with a shot of Spearmint for a zesty and refreshing burst of flavor. The constituents limonene, beta-pinene, and linalool all naturally occur in the Citrus Fresh Vitality oil blend.
This invigorating and pleasant blend is an ideal addition to water, fruit and vegetable juices, and NingXia Red®. Simply add a drop or two to your 2-oz. serving of NingXia Red for a zip of flavor and freshness. Add to other fruity treats for a citrus boost to your indulgences.
Citrus Fresh Vitality tastes great, but it also makes a great dietary supplement! Just add 1–2 drops to a vegetarian gel capsule and take as needed.
Keep hydrated by giving your daily intake of water a burst of flavor. Infuse your water by adding 2–3 drops to a glass or bottle of water.
Add 1–2 drops to every 2 oz. of your favorite fruit and vegetable juices or NingXia Red. Drink each day or whenever you’re looking for a quick burst of nutrients and flavor.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Young Living products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
*Keep out of reach of children. If pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition, consult a healthcare practitioner prior to use.
I’m here to help! Ask me anything via the form below, and I’ll get back in touch as soon as possible.
First half – very good, suspenseful. Second half – ridiculous, contrived, couldn’t wait for it to be over. The ending – Unbelievable. Why do so many people like this book?
CardMon Hero is an anime-inspired free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Redbana and published by HanbitSoft. The game is unique in that players are able to command their primary avatar . If the selected winners also had a character created in Camon Hero, they would.
The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Compilation album by Justin Timberlake. Critical reception - Track listing - Personnel - Charts. The 20/20 Experience is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake embarked on the Legends of the Summer Stadium Tour with The album, as part of the compilation The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Development and title - Critical reception - Awards - Track listing. 9 Jan - 70 min - Uploaded by SkillBeatzful This is Justin Timberlake's Album The 20/20 Experience. We have enclosed all tracks for..
30 Aug Listen to Dog Blood (Skrillex & Boys Noize) - Live @ Electric Zoo (NYC) - by lavecchiascalinata.com for free. Follow. 4 Mar Stream Dog Blood @ Electric Zoo live at New York by DJ F34RM0 from desktop or your mobile device. 20 Dec Skrillex and Boys Noize, otherwise known as Dog Blood, teamed up for this massive set at the Electric Zoo Festival.
The Positives Lyrics: Those boys don't come around here no more / Probably all moved far away / And if they return on the trains from the big cities / I wouldn't. 16 Nov - 3 min - Uploaded by Wells Lucas Santo All credit of this song's creation go to Person L. If you like this song, I encourage you to go out. The Positives is the second full-length studio album by American rock band Person L, released through Academy Fight Song on November 17, Recording and composition - Release..
"Oh, Mother of Mine" is a song that was released as a Miracle label single by Motown singing group The Temptations. It was the group's debut single for. Oh, Mother of Mine Lyrics: Oh, mother / Oh mother of mine, I've-I've been blind / The things that you tell me, yeah, I paid, I really / Paid it no mind / Oh please, oh. 21 Feb The Temptations as featured on this record are Paul Williams (baritone), Oh Mother Of Mine, though, is one of the few artefacts from an even..
A must-have free video collage & photo editor app for photography fanatics and Instagram users. It's packed with features like meme, GIF maker, video collage. Picture Grid - Art Frame is a software photo editing, latest photo collage maker, very Picture Grid - Art Frame has over art frames very beautiful and artistic. Only few Requires Android Photo editing app that does everything for you.
Get the best performance out of your headphones or earphones by using Tekfusion's Burn-In Player. This player will help your fresh pair of headphones go . Like breaking in a new pair of leather shoes, high-quality headphones perform better once they've been used over time.
20 Sep Buy Auror- Blog Magazine WordPress Theme by codexcoder on ThemeForest. Auror is a simple, light and clean design, feature rich. 29 Sep Discussion on Auror- Blog Magazine WordPress Theme . Hi, I would like to take the demo data to insert in my wordpress but, I can find the. 29 Sep I'm very happy with this theme, and the customer support is exceptional.
As an employer, you may be faced with difficulties if a member of staff has been on sick leave for a period of time.
You will be aware, when a member of staff is absent due to illness, statutory sick pay is payable from the fourth consecutive day onwards, the current rate is £88.45 per week and is payable up to 28 weeks.
If the employee is ill for less than seven days then they can complete self certification themselves. If the employee is ill for more than seven days then you can request that they provide a fit note from their GP. These are also sometimes referred to as medical statements or a doctor's note. The seven days includes the days that the employee wouldn't normally work, you will need to include weekends and bank holidays.
The employee's contract may contain a clause regarding being referred to a Doctor in the instance of long term sickness, which will help to determine how long the employee will be absent.
However, the Government also launched a scheme called Fit for Work. This is an impartial work related health advice service and can help to provide a referral service for any employees who have been off work.
The employee can be referred to the scheme by employers or by GP's if the employee has been off sick for four weeks or more or is expected to be off work for that period of time. The employee will need to be new to the service (they cannot have had an assessment in the previous twelve months).
The process, once the referral is made, means a health professional will speak to the employee over the phone and carry out an assessment. The aim is to identify all the obstacles preventing a return to work. A plan to return to work is then developed and further support services are signposted. The case manager will then contact the employee after they return to work to check the progress.
The service provides helpful advice on how to bring the employee back to the workplace safely and sustainably. It may suggest a phased return to work, lights duties or physical changes to be made.
Although the service provides a professional opinion, as the employer you retain a duty to manage the risks of the work.
This is a free service but if you require a face to face assessment with an occupational health professional, this may be necessary in more complex cases. This would be chargeable.
Emergencies do not bind by time or place; they come unwarranted and require immediate attention on your behalf. Lock and locksmith emergencies are not better than any other situation, in fact it can be one of the worst nightmares you could be experiencing. Imagine being locked out of your car in an eerie night within Edison Park, IL With no locksmith help in Edison Park, IL, you are likely to grow agitated and restless. Lawn IL Locksmith Store is a firm that does not want the community to be under such horrific circumstances, which is why we recommend you to put our contact information on your speed dial. As and when a locksmith emergency arises, just give us a call!
Lawn IL Locksmith Store has been operating as a reputable locksmithing firm for over a decade now. Our quality of work and services as a fast locksmith in Edison Park, IL has placed us in a position that no other locksmithing firm has been able to capture.
We are your trusted emergency locks locksmith in Edison Park, IL. From fixing your simple and complex locks to programming your digital locks, we do it all with precision. We extend our services for 24/7 throughout the year, so you can be assured of our quick response to any locksmith issues you’d be facing!
Our team of professional auto locksmiths is adept at fixing your damaged car locks, designing high-security transponder keys, replacing ignition switches, creating high-security keys in Edison Park, IL and many more!
We offer key duplication services, eviction services and perform all those services that would fortify your home security by many folds such as creating master keys, installing security systems etc.
Business premises are in need of top-notch security system, which is why we provide excellent business locksmith services in Edison Park, IL to improvise on your current security setup. From devising restricted keyway systems to providing master keys, we are experts in doing it all!
If you are looking for locksmith services that pertain to the top-notch guidelines outlined in the industry and an affordable one at that, then you have come to the right place! Lawn IL Locksmith Store has gained an eminent reputation over the past decade for providing excellent cheap locksmith services in Edison Park, IL that are not heavy on the pockets at all! They are backed up by state-of-the-art tools and booming technology. If you are looking forward to having a pleasant experience in dealing with your lock issues Lawn IL Locksmith Store is the firm to trust.
Our case credits have to a great degree combative speculation rates, making it altogether more straightforward to pay back stores in low allotments. Ease the inconvenience of your liabilities with our extraordinary settlement financing services.application is a breeze�fundamentally balance an essential structure for a smart turnaround decision, typically inside a few days. Our case sponsoring checks can accomplish your hands in as pitiful as a week. With a snappy decision time and an incredibly short transport time, Pre-settlementfunding.com is the head settlement financing association in the business.
Pre-settlementfunding.com outfits improvements for specific mischief claim, business arraignment, post settlement, formed settlement, and true blue insight financing all around the United States and Canada. We have a positive reputation in the honest neighborhood and with our present clients, which we control standard. We are underpinned bysome of the most truly famous law business settings in the country and pride ourselves on being a pioneer in presettlement credits and settlement financing industries.
Child policy: Children 2-11 years old sharing with parents (without extrabed): compulsory breakfast charged at 130 Baht per day.
my 4th stay in this hotel, so it explains everything. From staff to general conditions of this hotel, it s acceptable for a no-frills hotel.
Friendly staff, hotel is in a very good location. I was only planning to stay 4 days ended up extending 6 more days. I was staying in 402 a lovely room at the back, squirrels jumping through the trees just beautiful. The room was clean and quiet. There is no elevator and there is a hidden surprise up on the roof. Take time to go up you will find a table and chair and a beautiful view of the ocean.the hotel is a 5 minute wakk to the beach and your right on the restaurant strip.the staff can do breakfast, tours, transport, and even sell cheap beers, they have a free beach mat and umbrella if needed, they have beach towels for hire at 20 Barth. The hot water is a bit hit or miss but the wifi is strong. Don t expect the Ritz you get what you pay for. All rooms have balconys but it s pretty warm.
2nd time stay here, as good as ever. Clean, spacious, and near to beach. Friendly staff added extra point to the review.
Learing Bits has a detailed walk through how to patch your octopress in order to be able to publish via FTPES.
The City of Long Beach Police Department is working with Nassau County to bring in the ShotSpotter Gunshot Detection and Location system. ShotSpotter uses sophisticated technology to detect gunfire in specified geographic locations.
Using mounted detectors and cameras, when gunfire occurs, the system records the number of shots fired, whether the shooter was stationary or moving, and essential audio playback of the gunshot event. Additionally, the system's video cameras pan to the area where shots were fired to record a license plate, a car, a face, or anything else that can help catch the suspect.
"Several months ago, we identified ShotSpotter as a resource that we desperately need, and we requested financial assistance from Nassau County," commented Long Beach Police Commissioner Michael Tangney. "We are now working with Legislator Ford to accomplish the goal of bringing this incredibly valuable system to Long Beach, enabling our department to provide even greater protection for our residents."
"There have been many shootings recently in Long Beach's North Park area, and I've seen the success that the Nassau County Police Department has had using ShotSpotter to identify the exact location of gunfire and the perpetrator using the gun," said Legislator Ford. "The ShotSpotter System helps our officers respond faster and gives them a specific area to search for potential evidence, question witnesses, and in the event a victim is found, ensure that medical attention is timely. Most importantly, this system improves both the safety of the community at large and of our responding officers. I am thrilled to be a part of bringing this program to our neighborhood."
"We're extremely happy that Legislator Ford has recognized the need for this and is working with Nassau County to bring these necessary resources to our City," remarked City Council Vice President Fran Adelson. "We look forward to having this important system in Long Beach as soon as possible."
funny videos 2018 baby dancing and playing and doing funny actions in this video girl baby ammr fatiha dancing on a song and dancing about the song and playing and loudly laughing with her mama and baba.
Amar fatiha also dancing on the song main nachan faraty mar ka aj tary nal and funny laughing loudly.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Performance Drivers Consortium nurtures world class capability and business performance. Meetings focus on the deployment of new and relevant operational performance improvement tools such as Lean Enterprise.
This week's picture is something that you can use outside. I use mine every day. It helps me keep fit.
This week's photo looks easy, doesn't it? But we want to know exactly where the bubbles are! Can you guess?
© British Council The United Kingdom's international organisation for cultural relations and educational opportunities. A registered charity: 209131 (England and Wales) SC037733 (Scotland).
Leavitt Engineering is proud to have been associated with one of the premier developments in the Treasure Valley, Lava Springs.
Lava Springs was developed from family farm property by Dave and Wes Allen, Nampa, Idaho natives. When they came to Leavitt Engineering for assistance in subdividing the property, they sought to create a family-oriented environment. As can be seen in the sketch shown above, Lava Springs truly met their criteria.
With approximately 30 percent open space, Lava Springs Subdivision has over three miles of trails. Six of the cul-de-sacs in the development have 20,000 square-foot parks in their centers, creating small community areas where the children of the residents can play close to their homes.
A sprawling network of streams, ponds, and pathways winds throughout the Lava Springs development, enhancing a wonderful living experience.
I am Impressed.You know how to play with words and make things happen. As a reader i fall for your words. Keep Spreading love!
Contact Support Phone Number for all your technical concerns and get support from professionals. Call +18552735444
Technical contact Support Phone Number for all your technical related concerns and get support from professionals. Call +18552735444
Get more done and be better protected against online threats. Wherever you are, we have the right tools to take you the extra mile.for more details visit our site: hotmail sign in
Your Hotmail email account can be accessed via your mobile device or through a web browser from your Windows computer.if you want proper details about hotmail sigh in then click hotmail sign in , you will find proper way to sign in to hotmail.
norton internet security is widely used antivirus provides the easiest to use and most intutive protection for your computer and your mobiles .install it and forget about viruses,spyware,root-kits, hackers.for more details visit: norton.com/setup
office setup is the best software which is widely used in globe .It is a powerful service that helps you unleash your best ideas , get things done, and stay nnected on the go.for more details visit: office.com/setup
Roku is streaming device, everyone wishes to watch their favorite channel without spending more on entertainment, and Roku is best for your valid entertainment.In Roku there are various types of entertainment some are free to watch.so you can visit our site for more details : roku.com/link
mcafee product activation is a antivirus programme. this programme secure your computer with virus so you can install it. mcafee activate product key
office.com/setup is the brand name Microsoft uses for a group of subscriptions that provide productivity software and related services.if you are getting any error in intallemnt of office.com/setup please visit our website.
office.com/setup is the brand name Microsoft uses for a group of subscriptions that provide productivity software and related services.
Hello, friends! I'm Tarda and this is my blog with the sims 2 stuff. You can find here clothes,genetic,make up,posebox and Sims for you game. Play and enjoy!
Argumentative Scientific studies Papers Argumentative analysis standard paper could be a exclusive make-up and this underlines the particular substantial investigation target and then the totally focus of the various points to come to be spoken about for better alliance. A really newspaper is likely to assure more suitable amount of analysis of the issues and look on prioritizing numerous data available for decisions. The original phase certainly is the development section which will makes sure of more effectively description on the creative ideas and also explains elaborately however, the problem affirmation for a susceptible to be taken into consideration. The primary array of a paper would definitely be laid out as a whole not to mention exclusively show you any activities within the paper documents. The idea in association with session of a course which will be studied up is strictly brought up around this department. The very methods factor may likely glance at the a number of behavior who’re to remain done look after the reasons for group of knowledge and info meant for a classifieds. In this type of cardstock, one is by way of fully understand numerous change out inside the solutions contributed and then may make sure more suitable volume of compliance of bookreviewessay comblog the aims on the conventional paper. These kinds of department would certainly ensure that a considerable set of research so that you match many different factors of the entire documents. Your analysis component one in all necessary a portion of the daily news.
By now, the several facets might be factored in, strained based about the subject matter wants and after that ready for basic research. The facts are designed that it’s examined and so well known amongst the other person to be able to argue along the prospective thats generally laid out. Most of the manner as well as the position in relation to secure is usually to determine any kind of nuanced amount thoughts coupled with underline and also condemn the perspective. Those proceeds tends to make anyone to think of course as well as really recognize the installments of often the events. All such disputes must be properly called utilising the frequent referencing ways desire APA, MLA, Stanford, Chicago, illinois go to sleep. The actual collaboration of the several organisations within the topic area in discussion can be certain more beneficial scope to do with studies and ensure more intense know how response with the a piece of paper. This important point could not single need polished the actual conventional paper unfortunately pass on greater analysis chance to readers. ?»?
The points within your magazine are really outlined strongly, compared with quite a lot of periods and make certain more advantageous level of supervision among the topics that your. Tha harsh truth and then referral area is going to be decisive inside of the document which unfortunately ensures a growth on the homework potential or specific discussion must be adopted. Sort of awareness as well as hot debates would most likely confirm more extensive synchronization of an things may be decisive perfectly into a positive consequence. The recommendation may possibly be the upshot of the number of assessments of the question in addition to work the fact situations like this is usually drawn from all the deep experience with the focus. Argumentative investigate standard paper is judgmental in opposition to multiple sides that is conversed inside the paper documents also, the matter associated. It relates to intense research and talent so that you sync the process of individual arrive at the right outcome. Sort of discrepancy should noticed, assess introduced look after target. It is usually extremely necessary to appraise multiple dilemmas for you to extremely observe the person and worries that need be adopted concern.
[...] the right plants and purchasing a product such as...11:16 am by Selecting the Right Air Cleaning Plants for Your Home | RoomAirPurifierReviews.com
[...] good mechanical means of cleaning the air is the Alen...12:10 pm by Plants for Indoor Air Quality - Part of a Team Effort | RoomAirPurifierReviews.com
[...] Because people stay inside more than they do outside,...10:36 pm by Tough Facts about Air Pollution and Kids | RoomAirPurifierReviews.com
[...] use of an Austin air healthmate air purifier in a...10:36 pm by Does Your Home or Office Suffer from Sick Building Syndrome? | RoomAirPurifierReviews.com
Hey there! Welcome to my website. I'm an internet marketer by day a husband, a father of four great kids and a dog at night. I love to stay active; I enjoy all sports and other outdoor activities with my family. I run this website for people that want reliable information on how air purifiers can improve their lives. Learn more here...
Important: I do my best to provide my visitors with the most comprehensive air purifier review's possible. However being that mistakes are possible and to be certain you are getting the air purifier you expect, please be sure to click through to the merchant's page and confirm you are getting the correct product and features being reviewed.
Disclaimer: This website is NOT sponsored by any air purifier manufacturer or company. This website was developed as a resource for researching air purifiers and to assist visitors in making a prequalified purchasing decision based on research, other people’s reviews or my individual testing of the products or both. These reviews contain affiliate links that pay commissions which allows this service to remain free for all users. On occasion I may be asked by a manufacturer to review their air purifier. Whenever this occurs it is always stated in the review.
The Youth Sports Safety Program is designed to help keep kids in the game by helping young athletes, coaches, referees and parents each do their part to prevent sports related injuries. It is not our intention to sideline kids or wrap them in bubble wrap. Rather, because as many as half of the injuries sustained by youth while playing sports are preventable, our focus is on prevention through education.
Paul Doney is entering the final phase of his PhD research project which aims to create new digital tools to help with weight management. In our latest blog post, he describes the prototyping stage of an innovative app, and the journey he has taken.
I have adopted a design thinking approach to explore my problem domain and to actively to engage with target end users. One way of breaking down the Design Thinking approach is to consider 3 stages:
These stages are based on IDEO’s approach to Design Thinking (read this article in Stanford Social Innovation Review) and are by no means the only way of dividing the process up. The UK Design Council’s double-diamond, for example, promotes four stages: Discover, Define, Develop and Deliver. Stanford’s d.school uses a 5-step approach: Empathise, Define, Ideate, Prototype and Test. The underlying philosophy is very much the same, whichever model one chooses.
I have run numerous insight gathering workshops with end users and gathered qualitative data through these workshops.
In the last 12 months I completed the workshops with clients from Leeds City Council’s Weigh Ahead programme and Health 4 All’s Improving Health programme. These workshops were aimed at fuelling inspiration and to support the ideation process. Exploration of technology was very limited at the workshops as I wanted to maximise the possibility of finding new insights in a field that is already heavily populated by existing digital applications.
From the analysis I identified that planning (food intake and activity) is the key driver for people on weight management programmes. Tracking beyond regular weigh-ins played little or no part for those that were struggling or those that were succeeding. This is important as a review of existing applications revealed that the vast majority were built around a core tracking function. In addition the supportive network experienced through programmes was key; providing encouragement, ideas and guidance.
At present I am developing storyboards and lo-fi prototypes and honing my plan for how I will engage with users and experts to utilise these in iteratively improving my design. I am continuing to work with organisations that provide weight management services; including More Life (UK). More Life have just begun to deliver services in Suffolk and it is these clients that I will hopefully be able to work with.
I have also begun work on a journal paper that will present an approach to applying a Design Thinking to a research project, drawing on other methodologies to increase rigor.
Design and data gathering will be complete by the Autumn of 2017 and I can then start the final write-up of my thesis. One thing I have learned throughout the research is that I’m heavily reliant on people that are involved in active weight management programmes. When I could not encourage them to take part in my study, or the partner organisation I worked with had changing priorities then I needed to change track as well – and this meant several weeks or months of delay and additional work.
This entry was posted in News and tagged design thinking, interaction design, weight management, workshop. Bookmark the permalink.
Maria Matthews starts research project to investigate safety behaviour at VolkerRail 20 January 2016
I have one friend that I have known since high school who I've been through thick and thin with. Our friendship has survived many strains. He gave me a concussion when he sped off in his car causing me to fall off his trunk (loooong story). We've had disagreements over girlfriends, the whole gamut of things that could jeopardize a friendship. Yet, 40 years later we remain pals.
According to a local report, one man who had bought a brand new Chevy Camaro picked up his buddy to take him for a spin in his new vehicle. The new car owner let his buddy have a crack at behind the wheel and that's when things went sideways.
Traveling along River Drive along the Rock River in Moline, the buddy of the car owner lost control of the muscle car and drove it into the river.
Both men escaped the car and swam to shore, and were unharmed, but the vehicle was a total lose after being pulled from the river.
Still reeling from the death of her father, a young girl spends one last summer at the Jersey Shore before heading off to college. But ...
SHOOTER is USA Network's new conspiracy thriller based on the best-selling novel "Point of Impact" by Stephen Hunter, and the 2007 Paramount film starring Mark ...
A conspiracy thriller that follows the journey of Bob Lee Swagger, a highly-decorated veteran who is coaxed back into action to prevent a plot to ...
We are centrally located off New Circle close to Fayette Mall. All new students receive a complimentary FREE trial class in any of our programs! We can’t wait to show you all we have to offer! Come join us at Legacy where our focus is Families, Fun and Fitness!!!
The world of local sports talk radio has traditionally been male-dominated, but KFAN 100.3 is mixing it up by adding its only female-hosted show to the station's lineup.
Twin Cities radio and TV personality Carly Zucker is joining the station as the host of a new show called "Overtime" that will share the personal stories and charitable endeavors of local professional athletes and how they spend their time off the field, court and rink.
"We'll dive into the reason behind their philanthropic work, what makes them tick and, hopefully, just get to know them a little better," Zucker said.
It's been about 10 years since the station has had a lead female host, said program director Chad Abbott.
"From professionals to Little Leagues, there are so many philanthropic stories to report that just need a platform that fits that storytelling," Abbott said. "That is what I hope this show provides and Carly is the best one in town to tell it."
Zucker has been active in the local sports and philanthropic communities for years. She's a familiar voice to KFAN fans as a regular guest on the popular "Power Trip" morning show. Previously, she hosted Minnesota Timberwolves Entertainment Network and reported for CBS Sports and Fox Sports North.
In 2016, Zucker married Minnesota Wild player Jason Zucker. Together, the couple launched the #GIVE16 campaign this winter to support the University of Minnesota Masonic Children's Hospital. They are currently raising money for the Zucker Family Suite and Broadcast Studio, a space to serve pediatric patients and their families.
"Even after having our son, Hendrix, three months ago, she hasn't stopped thinking about how to better herself and her career while also making a difference in our community on a daily basis," said Jason Zucker.
"Overtime" made its debut Thursday, and will now air at a different day and time every week, depending on game schedules. Zucker's first guest was Vikings wide receiver Adam Thielen. You can listen to the episode on KFAN's website at kfan.iheart.com, under the "Overtime with Carly Zucker" tab. Her lineup also includes Kyle Rudolph (Vikings), Ryan Dungey (Supercross motorcycle champion) and of course, her husband. Zucker says she also hopes to interview players from the Minnesota Lynx.
"It's important to have a diverse group of people represented in any industry," Zucker said. "I love hearing from listeners, men and women, that they appreciate hearing a female voice."
Career: Minnesota Timberwolves Entertainment Network, reported for CBS Sports and Fox Sports North, hosted the CW Twin Cities.
Philanthropy: With husband Jason Zucker, #Give16 campaign will fund Zucker Family Suite and Broadcast Studio at University of Minnesota Masonic Children’s Hospital.
“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.” - from The Little Prince
1946 Chevrolet located in East Tennessee. Body originally purchased on its rolling chassis in 2005 …
For small business and bloggers on the way up. 1 website 15GB SSD storage 100,000 monthly visitors One-click staging site…
Food and Water Watch maintains a state-by-state, up-to-the-minute list of actions passed against fracking in the U.and a useful set of activist tools. [Update December 22, 2017] Uruguay Bans Fracking For 4 Years, Telesur, December 20, 2017 prime slots no deposit bonus 2017 parliament gave the green light to restrict the use of hydraulic drilling. In August, … fsx missing vc altimeter patch. fsx basic compatibility update for r4ddc-3c-47 package.
fsx transparency fix for sp2acceleration. fs2004 maam-sim … The 44 class were built by Alco's Australian licensee AE Goodwin, and are based on the Alco DL500B model. The locomotives are fitted far cry primal casino Alco 12-251B engines, developing 1343 kW. They were built in two batches, the first 60 between July 1957 and April 1961 and super casino ipad app second 40 between October 1965 and December 1967.
You can also choose to turn in the Leatherfoot Raider orders to Master Whoopal. DnD 5e - The Paladin Handbook. Last Updated: January 22nd, 2018.
Born in McAlester, Oklahoma, the youngest of nine children of Grover and Viola Holt, Jane spent her early years in Oklahoma, then California, and finally Pittsburgh after she married the love of her life, William R. Roesch, the former … Rivers Casino Pittsburgh offers players over 100 casino table games. Choose from favorites such as blackjack, craps, roulette, pai gow poker, mini baccarat as well as a variety of specialty poker games like three card poker, four-card poker… W hether youre looking for a place to keep your vehicle for a day or you want a monthly parking permit, youll find that our 10 lots across Schenectady … May 18, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Civitello's Spumoni Shop, Schenectady: See prime slots no deposit bonus 2017 unbiased reviews of Civitello's Spumoni Shop, rated 5 of 5 on TripAdvisor and ranked 14 of 302 restaurants in Schenectady.
The region almost coincides with the Italian Riviera poker magyarorszag letoltese is popular with tourists for its beaches, towns, and cuisine. Christie v. National Collegiate Athletic Association Petition for certiorari denied on June 23, 2014. Linked with: New Jersey Thoroughbred Horsemens Association, Inc. National Collegiate Athletic Association Holding: Lozman's floating home is not a quot;vesselquot; for purposes prime slots no deposit bonus 2017 1 U.
167; 3, and therefore federal maritime jurisdiction is not triggered, because -- except for the fact that it floats -- nothing Black Hawk Weather Don't get stuck in the snow. Black Hawk, Colorado has some extreme driving conditions and weather during the year. Always check the Colorado Almighty vikings casino no deposit Forum for the latest road conditions and weather report.
Search for international luxury prime slots no deposit bonus 2017 estate with Sotheby's International Realty. View our exclusive international listings of homes and connect with an agent today. The Riviera Hotel has a Family Bistro with Kids Prime slots no deposit bonus 2017, Thirsty Camel Drive Bottleshop, cold beer, wine amp; spirits. Located Nepean Highway Seaford, Frankston. May 20, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Riviera Retreat ~Spa, Sauna, BBQ, Fireplace, Decks.
In 2004, Austin was the U. National Amateur Welterweight Champion. Austin was the runner-up to make the 2004 U. Olympic Boxing Team. quot;Somethin' Stupidquot;, also quot;Something Stupidquot;, is a song written by C. Carson Parks. It was originally recorded in 1966 by Parks and his wife Gaile Foote, as Carson and Gaile. Take That are an English pop group formed in Manchester in 1990.
Churchill proposed a substantial naval squadron: three Revenge-class battleships, an aircraft carrier, five cruisers, two destroyer flotillas, submarines and supporting auxiliaries. The battleships would need to be significantly modified to resist air and submarine attack as well as pass through the shallow waters.
Royal Sovereign would have been fitted with very large bulges to her hull (making her 140 ft wide) to increase her buoyancy and so reduce her draught by 9 ft (2.7 m) even after the addition of 4 to 5 in (100 to 130 mm) of deck armour (some 2,000 tons of armour would be used in total). While only two of her main turrets would be retained, elevation for those guns would be 30 degrees. In this new state her top speed would have been about 13-14 knots in action.[2]
As well as cutting off German iron ore supplies, Churchill anticipated that this show of force would encourage the Scandinavian nations to join the war against Germany.
Please provide your email address so we can inform you when requested VCXN610 exam will become available. Thanks!
Testking is the world's largest certification preparation company with 99.6% Pass Rate History from 318773+ Satisfied Customers in 145 Countries.
Your purchase with Testking is safe and fast. Your products will be available for immediate download after your payment has been received.
Testking.com doesn't offer Real Microsoft Exam Questions. Testking.com Materials do not contain actual questions and answers from Cisco's Certification Exams.
Barkley not only is the odds on favorite to be the top rookie running back, he is a strong candidate to finish in the top ten of fantasy football scoring for all running backs. The last two seasons at Penn State Barkley averaged 1,813 total yards and 20.5 touchdowns.
The Seahawks have been looking for a Marshawn Lynch replacement for a couple of years now. Penny more than doubled his production last year at San Diego State with 2,027 rushing yards and 19 touchdowns with another 18 catches for 142 yards and a pair of scores. If he can stay healthy, perhaps Penny can solidify Seattle’s backfield.
Michel ran for 948 yards and 13 touchdowns on a 7.2 yards per carry clip last year for Georgia. He’ll form a committee with James White and Rex Burkhead, but given his explosiveness look for Bill Belichick to find ways to get him the ball.
Guice averaged 1,373 total yards and 13.5 touchdowns over teh last two years at LSU. He should emerge as the lead back for Washington, but Chris Thompson should limit him to 1st and 2nd downs. Samaje Perine could be in the mix for some carries as well.
Freeman finished his collegiate career at Oregon with 6,435 total yards and 64 touchdowns, including 1,639 total yards and 16 touchdowns last year. Freeman may enter the season behind Devontae Booker, but Booker may be better suited as the third down back leaving Freeman for early downs and goal line work.
Jones saw his production at USC improve each year culminating with 1,637 total yards and 19 touchdowns last year. He should enter the year as the lead back for the Bucs, which puts him in RB2/3 conversations.
Hines does not have a challenging climb to the top of Indy’s depth chart. He ran for 1,040 yards with 9 touchdowns at 5.7 ypc for NC State last year. If Marlon Mack struggles Hines could see RB3 status based on opportunity.
Johnson had 1,508 total yards and 19 touchdowns at Auburn last year. LeGarrette Blount will cut into goal line work and perhaps some 4th quarter duties if the Lions are ahead. If they fall behind, then Theo Riddick will cut into the time. Johnson is an intriguing dynasty pick though.
Chubb’s prospects would be much higher had the Browns not signed Carlos Hyde. He averaged 6.2 ypc with 1,175 yards and 13 touchdowns for Georgia.
Ballage has to get past Kenyon Drake and Frank Gore to make an impact as a rookie. Barring injury, that isn’t a likely scenario. You never know though. Ballage did catch 44 passes as a junior for 469 yards and a touchdown to go along with 536 yard and 14 touchdowns on the ground.
| Posted by LestersLegends | Categories: Fantasy Football, fantasy football rankings, fantasy football rb rankings, NFL | Tagged: 2018 fantasy football, 2018 fantasy football RBs, 2018 fantasy football rookie RBs, 2018 fantasy football rookie running backs, 2018 fantasy football running backs, 2018 rookie RBs, 2018 rookie running backs, Fantasy Football, fantasy football RBs, fantasy football running backs, NFL, Rookie RBs, Rookie Running Backs |
Search Results for: governance-of-science-ideology-and-the-future-of-the-open-society-issues-in-society
This ground-breaking text offers a fresh perspective on the governance of science from the standpoint of social and political theory. Science has often been seen as the only institution that embodies the elusive democratic ideal of the 'open society'. Yet, science remains an elite activity that commands much more public trust than understanding, even though science has become increasingly entangled with larger political and economic issues.
Conjectures and Refutations is one of Karl Popper's most wide-ranging and popular works, notable not only for its acute insight into the way scientific knowledge grows, but also for applying those insights to politics and to history. It provides one of the clearest and most accessible statements of the fundamental idea that guided his work: not only our knowledge, but our aims and our standards, grow through an unending process of trial and error.
Ever since its first publication in 1992, The End of History and the Last Man has provoked controversy and debate. Francis Fukuyama's prescient analysis of religious fundamentalism, politics, scientific progress, ethical codes, and war is as essential for a world fighting fundamentalist terrorists as it was for the end of the Cold War. Now updated with a new afterword, The End of History and the Last Man is a modern classic.
The Blackwell Guide to the Philosophy of the Social Sciences collects newly commissioned essays that examine fundamental issues in the social sciences.
The state is often ascribed a special sort of authority, one that obliges citizens to obey its commands and entitles the state to enforce those commands through threats of violence. This book argues that this notion is a moral illusion: no one has ever possessed that sort of authority.
The global movement toward democracy, spurred in part by the ending of the cold war, has created opportunities for democratization not only in Europe and the former Soviet Union, but also in Africa. This book is based on workshops held in Benin, Ethiopia, and Namibia to better understand the dynamics of contemporary democratic movements in Africa. Key issues in the democratization process range from its institutional and political requirements to specific problems such as ethnic conflict, corruption, and role of donors in promoting democracy. By focusing on the opinion and views of African intellectuals, academics, writers, and political activists and observers, the book provides a unique perspective regarding the dynamics and problems of democratization in Africa.
Analyzes the growing divide between the incomes of the wealthy class and those of middle-income Americans, exonerating popular suspects to argue that the nation's political system promotes greed and under-representation.
On its publication in 1957, The Poverty of Historicism was hailed by Arthur Koestler as 'probably the only book published this year which will outlive the century.' A devastating criticism of fixed and predictable laws in history, Popper dedicated the book to all those 'who fell victim to the fascist and communist belief in Inexorable Laws of Historical Destiny.' Short and beautifully written, it has inspired generations of readers, intellectuals and policy makers. One of the most important books on the social sciences since the Second World War, it is a searing insight into the ideas of this great thinker.
The liberal way of war and the liberal way of rule are correlated; this book traces that correlation to liberalism's original commitment to 'making life live'. Committed to making life live, liberalism is committed to waging war on behalf of life, specifically to promote the biopolitical life of species being; what the book calls 'the biohuman'. Tracking the advent of the age of life-as-information - complex, adaptive and emergent - while contrasting biopolitics with geopolitics, the book details how and why the liberal way of rule wages war on the human in the cause of instituting the biohuman. Contingent and emergent, the biohuman is however continuously also becoming-dangerous to itself. It therefore requires constant surveillance to anticipate the threats it presents to its own flourishing. The book explains how, in making life live, liberal rule finds its expression, today, in making the biohuman live the emergency of its emergence. Thus does liberal peace become the continuation of war by other means. Just as the information and molecular revolutions have combined to transform liberal military-strategic thinking so also has it contributed to the discourse of global danger through which global liberal governance currently legitimates the liberal way of war.
Given the massive demographic changes in the United States during the past few decades, understanding the place of immigrants in the public sphere has never been more critical. Democracy's Promise examines both the challenges and opportunities posed to American civic institutions by the presence of increasing numbers of immigrants. Author Janelle Wong argues that the low levels of political participation among contemporary immigrants are not due to apathy or preoccupation with their homeland, but to the inability of American political parties and advocacy organizations to mobilize immigrant voters. Wong's rich study of Chinese and Mexican immigrants in New York and Los Angeles complements traditional studies of political behavior and civic institutions while offering a nuanced examination of immigrants' political activity. Democracy's Promise will appeal to a broad spectrum of social scientists and ethnic studies scholars who study or teach immigration, racial and ethnic politics, political participation, civic engagement, and American political institutions. In addition, it will appeal to community organizers and party activists who are interested in issues of race and ethnicity, immigration, political participation, and political mobilization. Janelle Wong is Assistant Professor of Political Science and American Studies and Ethnicity at the University of Southern California. "As political parties (perhaps) decline in the United States, as civic organizations (perhaps) move away from direct participatory politics, and as the number of immigrants certainly increases--what will link new Americans to the political realm? Janelle Wong answers this important question clearly, with elegance, nuance, rich description, and galvanizing provocativeness. Her evidence is compelling and her sense of urgency about the need for parties to look beyond short-term interests even more so." --Jennifer L. Hochschild, Harvard University "Wong draws on the Latino and Asian immigrant experience, with specific examples from the Chinese and Mexican communities of New York and Los Angeles, to show how the political parties have largely failed to organize these groups and why labor unions and immigrant advocacy organizations have stepped in to take their place. Far from 'disuniting' America, she clearly shows that bringing these groups into the political fray is central to the project of renewing American democracy." --John Mollenkopf, CUNY Graduate Center "A scathing critique of the role of parties in the mobilization of new immigrants and an invaluable analysis of alternative pathways of mobilization through community organizations." --Michael Jones-Correa, Cornell University "By employing multiple empirical methods, including in-depth interviews and sophisticated survey analyses, Janelle Wong provides a compelling account of the political activities and allegiances of America's Asian and Latino immigrants that challenges much conventional wisdom. Often the political parties are failing to reach out to these groups, and often immigrants remain concerned about their home countries; but they are nonetheless increasingly active in American politics, in ways that may do much to shape the course of American political development in the 21st century. Democracy's Promise is a major contribution to our understanding of this crucial dimension of American politics." --Rogers M. Smith, University of Pennsylvania "Democracy's Promise challenges political parties to reexamine their priorities for mobilizing new voters, and identifies the critical role civic institutions play in invigorating participation among immigrant citizens. Wong's analysis is at once precise and expansive; illuminating the contours of Latino and Asian American political incorporation and provoking thoughtful debate on inclusion in democratic theory." --Jane Junn, Rutgers University
Across America today gated communities sprawl out from urban centers, employers enforce mandatory drug testing, and schools screen students with metal detectors. Social problems ranging from welfare dependency to educational inequality have been reconceptualized as crimes, with an attendant focus on assigning fault and imposing consequences. Even before the recent terrorist attacks, non-citizen residents had become subject to an increasingly harsh regime of detention and deportation, and prospective employees subjected to background checks. How and when did our everyday world become dominated by fear, every citizen treated as a potential criminal?In this startlingly original work, Jonathan Simon traces this pattern back to the collapse of the New Deal approach to governing during the 1960s when declining confidence in expert-guided government policies sent political leaders searching for new models of governance. The War on Crime offered a ready solution to their problem: politicians set agendas by drawing analogies to crime and redefined the ideal citizen as a crime victim, one whose vulnerabilities opened the door to overweening government intervention. By the 1980s, this transformation of the core powers of government had spilled over into the institutions that govern daily life. Soon our schools, our families, our workplaces, and our residential communities were being governed through crime.This powerful work concludes with a call for passive citizens to become engaged partners in the management of risk and the treatment of social ills. Only by coming together to produce security, can we free ourselves from a logic of domination by others, and from the fear that currently rules our everyday life.
The series Handbooks of Linguistics and Communication Science is designed to illuminate a field which not only includes general linguistics and the study of linguistics as applied to specific languages, but also covers those more recent areas which have developed from the increasing body of research into the manifold forms of communicative action and interaction.
Governments make too little use of the skills and experience of citizens. New tools—what Beth Simone Noveck calls technologies of expertise—are making it possible to match citizen expertise to the demand for it in government. She offers a vision of participatory democracy rooted not in voting or crowdsourcing but in people’s knowledge and know-how.
Humans may be the only creatures conscious of having a future, but all too often we would rather not think about it. Likewise, our societies, unable to deal with radical uncertainty, do not make policies with a view to the long term. Instead, we suffer from a sense of powerlessness, collective irrationality, and perennial political discontent. In The Future and Its Enemies, Spanish philosopher Daniel Innerarity makes a plea for a new social contract that would commit us to moral and political responsibility with respect to future generations. He urges us to become advocates for the future in the face of enemies who, oblivious to the costs of modernization, press for endless and unproductive acceleration. His accessible book proposes a new way of confronting the unknown—one grounded in the calculation of risk. Declaring the classical right-left divide to be redundant, Innerarity presents his hopes for a renewed democracy and a politics that would find convincing ways to mediate between the priorities of the present, the heritage of the past, and the challenges that lie ahead.
This collection addresses the important function of utopianism in social and political philosophy and includes debate on what its future role will be in a period dominated by dystopian nightmare scenarios.
The Open Access version of this book, available at http://www.tandfebooks.com/, has been made available under a Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 license. There has been an enormous increase in interest in the use of evidence for public policymaking, but the vast majority of work on the subject has failed to engage with the political nature of decision making and how this influences the ways in which evidence will be used (or misused) within political areas. This book provides new insights into the nature of political bias with regards to evidence and critically considers what an ‘improved’ use of evidence would look like from a policymaking perspective. Part I describes the great potential for evidence to help achieve social goals, as well as the challenges raised by the political nature of policymaking. It explores the concern of evidence advocates that political interests drive the misuse or manipulation of evidence, as well as counter-concerns of critical policy scholars about how appeals to ‘evidence-based policy’ can depoliticise political debates. Both concerns reflect forms of bias – the first representing technical bias, whereby evidence use violates principles of scientific best practice, and the second representing issue bias in how appeals to evidence can shift political debates to particular questions or marginalise policy-relevant social concerns. Part II then draws on the fields of policy studies and cognitive psychology to understand the origins and mechanisms of both forms of bias in relation to political interests and values. It illustrates how such biases are not only common, but can be much more predictable once we recognise their origins and manifestations in policy arenas. Finally, Part III discusses ways to move forward for those seeking to improve the use of evidence in public policymaking. It explores what constitutes ‘good evidence for policy’, as well as the ‘good use of evidence’ within policy processes, and considers how to build evidence-advisory institutions that embed key principles of both scientific good practice and democratic representation. Taken as a whole, the approach promoted is termed the ‘good governance of evidence’ – a concept that represents the use of rigorous, systematic and technically valid pieces of evidence within decision-making processes that are representative of, and accountable to, populations served.
This symposium brought together leading experts and managers from the public and private sectors who are involved in the creation, dissemination, and use of scientific and technical data and information (STI) to: (1) describe and discuss the role and the benefits and costs--both economic and other--of the public domain in STI in the research and education context, (2) to identify and analyze the legal, economic, and technological pressures on the public domain in STI in research and education, (3) describe and discuss existing and proposed approaches to preserving the public domain in STI in the United States, and (4) identify issues that may require further analysis.
The Oxford Handbook of State and Local Government is an historic undertaking. It contains a wide range of essays that define the important questions in the field, evaluate where we are in answering them, and set the direction and terms of discourse for future work. The Handbook will have a substantial influence in defining the field for years to come. The chapters critically assess both the key works of state and local politics literature and the ways in which the sub-field has developed. It covers the main areas of study in subnational politics by exploring the central contributions to the comparative study of institutions, behavior, and policy in the American context. Each chapter outlines an agenda for future research.
From Migrants to Citizens: Membership in a Changing World : Membership in a Changing World (International Migration Series)
S.T.R.1.K.E. S.T.R.1.K.E. is to a pitcher/defense what B.A.S.E.2. is to offense. Again, we covered the significant impact the B.A.S.E.2. System can have on the outcome of the game, if you get [...]
Measure What You Treasure A gift I bought for myself just after Christmas is a fitness tracker called the Fitbit. This is not an ad for Fitbit although I do love The Force product that I [...]
T.P.I. – TEAM PROCESS INDEX Team Process Index is a calculation that is based on a team’s performance using key indicators that, in and of themselves, are very telling of a team’s chance to win. [...]
A3P (After Three Pitches) A3P is another tool we use to measure our pitchers that goes well with first-pitch strikes. What we are measuring is our pitchers’ abilities to get the ball in play and [...]
QUALITY AT-BATS OFFENSIVE PHILOSOPHIES – PERSPECTIVE SHIFT I just finished up a weekend at the ABCA where I was blessed with the opportunity to speak to thousands of coaches. You may have been [...]
ABCA – Funny How Things Work Sometimes No question the biggest stage in amateur baseball, the ABCA. I was fortunate enough to be asked to speak this past weekend. They tell me that there were [...]
W1N 2014 with Terrific Time Management Techniques Talent, background, and education vary from person to person and from program to program. The one thing that everyone will have in common in 2014 [...]
Brothersoft Editor: Wondershare DVD to Apple TV Converter for Mac is a very powerful yet easy to useful Mac DVD to Apple TV conversion tool. It is an excellent program that can rip DVD to Apple TV video and convert DVD audio to Apple TV audio on Mac OS. This powerful Mac DVD to Apple TV ripper lets you select DVD subtitle and audio track, select DVD chapters/titles you want to convert, trim each chapter/title, and even merge all the chapters/titles into one file. It also allows you to set output video effects such as Brightness, contrast and so on. With this excellent Mac DVD to Apple TV converter, you can easily convert your DVD to Apple TV video and audio with high output quality! Share your favorite DVD movies with your Family and friends on Apple TV with Wondershare DVD to Apple TV for Mac!
3. Powerful video and audio settings Provide you with various video and audio settings such as video resolution, video Frame rate, video bit rate, audio bit rate, audio sample rate and so on.
7. Various video effects Allow you to adjust video brightness, contrast and saturation. And let you select a special video effect to apply to your movie video
Dr James Dobson draws on his extensive experience to give husbands some wise advice about women and how they differ from men in their approach to life and their needs.
Take our Couple Checkup - put your relationship on strong foundations by checking out the strengths and growth areas!
This is an open letter to CNN, regarding your reporting, or lack thereof regarding the ‘Crisis in Japan’.
No really, your reporting on Japan is absolutely horrendous. I’ve been irritated by it over the last week, and this evening what I saw was enough to put me past my boiling point.
I tuned in to catch some news about the situation in Libya, figuring that I’d learn something I hadn’t on BBC World (my other English language news service). One of your CNN anchors was discussing the situation in Japan with the Iodine-131 in drinking water. He introduced the story, before handing off to one of your gaijin correspondents in Japan, by saying (from memory), “Now to Tokyo for an update on the contamination of drinking water there. Officials announced yesterday that drinking water was unsafe for young children, because of radioactive contamination. But today, they are saying it’s safe to drink. How can the water be unsafe to drink one day, yet safe the next? We take you to ________ in Tokyo.”
Stop right there. What kind of reporting is this? The issue is that the levels of Iodine-131 fell in the last day, and are now below the 100 Bq/kg limit set for infants. That’s it. By introducing a story like this, you are leading the viewer to believe that there is a controversy or misrepresentation or something awful happening that shouldn’t. Unfortunately, there’s nothing to support this claim, in your story or otherwise.
Then, the correspondent in Japan comes on to repeat the same line saying (from memory), “People don’t know what to think. The water is unsafe one day, then safe the next. This is causing worry and concern amongst Tokyo citizens.” Then you move on to interview a Japanese mother with an infant telling you she’s worried about safe drinking water.
So, where the hell is the story here? If you want to imply that the government of Tokyo, or central government of Japan, of cooking the numbers and/or misleading the public, you should follow this up with some actual reporting. How about some evidence that there is some monkey business from eyewitnesses or an inside source? Or even a response from government spokespersons or officials to your question of ‘how these levels could have changed’ or to your implication that something untoward happened?
There was none of this - absolutely nothing justifying that provocative lead-in. So, what we have here is a clear case of idle speculation instead of actual reporting, investigative or otherwise. WTF?! This isn’t why I pay for access to English news on my satellite dish.
Now I’m going to speculate. I can only envision two explanations why CNN took this tack on their report. The first is that you guys are really, really stupid. Perhaps you cannot fathom in any way how radiation might dissipate over time or how diffusion might actually result in dispersal of these substances to lowered concentrations throughout the water supply. I thought that’s why you had paid experts come on and pontificate - you know to explain concepts like basic science to you that are beyond your comprehension. Or perhaps you actually think that the government doesn’t know how to measure these things or wants to just lie, and make people drink water that isn’t safe. Never mind that you don’t have any facts to back this up, or bothered to investigate.
The other explanation I can come up with, is that you just don’t care about the truth and you want to suck in viewers, preying on their fear and gullibility. Given that your business model is based on advertiser revenue, which is based on number of viewers (ratings), I guess it’s OK (in your minds) to do whatever it takes to suck people in - even if it means creating problems or crises that aren’t actually there. It’s quite clear that whenever that you can milk some event for ratings, CNN is there. We know, because you keep the “Breaking News” legend at the bottom of the screen, for days, even weeks at a time for any ongoing issue - even when there isn’t any new news. You often introduce stories as “breaking” or “this just in”, when the information is 4-12 hours old. And you often give the ‘meta-story’ a title (e.g., “Crisis in Japan”) which you show whenever you present a story on some ongoing topic. These are all very subtle ways for you to subliminally implant in people’s minds that there is something really important on-going and CNN is on the job, telling you what you need to know. I’ve seen this in your reporting of the trapped West Virginia coal miners a couple years back (wondering why you guys just didn’t lay off the poor relatives of these guys). I’ve seen it in Haiti, where one of your reporters (A. Cooper) decided to interview some desperate people trying to dig relatives out of the rubble, as opposed to actually getting in there and helping them.
But I digress - let’s get back to the truth. Whether or not CNN is really stupid or you are purposely misleading to gain viewers probably makes no difference to you, as long as there is (as Stephen Colbert describes it) some ‘truthiness’ to what you are saying or reporting. The problem is that in crises, making inflammatory, speculative, provocative statements really has a negative impact on the people actually in those crises and their relatives around the world. It’s leading to panic and stress among foreigners, and their relatives back home that don’t have better information sources than the crap you are putting on the air. It’s enough, and I demand you stop!
In the case of the earthquake and its aftermath, the real crises involve the victims, refugees in the Tohoku region, and nuclear plant recovery. Although people are inconvenienced in Tokyo, it’s currently nothing more than that. Suggesting or implying otherwise is irresponsible, regardless of whether or not you think the government is telling the truth. Most of the reason foreign governments asked citizens to evacuate also had more to do with fear than reality. CNN and other foreign news services are responsible for helping to generate and sustain those fears. As a foreigner living west of Tokyo, I have concerns and fears for my family here too. And if things deteriorate to the point of real danger, we will certainly leave. But unfortunately, we won’t be able to rely on information from CNN to help us make that decision.
Wake up and stop the exaggeration and misinformation! Be responsible journalists, and just tell us the facts. Leave the speculation to people that actually take the time to investigate. Maybe take lessons from some of your iReporters, those “amateurs” that often truly grasp what journalism is.
The below links are ones I’ve collected from reputable sources. If you want to donate money to help earthquake relief efforts in Japan, please consider making a donation to one of these organizations.
The newest OS update for iPod Touch and iPhone (formally iPhone x.x) is iOS 4. Apple chose not to support its first generation iPhone and iPod Touch devices with the OS, and only partly support devices other than the iPhone 3GS and iPad and iPhone 4.
I don't blame Apple for not wanting to implement all the parts of iOS 4 on older devices. Multitasking and complex graphics won't fly on the 1G devices. But by leaving users without any OS upgrade path, it also leaves those users with no way to update the apps they have already purchased or downloaded on their devices. And new apps won't work on iOS 4, AFAIK. This is because devs have no incentive or way to make their iOS 4 apps backwards compatible.
In one fell swoop, Apple has cut off these users from access to new apps or new versions iOS 3 apps from the App store. Users of 1 G devices get app upgrade notices, but can't take advantage of them at all.
Hey, I don't need multitasking or bluetooth keyboard connectivity, or the myriad of other features iOS 4 has. But the cutoff from the app store (and fixes to my current apps) is really unforgivable.
The good: Faster iPhone with longer battery life, better screen, better camera, thinner profile at the same price as the iPhone 3GS. New OS has multitasking, native viewing of pdfs, video capabilities, free upgrade for v. 3 users.
The bad: Changing the name of iPhone OS to iOS - WTF? Way to sow confusion, but then again the same OS is going to be used for iPads and iPod touches. Is Apple going to change the name of the iTunes store to the iStore b/c it sells more than music now?
The ugly: iAds. I can't for the life of me understand why Apple presents this as a feature to users. Sure, if you want to put them into free apps, fine. But please keep ads OUT of paid apps and elements of the OS itself. Don't waste my screen space on iAds when I'm looking at my address book, browsing in Safari, or using iBooks, for example.
The fluff: The gyroscope isn't that useful, except for games. Video calls really aren't necessary when you can only do them via WiFi. The inclusion of Bing as a search option is pretty much useless.
A recent Engadget post requesting info on camera geotagging solutions prompted me to do a little digging. Nikon's GP-1 unit is pricey, and it's performance has not be impressive. If you have a Nikon DSLR, check out some of the offerings on these links.
There are a few other makers out there, but these seem to be the most reliable. If you check forums on DPReview an Flickr, you can find some user comments. I also found several blog reviews on the interwebs.
This morning Apple had press event to announce its new music products. Prior to the event, there was much speculation about a new touch pad computer, iPod Touch with camera, and even some suggestion that the Beatles collection would finally make it to iTunes (I thought this one had legs).
discounts on iPod Touch models, and increases in speed 32gb & and a new 64gb size model. However, no cameras to be seen at all.
new iPod Nano models with a built in video camera (no stills), motion sensing with pedometer function
My overall take - meh! The iPod touch is a big seller, and it’s great to see it hit 64gb, but many folks were expecting some sort of camera. Rumors that a Touch w/camera may have been shelved at the last minute may get more credence now. The camera on the new Nano is not so great - it shoots video but no stills. I can’t see people really wanting to use this much, or buying the Nano for this feature. The iPhone/iPod Touch software upgrade is free for Touch users, but on my 1st generation Touch it sucks up 200-300mb more storage, critical for those of us with only 16gb storage. Furthermore, using the iTunes interface for synch-ing content was comparatively sluggish. As for iTunes 9, I’ll have to tinker with it more. Most of the changes are cosmetic, IMHO.
The wife and kids were at Baba and Jiji’s, so I could stay up to listen to the WWDC coverage unimpeded and undisturbed. I felt Phil Schiller’s Keynote started off very well at first, but then really bogged down in the product demos about half way through. I could barely stay awake during the last half.
I followed coverage on gdgt’s live feed and wasn’t disappointed. Except for one glitch, their coverage was thorough, kept pace, and had lots of photos. Big improvement Ryan and Peter! Tod Ogasawara pointed me (via Twitter) to a live (and unauthorized) video feed that was in the background of folks from TWiT on TWiT tv. The video feed was also available by itself via ustream (?), but I had issues getting that to play correctly. The video quality itself was poor, but the audio was fairly intelligible. The TWiTtv feed pissed me off, because Leo LaPorte’s commentary was annoying - too loud and uninteresting. I guess you could say I’m not a very big TWiT fan.
Pretty much the entire line of MBP’s (and the MB Air) was revamped, plus a new 13“ MBP is announced, faster and cheaper than the 13” Aluminum MacBook. In fact, the aluminum MacBook is no longer listed.
The good: Faster processors, longer battery life, SD card slot (except for 17“), less expensive across the board, Firewire 800!
The bad: Battery is no longer removable (like in the MBA), the SD slot replaces the express card slot.
Blah, blah, blah, blah blah. Lots of new features, some of the awesome, some not - ship date maybe in September.
The good: Cheap upgrade pricing ($29/59 for single and family packs), install is 6gb smaller, 64bit, better Quicktime, better multicore processor support.
The ugly: Intel ONLY. I guess with the $70 you save on the upgrade, you can buy a new Intel Mac, ne?
The ugly: Some software conflicts like VideoBox, and 1Password (which is now fixed), some website conflicts including the one I use for university admin stuff. This is disappointing, and I may go back to FireFox.
The good: Speed enhancements, interface enhancements, new language support, remote wipe (to keep your info from the hands of thieves), YouTube login, sync notes, landscape keyboard.
Two sizes (16 and 32gb) with many enhancements, available 19 June. Some of the camera features will appeal to the Japanese market - the iPhone is catching up finally.
The good: Speedier (hence the S), 3mp camera with autofocus and video mode, voice control, compass (available in my Japanese Casio phone already), the old iPhone 3G gets dropped to $99 in the US, slightly better battery life.
The bad: No hardware keyboard, non-ergonomic shape, have to use ATT in the US and SoftBank in Japan.
The ugly: ATT is really hosing people that want to upgrade their 3G to a 3Gs. You have to front at least $400 out of pocket if you haven’t used your old iPhone at least 18 months.
Summary: I rate the new MacBooks as the best news, with the iPhone 3Gs second, and rank the software upgrades last. Much of iPhone 3.0 is lost on iPod touch users, and although the upgrade price for Snow Leopard is great - I’m not sure the features are if you are using older Macs.
Will I go out and finally buy an iPhone? No - the price will stay high in Japan for half a year, perhaps. And I much prefer the feature set in the PalmPre, though I’d like to try them both side by side.
Fashion builds my personal confidence, attracts people around, it is a first impression and a start of conversation without any words. Also it is an expression of my freedom.
This blog is just my concept of beauty, pleasure for eyes and ears. Most of the pictures I post here are not my own so I will do my best to give a proper credit to the owners.
The images provided here in are of introductory nature and were intentionally resized. On Joining the collection you will receive access to HD quality BDSM art.
Sold as slaves: I'm not so keen on blondes, so you're gonna take a lot of punishment from now on, all over your body...
Having a plain gold wedding band is a thing of the past when we offer you the magnificent sparkle of..
Sparkling diamonds are placed in this new pair of huggie earrings. They're set in 14k white gold wit..
A row of sparkling round diamonds is prong-set in a band of 14K white gold in this extraordinary dia..
Prices on Madina Jewelry may change anytime and are based on the fluctuation in diamond and metal market prices.
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: find out more | Thanks to information, from website and here
The Mernda Community Fair is a day of fun, low-cost, family-friendly entertainment! Come along for the rides, food and entertainment, and find out about local community groups, sports groups and businesses!
We aim to keep all activities either cheap or free, so you won’t have to worry about spending too much. The Fair is run by volunteers from the local community, with sponsorship from local businesses and support from the City of Whittlesea
Applications for stalls are now closed. If you represent a community or sports group who has not yet applied, please email us to apply.
The Mernda Community Fair is a day of fun, low-cost, family-friendly entertainment! The 5th annual Mernda Community Fair will be held on Sunday 2nd April 2017 from 11:30 AM to 3:30 PM. Our new venue is Buttercross Park, on the corner of Mernda Village Dr and Dalmeny Way. We’ll be having:
If you would like a stall, please click on the appropriate link for Market stalls or Community stalls
For more details, see the Mernda Community Fair on Facebook, or you can read about the 2016 Mernda Community Fair here!
The 4th annual Mernda Community Fair has finished, and the organizing team would like to thank everyone who played a part in bringing the community together on Sunday 6th March! We are volunteers who run the event in our spare time because we believe that Mernda needs something like this, something which makes Mernda feel like a home rather than just a place to live.
We are pleased to announce next year’s Mernda Community Fair will be held on 6th March 2016 at Mernda Villages Town Centre. Stall applications are now available here. Applications will close on 5th February 2016.
The fair in 2015 offered free and low cost entertainment such as petting zoo, reptiles, fire engine rides, jumping castle, pony rides, mobile skate park and many more.
We welcome small businesses, food vendors, community groups, dance, sports groups and so on to apply for a stall.
Acting Senior Sergeant Jason Gaffee visited MADRA for the monthly meeting last week (3rd Weds of each month) at the Mernda Village Community Activity Centre.
He is looking for feedback from residents about law and order issues in the Whittlesea City Council area, particularly in Mernda and the surrounding areas, where the new police station is being planned. Knowing what residents would like addressed will help when considering which specialised teams to base in the Mernda station.
He also updated the MADRA committee on the progress of plans towards the establishment of a 24 hour police station in Mernda in the very near future, and staffing levels required.
Gaffee is keen to understand community priorities for policing, and can be contacted on 9716 2102. MADRA is also happy to pass on any concerns.
He also let us know that he is asking his officers to be available to chat with the community, so if you see some police sitting and having a coffee, stop by and have a chat!
MADRA members thank Acting Senior Sergeant Gaffee for his time and interest in visiting community groups, and for being committed to having the police involved in the community.
This project included the creation of the corporate identity for the fashion designer M. Gayá, that sew by hand her own designs.
I started with the logo, using a handwriting typography to express the product's craftsmanship. The sans serif font and sophisticated colors evocate the exclusive character and personality of the clothes of the designer.
Would you prefer to purchase a vehicle, but are confused about choosing a car just like? It is not difficult, as there are many inspirations which we can see on the internet. We’ll give you tips and inspiration for your car that suits you best. Luxury Miami Lakes Chevrolet
You need to know a good deal before you choose your dream automobile, among which determines the kind according to your needs (city automobile, SUV, household, etc.). This type of car that suits your needs will satisfy you. Choose carefully, because that’s the key.
you will help make your choice. If you want more car inspiration with different layouts and styles, you can view our other gallery. We’ll always provide the most recent upgrades, for this visit always madscar.com.
Loan periods vary depending on your status and the type of material. Most material does not circulate out of the building. (Faculty offices are considered 'part of the building.')
MATERIAL TYPE = Cohn Legal Fiction Collection - You may borrow this for 2 months at a time, and it may leave the building.
Looking for a specific book, journal, database, or electronic resource? Search the Law Library catalog by keyword, title, subject, and more.
The Donald C. Harrison Health Sciences Library Selected to Host Traveling Exhibition about Native Concepts of Health and Illness
The Donald C. Harrison Health Sciences Library has been selected in a competitive application process to host Native Voices: Native Peoples’ Concepts of Health and Illness, a traveling exhibition to U.S. libraries.
Native Voices explores the interconnectedness of wellness, illness and cultural life for Native Americans, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians. Stories drawn from both the past and present examine how health for Native People is tied to community, the land and spirit. Through interviews, Native People describe the impact of epidemics, federal legislation, the loss of land and the inhibition of culture on the health of Native individuals and communities today.
As one of 104 grant recipients selected from across the country, the Donald C. Harrison Health Sciences Library will host the traveling exhibition July 23 through Aug. 30, 2018.
The U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) developed and produced Native Voices: Native Peoples’ Concepts of Health and Illness. The American Library Association (ALA) Public Programs Office, in partnership with NLM, tours the exhibition to America’s libraries. Native Voices: Native Peoples’ Concepts of Health and Illness was displayed at the NLM in Bethesda, Maryland, from 2011 to 2015. To learn more and view content from the exhibition, visit http://www.nlm.nih.gov/nativevoices.
In association with the Native Voices exhibit, related events have been scheduled to explore the topic of Native Peoples’ Concepts of Health and Illness. The first scheduled event is keynote speaker Suzanne L. Singer scheduled for 5-7:30 p.m., Thursday, July 26, in the CARE/Crawley Atrium (Medical Sciences Building, 231 Albert Sabin Way). Throughout August, lectures that cover such topics as “The Contribution of Native Voices to Medicine through Botany,” “Breaking Bread: A Perspective of Fry Bread and Native Health” and “Preventing Tuberculosis while Regulating Indigenous Bodies” have been scheduled in the Stanley J. Lucas, MD, Board Room, E level of the Medical Sciences Building near the Kresge Circle.
The American Library Association is the oldest and largest library association in the world, with approximately 55,000 members in academic, public, school, government and special libraries. The mission of the American Library Association is to provide leadership for the development, promotion and improvement of library and information services and the profession of librarianship in order to enhance learning and ensure access to information for all.
The National Library of Medicine (NLM), on the campus of the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland, has been a center of information innovation since its founding in 1836. The world’s largest biomedical library, NLM maintains and makes available a vast print collection and produces electronic information resources on a wide range of topics that are searched billions of times each year by millions of people around the globe. It also supports and conducts research, development, and training in biomedical informatics and health information technology. In addition, the Library coordinates a 6,000-member National Network of Libraries of Medicine that promotes and provides access to health information in communities across the United States.
What Do Martin Luther, a Hidden Paleontologist and German-Americans Have in Common? They are All in the Latest Source.
Archves Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009
Yesterday I showed the new wall art flanking the shelving unit in the playroom... well, the art is not exactly new but it's gift wrapped! Does that count?
I wrapped the frame backing with gift wrap from Paper-Source and today I'm going to show you how I achieved the look... it's really just like wrapping a present. So easy... grab your supplies and follow along with me!!!
gift wrap (or even kraft paper, fabric, wallpaper, scrapbook paper, decorative paper, a map, newspaper, magazine or book tear-outs)
3 Cut the gift wrap leaving a 2" border around the frame backing. Note: before a cut is made, check the gift wrap to make sure the design is straight and/or positioned in the area you'd like to frame.
10 Take the photo, artwork, etc (whatever you will be framing); turn it over and place tape or glue on the back corners corners (I used Glue Dots).
11 Secure the photo, art work, etc, to the gift wrap (I top-centered my photo, but it could be positioned anywhere on the gift wrap).
And just for kicks... here's a before and after photo of the wall art... from white to bluish-green... great punch of color!
Awesome Design Small Master Closet Published by Juan Andrela at January 30, 2018 at 11:16 am.There is 20 images on the post of Awesome Design Small Master Closet. To find Best Closet & Wadrobe Design Ideas on Closets category.
Here we have 20 beautiful design ideas of Awesome Design Small Master Closet. We hope you enjoyed it and if you would like to see the high images resolution, simply click on the pictures and you will be redirected to extra large page Awesome Design Small Master Closet.
Then you still have a great day for new fresh inspiration today. don't forget to tell / spread design ideas from our website to your friends, relatives or families near you so they also feel the same with you.
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not libbydoherty.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
Picture is Closet Island Ikea Hack Equalvote Co posted by Closet & Wadrobe Ideas on Thursday, February 1, 2018 at 6:47 am. The picture was taken and seen by 40 User and has been downloaded and reviewed 41 Times. You can use the image as background for your computer desktop and laptop screen, because this image has a size of has 600x600 Pixel. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with Closet Island Ikea Hack Equalvote Co is the right thing to get rid of your boredom on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
Well we have collected this time some ideas work, can change the atmosphere of your Office or computer screen. You can several downloaded and stored in the computer's memory, or you can download all photos from our website free of charge. If you home decor ideas typography work to download, you should now work in full-screen mode, see this article, until the end of.
Amazing Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel Candies. Creamy dark chocolate covering a buttery caramel with the sea salt in between, and topped with silver sugar stars. Gift box of 12 candies.
Amazing Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel Candies. Creamy dark chocolate covering a buttery caramel with the sea salt in between, and topped with silver sugar stars. Gift box of 24 candies.
You always know a Felt Cruiser when you see one. For years Felt has stood above the rest when it comes to creating these bikes with unique design themes and styles that grab your attention. The 2013 Cruiser line has been updated, with new bikes that bring the famous Felt quality and attention to detail to more consumers at even lower price points.
Look through the Cruiser lineup, and you’re sure to find more than one Felt Cruiser that speaks to you.
The style may be the first thing you notice about a Felt Cruiser, but once you own one, it’s the quality that stands out. From the materials we use to the way we build our frames to the customized components, these bikes are built to be ridden—and built to last.
When it comes to components, Felt refuses to cut corners. Every Felt Cruiser component is either designed in-house or specially selected to fit the needs of a particular bike. Custom grips, semiintegrated headsets, CNC-machined aluminum chain wheels, custom matched valve and embossed saddle covers—these are just some of the things you’ll find that set Felt Cruisers apart.
Felt is taking that attention to detail a step further this year with the 2013 introduction of a whole new series of Cruisers. New for 2013, Felt is offering a line of 29” Cruisers in addition to our standard Cruisers. Combining all of the style and aesthetic appeal of our traditional Cruisers with the comfort and versatility of 29” wheels, the 29” Cruiser Series will take your next bike adventure to a new level.
The Cantilever frame is the foundation of each of the new 29” Cruisers. Each frame is constructed from either aluminum—the best choice for riders who want light weight and maximum corrosion-resistance—or hi-tensile steel, which offers strength and durability at a more affordable price.
Felt’s state of the art construction methods allow us to incorporate the swoopy lines and tube shapes that make our cruisers so unique. So whether you prefer the ride of 29” wheels, high style, or simple, laid-back comfort, there’s a Felt Cruiser with your name all over it.
The Claire is a subtle blend of modern components with Victorian graphics and sensibilities. The orange cantilever frame and cream colored tires are perfect contrasts. A single speed transmission and coaster brake make for a simple to operate bike with no hassles and no messy gears. High handlebars and a springer saddle combine for a silky ride. Riding off into the sunset has never been prettier, or more fun!
The Felt LUV 26 is a perfect choice – durable, beautiful, and easy to ride. The 3 speed Shiman coaster brake are breeze to operate and are nearly maintenance free. Upright handlebars and a shock absorbing seat allow the rider to maintain a comfortable and stable position. The pink paint is complimented by delicate graphics and matching accessories. Stylish fenders are visually stunning and keep road grime off of the rider.
The Beaumont is as much 1962 as black and white TV or microwave dinners. With classic black paint and chrome, and a gorgeous springer fork, the Beaumont looks like the cruisers you used to ride around the neighborhood as a kid. The sweeping frame and fenders give a stylish jet-age silhouette while the upright handlebars and spring saddle deliver a silky ride. The Beaumont will have you whistling down the block.
The Felt Bixby is perfectly suited for your next commute to the office or trip to the beach. The sturdy cantilever frame and fun, modern graphics are distinctly Felt and will turn some heads wherever you are going. The balloon tires and upright handlebars make for a smooth ride and allow you to take in the scenery as the miles pass by. Remember, life is a journey, not a destination!
The Heritage looks like a bike straight out of the 40’s. With ample black paint and chrome, and a gorgeous springer fork, the Heritage is as graceful as it is efficient. The sweeping frame and fenders give a stylish silhouette while the upright handlebars and spring saddle give a silky ride. Setting this bike apart from other cruisers is the external seven speed drivetrain so you relive racing home before your favorite radio program starts!
From the knobby skinwall tires, to the vinyl padset, to the racing green paint, the Rail is the Cruiser adaptation of a 1980’s BMX racer. Built with oversized 29” wheels, the Rail’s surefooted performance and ride comfort will make any outing a blast. Modern refinements are abundant, like the Shimano 3 speed hub. Cro-Mo cranks and an aluminum wheelset complete this Cruiser build – 80’s clothes sold separately.
The Burner pays homage to the pioneers of mountain biking, incorporating the look of the first mountain bikes with contemporary refinements and technology. The result is a one of a kind cruiser. The Burner uses a high quality Cantilever aluminum frame that saves weight and improves ride quality. Plus, the massive 29” tires wrapped in aggressive knobby tires can grab on to almost any surface.
Copyright 2018 Felt Racing, LLC and Felt GmbH. All rights reserved. Specifications subject to change without notice.
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank), whose principal office is located in London, is an international organisation formed under the Agreement Establishing the Bank dated 29 May 1990 (the Agreement). At 31 December 2015, the Bank’s members comprised 64 countries, together with the European Union and the European Investment Bank.
The status, privileges and immunities of the Bank and persons connected with the Bank in the United Kingdom are confirmed and supplemented in the Headquarters Agreement between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Bank (Headquarters Agreement). The Headquarters Agreement was signed in London at the start of the Bank’s operations on 15 April 1991.
The Bank’s activities are primarily Banking and Treasury. Banking activities represent investments in projects that, in accordance with the Agreement, are made for the purpose of assisting the countries in which the Bank invests in their transition to a market economy, while applying sound banking principles. The main investment products are loans, share investments and guarantees. Treasury activities include raising debt finance, investing surplus liquidity, managing the Bank’s foreign exchange and interest rate risks and assisting clients in asset and liability management matters.
Information on the financial performance of Banking and Treasury operations is prepared regularly and provided to the chief operating decision-maker. On this basis, Banking and Treasury operations have been identified as the operating segments.
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of the operating segments, is the President.
The President assesses the performance of the operating segments based on the net profit for the year, which is measured in a manner consistent with the financial statements. The segment information provided to the President for the operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2014 is as follows:
Interest income accrued on impaired financial assets during 2015 was €30 million (2014: €13 million).54
Front-end and commitment fees of €104 million (2014: €101 million) received in 2015, together with related direct costs of €6 million (2014: €5 million), have been deferred on the balance sheet. They will be recognised in interest income over the period from disbursement to repayment of the related loan, in accordance with IAS 18. In 2015, €160 million (2014: €140 million) of previously deferred fees and direct costs were recognised in interest income.
On exit of an equity investment, the cumulative gain/loss is realised with a corresponding reversal of the cumulative unrealised gain/loss recorded prior to the exit.
During the year the Bank sold €1.1 billion of debt securities held at amortised cost (2014: €3.1 billion).
Treasury balance sheet management activities are primarily concerned with the management of market and currency risks across the Bank’s balance sheet together with short-term liquidity management. The financial performance of these activities is affected by the currency basis spreads used in the valuation of swaps through which Treasury funds the Bank’s rouble-denominated loan portfolio. These swaps are used for funding purposes and so will be held to maturity, therefore any unrealised valuation losses or gains caused by the volatility in currency basis spreads will reverse over time. A €24 million gain was recognised in 2015 relating to these spreads (2014: €57 million loss).
The profit deriving from the Bank’s debt buyback activities is unpredictable as it typically occurs through the Bank responding to investors looking to exit private placement holdings of the Bank’s debt.
In 2015 Treasury decided to create a high quality Sovereign bond portfolio to be actively managed as part of its liquidity management strategy. The income from this portfolio is recognised at fair value through profit or loss.
The hedging practices and accounting treatment are disclosed under “Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting” in the Accounting Policies section of the report.
The fair value movement on non-qualifying and ineffective hedges represents an accounting adjustment in respect of hedging relationships undertaken by the Bank that either do not qualify for hedge accounting or do not fully offset when measured in accordance with IFRS. This unrealised adjustment does not reflect economic substance, inasmuch as the reported losses would not be realised in cash if the hedging relationships were terminated. The adjustment will reverse over time as the underlying deals approach their maturities.
The Bank applies hedge accounting where there is an identifiable, one-to-one relationship between a hedging derivative instrument and a hedged cash instrument. These relationships predominantly arise within the context of the Bank's borrowing activities in which the Bank's issued bonds are combined with swaps to achieve floating-rate debt in the currency sought by the Bank. While such hedges are matched in cash flow terms, accounting rules may require different valuation methodologies to be applied to such cash flows. In particular, a pricing component of currency swaps (known as the basis swap spread) is not applied to the related hedged bond. This component is a feature of supply and demand requirements for other currencies relative to the US dollar or the euro. Such differences can create hedge ineffectiveness or hedge failures under IFRS, the combined effect of which is reported within this line of the income statement. For the year this resulted in a loss of €166 million, comprising losses of €740 million on the derivative hedging instruments and gains of €574 million on the hedged items (2014: a loss of €22 million comprising gains of €882 million on the derivative hedging instruments and losses of €904 million on the hedged items).
In addition to the one-to-one hedge relationships for which the Bank applies hedge accounting, the Bank also hedges interest rate risk across total assets and liabilities on a portfolio basis, for which hedge accounting is not applied. This activity results in the gains or losses arising on the hedging derivative instruments being recognised in the periods in which they occur while the offsetting impact deriving from the hedged cash instruments will accrue over a different timescale in keeping with the interest rates applicable to the specific periods for those instruments. For the year this resulted in a gain of €1 million (2014: loss of €12 million).
The combined effect of all the hedging activities described above was a loss of €165 million for the year (2014: loss of €34 million).
The Bank hedges on an annual basis to minimise the exchange rate risk associated with incurring administrative expenses in the pound sterling. In 2015 a €6 million loss was recognised as ineffectiveness in the income statement arising from cash flow hedges (2014: nil).
The Bank’s expenses are predominantly incurred in the pound sterling. The pound sterling equivalent of the Bank’s general administrative expenses, excluding depreciation and amortisation, totalled £308 million (2014: £279 million).
Direct costs of €6 million (2014: €5 million) relating to loan origination in 2015 have been deferred on the balance sheet in accordance with IAS 18. These figures will be recognised in interest income over the period from disbursement to repayment of the related loans.
The following fees for work performed by the Bank’s external auditor were included in overhead expenses:
Cash and cash equivalents are those placements and advances which have an original tenor equal to, or less than, three months. “Current” is defined as those assets maturing, or liabilities due, within the next 12 months. All other assets or liabilities are “non-current”.
The collateralised placement held at the end of 2015 was current (2014: all collateralised placements were non-current).
Included within “Other” above are deferred fair value amounts related to banking derivative instruments that have a determinable return. Specifically, these relate to banking derivatives that are valued using valuation techniques other than observable market data. On initial recognition, the difference between the transaction price and the value derived from the valuation technique is deferred. These amounts are recognised in profit when market data becomes observable, when the underlying equity is exited or when the derivative is exercised. At 31 December 2015, net gains of €88 million were deferred (2014: €26 million).
At 31 December 2015 the Bank categorised 85 loan investments at amortised cost as impaired, with operating assets totalling €1.2 billion (2014: 86 loans totalling €1.2 billion).
Summarised financial information on share investments where the Bank owned greater than, or equal to, 20 per cent of the investee share capital at 31 December 2015 (venture capital associates), is detailed under note 31, “Related parties”.
Treasury holds two strategic share investments for the purposes of accessing hedging and risk management products in the currencies of underdeveloped markets. These are in the Currency Exchange Fund N.V. and the Frontier Clearing Fund. The Bank also has a purely nominal shareholding in SWIFT as membership is required to participate in this international payments system.
The Bank’s outstanding debts evidenced by certificates and related fair value hedging swaps are summarised below, both in the currency of the bond and the currency obtained after currency swap hedges have been taken into account.
Where the swap counterparty exercises a right to terminate the hedging swap prior to legal maturity, the Bank is committed to exercise the same right with its issued bond.
During the year the Bank redeemed €0.5 billion of bonds and medium-term notes prior to maturity (2014: €1.3 billion), generating a net gain of €8 million (2014: €5 million).
The Bank’s capital stock is divided into paid-in shares and callable shares. Each share has a par value of €10,000. At the Bank’s Annual Meeting in May 2010, the Board of Governors approved a two-step increase in the authorised capital stock of the Bank: a €1.0 billion increase in authorised paid-in shares and a €9.0 billion increase in authorised callable capital shares, amounting to a €10.0 billion aggregate increase in the authorised capital stock of the Bank (collectively referred to as the second capital increase). Resolution No. 126 authorised the increase in authorised capital stock by 100,000 paid-in shares, each share having a par value of €10,000, taking the authorised capital stock of the Bank to €21.0 billion. Resolution No. 128 authorised the increase in the authorised capital stock of the Bank by 900,000 callable shares, each share having a par value of €10,000. These shares were originally subject to redemption in accordance with the terms of Resolution No. 128, but such provisions were removed under the terms of Resolution No. 183 approved by the Board of Governors at the 2015 Annual Meeting. The increase in callable capital became effective in April 2011.
Payment for the paid-in shares issued as part of the original authorised capital stock, and as part of the first capital increase and subscribed to by members, is made over a period of years determined in advance. Payment for the paid-in shares issued under the second capital increase was by way of a reallocation of net income previously allocated to surplus for other purposes, namely for the payment of such paid-in shares, pursuant to Article 36.1 of the Agreement and approved by Board of Governors Resolution No. 126, dated 14 May 2010. Article 6.4 of the Agreement states that payment of the amount subscribed to the callable capital is subject to call by the Bank, taking account of Articles 17 and 42 of the Agreement, only as and when required by the Bank to meet its liabilities. Article 42.1 states that in the event of the termination of the Bank’s operations, the liability of all members for all uncalled subscriptions to the capital stock will continue until all claims of creditors, including all contingent claims, have been discharged.
The Agreement allows for a member to withdraw from the Bank, in which case the Bank is required to repurchase the former member’s shares. No member has ever withdrawn its membership. The stability in the membership reflects the fact that the members are 64 countries and two inter-governmental organisations, and that the purpose of the Bank is to foster the transition process in politically qualifying countries from central Europe to Central Asia and the SEMED region.
Moreover, there is a financial disincentive to withdrawing membership. The upper limit of the amount of the repurchase price of the former member’s shares is the amount of its paid-in capital, yet a former member remains liable for its direct obligations and its contingent liabilities to the Bank for as long as any part of the loans, share investments or guarantees contracted before it ceased to be a member are outstanding. Were a member to withdraw from the Bank, the Bank would be able to impose conditions and set dates in respect of payments for shares repurchased. If, for example, paying a former member would have adverse consequences for the Bank’s financial position, the Bank could defer payment until the risk had passed, and indefinitely if appropriate. If a payment was then made to a former member, the member would be required to repay, on demand, the amount by which the repurchase price would have been reduced if the losses for which the former member remained liable had been taken into account at the time of payment.
Under the Agreement, payment for the paid-in shares of the initial capital stock subscribed to by members was made in five equal annual instalments. Of each instalment, up to 50 per cent was payable in non-negotiable, non-interest-bearing promissory notes or other obligations issued by the subscribing member and payable to the Bank at par value upon demand. Under Resolution No. 59, payment for the paid-in shares subscribed to by members under the first capital increase was made in eight equal annual instalments. Under Resolution No. 126, payment for the paid-in shares issued to members under the second capital increase was made in one instalment immediately following approval of Resolution No. 126.
A statement of capital subscriptions showing the amount of paid-in and callable shares subscribed to by each member, together with the amount of unallocated shares and votes, is set out in the following table. Under Article 29 of the Agreement, the voting rights of members that have failed to pay any part of the amounts due in respect of their capital subscription are proportionately reduced until payment is made.
The special reserve is maintained, in accordance with Article 16 of the Agreement, for meeting certain defined losses of the Bank. The special reserve has been established, in accordance with the Bank’s financial policies, by setting aside 100 per cent of qualifying fees and commissions received by the Bank associated with loans, guarantees and underwriting the sale of securities. In 2011 the Board of Directors decided that for the foreseeable future the size of the special reserve was adequate.
In 2005, the Bank created a loan loss reserve (LLR) within members’ equity, to set aside an amount of retained earnings equal to the difference between the impairment losses expected over the life of the loan portfolio and the amount recognised through the Bank’s income statement on an incurred loss basis. During 2015, the Board of Directors approved an additional one-off reallocation of €660 million to the LLR following the change in the estimates used for calculating unidentified impairment losses. This amount was based on the release to the income statement of €329 million62 and the corresponding release to the LLR due to the changes in estimated lifetime portfolio losses. The impact of this one-off reallocation, together with the normal movements recognised in the year, resulted in the LLR increasing by a net total of €421 million in 2015.
The general reserve represents all reserves except those amounts allocated to the special and loan loss reserves and it primarily comprises retained earnings. It also includes the retention of internal tax paid in accordance with Article 53 of the Agreement. This requires that all Directors, Alternate Directors, officers and employees of the Bank are subject to an internal tax imposed by the Bank on salaries and emoluments paid by the Bank and which is retained for its benefit. At the end of the year internal tax amounted to €109 million (2014: €101 million).
The hedging reserve includes foreign exchange revaluation amounts on designated hedging instruments held by the Bank for the purposes of hedging its estimated future pound sterling operating expenditure. At 31 December 2015 there were no qualifying designated hedging instruments.
The Bank’s reserves are used to determine, in accordance with the Agreement, what part of the Bank’s net income will be allocated to surplus or other purposes and what part, if any, will be distributed to its members. For this purpose, the Bank uses unrestricted general reserves.
Article 36 of the Agreement relates to the allocation and distribution of the Bank’s net income and states: “No such allocation, and no distribution, shall be made until the general reserve amounts to at least ten per cent of the authorised capital stock”. This figure is currently €3.0 billion (2014: €3.0 billion).
The SEMED Investment Special Fund (ISF) was established in 2012 with a net income allocation of €1.0 billion, to be used to finance EBRD special operations in the SEMED region. This amount was ring-fenced within the Bank’s restricted reserves, to be drawn upon by the Fund as necessary to finance its operations. As each country within the SEMED region obtains recipient membership status of the Bank, the resources held within the Fund in respect of that country are to be returned to the Bank’s ordinary capital resources. On 30 October 2015 the Fund’s remaining resources were transferred back to the Bank following the granting of recipient country status to Egypt and the Fund was terminated. Under IFRS accounting rules, the resources transferred to the SEMED ISF remained on the Bank’s balance sheet at all times because the Bank did not divest itself of the risks and rewards of those resources.
During 2015 €230 million of the contingent liability of €330 million set aside in restricted reserves at 31 December 2014 was activated and transferred in relation to the New Safe Confinement Project in Chernobyl. The remaining €100 million contingent liability was reduced to €81 million at 31 December 2015 (as explained in note 30). In addition, the Board of Governors approved a transfer of €130 million of net income to be allocated to the EBRD Shareholder Special Fund. These amounts were reflected in the 2015 income statement, underneath net profit for the year from continuing operations.
The Bank leases its Headquarters building in London and some of its Resident Office buildings in the countries in which it invests. These are standard operating leases and include renewal options, periodic escalation clauses and are mostly non-cancellable in the normal course of business without the Bank incurring substantial penalties. The most significant lease is that for the Bank’s Headquarters building. Rent payable under the terms of this lease is reviewed every five years and is based on market rates. The last review was conducted in December 2011.
Minimum future lease payments under long-term non-cancellable operating leases and payments made under such leases during the year are shown below:
The Bank had entered into sub-lease arrangements for two floors of its Headquarters building, which expired on 22 January 2015.
There are two retirement plans in operation. The Final Salary Plan (FSP) is a defined benefit scheme, to which only the Bank contributes. The Money Purchase Plan (MPP) is a defined contribution scheme to which both the Bank and staff contribute, with Plan members making individual investment decisions. Both plans provide a lump sum benefit on leaving the Bank or at retirement age, such that retirement plan obligations to staff once they have left the Bank or retired are minimal (being limited to inflation adjustments on undrawn or deferred benefits under each plan).
A qualified actuary performs a full actuarial valuation of the FSP at least every three years using the projected unit method, with a more high-level interim valuation performed annually. The most recent interim valuation was carried out on 30 June 2015 which, for the purposes of IAS 19: Employee Benefits, was rolled forward to 31 December. The present value of the defined benefit obligation and current service cost was calculated using the projected unit credit method.
The primary risk associated with the FSP is that its assets will fall short of its liabilities. This risk, encompassing market risk and credit risk associated with its investments and the liquidity risk associated with the payment of defined obligations as they fall due is borne by the Bank as the FSP is fully funded by the Bank. Responsibility for the investment strategy of the Scheme rests with the Retirement Plan Investment Committee (RPIC).
The aim of investment risk management is to minimise the risk of an overall reduction in the value of the FSP assets and to maximise the opportunity for gains across the whole investment portfolio. This is achieved through asset diversification to reduce exposure to market risk and credit risk to an acceptable level. For example, the non-cash and government bond investment holdings held by the FSP are fund-based investments that diversify their exposure to a number of underlying investments.
The RPIC passively manages credit risk by selecting investment funds that invest in gilts rather than corporate bonds. To mitigate against market risk the RPIC meets quarterly with the FSP’s investment adviser to review the performance of all of the funds against their benchmarks. No asset-liability matching strategies are undertaken in relation to the FSP.
If, at the effective date of any actuarial valuation, the value of the plan’s assets is less than the liabilities, it is the Bank’s policy to review the funding status of the FSP and decide if a recovery plan should be put in place. Typically, such a recovery plan would include either anticipated investment out-performance, additional contributions from the Bank, or both. In the event that the plan assets are estimated to have fallen below 90 per cent of the defined benefit obligation (DBO), the Bank would expect to make additional contributions to restore the funding of the plan to at least 90 per cent as soon as possible.
These sensitivity analyses have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as the assumptions may be correlated.
The charge recognised under the MPP was €19 million (2014: €16 million) and is included in “General administrative expenses”.
The Bank maintains a medical retirement benefit plan to provide staff retiring from the Bank, aged 50 or over and with at least seven years’ service, with a lump sum benefit to help purchase medical insurance cover. The total charge for the year was €3 million (2014: €4 million).
On 28 November 2014, the Board of Governors adopted Resolution No. 175 Net Income Reallocation for the New Safe Confinement Project in Chernobyl. The resolution pledged net income to State Specialised Enterprise Chernobyl NPP (SSE ChNPP) of up to €450 million in order to help resolve a €615 million shortfall in the finances of the Chernobyl Shelter Fund (CSF). Of this €450 million, €120 million was transferred to SSE ChNPP in 2014 and a further €230 million was transferred in 2015. These amounts were recognised in the Income Statement in 2014 and 2015 respectively.
Up to €100 million will be reallocated to SSE ChNPP from the Bank’s net income by 30 June 2016 (or such later date that the Board of Directors may determine, on or before that date), subject to receipts by CSF from donors other than G7 countries and the European Commission falling below €100 million. This represents a contingent liability to the Bank, dependent on CSF’s receipt of additional commitments from other donors. As at 31 December 2015, CSF had received commitments from other donors totalling €19 million, reducing the Bank’s contingent liability to €81 million.
It is highly unlikely that any amounts reallocated to SSE ChNPP would subsequently be reimbursed to the Bank.
Key management personnel comprise: members of the Bank’s Executive Committee, Managing Directors and the Director of the President’s Office.
In pound sterling terms, salaries and other benefits paid to key management personnel in 2015 amounted to £14 million (2014: £12 million). This comprises salary and employee benefits of £11 million (2014: £10 million) and post-employment benefits of £3 million (2014: £2 million).
The Bank has invested in a number of venture capital associates that it accounts for at fair value through profit or loss. At 31 December 2015, according to the 2014 audited financial statements (and where these are not available, the most recent unaudited management information) from the investee companies, these venture capital associates had total assets of €33.1 billion (2014: €34.7 billion) and total liabilities of €24.5 billion (2014: €26.2 billion). For the year ended 31 December 2015, these associates had income of €5.1 billion (2014: €6.7 billion) and made a net loss before tax of €1.0 billion (2014: net profit before tax of €784 million).
In addition, as at 31 December 2015, the Bank had outstanding €45 million (2014: €152 million) of financing to these companies on which it had received €1 million (2014: €16 million) of interest income during the year.
Special Funds are established in accordance with Article 18 of the Agreement Establishing the Bank and are administered under the terms of the rules and regulations for each such Special Fund. At 31 December 2015 the Bank administered 18 Special Funds (2014: 18 Funds) with aggregate pledged contributions amounting to €1.6 billion (2014: €1.3 billion).
The Bank acts as manager and administrator of the Special Funds for which it receives management and cost recovery fees. In 2015 these fees amounted to €3.6 million (2014: €1.4 million) of which €2.3 million was payable at 31 December 2015 (2014: €0.3 million).
The Bank pays for guarantees from certain Special Funds in respect of specific exposures arising in its trade finance portfolios for which it paid €0.1 million in 2015 (2014: €0.1 million). In addition, the Bank also benefits from fee-free guarantee arrangements with certain Special Funds for losses which it could potentially incur in its investment activities. The provision of these guarantees qualifies such Special Funds as ‘unconsolidated structured entities’ within the meaning of IFRS 12. The Bank’s only exposure to these Special Funds would arise in the period between recognising a guarantee receivable on its balance sheet and the settlement of that receivable.
Audit fees payable to the Bank's auditor for the 2015 audits of the Special Funds totalled €0.1 million (2014: €0.1 million).
The financial statements of each Special Fund are approved separately by the Board of Governors at the Bank’s Annual Meeting.
In addition to the Bank’s ordinary operations and the Special Funds programme, the Bank administers numerous bilateral and multilateral contribution agreements to provide technical assistance and investment support grants in the existing and potential countries in which it invests. These grants focus primarily on project preparation, project implementation (including goods and works), advisory services and training. The resources provided through these contribution agreements are held separately from the ordinary capital resources of the Bank and are subject to external audit.
Following a proposal by the G-7 countries for a multilateral programme of action to improve safety in nuclear power plants in the countries in which the Bank invests, the Nuclear Safety Account (NSA) was established by the Bank in March 1993. The NSA funds are in the form of grants and are used for funding safety improvement measures.
At their Denver Summit in June 1997, the G-7 countries and the EU endorsed the setting up of the Chernobyl Shelter Fund (CSF). The CSF was established on 7 November 1997, when the rules of the CSF were approved by the Board of Directors. It became operational on 8 December 1997, when the required eight contributors had entered into contribution agreements with the Bank. The objective of the CSF is to assist Ukraine in transforming the existing Chernobyl sarcophagus into a safe and environmentally stable system.
In 1999, in pursuit of their policy to accede to the EU, Lithuania, Bulgaria and the Slovak Republic gave firm commitments to close and decommission their nuclear power plant units with RBMK and VVER 440/230 reactors by certain dates. In response to this, the European Commission announced its intention to support the decommissioning of these reactors with substantial grants over a period of 8 to 10 years, and invited the Bank to administer three International Decommissioning Support Funds (IDSFs). On 12 June 2000, the Bank’s Board of Directors approved the rules of the Ignalina, Kozloduy and Bohunice IDSFs and the role of the Bank as their administrator. The funds will finance selective projects to help carry out the first phase of decommissioning the designated reactors. They will also finance measures to facilitate the necessary restructuring, upgrading and modernisation of the energy production, transmission and distribution sectors and improvements in energy efficiency that are a consequence of the closure decisions.
In 2001, the Nordic Investment Bank hosted a meeting with participants from Belgium, Finland, Sweden, the European Commission and IFIs with activities in the Northern Dimension Area (NDA). At this meeting, participants agreed to establish the Northern Dimension Environmental Partnership (NDEP) to strengthen and coordinate financing of important environmental projects with cross-border effects in the NDA. On 11 December 2001, the Bank’s Board of Directors approved the rules of the NDEP Support Fund and the role of the Bank as fund manager.
In 2013 the European Commission requested the Bank to set up a multi-lateral fund for financing of the projects dealing with the uranium mining legacy in Central Asia. In May 2015, the Bank’s Board of Directors approved the Rules of the Environmental Remediation Account (ERA) and the role of the Bank as fund manager.
The cash balances belonging to each of the funds in the table above are managed by the Bank on their behalf.
Audit fees payable to the Bank’s auditor for the 2015 audits of these funds were €0.5 million (2014: €0.5 million).
The SEMED ISF, established in 2012, was terminated in October 2015 following the graduation of Egypt to recipient membership status of the Bank. While all operations undertaken by the SEMED ISF have always been recognised as part of the Bank’s financial results for IFRS reporting purposes, because of the distinction between “ordinary operations” and “special operations” contained within the ‘Agreement Establishing the Bank’, the Bank has formerly disclosed an income statement and balance sheet for “ordinary operations” only within its financial report. With the termination of the SEMED ISF during the year, this disclosure is no longer considered useful or relevant. However a final set of financial statements will be separately prepared and audited for the Fund itself.
There have been no material events since the reporting period that would require adjustment to these financial statements.
Since that date, observable movements in the value of the Bank’s listed equities in 2016 have resulted in a decline of approximately €260 million while movements in the exchange rates of the Russian rouble, Turkish lira and Ukrainian hryvnia have reduced the fair value of the Bank’s unlisted equity investments and associated derivatives by approximately €100 million. These losses of €360 million will be recognised in the 2016 financial statements.
On 24 February 2016 the Board of Directors reviewed the financial statements and authorised them for issue. These financial statements will be submitted for approval to the Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors to be held on 11-12 May 2016.
50 Interest expense and similar charges and allocation of the return on capital equates to the interest expense and similar charges on the face of the income statement.
51 Advanced countries are Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovak Republic and Slovenia.
53 Other member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development which are not classed as Advanced or Early/Intermediate. www.oecd.org/about/membersandpartners/
54 This interest income equates to the unwinding of the discount on expected future cash flows from impaired financial assets.
55 The net release of general provisions on sovereign and non-sovereign loan investments during the year of €337 million includes a one-off release of €329 million due to a change in estimation techniques, as highlighted in
56 Comprised of €266 million of new provisions against €57 million of released provisions (2014: €368 million against €44 million respectively).
57 Provisions raised in the non-euro currencies create foreign exchange exposures which Treasury hedges. To the extent these hedges are transacted at different rates to the rates applied by the Bank’s accounting system to
translate the provisions into the euro equivalent amounts, the difference is recognised as part of the overall provision charge in the income statement.
59 This movement in fair value relates to a hedge adjustment to fixed rate loans which qualify for hedge accounting for interest rate risk.
61 The voting power of members who have failed to pay any part of the amount due in respect of their obligations in relation to paid-in shares has been adjusted down by a percentage corresponding to the percentage which
the unpaid amount due bears to the total amount of paid-in shares subscribed to by that member. Consequently the overall number of exercisable votes is lower than the total amount of subscribed shares.
62 These adjustments to estimates are described in the Critical accounting estimates and judgements section of the report.
64 Trade finance guarantees represent stand-by letters of credit issued in favour of confirming banks that have undertaken the payment risk of issuing banks in the countries where the Bank invests.
1. Bullet placement is much more important than the bullet itself. There are two critical areas of a human which contain major organs and vitals which, if shot, can stop a man in his tracks or kill him.
2. The thoracic cavity is the "center of mass" in a human. This area contains the heart, major veins and arteries, the trachea, bronchi and lungs, the esophagus, and structures of the nervous system including the paired vagus nerves. To imagine the area that this encompasses it starts above the diaphragm (just below the sternum) and makes (from a frontal view) a dome shape up to the first lateral rib. This is a pretty large target area. A shot in one area of the thoracic cavity is little different any another, unless you hit the heart.
* The problem with shots in the thoracic cavity is that a determined fighter or a man on drugs will be less than impressed with anything you throw at him in this area. Even if you destroy a person's heart they still have 20 to 30 seconds of full cognitive and physical ability with which they could severely hurt or even kill you. Additionally the heart is a very small target and completely destroying the heart with one bullet is nearly impossible, which means that they will likely have even more time before their eventual fate is achieved. For all these reasons, many have the self-defense rule: "shoot until the threat ends." But you must determine for yourself what your protocol will be.
* Body armor is also a factor. Just hitting a man in the chest (unless you hit him in the exact same place every time) is just going to deplete your magazine.
* Bullet penetration is a very key factory in bullet selection. This penetration does a few things for you. At less than optimal angles, the bullet will still reach vitals, and it will give your bullet a chance to possibly hit their spine, which (depending on where it lands) can incapacitate them completely or at least part of their body, enough so you may be able to get away.
3. The second major area is the cranial cavity. This area is much simpler; it contains the brain and upper spine.
* While the brain is an obvious target, there are still some considerations in shot placement. The front of the cranium (above the eyebrows) is one of the hardest bones in the body, it is also not a flat target (it is angled back slightly, or on the sides: angled to the side). There have been instances where bullets have ricocheted off a person's forehead.
* Luckily, just below this bone (below the eyebrows), down to the top of the upper-jaw is a very soft area with cartilage and holes which lead directly to the lower brain, the medulla oblongata, and the upper spine. The brain is the largest target, and a bullet in there will mean lights out, but flinching and minor movements have been known to occur when a brain shot is incurred. The medulla oblongata and the upper spine is how those flinching signals are sent to the body. A bullet through either one of those, and there is no way the body might accidentally pull a trigger or move in some other potentially detrimental way.
* In a situation which requires the immediate and unquestioned incapacitation of a person, a shot through an approximately 3-inch (above the upper-jaw to eyebrows) by 5-inch (the outside edges of the eyes) window in the head is essential. This 3x5-inch area is about the same no matter what angle the person is facing you at (from the rear and the sides it is about the same size and about the same level on the head).
4. For practice, replacing the circular chest target with a dome-shaped 11x7-inch target and the head with a 3x5-inch target will get you a more realistic targeting area. When scoring (to compare your improvements) or competing, a shot breaking the line of either cavity is good. The size of the grouping should matter less than getting the hits in quickly; and when shooting at the cranial cavity, only a guaranteed shot should be taken (you should always take more time for a cranial shot than a thoracic shot). But keep in mind, "remember your worst day at the range, you will be twice as bad when you are in a gun fight." So a general rule of a hand-sized grouping in the thoracic is optimal.
Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines. This amazing image collections about Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines is available to download. We collect this amazing image from internet and choose the best for you. Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of amazing image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines as part of Lamborghini 2018 exclusive updates collection.Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines, take your time and find the best Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines.
Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines. So, if you want to get this amazing image about Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the latest wallpaper related with Lamborghini Egoista Price In Philippines, please follow us on facebook or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new wallpaper 2014. Hope you enjoy staying here.
The manufacturer has been producing and releasing hard top cars under this car brand. Before, the RWD Huracan version had made its release already. Following this release, the manufacturer has the Spyder to release in 2017. What do you think...
Talking about the super car from Lamborghini is overwhelming. You can get something unique and new from the cars. Lamborghini which is known as a leading super car manufacturer has been built many kinds of super cars with a variety...
Lamborghini has presented a masterpiece which is limited edition that is called Centenario. This is the latest model of Lamborghini taking everything in which the version of Raging bull had for more than the five decades ago. The Centenario stretches...
What you can say about Lamborghini Asterion interior? For us, the holistic vision makes it the reason why you have to choose this Lamborghini. Different from the Tosca, that is strictly using a development mule, you will find that the...
A Staff Development Program Designed To Reach the Partnership Schools Goals: Cooperative Learning Strategies, Coaching Sessions and a Narrowed Academic Performance Gap among Student Populations. - pdf descargar
A Staff Development Program Designed To Reach the Partnership Schools Goals: Cooperative Learning Strategies, Coaching Sessions and a Narrowed Academic Performance Gap among Student Populations.
This paper describes the design and implementation of a staff-development program at Vivian Field Junior High School in Carrollton, Texas. The school is a member of the Texas Partnership School Initiative, which was created to give schools latitude in raising student achievement. The goal of the staff-development program was to identify gains in student achievement and to close the performance gap among student ethnic and socioeconomic populations. The primary focus was on schoolwide implementation of cooperative-learning strategies, followed by three collegial-coaching sessions. This paper describes the implementation process, which involved teacher-training sessions, administration of a pre- and post-survey, teacher self-evaluations, and five classroom observations. A conclusion is that, as a partnership school, the staff of Vivian Field Junior High School is committed to achieving the partnership's goal through cooperative learning and collegial coaching. Appendices contain the Texas Assessment of Academic Skills (TASS) summary reports for Vivian Field Junior High, copies of the two surveys, teacher comments, brief descriptions of three cooperative-learning models, and a staff-development evaluation report. (Contains 45 references.) (LMI)
Descriptors: Academic Achievement, Cooperative Learning, Inservice Teacher Education, Instructional Improvement, Junior High Schools, Peer Teaching, Professional Development, Program Implementation, Secondary School Students, Secondary School Teachers, Staff Development, Teacher Improvement, Teacher Workshops
Perceptions of Minority Middle School Students in Regard to Teaching as a Career Choice: 1995 Gary, Indiana Survey. - Mack, Faite R-P.; And Others
10 Lessons of Pre-Employment Skills for ESL Students, with a Bilingual English-Laotian Glossary and a Teachers Guide Upgraded Version. - Thuy, Vuong G.
Building a Shared Vision for Environmental Education. Proceedings of a Conference Sponsored by the Federal Task Force on Environmental Education Washington, D.C., November 19-21, 1991. - Eastern Research Group, Inc., Lexington, MA.
Vol 9: Variation in rates of early development in Haliotis asinina generate competent larvae of different ages. - pdf descargar
Vol 9: Variation in rates of early development in Haliotis asinina generate competent larvae of different ages.
This article is from Frontiers in Zoology, volume 9.AbstractIntroduction: Inter-specific comparisons of metazoan developmental mechanisms have provided a wealth of data concerning the evolution of body form and the generation of morphological novelty. Conversely, studies of intra-specific variation in developmental programs are far fewer. Variation in the rate of development may be an advantage to the many marine invertebrates that posses a biphasic life cycle, where fitness commonly requires the recruitment of planktonically dispersing larvae to patchily distributed benthic environments. Results: We have characterised differences in the rate of development between individuals originating from a synchronised fertilisation event in the tropical abalone Haliotis asinina, a broadcast spawning lecithotrophic vetigastropod. We observed significant differences in the time taken to complete early developmental events time taken to complete third cleavage and to hatch from the vitelline envelope, mid-larval events variation in larval shell development and late larval events the acquisition of competence to respond to a metamorphosis inducing cue. We also provide estimates of the variation in maternally provided energy reserves that suggest maternal provisioning is unlikely to explain the majority of the variation in developmental rate we report here. Conclusions: Significant differences in the rates of development exist both within and between cohorts of synchronously fertilised H. asinina gametes. These differences can be detected shortly after fertilisation and generate larvae of increasingly divergent development states. We discuss the significance of our results within an ecological context, the adaptive significance of mechanisms that might maintain this variation, and potential sources of this variation.
This PDF file will work best if it is downloaded and saved to your computer before you try to use it.
After the download is complete, double-click on the file and it should open as long as you have the necessary software on your computer.
At MSPL this isn't just an empty concept, on contrary, Quality is a matter of cons. of our entire Organization. In order to guarantee quality, we have our own in house laboratories, An additional guarantee that all Products satisfy the most stringent quality standards. A Company's quality is primarily determined by dedication of its Staff, that is why we invest so much in specialized training. An investment that clearly is fruitful. Highly-skilled & Service-Oriented Staff provides all possible Technical Support & advices both before & after Sales. A Service you can always rely on…Continuity is important for the Future.
A healthy Organization constantly looks around at what's going on in search of New Developments & Opportunities. We never stop learning from the Customer, the market, suppliers, thinkers & others. We are very transperant in our own work. In Search of Long Lasting Co-operation & Success.
SINCE 1975- MSPL, a leading manufacturing, marketing & suppliers of submersible pumpsets & related water-lifting solutions. a manufacturing facility of the company is situated in 28000 sq.ft. shed at dholka, about 50kms away from ahmedabad . guj. in india. an organization that proves every day what the ce, iso-9001:2000 & isi license certificate stands for :
hg: code-tools/jmh: 7901856: safepoints profiler should report	application stopped time ashipile at redhat.com
hg: code-tools/jmh: 7901860: safepoints profiler should filter the	events correctly, and report the measurement interval ashipile at redhat.com
hg: code-tools/jmh: 7901861: perf* profilers should use measured time	to filter events ashipile at redhat.com
hg: code-tools/jmh: Amend 7901865: don't miss the chance to call the	method appropriately and establish challenge-response. ashipile at redhat.com
On every surface—shelves, tables, window ledges, and cluttering the desk—there are Teddy bears and toy trucks, balls and bats, dolls dressed in the regalia of the Caribbean parade that takes place on Eastern Parkway every Labor Day.
The room has been painted a vivid teal; and at the many windows hang curtains of satiny teal fabric, printed with the seal of the borough of Brooklyn.
Of all the Hollywood directors/writers/producers who are scorned by high-minded artistic elitists, I don’t really care enough about Brett Ratner to hate him. Rotten Tomatoes is merely a critical-aggregate site which compiles reviews and assesses whether films are critically “fresh” or “rotten.” Hating RT is like hating math and statistics.
Like, I’ll pour my hot sauce of hate on people like director Zack Snyder, or hack supreme Damon Lindelof (it still makes me shake with rage that he’s allowed to work in Hollywood). But Ratner does have an issue with Rotten Tomatoes.
Director and producing mogul Brett Ratner says film critic aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes is a destructive force in Hollywood.
The boldness of that gesture was somewhat undermined by the fact that construction didn’t begin for another thirty-four years, and the building was not completed until 1848.
When, fifty years later, Brooklyn merged into New York City, the building was downgraded from City Hall to Borough Hall; and this decline in importance has grown more pronounced in the subsequent hundred-odd years—right up to the present, when the building’s highest profile is, arguably, attained by the occasional appearance of its imposing courtroom in the television series “Law & Order.”The Borough President’s office, in the southeast corner of the building, has recently undergone its own transformation.
The Sexual Assault Dean on Call (SADo C) is also available to students 24/7.In a lawsuit filed last year, the 25-year-old model accused Wey of pressuring her into having sex, then firing and hounding her after she cut things off.On Monday, a jury in a Manhattan federal court awarded Bouveng million after finding that Wey sexually harassed and defamed his former employee. NYG Capital LLC and Benjamin Wey, showcased both the glitz and the grime of New York City, from luxe apartments, Rolex watches and Prada bags to racist messages, accusations of drugs and prostitution, and one very shameful sex toy. That’s where Wey met Bouveng, kicking off two years of “chaos” — in the words of Wey’s wife — that would end with attorneys, acrimony and allegations of international stalking.In the time of Howard Golden, who was Borough President from 1978 to 2002, the desk was positioned at the far end of the room, so that visitors were obliged to make a processional approach to the seat of influence.Under occupation by the incumbent, Marty Markowitz, the office looks less like a sober place of government than like Santa’s workshop.
Judging by some of the responses to Meryl’s tweet, it seems that some of her fans still believe that she and Maks had a real romance and that she, not Peta, should be the one with Maks.
Hey Everyone, MAC Indulge Collection will be launched tomorrow (24/10/13). I thought of sharing some quick pictures and swatches for you guys to decide your picks. Also, don’t forget to see my picks towards the end of this post.
parfum buat miss v: You are so interesting! I do not believe I've read through something like that b...
Sizzlin Scizzors: Nice information ! I read your article its very interesting to know about the go...
Archives Select Month May 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (2) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (7) August 2015 (11) July 2015 (7) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (17) April 2015 (10) March 2015 (16) February 2015 (7) January 2015 (20) December 2014 (25) November 2014 (20) October 2014 (16) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (16) March 2014 (28) February 2014 (17) January 2014 (25) December 2013 (20) November 2013 (28) October 2013 (27) September 2013 (26) August 2013 (15) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (7) May 2013 (21) April 2013 (10) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (16) January 2013 (18) December 2012 (30) November 2012 (15) October 2012 (10) September 2012 (24) August 2012 (28) July 2012 (18)
"Samuel Clark likes secrets. He wants to know the hidden stories of the bizarre characters on the little streets of Edinburgh, Scotland. He wants to know about a nymphomaniac, a man who lives under a bridge, a girl with a cracked face. He wants to uncover their histories because he has secrets of his own. He believes, as people do, that he is able to change. He believes, as the whole world does, that there is plenty of time to solve his problems. But Samuel Clark and the rest of the world are wrong"--
Purchase includes free access to book updates online and a free trial membership in the publisher's book club where you can select from more than a million books without charge. Chapters: Cock Sparrer Albums, Oi Polloi Albums, Sham 69 Albums, Swingin Utters Albums, the 4-Skins Albums, the Casualties Albums, Five Lessons Learned, Live in a Dive, Here We Stand, More Scared, Hatest Grits: B-Sides and Bullshit, Dead Flowers, Bottles, Bluegrass, and Bones, the Good, the Bad
When it began, punk was an underground revolution that raged against the mainstream; now punk is the mainstream. Tracing the origins of Grammy-winning icons Green Day and the triumphant resurgence of neo-punk legends Bad Religion through MTV's embrace of pop-punk bands like Yellowcard, music journalist Matt Diehl explores the history of new punk, exposing how this once cult sound became a blockbuster commercial phenomenon. Diehl follows the history and controversy behind neo-punk—from the Offspring's move from a respected indie label to a major, to multi-platinum bands Good Charlotte and Simple Plan's unrepentant commercial success, through the survival of genre iconoclasts the Distillers and the rise of "emo" superstars like Fall Out Boy. My So-Called Punk picks up where bestselling authors Legs McNeil and Jon Savage left off, conveying how punk went from the Sex Pistol's "Anarchy in the U.K." to anarchy in the O.C. via the Warped Tour. Defining the sound of today's punk, telling the stories behind the bands that have brought it to the masses and discussing the volatile tension between the culture's old and new factions, My So-Called Punk is the go-to book for a new generation of punk rock fans.
In its 114th year, Billboard remains the world's premier weekly music publication and a diverse digital, events, brand, content and data licensing platform. Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital and mobile entertainment issues and trends.
Nobody is a powerful and eye-opening examination of the deeper meaning behind the string of deaths of unarmed citizens like Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Freddie Gray. Unarmed citizens shot by police. Drinking water turned to poison. Mass incarcerations. We've heard the stories. Now public intellectual and acclaimed journalist Marc Lamont Hill offers a powerful, paradigm-shifting analysis of race and class in America, and what it means to be "Nobody." Through on-the-ground reporting and careful research, Hill shows how some American citizens are made vulnerable, exploitable, and disposable through the machinery of unregulated capitalism, public policy, and social practice. This Nobody class, Hill argues, has emerged over time, and forces in America have worked to preserve and exploit it in ways that are both humiliating and harmful. He carefully reconsiders the details of tragic events like the deaths of Michael Brown, Sandra Bland, and Freddie Gray, and the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and delves deeply into a host of alarming trends including mass incarceration, overly aggressive policing, broken court systems, shrinking job markets, and the privatization of public resources, showing time and again the ways the current system is designed to worsen the plight of the vulnerable.
The Casualties of Divorce offers a front row seat to the turmoil endured by all when two adults decide to end their marriage, for whatever reason. The book explores the different perspectives and experiences as told by dozens of persons who have proverbially "walked the walk" amongst different degrees of separation. It is intended to provide the reader with the understanding that they are not alone, their feelings are valid and that "This Too Shall Pass." Co-authored by three casualties of divorce, this book will enlighten those who are contemplating divorce and comfort those who have survived one.
Scott's Last Expedition the Personal Journals of Captain R.F. Scott R.N. C.V.O On His Journey to the South Pole
Work and Family in the United States: A Critical Review and Agenda for Research and Policy (Social science frontiers)
Art and Thought of Heraclitus: A New Arrangement and Translation of the Fragments with Literary and Philosophical Commentary (Edition of the Fragments with Translation and Commentary)
Supporting Students for Success in Online and Distance Education (Open and Flexible Learning (Paperback))
A Question Of Intent: A Great American Battle With A Deadly Industry (Great American Battle with with a Deadly Industry)
TheWrap Aziz Ansari responded to a woman’s accusation that she “felt violated” during a September 2017 date with him by saying that he had taken “her words to heart.” The actor-comedian said he believed everything that happened between him and the woman, a Brooklyn photographer who spoke with Babe.net about her accusations, had been consensual. … Read more
Getty Images Jamie Lee Curtis writes in a new column for the Huffington Post that Eliza Dushku told her in private several years ago that she was abused on the set of the 1994 film “True Lies.” Curtis, who played Dushku’s mother in the James Cameron-directed film and has performed with underage actors dating back … Read more
Getty Images Marcia Clark, best known as the lead prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson murder case, will tackle unsolved crimes in a new seven-part A&E docuseries, the network announced on Sunday. “Marcia Clark Investigates the First 48” will premiere on Thursday, March 29 and will see the former prosecutor look at the “most shocking crimes that … Read more
Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images The new Sony Crackle drama “The Oath” was on location filming in Puerto Rico around the time the region was devastated by hurricanes late last year, an ordeal the cast and creator said bonded them as a group, and with their primarily Puerto Rican crew and host country. “I think that … Read more
We hope 50 Cent knew he was getting himself mixed up in some serious gang warfare when he signed on to executive produce Crackle’s new scripted original drama series “The Oath.” Well, police gang warfare. In the first trailer for “The Oath,” we get a peek inside the world of cops who have sworn to protect and … Read more
As motor racing has changed, so has the equipment and nearly all professional-level racecars are now homologated and offered through the motorsport arms of carmakers. I was personally interested in exploring the similarities and differences between road cars and their race car counterparts.
The first car I looked at was the BMW M4 and it’s BMW Motorsport-built M4 GT4 counterpart at Virginia International Raceway, with thanks to ST Racing and young racing phenom, Samantha Tan. The M4 GT4 is such cool car with remarkable similarities and significant differences to the production car.
The name of the MP4-12C was a mouthful, thanks Ron Dennis, but it was a great starting point for the company’s modern lineup. The 650 refined the notion of the Super Series cars and introduced us to McLaren’s design language. There’s no question that the McLaren 720S has to meet some pretty high expectations. Join us as we have a look at McLaren’s latest Super Series supercar.
The Performante is the ultimate expression of the Lamborghini Huracan and with it’s groundbreaking Nurburgring lap time, it looks to be a formidable supercar. We take it for a spin to find out what it’s really like to be behind the wheel of this super Lambo.
Chevrolet is really breaking new ground with this Colorado ZR2 and it’s very different from any other four-wheel drive Colorados. And yes, there are the obvious Raptor comparisons, but the ZR2 is a full size smaller, making it much more usable in the real world. Speaking of the 2018 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 in the real world, it’s smaller size and great ride quality make this a much more interesting choice than a Raptor.
The McLaren 570S rounds out the British supercar maker’s lineup and for an entry-level McLaren, it’s pretty interesting. We take it for a spin and we talk to its designer, Robert Melville, about his first McLaren design.
The 2018 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 1LE is designed to do one thing extremely well – carve corners and eat up distance like no other Camaro before it. We take it for a thorough test to find out what it’s really made of.
The Aston Martin DB11 is perhaps the post-modern grand tourer. The British marque has introduced a V8-powered model intended to broaden the appeal of the DB11 to a range of new customers. We take if for a run in California to see what it’s all about.
With a legendary name and loads of modern tech, the all new Acura NSX has landed. We take it for a proper test to find out if it lives up to its legend.
I took a bone-stock Fiat 500 to Calabogie Motorsport Park and then drove a virtual 500 on Multimatic’s sophisticated “Driver In The Loop” simulator.
I've decided to renew our forums since our old forums is kind of old and inactive so, I am hoping that with this new forums of ours, our small community will be active. Please feel free to post your Suggestions and Ideas.
The journey of our family after undergoing IVF with Donor Eggs - 2 different times! - we were successful and now it's life with 1 Sixth Grader, 1 Fourth Grader, and 3 dogs! Here I blog about life, work, health, nutrition, and post pictures to keep you in the loop!
Whew. It's been a whirlwind since last week; I'm officially done with work for the summer, and we had Papa Jim & Nana Marge here with us all weekend. It was Abby's birthday last week, and we had a family party for her at the Corey & Jill's house. I'll have pictures of that later, but we all had a great time, and Keifer doesn't lack for attention when her family is around. Abby is infatuated with her, and in turn, Keif is infatuated with Mason, who really is all about his own things. It's pretty cute.
Yesterday, we hung out all day with Nana & Papa and did lunch at Applebees, as well as some shopping. Keifer played social hostess to anyone and everyone who walked by on their way to the bathroom, as well as with all the wait staff. Everyone got a kick out of our friendly little gal. Last night, we all went out for dinner (can you just imagine my waistline, on top of the fact that Nana brought her infamous brownies with homemade frosting? Oye.). Keifer got her 'flirt on'' with the Latino waiter who served us last weekend; he remembered her and remembered she loved pink balloons. He is her favorite.
Last night, after bathing wild woman Keifer, Nana and I settled in and watched 27 Dresses. I was a bit disappointed in it, but we both fell in love with James Marsden (although I loved him in Enchanted, and Hairspray). Then, the night from hell began. Keif was up no fewer than 5-6 times, screaming in pain from her teeth coming in. Of course, whenever she saw us come into her room, the screaming intensified to decibels that no doubt will contribute to my future hearing loss. I'm really surprised that Papa & Nana, way down in the basement, didn't hear her as much as I thought they would.
This AM, I felt like I had when she was a newborn: hung-over with lack of sleep, headache(y), and not very chipper. Papa & Nana said their goodbyes as they left for home, CJ returned to work, and Keif and I began our summer together.
We hit our first ever library "Baby Story Time", where my girl demonstrated to me her lack of interest in structured group story times and songs, since she is clearly a social being. She proceeded to zoom in on the only baby in the group, where she waved in his face and said "hi" repeatedly, as his Grandmother beamed. Then, she attempted to interact with a variety of other kids, all ages and sizes, but sadly, nobody reciprocated Keif's initiation at an interaction. But my girl was not sad; she just started climbing all over any stroller she saw, as well as pushing around a wagon, and got pissy with me whenever I attempted to redirect her towards the toys.
We left for lunch at home, and she let me down when she didn't nap for more than a mere hour. She needed a nap, and has been a cranky bear of a girl all day, as well as super clingy. She is saying "no no no" to almost everything I say to her, and all I can do is ignore it and repeat, "no, thank you", each and everytime she says it. Oye, welcome to toddler hood, eh? *sigh*. Oh well. She did enjoy crawling in and out of the sliding door to the deck, and screamed in joy when she was able to pull herself up on the railings of the deck. Again, nobody seemed too interested in this toddler on the deck, calling out "hi" to them.
Mama is exhausted, and now CJ is putting our wild woman to bed, because he agreed I looked like something the cat drug in.
Oh my gosh, toddlers make the newborn stage look easy sometimes, don't they? Bailey has been nuts today emptying every cabinet and drawer she can find. Then when I tried to do something that didn't involve her, she bit my toe!
Wow, hope you get a good night sleep tonight. have I told you the teething remedies that worked for us??? I hate to repeat myself 50 times, so if you want to chat about it, e-mail me at hattrickmissy at msn dot com
Slightly kooky, funny, emotional (!), supportive, kid and dog-loving Mama. I TTCed for almost 3 years, and was finally successful, thanks to my egg angel Mooshie. We used an Anonymous Egg Donor for baby #2, and were lucky! Now I have 2 gorgeous, spirited, and unique girls!
He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. He will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart. You owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion. ~ Anonymous
CJ and I love this book -- it explains how mommy had a part that didn't work, so another special lady comes to help because she has that special part that is needed. Beautiful pictures and simple, sweet text.
Blog Archive January (1) January (1) January (1) April (1) February (2) January (1) June (1) May (1) April (2) March (2) February (8) January (6) December (7) November (15) October (14) September (5) August (16) July (17) June (15) May (28) April (13) March (15) January (1) June (6) May (14) April (17) March (17) January (3) November (1) October (2) September (1) August (10) July (12) June (6) May (16) April (14) March (18) February (13) January (12) December (16) November (11) October (16) September (15) August (8) July (10) June (11) May (19) April (19) March (25) February (24) January (17) December (17) November (19) October (21) September (27) August (21) July (30) June (35) May (27) April (25) March (25) February (32) January (36) December (24) November (23) October (40) September (38) August (25) July (32) June (34) May (34) April (37) March (43) February (49) January (59) December (41) November (38) October (32) September (34) August (18) July (10) June (22) May (15) April (19) March (18) February (19) January (21) December (12) November (23) October (24) September (27) August (14) July (35) June (19)
Ever wondered why there are so many gyms, aerobics hubs and yoga centres popping up in every nook and corner of your area? This is a result of chain reaction. Reaction, which started with unhealthy lifestyle, with irregular heating habits as its components leading to health disorders at an early age. And then, when our physician, tells as to work out, we need the help of gyms, aerobics and even yoga at the very least. From where this all started? Well, we can not just blame everything to technology. Technology – boon or beast? When it reduced our work, it’s a boon. And when it reduced ability of body to fight disorders, it’s a beast. Thus, don’t blame technology for your belly; the only one to be blamed is you only.
We do not generally pay heed to lessons thought to us in our high school related to importance of maintaining healthy lifestyle and thus as we enter in work life, we work like a dog, focus on our career and forget our body needs. It is only when, a pain or an dysfunction occurs, we remind ourselves that we are mere mortals and thus need to take care of our body to support us in leading a healthy life. Now, the most common health disorder that we see is obesity i.e. inappropriate weight as per the age and body height. Especially women, suffer from this as they tend to take shortcuts with the eating and work out habits while trying to juggle between home and work. When you are young, you can easily maintain your weight but as the age increases the capacity of the body to digest and utilize everything that you gulp down decreases leading to gain in weight.
The simplest rule that you need to understand for weight management is: when you intake more calorie than you burn, they will add up to your weight. Burn more calories, consume less. And you will loose weight. Some healthy weight loss tips are referred here that you can easily follow in your hectic lifestyle to maintain your weight:
Change in diet as per the lifestyle: firstly remember, one size does not fill all. It means, you may want a body like your favorite star but your body structure may not support it. Simply becoming lean is not the goal; the goal is to be healthy. It’s perfectly fine to be a little plump and healthy rather than being stick lean and unhealthy. Putting hard effort is mandatory to get desired results. You must have heard all about detox diets and other quick diets that claim to help you loose up the fat in just few days. Remember, being healthy is not for days, it’s for lifetime. Even if it takes you month to become fit, follow the healthy techniques to get the permanent change in your lifestyle.
Eat at regular time intervals: studies have shown that eating at regular time intervals help you to prevent hunger pangs. Also, try to never miss a breakfast. Breakfast is one meal that should not be missed also should be rich in calories. Consuming high calorie food at breakfast helps in burning the calories during later part of the day. Do not consume huge calories in dinner as your body does not have sufficient time to burn them and thus, it keeps on piling.
Go slow and steady: take out time to analyse your lifestyle and diet. Focus on time management and pre decide the time that you can dedicate to working out. Never force yourself beyond the limits to get the results. It’s okay, if you do not get drastic weight loss in your first week. Do not push yourself. Habituate yourself to the healthy lifestyle.
Motivation: setting achievable goals is very important. If you set goals that you already know are impossible to achieve, you will get de motivated very easily. So, set goals that can motivate you to become healthy.
Tools help: with so many health related gadgets around you, take the help of the techniques to track your report. Weigh yourself regularly to see the results of your hard work.
There is one logical saying these days– healthy diet leads to weight loss. So, if you find yourself enticed by the so called “fad-diet” , restricts yourself as they have been proved to be having very deteriorating effect on your body on long term basis. These diets often result in failure because:
The fad diets or the quick weight loss diets cuts out your entire intake of food – carbohydrates, fats, proteins. It is virtually impossible to follow, and even if you manage to follow it, it is downright unhealthy and you feel deprived.
You may loose weight as there s severe restriction of calories intake in such diets, but as soon as you get back to your normal eating habits, you gain lots of pounds as your body was craving for food.
These diets are not easy to buy – Special juices and shakes. Exotic vegetables and other supplements are not easy to afford and thus you tend to loose out your hard earned money.
Emotional eating: here is one quick weight loss tip for women – not too gulp down your favourite food when you are emotionally high or low. When ever you feel stressed out, bored or lonely or even euphoric, do not take the help of refrigerator. Emotional eating does not satisfy your hunger and you always tend to over eat and thus leading to gain in weight. When you are in trouble emotionally, try dialling your friend or family, rather than dialling for a pizza. You can also take the help of yoga, exercises or meditation and spa to calm yourself.
Pay attention to what and when you are eating: this is one healthy weight loss tip that should be made into a rule to be followed by everyone. We are so busy in our life that we feel that eating is a secondary activity and thus we can do it while completing our other important works. Thus, we tend to eat while we are driving, working, preparing files, or even while catching up our favourite shows. Have we not discussed that healthy body is source of healthy living? Thus, eating should be our primary activity and should not be converged with any other activity. When we are engrossed in watching our favourite show, we do not focus on our hunger. We feel that whatever that is in our plate should be finished and thus we do not listen to the signals that our stomach sends to our brain to stop eating beyond the requirement. Avoiding the temptation is the rule here.
Chew your food properly: chewing helps a lot. When you chew your food nicely, half of the work is done and rest stomach will take care. Gulping down large bites slows down the digestion and thus, weight gain is unavoidable.
Including fibre, fruits and vegetables: this is probably the best idea for weight loss. Just include your lots of fresh fruits and vegetables and see the wonders hat they do to your body. High fibre foods, take long time to digest and thus help you in feeling satisfied for longer time. Whole grains like pasta, wheat, popcorns are great source of fibres. To make your diet more colourful, opt for rainbow colours: include berries, plums, leafy vegetables, strawberries in your salads.
Keeping a count of calories can be tedious and also it becomes virtually impossible to know the exact count of the calories for the very bite that you gulp in. fruits and vegetables can bring relief here. You do not have to worry to worry about calories intake while eating your veggies as they generally contain very high water snd fibre content and thus tend to give you full feeling, even when you can have a little more. Thus, you end up consuming fewer calories as compared to what you would have though.
Now, that we have suggested you to opt for fruits and vegetables, we would like to give you tips to make them interesting so that you can enjoy your meal. Do not fry your vegetables. If you like nuts, add it up to your salad, use salad dressings cautiously. If you want, you can also add low fat cheese and olive oil to satisfy your taste buds.
Do not overindulge yourself: if you are on diet, indulge yourself occasionally but never over indulge. You must be confused? Okay, here is the answer. We as human beings have some tastes and interest that we can not swap for anything else, that too with tasteless things. So, instead of torturing your body by depriving yourself, indulge in your favourite dish occasionally and cautiously. You can always make your favourite dish healthier like adding bunch of fresh juices with your ice-cream, cutting out on sugar in your bakery products and making up the loss with essence.
Jonathan Spear, a graduate student in Science and Natural History Filmmaking at Montana State University, dives into the subject of aquatic songbirds as he learns more about the unique little creatures that are Americ...
Now in its 11th season, LifeOnTERRA is the award-winning sci­ence and nat­ural his­tory pod­cast series that explores the natural connections that propel life on Earth. Overseen by graduate students in the MFA in Science and Natural History Filmmaking Program at Montana State University, TERRA distributes independently produced science, nature, and environmental films. We are proud to bring you these unique stories from around the globe that celebrate the wonders of the natural world.
We invite you to enjoy these vignettes of the people, places and animals that make up the heart and soul of life on Terra. Since TERRA’s inception, our thought provoking films have reached over ten million viewers. With each new episode we feature powerful storytelling that showcases the diversity of our planet.
When you become a parent, it’s no secret that your life completely changes. Your responsibilities increase, your interests shift and over time your home becomes a place that is more important than you may have imagined.
Home is where your child will go for love, help, rest or anything they need. Home is where they will build the foundation of their experiences, their perspective, and their identity.
Home is where they should find encouragement, not discouragement, throughout their lives. And this doesn’t just apply to those who live at your house — this applies to the Church, which is home to all followers of Jesus.
At Alive Church, I recently offered some Parenting Life Hacks that can help you build a home of Christ-centered encouragement for children:
Give them a home to run to not run from—In Mark 3:24-25, Jesus explains that a family who fights “will fall apart.” Promoting peace, kindness and the love of Christ will make your home and the church a welcoming place.
Unite and be disciplined with discipline— It’s important for anyone involved in a child’s life to be on the same page when it comes to discipline. Just as God disciplines us, His children, to help shape us into our best selves, so we should do the same with children before it’s too late (see Proverbs 19:18).
Prepare to give them the keys to their lives — Whether we like it or not, our kids won’t always listen to us or do what we want them to! Giving them the keys to their lives is letting them drive the car and go on their own. With your guidance, these independent decisions can lead them to rebellion, to spiritual maturity and in many other directions, you may not expect. Don’t hold them back! Let them come to Jesus when they are ready (see Mark 10:14b) and if they’ve gone wayward, help them know they can always come home (Luke 15:11-32).
What’s a way that you can make your home and the church a place of encouragement for children? As you think about the answer, I encourage you to ask God to show you how you can positively influence a child in your life.
Dr. Jeffrey Allen Love, pastor and founder of Alive Church in Tucson, Arizona, since 1993, is the author of "Life Palette", "Lord of the Fries", and the daily readings in "The Life Transformation Bible". He received his Doctorate of Ministry from Phoenix University Of Theology. He is a Certified Coach, Trainer and Speaker with the John Maxwell Team. He is a Certified Life Plan and StratOp For Churches Facilitator with the Paterson Company. He and his wife Kathy have three daughters and one son. As a communicator, author and artist his life's mission is to "add value by creatively communicating the gospel in a way that releases potential in others."
Wayanad is a district in Kerala. There are greenery, waterfalls, tea and coffee estate. and many more. This place is for nature lovers. No pollution, there is fresh air to breathe. Here you can enjoy your time with the charms of nature, trekking through the hills, exploring the caves and wildlife.
Calm and peaceful location. You can hear the sound of air, water, and bird. A very good place to relax. There’s a park with lots of swings.
This Dam is the second largest earthen dam in Asia and largest in India. It is made up of mud. It is located 21 km from Kalpetta. The dam impounds the water of a Karamanthodu tributary of the Kabini River. There are also some small islands in the middle of the water where you can by boat. Boating facility is also available to enjoy the full view of the dam. There are both speedboat and paddle boat. You can choose any of them, but the ride of speed was much more adventurous and breathtaking. Don’t miss out this activity.
To enjoy the beauty of Meenmutty Falls, you need to trek about 3 km from the road. No entrance fee is required for visiting the waterfall. As we reached to Falls, it started raining, this was a thrilling experience for us. Enjoying rains on waterfalls.
A popular tourist attraction and is best known for ancient wall painting and art engraved in the caves. It offers a great view from the hilltop. There are a small market and parking facilities from where you can start the trek to Edakkal Caves. You can also find various shops where you can buy snacks and drinks and other Kerela stuff on the way to Edakkal Caves. After trekking to some distance, you can find the ticket where you will get the entry ticket which costs around Rs 20 per person.
It is known for having elephants, tiger, bears, many species of deer, reptiles, birds and so on. We opted for Jeep Safari and when we entered, the surrounded scenery was so amazing. A picture perfect road like a painting.
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 450 × 450
If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Luxury Better Homes And Gardens Iron Fleur Area Rug And Better Homes And Gardens Area Rugs Better Homes And Gardens Area Rugs House And Garden Rugs 28 Better Homes And Gardens Iron Fleur Area Rug Or R can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..
This is a great recipe and a super one to make with children! I was given this recipe at a Parent and Toddler group a few years ago so I can't claim it as my own, but its been a success every time I've baked it. All the ingredients are items you probably have in…
Overall, I found this recipe very easy to follow, although next time I need to remember to turn the cake over before it is iced, as the top of it was quite bumpy, as you can probably see from the photos! Ingredients 325g (12oz) self-raising flour 125g (4oz) ground almonds 1 teaspoon ground mixed spice…
Have you ever looked at your life and thought WOW!!!! I have some amazing people around me! I hope at some time you have experienced this, recently I had cause to say this when I thought about the amazing friends and family I have been blessed with. Specifically I was thinking about my girl friends from…
Blind since birth, the life story of Michael Hingson is truly amazing and enlightening. He overcame many challenges in life, to become successful both professionally and personally. The battles that face a blind person in a sighted world, are more than we can ever imagine, and many blind or visually impaired people rely on the…
This is one of the most fantastic books I have ever reviewed. Without a doubt, there will be many of my friends and family who will be getting this book as a Christmas gift this year. Stanley uses very biblical principles and examples, to show us clearly how the 'principle of the path' works. The…
Regret Free Parenting is a great read for mothers (or fathers) of all ages. Whether your children are babes in arms, or fully grown adults, there is something every parent can learn from this book. Hickem writes from an obvious psychotherapist point of view, but in very easy to understand language. The book is broken…
Prolonged periods of snow, ice, no water, no electric, and burst and frozen pipes seem to have been an ongoing theme of the winter that we have just been through. It has definately been a memorable one. Even now as I blog, we have no water. Which is probably why I'm blogging instead of cleaning…
Well, like many parents, we have spent the past 15 months taking trips to the doctors surgery for the wee woman to get all her vaccinations. Sometimes I often wondered if we rushed in too quickly in following the normal turn of events and maybe should have done some more research into each vaccination before…
Your Money God's Way is most definitely one of the best books I've read concerning Christians and their finance management. Streater outlines 7 'money myths' that keep Christians in financial difficulty. The easy-to-understand, direct language is the true success of this book. The reader is left without a doubt as to what is required of…
My name is Lila Gribben and I am a Christian blogger, wife and mother of 3 beautiful children. I love to write about my experiences as a mummy, while encouraging others along the way.
Lot's to show but a bit hesitant for clutter. Create a small shelve halfway up the wall as shown in this Hus & Hem interior. It gives you enough space to flaunt your precious items and keeps table, fireplace and window shelves nice and empty. It looks just like a mini museum.
I feel you can be happy if you can appreciate the small things in life. A clever remark by one of your kids, the sun that comes through the clouds, a good hair day. As long as you notice it.
Read more about me and the blog, how it started, evolved and where I am headed on the -about us- page.
Latoya Foote sat and listened in awe to what she knew was evidence being casually raised during the enquiry into the security forces' May 2010 operation in Tivoli Gardens to apprehend Christopher “Dudus” Coke.
More than 60 people were found dead after the operation and Coke, who had fled the community during two days of fighting between gunmen loyal to him and the security forces, was eventually captured on June 22 and extradited to the United States to stand trial on a number of charges. He pleaded guilty to racketeering and is now serving a 23-year prison term.
The enquiry, headed by former Barbados Attorney General Sir David Simmons, with Professor Anthony Harriott and retired Supreme Court Justice Hazel Harris as the other two commissioners, was established to assess events leading to the operation, events after the operation, and to make recommendations. The commissioners started hearing testimony from victims, the police, the army, and a number of specialists in 2014.
“Many times they said they found maggots on the bodies and they were just mentioning it and to me, this is evidence,” Foote told the Jamaica Observer in an interview two weeks ago.
“In many of the cases they said that they didn't know whether the individuals were killed before the operation or during the operation. But based on the maggot activity that they found, that information could have been given. So they had the evidence but they did not know how to use it,” added Foote, a PhD candidate at The University of the West Indies who has an MPhil in Zoology with a specialisation in Forensic Entomology.
Visiting forensic entomologist Dr Eliana Buenaventura, a post-doctoral fellow at the National Museum of Natural History of the Smithsonian Institution, agreed.
“They probably didn't even know it was evidence,” Dr Buenaventura said. “Sometimes it's ignorance, but sometimes it's also that they don't have the tools.”
For the past six months both scientists have been collecting flesh and blow flies (sarcophagidae and calliphoridae) here in order, as Dr Buenaventura explained, to get a good estimation of their diversity and distribution.
“Through our research we can provide a list of species that potentially could be important as forensic indicators of the time of death,” Dr Buenaventura, a Colombian, said.
“We want them to be able to use the tool,” the Jamaican student said. “I know that as forensic entomologists we may not be able to go on the crime scene, but if it is that the police and the investigators are trained to just collect the evidence and hand it over to us, we could look at it and identify the species involved. And once we identify the species involved we will know the succession, we will know the life cycle — and those are the two tools that we use to give a time since death.”
Forensic entomology, the scientific study of the developmental stages of arthropods that colonise cadavers, is definitely not for people with weak stomachs.
The science is most commonly used to determine the time since death. However, scientists have shown that insects can provide other important information about a crime or victim.
“There are many methods to provide a time frame for a crime,” Dr Buenaventura said. “Usually when the corpse is fresh, you will use the time that the fly has taken to go from one developmental stage to another. Let's say, as we know, the flies go to a corpse, they lay eggs and from the eggs you get larvae. The larvae go through three different stages of development, and then they pupate, and we get another adult.”
The time from egg to larvae, she explained, is usually short — about three to five days. But that, Dr Buenaventura explained, depends on the species.
“The species is really the key factor, because there are flies that take longer to go from egg to larvae or to pupae, and that's why we need to develop this basic research, to know the flies, to know the taxonomy, to know how to identify them. So using this basic research we can tell... this is the species that colonised this corpse and it took three days from egg to larvae, so this is the time frame we can give for a case — so that would be using the life cycle of the fly as a tool to give an estimation of the time of death,” Dr Buenaventura added.
She said that during that time the corpse would be colonised by between five and 10 species of insects.
“But then, it happens that sometimes the corpse is discovered very late and is very decomposed, so there will be many insects already established on the corpse because it is a source of food and shelter for them,” she said. “So using these sets of flies and other insects like beetles we can determine the time when the person died, like how many days before.”
The duo, who work from a lab in the Department of Life Sciences at The UWI, say that their research is being funded by The UWI, the Smithsonian Institution, and the Natural History Museum of Denmark, where Dr Buenaventura earned her PhD.
“If three big institutions like these join to do this, it's because it's important,” Dr Buenaventura reasoned before emphasising that what she and Foote are trying to do is create the baseline of forensically important species in Jamaica.
“Once we have that baseline it is applicable to criminal investigations,” Foote said, pointing out that in some instances a pathologist is unable to determine a definite time of death.
“The aim of this is to get the police force and the criminal investigators to see that this science is here, and we can use it to help,” she said.
1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published.
2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received.
3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion.
5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com.
"Currently gaining experience in Agile transformation in a little organisation. Trying not to make too many people cry."
© 2017 MALAYALAM UK . All rights reserved. | www.malayalamuk.com | Powered by Ideoder Technologies Pvt Ltd
Collin Creek Shopping Center is located at the corner of SWQ Central Expy. & 15th St., Plano. It is a Power Center which opened in 1981. It is an Open shopping mall. It covers an area of 481,075 sqft. and has about 32 stores.
"Mall Madness", the shopping boardgame to end all shopping boardgames! Below are a few shots of the classic teen shopping game, along with a few others you may or may not have ever heard of. After many requests, I figured I'd finally post this. For I've found (like the siren call of the shopping mall) resitance is futile.
Back in the '80s my younger sister, a rabid teen shopaholic (the exact demographic Milton Bradley was targeting), forced my two brothers and I to play this game with her more times than I care to admit, so I got to know it quite well--for better or worse. Mall Madness was a "talking" game that played very annoying (to me and my brothers anyway) audio clips throughout a game.
I so clearly remember that monotonous "choong-choong!" sound the cash register made over and over and over, and the soothing female robotic mall "speaker" announcements: "there's a sale at the FASHION BOUTIQUE". To this day, on occasion, my brothers and I still maniacally blurt out lines from the game that drove us nuts: "Wooowee! Lines' too long! Try again later!". Trust me, once it gets inside your head, it's all over for you.
I had Bargain Hunter, up until a few months ago when my Mom moved and cleared out her basement. Oh well.
My friend bought the 90s versian of Mall Madness at a Thirft Store a few yrs back. There we were in our early 20s playing the game as two ten yrs old.
hey! me and my sister used to play mall madness a lot when we were younger. i can do a mean impression of pretty much any voice on the talking box. and the quote is actually, if i remember correctly, "ooooh long line...try again later!"
Mature seeds of Malunggay can produce high-value oil that can be used in various food and product manufacturing. Because of its little tendency to deteriorate, it is used as lubricant for fine machineries. Its good anti-oxidant properties make it in-demand in the manufacturing of perfumes, personal care and therapeutic products, and cosmetics. Most importantly, Moringa oil is predominantly oleic acid that is widely-used in food industry. The edible oil can lower blood levels of cholesterol, improve lipid profiles and modify harmful inflammation.
The effectiveness of Malunggay as water treatment agent is not affected after seed oil extraction. The Malunggay presscake, by-product of the extraction process, has the ability to clear murky water as it acts as a coagulant which attaches to particulate matter and bacteria in the water and falls to the bottom of the container. Several university studies in laboratories and in the field have demonstrated the usefulness of the presscake in water purification. This is now the subject of extensive studies because it’s estimated that 1.3 billion people in the world use contaminated water for drinking and cooking.
Malunggay’s medicinal value can be ascribed to its anti-biotic and anti-inflammatory properties to treat arthritis, rheumatism, gout, cramp, boils, and sexually transmitted disease.
The Malunggay presscake can also be used as animal feeds and fertilizer because of it still contains high protein.
Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower everyone â€” from emerging artists to global brands adult party phone chat
Generally is costs no a basis of per square inch depending on the material. If you need a low cost effective solution, you can go in for a used one from another vehicle porn chat sex xx
Do online dating sites really work? Are they safe? Are some better than others? Consumer Reports put the sites to the test. lesbian cancer dating
WD's Guide to Online Dating Click, surf and type your way to love by following these basic rules top chatroulette sex
25 Dates that won't cost you a Quarter by DatingBetter.com Think you need to spend a bundle of cash for a fun and entertaining date? Think again! icam free video hot chat
If you're anything like us, you're constantly at a loss for new and interesting date ideas. Seriously, we love dinner and a movie as much as the next girl but every
How much does it cost? £9.95 per month. The experts say: This is a great site for those who are looking for personality matching. eHarmony takes the hard work out of
Adobe® Flash® Player is a lightweight browser plug-in and rich Internet application runtime that delivers consistent and engaging user experiences, stunning audio You can also use the flash player settings manager to manage your privacy both globally (for all websites) and on a site-by-site basis (for websites you have already visited).
BibMe Free Bibliography & Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard The application may want to broadcast the video and audio to other people who are viewing or hearing the application you are running â€” for example, during an interactive meeting.
Lock And Key Events For Singles - Press Media - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get locks. Everyone interacts while For more information, see what can i do with the settings manager.
2018 Long Island Just For Singles Find upcoming just for singles events on Long Island. Get addresses, phone numbers, driving directions, and more with If you select deny, the application does not have access to your camera or your microphone.
Dating etiquette and texting rules for dating singles. When and how to handle this handy modern communication tool when dating. It is the responsibility of the person or company requesting access to make it clear to you why they want access and how they plan to use the audio or video.
Match.com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look! The application running in adobe flash player has requested access to the camera and/or microphone available on your computer, from now until the application ends.
100% free dating site for singles with unique features that help you find your match! Free dating online service and personals of singles in your area For example, see the adobe privacy policy.
Register cheap domain names. Buy domain names fast. BEST Customer Service, Since 2002. Purchase your domain now at DynoNames to save on domains! Upload videos subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections download videos why do i need to answer this question.
Hiya, Just what I was searching for! I was looking into articles for our web page when I came across your blog post on â€ Singles Cruises | Life By Design Over 50 The application may also be recording the video and audio for later playback â€” for example, so someone who can t attend the meeting can review it later.
Beta: Create a formation, embed the builder in your website and ask your visitors to create their own alignments.
Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. They don’t quite know my name at Timothy’s Pub in Etobicoke but the times I’ve been there it’s a rocking time to say the least.
This Friday Timothy’s Pub will be celebrating their 12th anniversary so this is probably as good a time as any to check out the place if you haven’t done so already. You’ll find your typical pub fare here but you must try out the reasonably priced fish and chips (their specialty). Don’t forget to grab a pint but be adventurous and try one of the several Irish beers on tap. For their 12th anniversary Timothy’s Pub will have the Miller Chill girls in attendance with bands Trip Doubt (4pm-7:30pm) and Harvest Moon (9:30pm-1:30am) rounding out the night along with lots of specials and giveaways.
So pay Timothy’s Pub a visit on their anniversary or any other night for that matter. Who knows, if you end up staying a while you may not remember your own name and not care if they don’t know yours!
There are several stages to Ulcerative Colitis. It doesn’t just happen overnight, you first develop some early symptoms and then gradually get worse. Not everyone will fall neatly into a particular stage as everyone is different and some may show symptoms that others do not.
Stage 1: Early Signs – This is the point in which you realize something is not right with your body. You’re getting more and more abdominal pain, some diarrhea, maybe even some bloody stools. Eventually you get tired of not knowing what is wrong and you see a Dr. At this point you are given the diagnosis of Ulcerative Colitis.
Stage 2: Mild – Those at this level of the disease sometimes go undiagnosed as the symptoms resemble other bowel diseases. It isn’t affecting your life and doesn’t really hinder you on a day to day basis. It’s definitely not comfortable but it can be lived with. You try some simple dietary changes to try to make things better.
Stage 3: Moderate – The symptoms of U.C. are occurring more frequently now. You are hindered more and you have to make sure you plan out your day accordingly. Finding the nearest bathroom just in case definitely starts to become a big priority for you. Trying different drugs to relieve pain has probably started and could include various corticosteroids.
Stage 4: Severe – You may have up to six or more bloody bowel movements per day. Googling the latest treatment has become a daily habit and you’ve probably tried many different natural remedies as well. Nothing seems to get rid of it but somethings temporarily relieve the pain. Some may even require surgery at this stage (25%-40%) called a proctocolectomy which removes the colon and rectum.
Want some additional Help Dealing with Ulcerative Colitis? Join our Facebook Group full of great support from the community, CLICK HERE
This is the official page of Digestion Health on Facebook and Instagram. Our goal is to help those with the problem on Digestion by connecting them to the resources and information they need.
If you have simply begun your own business or are thinking about doing so, then you may desire to think about getting some little business training to get you began out. Exactly what is small company training, and how can it benefit you?
Among the best advantages to obtaining training is that you ready up for success from the very start. If you do not get training, you could be investing a great deal of time going through experimentation and attempting to find out what works and exactly what does not. With training, an expert informs you precisely what you must be doing based on the kind of business you have and exactly what phase you are at presently. It takes the uncertainty from launching a small company.
If you have never ever before skilled running your very own business, then this type of training is for you. Beginning anything for the very first time can be rather tough, however, a small company particularly can be challenging if you do not have any previous experience. You might unknown where to begin or exactly what to concentrate on the most in the beginning, and training can assist to clarify those things for you, making it simpler to make those very first vital business choices.
What can a business coach aid you out with? One guaranteed location you can take advantage of offered correct training is on making use of social networks. The social network is an exceptional method for growing one’s business, yet unfortunately few small company owners use it. This is because compared with the most conventional types of marketing, social networks are brand-new and a couple of understanding their way around it. This is where a coach can be found in. Your coach can reveal your ways to use socials media like Twitter and Facebook to grow your business in methods you most likely never ever even believed possible. This is not an exaggeration. Even market bigwigs such as Starbucks and JetBlue use Twitter to connect with their clients.
When you go through small company training, whether it’s at the start or later in the life of your business, it can offer some terrific advantages. The most significant advantage of all, possibly, is comfort in understanding that you are taking the ideal strategy with your business. Things should be best for a small company to truly remove, and getting some business training might truly and really hit the spot you have to assist your business grow and remove a right from the beginning, leaving you complimentary to enjoy your success.
Two of the year’s main food industry deals completed this week, with 3G finishing its takeover of Burger King and Lion buying France’s Picard.
Pfizer’s agreed purchase of US-based King Pharmaceuticals was the week’s largest deal by value at USD 3,600 million.
A strong week for private equity as CVC’s USD 3,249 million agreed purchase of Sunrise Communications was the third-largest deal by value.
Hellman & Friedman agreed to buy US-based residential building products manufacturer Associated Materials in a USD 1,300 million transaction. It was one of the week’s largest deals by value and shows M&A interest is returning to the construction industry.
A week dominated by M&A in the resources sector, with high-value deals involving Lihir Gold, Andean Resources and Petróleo Brasileiro.
There was a return of mega deals despite the usual August lull, with BHP bidding USD 40 billion for Potash and Intel agreeing to buy McAffee.
The week was significant for the global telecoms industry, with two deals - one announced, one rumoured - valued at USD 22,904 million and USD 6,500 million, respectively.
Reckitt Benckiser's purchase of SSL was the week's largest acquisition by value but the only top-value health care deal in a week dominated by mining and resources.
BP dominated the week’s high-value rumours with the British press suggesting Exxon may swoop on the entire business.
Babcock International completed its purchase of UK defence firm VT Group, while BC Partners and Silver Lake bought MultiPlan of the US.
Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) targeting companies based in Vietnam reached a record USD 10,397 million... Read more…
Quarter 3 of 2018 has just ended and in the first three quarters of 2018 we have seen just over USD 3.5bn worth of announced deals globally.
We work to enhance intercultural understanding between community, business and education, encouraging global thought to go with local action. Supporting cultural education programs in both China and Australia that foster global citizenship, sustainability, and social entrepreneurship is our commitment working towards positive change.
In 2014 we were approached by Maurizio Vianni who had been looking for over two years for a Chinese language teacher in the Northern Rivers for his adopted son, Fu, from Taiwan.
So we got started with weekend workshops and realised there was an interested from other families who also wanted their children to have exposure to Chinese language and culture to help prepare them for the future we are all going to be living in. The question we asked ourselves was how are our youth in Regional Australia being supported for becoming leaders in Australia China bilateral relationships when they have little access to Chinese culture and language education programs? By facilitating China Australia education programs in regional Australia, we are helping our youth develop Asian Literacy skills and have a voice in their own community.
If you are living in the Northern Rivers and want to have access to Chinese language and culture programs, please fill in our contact form.
In September 2015 we partnered with Julie Lindsay, Founder of Flat Connections with the aim of using technology to connect learners and community groups from within China to those outside of China.
Each collaborative has a thematic approach and is digitally infused so that connections and collaborations are made virtually in both synchronous and asynchronous modes. The collaborative operate for about 8 weeks and are a learning space for both students and educators. We introduce new technologies, facilitate discussion and co-create solutions to real world problems. Teams are made up from global pods that showcase their solutions in the form of a multimedia piece. Our pilot program had interest from over 2,000 participants from USA, Australia and China and now has participants from New Zealand, Canada and some European countries.
For more information on the Connect with China Collaborative, or if you would like to get involved, please visit their website.
We work with the Australian Marine Debris Initiative to increase global awareness on protecting our oceans and waterways through education programs and professional development. We deliver marine debris workshops to our study tours and local schools in Australia and China. We also wrote the Australian Marine Debris Education Kit.
Our post study tour surveys indicate that our action based environmental classes are highly regarded by Chinese students. Read about our environmental programs in the media (link to media page).
You're reading Shade - The Other Side of Light Chap 23, Public date: 2013-10-03 05:19:29, please read Shade - The Other Side of Light chap 23 english scan online from right to left. BYou can use left (,) and right (.) keyboard keys or click on the Shade - The Other Side of Light ch.23 image to browse between Shade - The Other Side of Light ch.23 pages.
© 2010-2015 mangahippo.com, all rights reserved. Current Time is Tuesday 13th of November 2018 02:41:03 AM.
Great fun working with the happy couple and I've got some beautiful photos taken from the Grooms preparations all the way through to the 1st dance. 12 Hours total...........
Despite being stuck in the elevator with the Bride and Groom after a power cut on our way to the honeymoon suite the day went very well indeed. Sunshine all day...........
Professional Photographer based in Bristol, South West UK providing wedding, portrait and commercial photography in a fun, creative environment. Call us for any photography you may need.
Send this job to a friend NURSE MANAGER Category: Management/Supervisory Facility: Hospital Main Campus, KS...
We are currently looking to hire experienced and inexperienced caregivers in your area. We have 6 open positions...
Send this job to a friend Ambulatory Clinical Manager Category: Management/Supervisory Facility: Hospital Main...
Send this job to a friend CLINICAL NURSE II Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main Campus, KS...
Send this job to a friend CLINICAL NURSE I Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main Campus, KS...
As a Charge Nurse LPN at Golden LivingCenters, you will ensure that our patients get the care they need and that we...
Send this job to a friend NURSING CASE MGR Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main Campus, KS...
Send this job to a friend SPINE CENTER NURSE Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main Campus, KS...
Males/Females Needed A.S.A.P Jewelry Line $400 Start up unisex Jewelry company in need of models! Male and female...
Send this job to a friend UNIT COORDINATOR Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main Campus, KS...
Send this job to a friend NURSE PRACTITIONER CARDIOLOGY Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main...
Send this job to a friend NURSE PRACTITIONER INTERNAL Category: Nursing Professionals Facility: Hospital Main Campus,...
Copyright © 2018 stuffnads.com, All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
This article is an attempt of grounding an integral picture of the mechanism of translation modelling. The author clears up the set of constant and variable parameters of translation changes based on the translator’s principles and methods, the text-type, intertextual surroundings. Changes in the textual conventions spring up to rise to the audience’s expectations and requirements and the communicative culture of the target community. New methods of translation criticism are suggested.
The person Adams, Kate represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in Chemeketa Cooperative Regional Library Service (CCRLS).
Currently shared across 0 libraries and 0 members of Chemeketa Cooperative Regional Library Service (CCRLS)
The series AEC symposium series, 21 represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in College of Physicians of Philadelphia.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by College of Physicians of Philadelphia. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The temporal indicator of Henry VIII, 1509-1547 represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Grand Meadow Public Schools.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Grand Meadow Public Schools. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The concept Acorns -- Juvenile fiction represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Huntington Memorial Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Huntington Memorial Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The temporal indicator of 1787-1865 represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Farmington Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Farmington Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The place Adirondack Mountains Region represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Farmington Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Kasson Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The work Straight to DVD represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Lawrence Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Audio, Musical, Music.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Lawrence Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The topic Aesthetics, Japanese represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in New Hartford Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by New Hartford Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The agent AAA Pub. represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in New Hartford Library.
The concept Acerras (Baseball team) represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Rockport Public Library.
Brothers at bat : the true story of an amazing all-brother baseball team, by Audrey Vernick ; Illustrated by Steven Salerno
The work The girls : a novel represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Rockport Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
101 dalmatians, illustrated by Bill Langley and Ron Dias ; adapted by Justine Korman (Instance) - Salisbury Public Library
The instance 101 dalmatians, illustrated by Bill Langley and Ron Dias ; adapted by Justine Korman represents a material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Salisbury Public Library.
Data Citation of the Instance 101 dalmatians, illustrated by Bill Langley and Ron Dias ; adapted by Justine Korman
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Salisbury Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The work 10,000 days of thunder : a history of the Vietnam War represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Shattuck-St. Mary's School. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Shattuck-St. Mary's School. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The form Humorous poetry represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Stewartville Bear Cave Intermediate School.
A bad case of the giggles : kids pick the funniest poems, book #2, illustrated by Stephen Carpenter ; edited by Bruce Lansky
For laughing out loud : poems to tickle your funnybone, selected by Jack Prelutsky ; illustrated by Marjorie Priceman
When the teacher isn't looking : and other funny school poems, Kenn Nesbitt ; illustrated by Mike Gordon
The series 1-800-WHERE-R-YOU represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Vancouver Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Vancouver Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The agent ABA, General Practice, Solo and Small Firm Section represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Worthington Public Library.
Is there intelligent life in the universe? No one knows. We're still trying to find it here on Earth... meanwhile we can try and create some.
Kinsley. hello,i'm roxana, brunette and 21 years old. so, if you are in bucharest or you will come here and you want to meet a nice-sweet-sexy brunette then i'm your girl..
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Anal, Blowjob, Latina, Masturbation, Threesome, Reality etc.
This is a template for a future compatibility guide to running Linux with the HP ProBook 430 G1 laptop. If you have the HP ProBook 430 G1 and are running Linux on it please consider editing this page or adding a comment below with your compatibility details. By contributing you will help other people running this laptop or trying to make a decision on whether to buy it or not.
The following is the list modules from /etc/pm/config.d/modules I had to unload in order to prevent instant wakeup from suspend, using pm-utils:
The list was obtained completely by trial and error and checking individual module dependencies. Disabling 'Wake on USB' may render this unnecessary.
For Grub 2, the following entry to /etc/default/grub was necessary to be able to change screen brightness:
HP ProBook 430 G1 provides a reasonably satisfying experience with Linux as long as you are able work around potential issues, like not being able to change screen brightness and instant wakeup from suspend. The tips provided in the Notes section should suffice to overcome those issues for any modern GNU/Linux distribution.
Plato says, "The purpose of education is to give to the body and to the soul all the beauty and all the perfection of which they are capable." and Rosseau says, “Education is the art of bringing up children and of forming men.”
DSK Pinnacle has been constructed as the tallest residential tower of south India along the total of 46 floors in which 42 are available for residential purpose with 3BHK, 4BHK, 5BHK flats. And other floors are endowed with helipad, Aqua gym, a mini theatre, an observatory, and a sky lounge cafe.
The flats provided will be levied with smart home technology offered by Cisco. These are the facilities which distinguish the project from the rest. Apart from these the apartments are endowed with other exquisite luxuries for our comfort likewise swimming pool, grand atrium, jogging or walking trail, outdoor exercise area provided with the equipments, pick up and drop off points, international and beautifully designed landscape.
Then the indoors are also pro fused to suit the comfortable discourse of the residential such as a grand clubhouse with exclusive gymnasium, steam room, sauna, massage room with a separation for gents and ladies, sports courts for table tennis, billiards, pool, digital gaming zone and karaoke or aerobics and dance room for the recreational times says a Mantri Developers reviews.
The basic requirements like laundry, dry cleaner, ATMs, health room, multipurpose hall and library are also present within the mega structure. This apartment is in close vicinity to the reputed schools like Ryan International, Presidency, some major software firms like IBM, Accenture, 15 minutes distance to electronic city via NICE Corridor and good medical centers as well. The DSK Pinnacle has been rewarded as the “Ultra Luxury project of the year 2013” in the Silicon Valley of the country ‘’environment friendly project of the year 2012 by CMO Asia and Global PR Conclave both. The reliability of this project can be measured from the name of its developers.
By submitting your photo(s) to Manuary Me, you grant a royalty-free license to publicly display, reproduce, and use the photographs in any form or media for any and all editorial and related promotional purposes in perpetuity. However, you will retain the copyright to your photo(s) and we will not sell your photo(s).
You also warrant that the photo is your original work, does not violate the copyright or any other personal or property right of any third party, and you have obtained any and all releases and permissions necessary for our intended use.
Homes & Land is an all-inclusive property web site providing 1000s of luxury house listings and properties for sale in over 300 marketplaces
× Luxury Homes Vernal, UT Text a website link to the telephone to help you immediately get Instructions, see shots, and skim opinions on the run!
Our identical organizations close by shows very similar organizations in their business and region determined by details found of their Dun & Bradstreet Reliability Evaluate profile.
The person icon Personnel Picture indicates that the reviewer is definitely an worker of DexYP. DexYP operates and sells promotion on Superpages.com. The sights expressed in testimonials tend to be the view of each and every respective reviewer and do not always mirror the check out of DexYP.
Merely log in to the myWeichert account and access Get hold of info for all of your weichert associates in a single place. Lookup Look for a residence
The CENTURY 21® Procedure will let you Construct your job, regardless if you are new into the business enterprise or a seasoned Experienced.
You haven't favorited a listing still. After you most loved a listing you are able to filter the map to show only your favorites. Click a heart to get started!
Make sure you Take note that by filtering favorites, your whole filters together with drawn lookups and my Strategy Commute queries will be cleared.
These Houses are owned by a financial institution or maybe a lender who took possession by means of foreclosure proceedings. They might before long be outlined available for sale. These Attributes are not observed on a several listing assistance (MLS).
An proper illustration of the requested resource could not be discovered on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.
These Homes are owned by a lender or perhaps a lender who took ownership by foreclosure proceedings. They may quickly be shown available for purchase. These Homes are usually not discovered on the a number of listing company (MLS).
It's also possible to research in close proximity to a metropolis, spot, or handle as a substitute. Oops! We do not realize the net browser you're at this time making use of. Try examining the browser's aid menu, or searching the world wide web for Guidance to turn on HTML5 Geolocation in why not try this out your browser. You can even lookup close to a city, place, or handle as a substitute.
Luxury Homes has actually been furnishing inexpensive homes in Utah for over fifty yrs. Occur and see the standard and range that we have for the new residence.... Read through much more Considerably less
can save your preferred research and subscribe to an e mail inform to obtain automated real estate updates emailed to suit your requirements.
Please Observe that our small business hrs might fluctuate by year and availability. To you should definitely get the very best service, we advise that you simply give us phone or Get in touch with us ahead of time to produce an appointment or Check out our existing hours. We anticipate assisting you!
M.K. Banthia is the Managing Director & Founder of the company. He has over three decades of extensive industrial experience in the Bearing Industry.
Mr. Banthia is Gold Medalist of his Mechanical Engineering Batch from Malviya Regional Engineering College (now MNIT), Jaipur. After completing his education, he worked for almost 18 years in various bearing companies in India. During his service, he also stayed in Japan for almost a year where he got trained on bearing and its components design and manufacturing. Later he founded Manu Yantralaya at Jaipur initially to manufacture gaskets for spark plugs. He is responsible for overall research & technology activities of the company. He is associated with various social organizations & is a generous donor.
Anurag Banthia is a Director of Manu Yantralaya (P) Ltd. She is associated with the company since its inception and has an extensive experience in overall management of the organization.
Mrs. Banthia holds a Master Degree in Economic (Honors). Her area of specialization includes administration and human resource management. Her ability to create warmth in the organization has been the key strength of MANU. She has been a key driver in creating an ecosystem for sustainable growth. She is an art-lover & a very good painter.
Abhinav Banthia joined MANU in 2003 and is responsible for Advance Manufacturing & Design Solutions business across the globe covering a full spectrum of high value-added services including product design and engineering, supply chain and supplier management, advanced manufacturing and test process development, order management and optimization, product development and manufacturing, new product introduction management.
He holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from RV college of Engineering, Bangalore. He has been on cage manufacturing training to Japan for period for 2 months. He is deeply involved in organizations such as Young Indians and CII. He is a music enthusiast & an avid traveler.
“TPM (Total Productivity Management) is a religion in MANU & we worship our machines. Maintaining 5-S is of highest importance for our employees.”
U.B. Sadanand holds a Post Graduate in Mechanical Engineering with over 25 years of experience in the field of Bearing & allied industries. He brings with him a good knowledge of Tool Design, Quality and Management.
“We strive to provide our customers with products & services which exceeds their expectations. We are committed to continuous improvement and have established a quality management system which provides a framework for measuring and improving our performance.”
Ashok Mandolia has 20 years of experience in the areas of finance & strategic planning, corporate accounting and taxation, audit, general administration and management.
“Due to high quality products and good business ethics, we are world famous in our business arena. We are a socially responsible organization and doing our bit. Proud to be a part of MANU.”
There are around 200 employees working in MANU group as a whole. We provide a friendly environment to our employees and they in turn work as the owners of the company treating it to be their own. Each team member help each other succeed to accomplish the company's goals and provide their expertise on different projects and duties.
As the company policy is to provide best quality products to the customer, every employee is determined to give his/her best at the workplace. As a result, the products that we offer are of best quality with zero defects.
The FordKa is all about fun and thanks to its one-of-a-kind designing cues it is a shape that says fun. It is minimalistic and functional. Manufactured in Valencia, Spain, it’s quirky and full of personality. In short, the FordKa is a real head turner. It stands out from the crowd for all the right reasons.
The FordKa has won various awards in testimony to its new edge styling. Among them three major international awards for design: the American Industrial Design Excellence Award, the European Award for Auto Design and the “Golden Marker” award from the Japanese magazine Car Styling.
It’s safe to say that the Ka’s striking avant garde design and individual looks have contributed greatly to its continual appeal. Now as it enters the South African market, it will bring a new flavour and extra pizzazz to the local Sub-B segment.
Distinctive and different, FordKa introduces a sophisticated new look into the small car market. The FordKa’s exterior is graphic, almost flamboyant, with sheer, simple surfaces that flow together to create sweeping feature-lines and edge highlights where the curved planes intersect.
The inspiration for the visually playful FordKa came from a bottle of Evian water. The jagged mountains etched along the side of the bottle reminded the Ford design team of an edgy design they had seen before. Ford Motor Company’s German design studio had just proposed a concept for a new European small car but it was the Evian bottle that eventually got the ball rolling.
Originally introduced as a concept design it wasn’t long before FordKa made it to the production line. With its adventurous styling and simplified compact appeal it was logical to move the FordKa into production as the number of small car buyers were on the continual rise at the time.
The new design direction heralded the concept of “New Edge” design for Ford Motor Company. The new Ford theme sought to inspire customers by giving them cars that would be both stylish dependable and fun to drive.
FordKa is the epitome of this philosophy with its crisp lines, wide stance and edgy lines it has a definite individuality. With all four wheels pushed to the outer corners of the vehicle its dynamic handling characteristics shine through.
It is certainly safe to say that the FordKa cuts the mustard in the urban style stakes. It comes in a variety of fresh and youthful colour pallets. There are three solid colours on offer namely; Deep Navy, Bright Yellow and Diamond White. The metallic range also includes a variety of fashionable colours such as Panther Black, Moondust Silver, Tango, Viola, Tonic, Apple and Jeans Blue.
The bumpers are colour coded with the mirrors and door handles both in black. In addition you will find the instrumentation panel features sports-style silver dials with black graphics, tinted windows and alloy wheels all of which reiterate the vehicle’s sporty and trendy intentions.
The FordKa’s interior is as distinctive as its memorable exterior shape. The interior is designed around the customer. It is modern and distinctive, with an emphasis on practicality, functionality and comfort. The passengers benefit from an improved sense of spaciousness, enhanced by an uncluttered interior.
The unique, curving shape of the instrument binnacle puts the driver in command, with easy-to-read instruments linked to an integrated silver centre console that is inclined slightly towards the driver. This brings the controls of the uniquely styled audio bezel and heater into hand’s reach while the eye-catching oval-shaped analogue clock is centrally-mounted on the upper fascia.
The dashboard and soft touch steering wheel make for a pleasurable interior environment. Door panels feature colour co-coordinated cloth trim integrated with the sheet metal of the door frame, which has a painted finish in the exterior body colour. The interior cloth trim pattern for the seats and door panels is called Indigo Cascade.
The FordKa’s unique style, urban practicality and fun-loving nature have inspired many artists across Europe. British artist Rob Scott combined genres of installation art and car design in the Ka Aquarium exhibition shown at fashionable bars, nightspots and shops throughout the country. German artist HA Schult created 50, hand-painted exclusive editions of the Globe Ka, based on the famous World Globe in Cologne.
One of the most extraordinary collaborations came when Spanish artists Pedro Moriliio and Ricardo Ruiz were so taken with the dynamic Ford Ka they were inspired to construct a sculpture made with 2 000 FordKa parts. Exhibited in the Leulle de Espane, a pedestrian zone in Barcelona, the sculpture is 270 meters in length.
Fawhion slowly entered me from behind and fucked me as his wife sat at end of the bed watching. She was wearing a long warm pair of pants, and a T-Shirt of a band she listened to when she was younger, I was wearing just a plain grey undershirt, and shorts, I didn't get very cold, and then we just sat there, kissing each other, listening to the leaves rustle, the air whistle, and the nightlife of the bush come to life.
My pussy burned harder. Demie kills people, but she can make herself look (and feel) like any girl I want. ", Kylie stood and moved to the tripod,looking through the view finder she brought her fingers to her pussy and slowly stroked it.
We plan of spending a night every now and then at fashkon old hotel with our favorite lady. She walked through the door and her tail, which had just appeared with her horns and hooves as her skin darkened to a sunburned red, closed it behind her.
It is not a function of science to "prove" anything. Science explains based on the culmination of evidence and is always open to incorporating new evidence when it is found. You seem to be very hostile toward the scientific process.
There is no connection, though, is there? And why would a black sculptor refuse to build a cross sculpture for a KKK rally? You're dodging the question.
Are you surprised though ? Conservatives continue to see 3 million imaginary illegal voters, murderous illegals and MS-13 everywhere.
woulda loved to have a meal 'n cocktail with him (to me an oddly entertaining guy who mighta proven insufferable everyday but so much fun to endure his certain opinions ; ) Sorry for his apparent sadness.
Thank you for your thoughts. I do see faith as being fluid and also it is a journey. I appreciate and understand where you come from. ???????
The definitions of liberal and conservative are relative to the system you're currently living in. But traditional American conservatism is synonymous with free market capitalism. So its rare to find a free market capitalist that identifies as liberal
{Jesus would?ve been fine ?confiscating? property to pay for our 400 billion dollar military industrial complex though.}
According to the Census Bureau, over 50 million Americans receive public assistance, so if your assessment is true, that 10% is a big number. I'm not referring to the homeless, because they are not your typical welfare or food stamp recipient.
Yes he can refuse and should on grounds of his faith that is compromised. He is not recognising them as ' married couples' because they are not.
Your "free and civil" society cannot be democratic. Are you suggesting to impose some habits upon people which they don't like? In a democracy people democratically decide what way of life they prefer.
Disclaimer: The views, opinions and positions expressed within this guest article are those of the author Ernst Kraft alone and do not represent those of the Marbella Marbella website. The accuracy, completeness and validity of any statements made within this article are not guaranteed. We accept no liability for any errors, omissions or representations. The copyright of this content belongs to Ernst Kraft and any liability with regards to infringement of intellectual property rights remains with the author.
CRUISE SHIPS? NO THANK YOU Andrew J Linn What should we think of the growing movement across the world to d ›
The many article abstracts in information with metamorphosis with narcissus could be instantly saved via 1millionessays. -
The many article abstracts in information with metamorphosis with narcissus could be instantly saved via 1millionessays.
This entry was posted in Social Media and tagged Basil petrol project assist these people your current on July 4, 2018 by smoss.
Tweet Sacree Fleur Whilst sounding these concerns, many people plead- Might anyone generate my essay in my situation? helps out these kinds of hopeless pupils throughout going for timely along with superior school assist. It’s all completed with assistance from an established team of Originallancers plus authors, whom recognize all the tips for filling out challenges as [...]
Whilst sounding these concerns, many people plead- Might anyone generate my essay in my situation? helps out these kinds of hopeless pupils throughout going for timely along with superior school assist. It’s all completed with assistance from an established team of Originallancers plus authors, whom recognize all the tips for filling out challenges as well as study for these people by using faultlessness.
Often, men and women might sit, if they would like to enhance these individuals some kind of special features, which they really do not have got. Everybody desire to be as good as they are in the actual. For doing it, they can visualize diverse circumstances, that you just are not able to examine.
Accomplish The Paper Solutions – A Support to a lot of Individuals in Composing Very good Essay Items
Basil petrol is an excellent oil pertaining to tranquilizing a similar bites, and it’s an excellent cure for delicate pores and skin. Basil petrol is usually combined with massage therapy essential oil. That produces reduction, consequently, for anyone who is ultra exhausted after having a efforts, rub muscular tissues by using tulsi essential oil.
To help concern students to consider wonderfully, some colleges consist of limited, “quick take” asks that require not many words and phrases or maybe content for your reaction. Some examples include things like College with Lower California’s “What’s the best invention in history?” plus School associated with Maryland’s sentence in your essay achievement encourages for instance “My beloved benefit of final Wednesday…”
A person don’t ought to put income cheap essay writing service in uk on the getting to work, additional references or hotel. Merely the home along with absorb the data from the display screen. Expenses fees allow me to share also more compact or simply cost-Original. And it’s also pretty crystal clear the reason: not only college students but additionally a college lessens it has the fees on the education. The chief benefit with some time is flexibleness. A person’s routine is just not predestined: you develop the particular program based on your lifestyle.
The team of ultra excited scientists from the School regarding Bern really put together an answer to this creepy wonder if a full and also clean draught beer container could make harm while extreme when fracturing people brain? A new decrease podium was applied from the group of researchers as a way to examine the splitting drive of the bare as well as total alcohol baby bottles. Based on the examination, that it was discovered the full dark beer package could have the wide ranging to be able to attack the point having 70 percent far more energy as compared with an empty package connected with ale.
For a issue like state policies, in which some other problem is contentious, it might be very troublesome that you select a theme that can are the main on the amazing debate for your dissertation document.
In numerous families, where there are a great deal of assault about the young children, it is easy to observe, in which these kinds of kids are anxious, there’re slender, do not teeth and in many cases will visit also to speak later on, as opposed to other people on the ordinary families. They’ve simply facial looks and in some cases previous and also messy garments, likewise they can fragrance negative. Also, it’s tricky to master in class for these people.
All of us hire just professionals and also doctor of philosophy task support teachers of Sydney. MyassignmenthelpвЂ™s project assist instructors online writing service proceed through a comprehensive project assist tests procedure before they are area of the myassignmenthelp team. Therefore, we all provide you with the finest job help services to be able to individuals. The project assist companies not only assist to improve your level also help an individual in mastering. We believe in delivering in depth detail by detail remedy of each project assist difficulty.
Is effective connected with arts usually are governed by grievance. In the critical investigation newspaper, internet writers investigate an ebook, a essay, your favorite shows or other type of arts. The objective is always to determine as well as show the particular author’s debate and provide individual sides at the conclusion. For those who build a significant cardstock considering it when critique publishing, then you certainly should know crucial evaluation paperwork tend to be connected with assessment, over a e-book record.
In the argumentative research paper you’re principal authority. You put together details and maybe several justifications coming from professionals from the discipline, however at the end of the day, an individual ponder within about them together with information as well as reasoning. Therefore the reason for an argumentative essay is usually to claim how you feel is valid.
As far as the actual quotation guidelines are concerned, you may never locate a greater choice for authors.
In case you have currently completed your current 4-year college diploma, your transcript ought to express your current level and also amount conferral date that need considering recognized.
Illustrate the importance (relevance) with the study — why has been this specific worth carrying out initially? Give you a broad circumstance.
If you opt to pick out your ghost writers along with let us assist you with your own essay, most of us promise to perform our very best and even more. Our customized creating firm is one kind of prime providers on the net. Along with here’s exactly why:
Their list of things you never including is really as essential as the earlier one particular. That you are unlikely to become successful studying or perhaps learning something you don’t truly similar to. Without knowing these details your learning might result in strain and itchiness. The writing term papers most important hazard to the profitable understanding will be tension that prevents through becoming efficient as well as receptive and with no strikes, you will not manage to remember data. All these powerful strain operations strategies are the most useful remedy for this condition.
being offered on the internet best writing services regarding open public employ, illustration term papers can be accessed and also completed since full papers simply by anyone
“The company’s structure forms an agreement from your firm as well as its customers. The documents will be, even so, an exotic one, constrained within both it has the extent in addition to sustainability despite the most effective attempts with the Providers Work 2004 to describe matters” Talk about.This kind of essay’s regarding the “company’s constitution”. So I might need to talk about the company’s composition is usually.I’d likewise need totalk in regards to the contractformed regarding the coand the members by theconstitutionAnd particularly, I’d personally must talkabout just how this particular deal was strange.Especially, I needed tocomment within the scopeand sustainability connected with thiscontractFinally, I’d personally needto thoughts onwhat the particular CompaniesAct performed or perhaps couldn’t doto shed light on this bit of legislation.Therefore, having “interrogated” this inquiry this essayplan appears to be follows“The company’s make-up styles a legal contract coming from a corporation and its participants. The documents is, on the other hand, a unique just one, constrained in their opportunity and durability in spite of the ideal campaigns of your Firms Act 2006 to spellout matters”, Talk about.ESSAY PLAN- Introduction- What’s the “company’s constitution”?– The way the metabolism styles a contract- Just how the following contract will be unusual- How the deal is proscribed around scope- What sort of plan has limitations throughout permanence- What the Organizations Work do re also: clarification- ConclusionThe IntroductionYou’ve interrogated the question and therefore hasled you to definitely ones essay prepare. It’s easy to truck a person’s dog pen and begin writing. You start having an review of your current essay.Consider just about any fantastic publication that you’ve go through and also someone to write my essay uk any kind of terrific movie you have saw. The first few grammatical construction as well as scenarios are supposed to pick up an individual, to allow you to wish a lot more. There’s mainly very little distinctive through an review of legislation essay (conserve of which, in case you compose a bad introduction, your teachers don’t have any option in excess of whether they go on reading. )5 top suggestions for Introductions in order to Laws EssaysNo 1Think associated with context as well as launching traces. Essay problems in legislation usually are during one significant topic, by which you are required in order to discuss/analyse/critically evaluate/review (etc) a person modest element. Even though the way to go have to concentration on the sub-topic, you may have some reader’s particular attention giving context towards broader issue, by simply expressing the reason that which you are dealing with can be fascinating as well as vital or perhaps major.No 2Have a particular line of point. People should learn, inside large conditions, that which you are going to notify find out unique truly worth studying upon. Telling them what will you be quarrelling can also help these people realize maybe you are announcing a little something gripping in addition to, in a simpler stage, assists them understand what you want to declare. Being a friend when claimed, creating legislation essay is not really including composing the detective novel. Email box being to wait until one more set for the large show you, to uncover “whodunit”. As a substitute, you should be revealing to people, in your release, just what exactly ones realization will probably be.No 3Say what exactly you’re stating. Supply the readers an idea of the way your solution will probably be organized. This can inform them (the) when they desire to stay with me plus (b) what are the understand you’ve with the issue. A very good design can be a sign of a author’s get of your substance: they deomonstrate they can be in the matter and taking audience in the substance inside of a reasonable purchase. Furthermore, it makes all the essay easier to have an understanding of. People is aware what is available as soon as.Simply no 4Engage using the question. We realise that usually, almost all of you won’t love a variety of concerns within legislations. You will not have got sleeplessness making the breadth in addition to characteristics regarding respectable objectives urgent essay writing service or even the teleological solution from the ECJ. But once looking at crafting a essay issue, you should make believe you proper care a small amount. You will need to set aside your boredom with Lawbreaker Law/Trusts/Land Law/[insert identity in this article connected with portion you do not like] along with indicate the actual examiner that you are involved yourself using the matter. A great way you should do is of which having an opinion/argument. And so, should the problem claims for your requirements, “Recklessness throughout Lawbreaker Laws should invariably be assessed through an ambition standard”, present an opinion (the best way or the other) with that normal. Them doesn’t topic for those who don’t 110% passionately as well as complete heartedly feel/care about it judgment, just have a person. Articles tend to be disputes, not necessarily points. And so, one thing to remove from this rule is definitely: employ a position and find them over inside the launch.Absolutely no 5Remember: this is regulation, never cinema scientific tests. Your introduction must be apparent, to the point, properly organised and also to use a point/an viewpoint. That shouldn’t become very flamboyant and also written like the oncoming of an impression bit inside a tabloid papers. And so, as a result of the question, “The Long term contract (Privileges associated with Any other companies) Act 2000 has had a restricted effect on the actual doctrine connected with privity regarding contract”, don’t create “The 2007 Respond is a travesty plus a disgrace and will become abolished forthwith”. You have to struck a balance between grabbing a persons vision with the readers, even though nevertheless publishing ‘like your lawyer’.Owning completed the particular Benefits, you are now begin crafting the key body of your respective essay. As well as, certainly, you should cover away from every single things identified through the interrogation from the dilemma.Here are some tips for whenit involves writing {the main|th
information gathering to the purposes of fundraising events with the external extramarital affairs offices; survey to the purpose of acceptance recruiting; enrolling initiatives pertaining to college as well as staff; statistical information collected for that management of institutional affairs; along with attitudinal analysis of alumni, individuals, as well as parents
Junk food dining places should not include substances for you to meals that they law essay writing service uk generate.
Doubtlessly, creating several types of academic papers involves well-thought-out introspective solution. Before begin their day within the main body in the written text, this writer has got to make certain that the picked theme is in every means pleasing. Definitely, even reliable creating focuses that let individuals to order essay newspapers on-line are not able to generate a cardstock getting unaware of the names of the games.
We now have area professionals with the disposal and also determine these people in accordance with the discipline and also the specifics of your own professor’s requirements;
Find the Trials selection – study Three or more randomly-provided pages through purchases which were published by the allocated article writer.
Any time will aspects of the recommendations always be put in place? Short-, medium-, and also long-term implementation prepare?
Additionally, the use of each of our dissertation composing services, you can find a totally Original modification. By doing this you are able to request just about any static correction you may need. It is deemed an powerful assistance. An individual immediate the boss’s perform and relish the results.
Use your very carefully determined keyword phrases in addition to words to locate ebooks, newsletters, in addition to journals that report for a subject within the listing of the college collection and also online such databases since JSTOR, Proquest, in addition to EbscoHost. Look through the results for every single bibliographic violation access.
Whenever they no difference to ones results irrespective of how much work you spend producing a person’s university essay should you not understand the appropriate action to take. Creating the influential essay is not an complicated endeavor because would likely believe. Everything you should try this is the best university essay publishing strategies, which may place you in where expressing the details in a manner that excites a guitar tutor.
Many times, it is difficult to clarify specific situations without the speaks. When you feel these situation, utilize dialogues to warrant the task. A dialogue needs to be obvious as well as suitable. Make sure to include things like actual sculpt along with debate. It is possible to require firmness the actual addition of anything because anger, a smile on the face, great laugh, exhausted, for example.
Make it the behavior to check along with critique every one of your newspapers in advance of submitting these people. This really is time-consuming, although it’s in no way misused period. Editing is also a proficiency: the better you train, the better your skills get.
Not surprisingly, it’s not all in all, having said that, you’ll know what is important just like you are not envious almost everything best without any practical experience — it’s not possible! Hence, to get essay cheap will be the best solution. At any rate, you won’t eliminate definitely not will receive good effect along with Original a long time. Only logon and be set that the get are usually in efforts and qualitatively published.
Nicely, the particular boost in the particular strength green house smells within our setting will be undeniable, and then we have observed quite a few significant alterations in the climate as a result of green house effect. Some disadvantages in the greenhouse effect can be apparent:
There’s hardly any each of our Originallance writers are not able to accomplish, which is not just a boast but a affirmation of fact. When you’ve inserted a purchase with our company, you already know what to do in the event you at any time will need an additional inexpensive yet high-quality essay papers created totally according to the instruction a person supply. Those who repeatedly obtain essays on the internet cease making use of some other organizations after they’ve tried out each of our companies actually once website that writes essay for you – and they don’t ever end getting astounded by the pure scope associated with topics and also subjects paid by the employees.
Crafting services including our bait provide you with major benefit of quickness, excellent as well as experience to have the paramount paper inexpensive revenue can obtain. Using essay crafting on the internet, you don’t commonly be able to command your imaginative procedure. With our company, having said that, you are in total power over the complete generate procedure when you are with continual communicating with this Originallance writers and publishers.
At this point, reach one’s destination for the first time: stay regimented and cling to the suggestions stated earlier everyday. Try following a real strategy during a month or two, and you may start to see the alteration in your productiveness.
In order to are the accountable human being, you’ll want to leave the area with the convenience. But you should do this task in order to make positive changes to daily life in order to result in it. If you need to have more details about that theme, since you would like to them, place the an order on our site and all of our copy writers will probably be grateful to create the actual essay in relation to responsibility for you.
I have listed some of our astounding assures as well as Original gifts, plus student’s who’ve previously brought on people are typically very happy with the company. In truth, in addition 9 out of 10 of our prospects wind up getting recurring clientele, 9 out of 10 also review convalescing scores due to your forms. We’re also obtaining responses by learners over the years simply because our own reports are truly of good quality. When you’re curious as to your work, you will find there’s large amount of sample essays on our internet site, and you will take a look at the theifs to learn how each of our efforts are credible essay writing services to see for yourself the type of publishing that we’re speaking about.
Because best British articles assist, most people make certain that your advertising and marketing documents usually are perfectly consisting along with brought to you on-time. Essays Upon Web gives you essentially the most up-to-date homework with its discoveries as well as keep from which includes past it or changed true details. Your composing help assures ideal results plus brings some specifics of forthcoming inclinations regarding your theme in addition to issue. Our whole marketing and advertising plans are made from the beginning and provide you a specialized as well as unique mindset in your initiatives.
PPC manager at 123interface.com and co-author of "AdWords University: The Complete Guide to AdWords".
A number of the principal advantages of each of our essay experts along with Britain Article Producing Program? →
March toward $1,000,000 - Page 10 of 20 - I'm marching my way to a $1,000,000 portfolio ... one purchase at a time.
I’ve decided to make my money, that I work hard for, work hard for me … so I won’t have to work so hard. Money matters – not how much you have, but what you do with it. I’m a regular guy with a regular job who likes regular things, like you (or at least someone you know), and I plan on proving regular guys don’t have to have regular bank accounts. I’m going to dink and dunk my way to a million and blog about the journey. Feel free to follow along. If I can do it, anyone can.
© Ben Stroup and marchtowardamillion.com (2016). Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
outdoor built in griddle this brief guide ill teach you the basics of griddles from what learned over years most going to learn comes with grill.
Coming up with like essay or dissertation isn’t a simple job. You may want to desire to study this dissertation out loud to someone to realize what many think. Pick and choose this issue you wish not to mention craft an individual’s article upon that special topic. This valuable area within the essay or dissertation really needs to be typically the ethical of this story. Representation documents seem to be documents while the contributor takes in out there big dissertation and then outline connected with a selected paper, and then contributes articles the dissertation in their own personal style.
You should see how to ending some sort of essay or dissertation the appropriate way, designed for best possible effect. My best seek is due within one hour not to mention We’ve absolutely no idea where you’ll get started. Undertake to locate a issue that you will absolutely feel totally passionate about, simply because rrt’s going to substantiate as a more effective composition and will also be much more challenging in order to write.
Actually should the seek seriously isn’t for every targeted plan, the aforementioned key elements are generally put on minus the original one. Setting out your own essay or dissertation is a superb procedure to arrange your thinking not to mention flesh your essay or dissertation topic. Any try is definitely part of producing, typically out of the author’s man or women standpoint. A great seek depends not only on the stock market exploiting add-on about the enjoy involved with words. A terrific argumentative essay or dissertation provides each disadvantages and benefits in the make a difference, and also clarifies as to why the side in the source is actually the most successful side.
The actual looking at connected with newspaper could be very great for the scholars to get their particular tongue capacity and additionally expertise in any world. The previous perusing have got to consequently be used in place to find all level that’s been have missed out. Find following studying will be able to then come to be set about that will makes important in choosing an all-inclusive inclusion of this topic. In the event a given theme is offered on what the particular article must remain authored, then it is reasonably uncomplicated. Normally, this topics pertaining to this kind of essay usually are controversial. A great niche lap writing board write my paper for me laptop with on screen writing and touch screen a great argumentative seek is required to be a dilemma which is 2-sided. You wil discover numbers in very good information to get these essay. Both of those writers radius with regards to the in the outdoors during awesome span with their essays. The author might go with a part, and study to see examples in which prove his or her points. Valuable authors utilize a variety of content to help keep people focused on what exactly they can be reading. Decide on the ideal copy writer most people know. Your essayist has to demonstrate themself and even himself and also understand your dog or maybe she has discussing.
Little children can even study from a fast rate andwant and can need to learn brand-new details. It is necessary that the little one finds first that may the globe would not focus on her on it’s own, also it aids your son or daughter know that him and i stay in any multicultural the world rife with quite a few one of a kind forms of individuals. A daughter or son works workout plus outlook plus sets out to foresee a further activity. The fact remains, age 14 years and years following our earliest use, your young children are still attacking the age if they’re gravely bearing in mind any time they also have children. A lot of argument thats best suited grow older to find a cellphone is.
Create an uncertain condensation for so what you wish in order to along with the factors that needs to be included. A critical level to note the moment penning a major seek is the performer really should be specified importance. Mainly because you pointed out, the straightforward reality Oxford lexicon isn’t really submitting it has the paper release any more is known as a sizeable clue. You have got to give them away a solid idea of your actual age in addition to how we were as an individual rear then. The notion of folks inevitably to save photo material on their heads can take place gullible, nevertheless determination of folks depending on pix to be able to search to how the society is, will be interest on experience in an effort to survive. They should recognize that there’s a dependence on both equally digital camera, sound experience as well as print variant regarding books.
The actual action is undoubtedly to check a job using consideration. It’s thought to be a period when individuals are typically mentally miserable inside their lives. Mainly because may accretion period about World is not though regarded, and therefore the prophecy from diverse accretion products fluctuate at a number of scores close to concerning 100 million dollars quite a few years, the age Earth is actually challenging to determine. This valuable occasion, you’re going to embark on from the start and just keep writing before you whole these story.
A detailed learn involving the subject below argument is totally necessary each of us would like to yield a new reply to it. There is no component to her lifetime that is certainly proscribed in just her essays. The actual familiarity expertise connected with the online world may very well have disadvantages. Found in 17 hundred London, organized religion turned out to be a big element of plan life.
Most desirable Destination to Get Essay Allow! We have been happy to welcome you at the first-class paper writing assistance!
What In-Crowd Wouldn’t Reveal to A person With regards to The way to Be able to write Chi town Style Essays
15. Prospectify.io listmyfive (1) http://www.affiliatetreasurechest.com/wp-content/uploads/listbuilding.pdf I say something just like this: GET A DEMO Spend less time on prospect research and contact gathering and more time having actual sales conversations. Join our Google+ Community Sometimes these subgroups are created from many criteria, but often they’re based off a single, simple criteria such as, “Have these people already purchased a product from me?” Please log in again. The login page will open in a new window. After logging in you can close it and return to this page. Books With Free Book promotion is bigger than an email program. No matter what program you use, remember you still need a quality product and a good list of readers who want to follow you and see what you have to say. If you keep your communcations entertaining or educatatonal and always relevant to your audience, everything will come together for your book promotion efforts. SEO Services Rocky Mountain Writer #137 August 17, 2018 Try now & find 50 email addresses for free. Draw Close to God sylvia lafair (2) They moved on—meaning they switched jobs or email addresses and they don’t even see your emails any more. Sean says author strategies (1) book research (1) Rocky Mountain Writer #138 August 24, 2018 Purchase Lists About FFW Patricia Stoltey So, you’re sold. How do you start building your email list? @SridharRKrishnan:disqus Remember how I told you to give away something to build your email list earlier int his article? Email Transactional queries are the most likely to convert and generally include terms that revolve around price, brand, and location, which is why navigational and local intent are nestled within this stage of the intent funnel. Every week we publish a new article on customer loyalty and building a customer-centric company.Read the latest Upcoming SlideShare Share this Article Free Deck With Pergola Plan from Home Stratosphere ebooks (15) media coverage (1) 1 star1 star (0%)	Download / Buy Take a look at my homepage right here: A weekly blog post character development (4) Reminder Back to top Submit to Dates & Deadlines Debra Carttar (1) Event Marketing14 Finally, every email you send should contain contact details for your business and a link which allows people to unsubscribe from you list. If this seems a lot to deal with, the 123 Reg email marketing tool comes with built in features that will help you do email marketing without spamming. business books (1) Build An Email List Outreach and Amplification You can overcome that ignorance, to build a better list and be a better email marketer with these four tips… VipeCloud 14 of 17 Tribe Hotels.com SEO Copywriting + Certified Project Case Studies Let Us Help You Bathroom Repair & Reno Internet Marketing Creating Your Action Plan and Online Business Timeline Member Login * According to The Relevancy Group’s findings, US marketing executive believe that email alone drives the same amount of revenue as their social media, website and display ad efforts combined. 3 …But I filmed a video about why you should build an email list… right now. Living Buildings are among the healthiest and most efficient in the world. We want to tell your story; allow us to shine a spotlight on your certified project. Free Pergola Plan to Go Over a Patio by Ron Hazelton You can overcome that ignorance, to build a better list and be a better email marketer with these four tips… marketing materials (1) Public clipboards featuring this slide If the desired outcome of any webpage is an email signup, the structure of the content should be styled as a landing page; in other words, no sidebars, no footer, a subdued header, and plenty of single-column copy that dives right in to what the page is about. Disclaimer Helpful Links To keep them engaged, you need to keep sending them reminders of who you are and what you do, without always trying to sell them something. Freebies are generally always welcome, and a service like MailChimp means getting that freebie out to all your subscribers more easily. Sending them your Blog on a regular basis can also be very productive. Copywriting is hard for so many new internet marketers. It’s also very important as you say. I think the best way to get started with your writing is to start writing as yourself – write something your familiar with rather than something you’re still learning yourself. Be honest and tell people you’re just getting started. 3 reasons to join EverTrue at RAISE 2018 Travel & hospitality Notifies when your candidate changes jobs Choosing the Best List Hosting Provider Follow Hardcover blogging (6) Member Login With each new email that comes in, I see your face and read your words. And what a breath of fresh air you are! Fresh air in a vast sea of information for new writers. Your enthusiasm and support and just plain "humanness" has made my exploratory journey as a (new) writer feel manageable and accessible. So, thank you. I've never been happier. radio pitching (1) The Basics of Project Management for Commercial Construction how does [product name] work Board Members Area Industry 25. GetProspects.co Writer of the Year All images and text on this site are property of Joy Pursued. No part of this material may be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the prior written permission from the author, except for brief excerpts with full attribution to Joy Pursued and a link back to this site. Pinning and sharing on social media is always welcome and appreciated. Thank you! Bathroom Repair & Reno You can tell your subscribers when you’re planning an event. PowerPoint Courses Notifies when your candidate changes jobs FLG MATS Select another clipboard Green Transportation Post-footer signup forms should let readers know that if they enjoyed what they just read, they can join the newsletter to get notified of future posts. Whether you keep it super simple... Effective Internet Presence Mobile Search Collect email addresses: Use a simple way of collecting email addresses, such as manually importing your subscribers into a list in your email system (e.g., Gmail, Outlook, Apple mail, etc.), or sign up for a free version of an email marketing system (e.g., MailChimp, Constant Contact, etc.). 18. Skrapp Yeah, small, elite armies with no gimmick tend to be really hard to play overall. That said, I think they’re more viable here than they are in other game systems, since the elite but expensive units tend to actually be worth their points, and have powerful gimmicks that help them influence the game. how to get email contacts | digital marketing automation how to get email contacts | best autoresponder how to get email contacts | marketing automation system
Kalat Biological Psychology 10th Edition Website no short explaining about kalat biological psychology 10th edition website because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kalat Biological Psychology 10th Edition Quizzes no short explaining about kalat biological psychology 10th edition quizzes because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kalat Biological Psychology 10th Edition no short explaining about kalat biological psychology 10th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kalam Dnb Cet 3rd Edition Ebook no short explaining about kalam dnb cet 3rd edition ebook because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kakac Heat Exchanger Solution no short explaining about kakac heat exchanger solution because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Finnish French Georgian German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Kazakh Korean Kyrgyz Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malay Mongolian Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Sudanese Swedish Tajik Turkish Ukrainian Uzbek Vietnamese
Please check out my latest post, too. And if you want, let's follow each other's blog and IG? Would love to have a new friend here ♥
Kahramaa New Regulation For Substation no short explaining about kahramaa new regulation for substation because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kagan Western Heritage Test Bank no short explaining about kagan western heritage test bank because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kagan The Western Heritage 7th Edition no short explaining about kagan the western heritage 7th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kagan The Western Heritage 10th Edition no short explaining about kagan the western heritage 10th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kafka And The Yiddish Theater Its Impact On His Work no short explaining about kafka and the yiddish theater its impact on his work because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kaffir Boy Student Packet By Novel Units Inc Ebooks no short explaining about kaffir boy student packet by novel units inc ebooks because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kaeser Sx6 Compressor no short explaining about kaeser sx6 compressor because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kaeser As 30 Compressor Manual no short explaining about kaeser as 30 compressor manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kabc Assessment Scoring Guide no short explaining about kabc assessment scoring guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kabbalistic Teachings Of The Female Prophets The no short explaining about kabbalistic teachings of the female prophets the because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Kabaleo Teachers College Png Application Forms no short explaining about kabaleo teachers college png application forms because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ka Stroud Engineering Mathematics In 6th Edition no short explaining about ka stroud engineering mathematics in 6th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ka Stroud Engineering Mathematics 7th Edition no short explaining about ka stroud engineering mathematics 7th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ka Stroud Engineering Mathematics 6th Edition no short explaining about ka stroud engineering mathematics 6th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ka Stroud Engineering Mathematics 5th Edition no short explaining about ka stroud engineering mathematics 5th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ka Stroud 6th Edition no short explaining about ka stroud 6th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K8 Cars User Guide no short explaining about k8 cars user guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K6math Com Geometry Answers Calculate The Area Of Compound Figures no short explaining about k6math com geometry answers calculate the area of compound figures because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K53 Learners Test Papers South Africa no short explaining about k53 learners test papers south africa because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K53 Learners Test Papers Full no short explaining about k53 learners test papers full because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K53 Learners Test Papers English no short explaining about k53 learners test papers english because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K53 Learners Test Papers And Answers no short explaining about k53 learners test papers and answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K53 Learners New Edition Bing no short explaining about k53 learners new edition bing because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K40 Defuser User Guide no short explaining about k40 defuser user guide because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
K2700 Repair Manual no short explaining about k2700 repair manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
complete graded spelling lists with spelling and vocabulary exercises years one and two british and world english kit s graded spelling lists no text description for complete graded spelling lists with spelling and vocabulary exercises years one and two british and world english kit s graded spelling lists books because this is pdf file Ebooks
conceptual physics concept development answer key no text description for conceptual physics concept development answer key books because this is pdf file Ebooks
grade 1mid year economics question papers no text description for grade 1mid year economics question papers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
magazine nuts acaezae15 june 2018 uk online read no text description for magazine nuts acaezae15 june 2018 uk online read books because this is pdf file Ebooks
digital library project report no text description for digital library project report books because this is pdf file Ebooks
final term question paper for grade 7 2018 no text description for final term question paper for grade 7 2018 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
water operator study guide no text description for water operator study guide books because this is pdf file Ebooks
ford freestyle repair manual no text description for ford freestyle repair manual books because this is pdf file Ebooks
digital design morris mano fifth edition solutions bing no text description for digital design morris mano fifth edition solutions bing books because this is pdf file Ebooks
gilmore girls season 6 episode guide no text description for gilmore girls season 6 episode guide books because this is pdf file Ebooks
europe faces revolutions guided reading no text description for europe faces revolutions guided reading books because this is pdf file Ebooks
edexcel s1 may 2018 no text description for edexcel s1 may 2018 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
death penalty paper topics no text description for death penalty paper topics books because this is pdf file Ebooks
physical sciencegrade 11 june exam exampler 2018 paper 2 no text description for physical sciencegrade 11 june exam exampler 2018 paper 2 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
fuel system diagram 727 no text description for fuel system diagram 727 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
I really wanted a wreath for my door, one of those full, green ones with ornaments on it. While I was at hobby lobby, I saw a few that I really liked. Then I saw the prices: $109. 00 for a decorated wreath. WOW! Even with the 50% off sale, the wreath STILL would have cost over $50.00. That was WAY more than I wanted to spend. Since I didn't want to spend so much money, and making crafts is such a fun hobby, I decided to make my own. Final cost was just under $25, plus I had a lot of fun putting it together. I think it turned out really pretty.
First I started with a 30" plain green wreath that I got at hobby lobby. Origional cost was 24.99, but at 50% off it was $12.00
I bought 8 decorative picks with forest greenery, to help fill out the wreath a little. I also chose different sizes, to give the wreath some dimension. The picks were also 50% off at hobby lobby.
I played around with the positions of the picks, until I found the look I wanted. Then I glued them on with…
All morning I have been thinking of my sweet little grandmas. Both of my grandmas passed on quite a while ago. They were both strikingly different, one lived in town and the other lived on a farm. I would like to share some stories about them, in a blog series called "Memories", that are so inspiring and demonstrate how amazing they were. Today, I would like to tell you about my "Town Grandma". I remember this grandma was an "old grandma", she was born on August 24, 1879, so when I was almost 6 ( just before she passed on) she was in her 70's. Even though she died just before my 6th birthday it is amazing how much I remember about her. Maybe it was because she was truly my best friend.
, This is a picture of my grandma and her 5 sisters. My grandma is on the top row on the right. I want to share a story about her from the early 1900's
The year was 1913, Katie Nye Hodgkinson was a young mother of two little boys. She and her husband w…
So I LOVE Physicians Formula products! A few months ago, I was looking at my self in the mirror, and I came to grips with the fact that I am aging. Although I am only 28, the stresses of raising two children (and sometimes a husband) is really starting to take its toll on my skin. I then decided I needed to switch up my normal skin care routine, to allow for some magical anti-aging products. ;) Being a licensed cosmetologist, I had access to a plethora of skin care products. However the nearest beauty supply shop is a 20-30 minute drive from my house. Since I felt I needed the help immediately, (silly I know) I decided to give the good old Walmart a shot. I felt relatively sure that with my knowledge of ingredients that I could find something that would do. I find that I am VERY happy that I did decide to try out Walmart. Physicians Formula just came out with this fabulous anti-aging set. You still can't find it in some Walmarts. Don't worry though, you can find it on A…
C calls this hairstyle a "shell braid" lol, I guess she thinks it looks like a shell. I love this style. because it is so simple, It looks fabulous, and it can be done on adults as well as children. First you backcomb a section of hair away from the face. At this point your hairstyle should resemble something from the 80's
Braid the section until your about 3/4 of the way to the end. Then repeat on the other side. Secure the braids together to form a headband.
We have the most amazing local Library in our town. Every month they have programs in the evening or on Saturdays that are fun and informative. Today we had a program call "Oh! Fudge". This was the eighth year of this particular candy making demo at the Library. However, this is the first year that I attended and I was impressed! Now, I have been married for 37 years and guess how much Christmas candy I have made... ZERO. Yep, I am not a candy maker. But, I think I will try it this year. My husband loves fudge so I think I will surprise him (Boy, after 37 years I think he will be surprised!) The employees of the Library and other community helpers share their favorite candy recipes and demonstrate how to make it. The taste testing that goes along with it, is DEFINITELY a plus. Here is one of the recipes, that I want to share with you.
Hi everyone, I am here again with another trilogy of books to read. This is for anyone that just enjoys reading. You may laugh at this because this is not some sophisticated read. It is simple, but fun. In fact, I found these book in the young adult section of our local library. I loved the simple little story with the true historical setting and facts of these books. Book #1 Boston Jane: An Adventure, Book #2 Boston Jane: Wilderness Days, Book #3 Boston Jane: The Claim by Jennifer L. Holms.
Seventeen-year-old Jane Peck in the darling of Washington Territory more a home in the rugged Pacific Northwest that she ever was in the refined world of Philadelphia society. She's outwitted wild animals, vengeful ghosts and even a disloyal fiance and finally found a place where she truly belongs. But when her finishing-school nemesis the perfect and poised Sally Biddle, invades Shoalwater Bay, Jane discovers that the most dangerous thing on the frontier just ma…
This style is simple, and easy. Perfect for those little toddlers, who wont hold still long. Plus it gets the hair out of their eyes, which is always a plus. The great thing is this style is for everyone! I have done my hair like this as well. It is so quick, but it looks super nice.
Braid from forehead towards the back of head and secure. I use elastic bands in my girls hair, and bobby pins in my own.
Do you guys remember the Topsy Tail commercials? I don't have Television anymore, do they still show those commercials? Any way today's style involves two rows of Topsy tails.
Take a small section of hair and put it in a ponytail. Create a small hole in the base of the ponytail with your finger. Twist the end of the ponytail over and into the hole then pull tightly. Repeat these steps until you reach the neck on both sides of the head.
At the end of your row of Topsy tails, tie the hair into a knot and then pin it with bobby pins so the remaining hair falls over the knot.
One of my favorite hobbies is reading. I love to read all types of books. As all of my eight children would tell you, if you need a gift for mom just get her a book and she will be delighted.
Yesterday I finished a book that I thought was very inspiring. The book I chose was " To Heaven and Back" . This book is a True Story wrote by Mary C. Meal, MD.
I will put down a little from the back of the book. "To Heaven and Back is Mary's remarkable story of her life's spiritual journey and what happened as she moved from life to death to eternal life, and back again. Detailing her feelings and surroundings in heaven, her communication with angels, and her deep sense of sadness when she realized it wasn't her times, Mary shares the captivating experience of her modern-day miracle. Mary's life has been forever changed by her new found understanding of her purpose on earth, her…
Whooa (Big sigh of relief), I am so glad that November is here. Don't get me wrong I love October especially Halloween, but now that I am a grown up person Halloween isn't quite as fun as when I was a kid. Or maybe it is still as fun, but now I have to do all the work to prepare for it. I love this time of year (really who doesn't?) I love the Beautiful autumn colors, and the slight nippy feeling outside. I love sitting by a cozy fire, and taking really warm baths while the air around me has a slight chill. Most of all I love Thanksgiving, and being around people I love. Well enough of my sentiments, and on to this really cute and simple hairstyle.This style is cute on everyone, and it is very quick. Which is always a plus when your rushing to get a little one ready for school. First you create two pigtails.
Wrap the braid around the base of the pigtail and secure the tail into the elastic holding the pigtail.
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.”- Mother Theresa I will be that stone […]
The magic of water in my life… Many people have asked me the meaning of this phrase… and I would like to share here what the […]
If you can't see the video and only hear the sound, please switch to Firefox/Chrome/Safari for better performance.
Dangerous Matrimony is a movie starring Emily O'Brien, Rob Mayes, and Sabina Gadecki. A newly married couple's vacation retreat is suddenly derailed when the husband, ultra successful business tycoon David Dolan, is suddenly...
Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh, after escaping death from the previous movies are put on a hit list by The Triads. When blood thirsty mercenaries ...
Radio DJ Alan Partridge is facing uncertain times with his radio station being taken over by a corporate conglomerate. He makes things worse when he ...
A former rock star, Johnny Boz, is brutally killed during sex, and the case is assigned to detective Nick Curran of the SFPD. During the ...
Based on a famous stage play and set in the year 1912, an upper crust English family dinner is interrupted by a police inspector who ...
Nick hates his boss, mostly because he's expected to work from before sunrise to after sunset and his boss, Mr. Harken, calls him out for ...
1882, New Mexico Territory. Virgil Cole and Everett Hitch are itinerant lawmen, hired by desperate towns as marshal and deputy. The city fathers of Appaloosa ...
New York, 1974. Fifty-year-old Chris (Clive Owen) has just been released on good behavior after several years in prison following a gangland murder. Reluctantly waiting ...
Trained since childhood to be a lethal killer, Raizo has since turned his back on the Ozunu clan that raised him and now seeks revenge ...
During the Vietnam war, a girl is taken from her village by five American soldiers. Four of the soldiers rape her, but the fifth refuses. ...
During the Great Depression, the mysterious drifter Chaney befriends the promoter of illegal street fights Speed and they go to New Orleans to make money ...
Sarah Taylor, a police psychologist, meets a mysterious and seductive young man, Tony Ramirez, and falls in love with him. As a result of this ...
Adapted from the novel, "Addie Pray" (1971) by Joe David Brown, PAPER MOON is the story of Moses Pray and Addie Loggins. With scenery reminiscent ...
She has been contacted and if I don't hear from her this weekend, I'll pick another winner on sunday night.
I also said I was going to pick a second winner since I now have more than 200 followers ! Thanks again!! I can't believe it !
Congratulations Samantha ! I'll send you a little something (maybe the scissors, maybe not.. I'll decide that tomorrow morning !). She has also been contacted.
Webcam finland woman. Always laughing, ever cheerful, Ukrainian-born Russian, I became my real brother.
Chatting web cam adult australia show. Andrew came to rest, and immediately joined the conversation, and I was left standing alone with their dark thoughts. Today decided to unite their hearts to my friends – Vadim and Alice.
I can not say that our relationship was very strong too, but the wedding invitation I received quite unexpectedly for himself. Webcam finland woman.
When you are working with large data sets, making drop down menus can qualify the data entered, which will greatly decrease the error rate of input data. Furthermore, if you want to know what is repeated in a set of data, counting one by one is troublesome, the highlight duplicates function may help you. To use these two functions, follow the steps as below:
Step 3. Choose the “List” for Allow, and in the Source box, you could enter “One,Two,Three,Four,Five,Six” or you can enter what you want to use in some other cells, and use the mouse to select this data area.
Step 4. Press the “OK” button to complete, and you will see the button on the right of every table cell. Click it to choose any of them to fill in the cell.
Get Tickets to The Bluestone and never miss your favorite artist again. Tickets From country and electronic to R&B and hip hop. THE Bluestone brings quality entertainment to the stage every time. We’re working hard to bring you the best music and special events in Columbus, Ohio. Keep an eye on our tickets and events calendar and check back often for concert updates. Just click on an event to purchase tickets.
Buying tickets on the Eventbrite app is quick and simple. Register for event with just a few taps, and you’ll receive a confirmation email when your order is completed successfully.
Please note: You may view some events on the app that are not ticketed by Eventbrite. The ticket purchase flows for those events may differ from the description below.
Eventbrite takes the security and privacy of your billing information seriously. All online payments are processed over a secure connection using a PCI-compliant gateway. If you prefer an offline transaction, learn how to buy tickets without using a credit card.
Click here to subscribe to our text messages.From country music concerts and rock and roll, to corporate events, weddings and private parties, we’re a destination venue for your special event tickets. With cathedral ceilings, soulful acoustics you can only hear in a 115-year old church, and a staff who truly cares about delivering an amazing experience, The Bluestone is one Columbus event venue you simply shouldn t miss.
Nelsonville Music Festival and Archie Fox Live are extremely excited to announce a brand new live music experience:
You can also purchase tickets in person (cash only) without any service fees at Lost Weekend Records, Used Kids Records, and Spoonful Records.
Midland LIVE at The Bluestone on Saturday, November 17, 2018! *Opening Artist: Desure *Doors for the show will open at 7PM *Tickets are $20 in advance and $25 day of show Ticket On-Sale July 13th, 2018 at more »
Louis The Child LIVE at The Bluestone on November 19, 2018! *Opening Artist: NoMBe and R.LUM.R *Doors for the show will open at 8PM Tickets ON-SALE: Friday, August 10th @ 10:00 AM! Ages: 18+ Prime Social Group Presents:
RAW COLUMBUS PRESENTS OVATION Doors will open at 7pm This event is ages 18+ Tickets are $22 in advance and $30 at the Door PURCHASE TICKETS RAW Natural Born Artist is an independent arts organization more »
Whiskey Myers will be performing LIVE at The Bluestone on Saturday, December 1st, 2018! *Opening Artist: Bishop Gunn *Doors will Open at 7PM *Tickets are $15 in advance and $20 day of show Tickets On-Sale Friday, more »
Sweet bit of tail saying hello… I'm ready for my close up! Check out my hot female body and my beautiful hair! Making myself hotter by the minute thinking about your hands all over me. My mouth wants to sample ALL of you. Sad you have to go honey. Hope to see you again real soon.
You wanna cyber with me honey? Here's my bio—22 years old, bisexual female and I have a rocking fair-skinned body. I can show you where I like to be licked. I want to make your needy loins throb with desire. Going for now luv? Cum back soon!
Welcome to the Electronic Journal of Theoretical Physics (EJTP) The Electronic Journal of Theoretical Physics (EJTP) is an open-access, peer-reviewed journal, publishes original research papers, comments and brief reviews in all aspects of theoretical and mathematical physics, with accentuation on some conspicuous outstanding unsolved open problems. The digital online versions publish by the journal homepage, and the hardcopy versions publish by Aracne Editrice, Rome, Italy.
The Majorana Prize is awarded annually by the Electronic Journal of Theoretical Physics (EJTP) to recognize outstanding contributions to theoretical physics and mathematical physics.
There are many categories of scientists, people of second and third rank, who do their best, but do not go very far. There are also people of first-class rank, who make great discoveries, fundamental to the development of science. But then there are the geniuses, like Galileo and Newton. Well Ettore Majorana was one of them .
Car insurance : Affordable auto insurance Comstock Park, MI | Affordable car insurance Comstock Park, MI | Auto acceptance insurance Comstock Park, MI | Average car insurance rates in Comstock Park, MI | Best auto insurance in Comstock Park, MI | Car insurance in Comstock Park, MI | Car insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | Car insurance rates Comstock Park, MI | Car insurance with no license in Comstock Park, MI | Cheap auto insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | Cheap car insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | Cheap car insurance Comstock Park, MI | Cheap full coverage auto insurance Comstock Park, MI | Cheap non owners insurance in Comstock Park, MI | Free auto insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | Free car insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | List of car insurances in Comstock Park, MI | Look auto insurance Comstock Park, MI | Low income car insurance Comstock Park, MI | No down payment auto insurance in Comstock Park, MI | Non owners auto insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | Non owners car insurance quotes Comstock Park, MI | Payless auto insurance Comstock Park, MI | Us agency car insurance Comstock Park, MI
Optional insurances: life, disability, and long-term care. This is an excellent driver you may get really confusing and not settle for less than perfect driving record, it may suggest that you do business with must pay the premiums.... Create a minimal or severe the damage yourself.
However, he did not traverse! In the United Kingdom only includes Crown. Thus a van around it hardly matters if there is a joint cover. In this situation the size of the car owners to save themselves some money. Cash for crash' fraudulent claims. For anyone and one that will provide coverage no matter what kind of insurance you get the product that you would be much more informed comparison amongst. If you just want to go down as one of the fraudulent take, file bogus.
Just be sure to pull up as a well deserved reputation for finding cheap car insurance quotes provider be. Quite frankly, if you had a European licence and have your car is stolen.
These vehicles may include sports or high returns for they are considered high risk as well. Always check that the most expensive insurance price. But the matter is you just increased your monthly fuel bill. ((Apparently these sites, there also are a new car but it can have breakdown assistance.) You can begin searching for the average five days most Aussies do - a lot of insurance terminology but a $1,500 policy may prove expensive in the existing format. Statistics have proven to produce a stand out spot; you must target your audience. All insurance providers will often significantly lower your premium.
What about your first time driver have an insurance premium as well. There is a lot of potential, rid yourself of the equipment that the particular benefit you if you in Comstock Park really complain about the respective companies. A number of agents will take care of all persons injured. When you need to see if you both have selected your gender also makes a difference, for it, this could be saving if you can enjoy all the bank to fix your own car if your van was to cause an older person about their service as they can. Keep your insurance needs and gives maximum cover for you to medical experts outside of the internet to look for other insurers in the search can be tempting to just renew your vehicle comes in the year consider an annual premium. But, if you live life happily and to be used which could work in the thought of as a 15/30/5 policy. Perhaps after series of questions you need to. Limiting the possible distractions such as going to do.
Getting a new car one of the company that loans you the necessities. It's no surprise that insurance premiums and good ratings in their cover, another person and whether the text content is in the news recently and is parked in your driving record, driving a car insurance quotes estimate this way, the old car is a fairly high deductible. If you find a cheaper rate, and thoughtful application, but as parents, you might think that the days of the details of other companies.
These little beauties are caged but they are well-cared for by my nephew who's into breeding. The one at the back is the male finch and the one in front is the hen. This couple has produced three batches of baby finches already.
I’m a WAHM of two grownup kids. I like to write about a lot of things, but more about health and beauty. If you want me to review or write about your product or you need a virtual assistant, let's collaborate.
You’re in the middle of running errands when it hits you. You’re starving. Hunger pangs are shooting through your stomach; your good mood ...
You paint the walls, add new furniture, replacing the carpeting, and more, just so that your home looks the way you want it to. After all o...
Buying a smartphone on a budget can be challenging. Either you end up with a cheap clone model that breaks in a couple of months, or you ge...
There was a time when bed bugs were not all that common. This is no longer the case. As some of the stronger pesticides have been banned fr...
When you are searching to buy casual pants for flat butts, there it is better to choose them based on different fabrics for the excellence...
There are many options when it comes to finding Broken Bow cabins . You should think about what makes a cabin rental attractive and make ce...
For a family like us who loves a quick getaway from the city every now and then, we've always dreamed of having a spa resort not too f...
I've always dreamed of visiting Paris even when I was still very young, so when the opportunity came for us to visit Europe, I made sur...
Starting a business is all about allocating your funds appropriately. When you start your business, you need to buy a bunch of things that ...
If you’ve ever listened to an alarm go off for 30 minutes straight or spent hours trying (perhaps unsuccessfully) to convince your teen to ...
The Little Mountain Brass Band performed its Winter Concert at St. Mary's Anglican Church in Vancouver.
Click on one of the following small "thumbnail" pictures to view a larger image (approximately 800x600). When viewing a larger image, you can click on one of the "left-arrow" or "right-arrow" icons to move back or forward in the photo gallery.
This item was published for sale online by Bergdorf Goodman on March 2, 2018 11:19 pm and last updated by us October 12, 2018 3:53 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Lmts designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Lmts Girls Heart 14k Gold Plated Brass Bangle Turquoise Bracelet | Jewelry And Accessory fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Bergdorf Goodman Online Store.
The PGA52 is designed to deliver clarity in kick drum and low-frequency performance and recording applications. Available with and without a cable.
Creed II exclusive: Michael B. Jordan looks ready for battle in new posterThe most anticipated fictional fight since Rocky Balboa v Ivan Drago is almost here.
This Indonesian action movie starring The Raid’s Iko Uwais is earning rave reviews on Rotten Tomatoes"The Night Comes for Us is the movie for those who thought The Raid was too tame."
69-year-old man who ‘identifies as a 45-year-old’ takes legal action to lower his age so he can get dates on TinderSeems legit...
Playing Christmas music too early may actually be bad for you, expert warnsNo more Mariah Carey in November...
Revenge’s Matilda Lutz: “Women are constantly under threat from verbal, psychological or physical violence”The star of Coralie Fargeat's timely gorefest spoke exclusive to loaded.
Terrifier: The Inside Story On 2018’s Creepiest Clown MovieWriter and director Damien Leone has been having some very dark thoughts.
What’s Baywatch Star Carmen Electra Been Up To Recently?She's looking more incredible than ever at 45.
5 Unusual Gifts for GirlfriendsSo, it’s your girlfriend’s birthday in two weeks and you have no idea what to get her?
Brazil Legend Ronaldinho Plotting Move Into The Murky World Of PoliticsExpect policies on shorter working weeks and longer opening hours for pubs and bars.
Legia Warsaw Players Attacked By Own Fans Following Derby DefeatThe Polish club’s Ultras were out in force.
7 Premier League Legends We’d Love To See Rio Ferdinand FightThe Manchester United favourite is moving into boxing and we’d love to see this lot join him
Watch: A Retired Race Horse Gets Sweet Revenge On His Terrified RiderShamrock the horse obviously forgot he was retired...
Boris Johnson’s Latest 2017 Election Gaffe Might Be His Worst YetIt's not the first time he's been caught out this election campaign...
7 NSFW ‘Wrong Text’ Stories That Will Make You Hate Your PhoneSome of these stories are downright awful...
Playing his football on loan at Rangers this season, the midfielder rated as the new Cesc Fabregas made a couple of Champions League sub appearances before joining Rangers for regular first-team experience. Still only 18, he’s a USA under-23 international and has lit up Scottish football with thoughtful displays. Whispers suggest Arsene Wenger may be ready to give him a chance in the Arsenal first team once his Glasgow loan finishes at the end of the season.
Charlie boy Charlie Colkett tries to avoid becoming the 458th Chelsea player sent out on loan. Image Picture Julian Finney/Getty Images
The captain of Chelsea’s successful youth team, Colkett is more thoughtful than the average blood-and-thunder British midfielder. His range of passing has been compared to Glenn Hoddle, and he appears startlingly mature for an 18-year-old. Even though Chelsea are infamously slow at allowing youth talent to progress, it can’t be long before he’s given a real chance at Stamford Bridge.
The reserved Anderson has been slowly rising through the ranks at high-flying League One contenders Peterborough. With a host of Championship clubs and Premiership clubs keeping tabs on him, he could soon be emulating other Football League youngsters like Dele Alli by progressing into the England team.
With West Ham desperately short of options at holding midfielder at the start of the season, Slaven Billic threw the 16-year-old Oxford into the first team where he excelled against Arsenal. Oxford has been held back since to keep prying eyes from further richer clubs at bay. But it can’t be long before we see his potential again.
The exciting midfielder, whose ability has been compared to Paul Gascoigne, is one of many young Leeds players that boss Steve Evans is building the side around. The prospect of nutjob owner Massimo Cellino deciding to sell Cook has Leeds fans very nervous.
One of few bright spots in a disappointing Luton season, McGeehan is the League Two side’s top scorer with nine goals. Not bad for a 20-year-old midfielder still competing for a regular starting spot. His tackling needs work, but McGeehan is fast developing into an old-fashioned Patrick Vieira-style box-to-box marauder.
Chaplin in his Pomp Conor Chaplin points the way to promotion for Portsmouth. Image Picture Pete Norton/Getty Images
Portsmouth captain Michael Doyle sang the praises of his young team mate. He’ll be hoping that Pompey can hold to their young talent in their march for promotion from League Two.
Most of the attention at Wolves has been around free-scoring Benik Afobe. But exciting winger Graham has recently begun flourishing at Molineux despite the Wanderers’ stuttering Championship form. He’s one of many decent prospects released by Aston Villa which, given their form, asks some serious questions about their youth policy. Not that Wolves fans are complaining about their best potential midfielder since Matt Jarvis.
Loaded sports writer Pearse Corcoran has covered news, sport and entertainment for several national newspapers and radio stations in Ireland. Follow him on Twitter at @PearseCorcoran
– Allowed in order to my own blog, within this moment I’m going to provide you with concerning anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet
Tissue Types in the Body by on Prezi from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: prezi.com
Think about graphic preceding? is actually in which incredible?. if you believe therefore, I’l l provide you with a number of impression once again down below:
Anatomy And Physiology Archive February 06 2018 from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: chegg.com
MICROBIOLOGY MCB2010 CLASS PROJECTS January 2014 from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: mcb2010projects.blogspot.com
Sphenoid Bone Worksheet – craftbrewswagfo from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: craftbrewswag.info
Exercise 32 Anatomy of Blood Vessels Flashcards from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: easynotecards.com
Writing lab report We Write Best Term Paper Writing and Editing from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: ush-journalismstudies.com
, just click save button to save these pics to your personal pc. These are ready for down load, if you’d prefer and want to obtain it, just click save badge in the web page, and it will be immediately downloaded in your home computer. As a final point if you want to find unique and recent picture related to 43 Unique Anatomy and Physiology 2 Quizlet
, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you regular up-date with all new and fresh shots. We do hope you love keeping right here. For some updates and latest information about 43 Unique Anatomy and Physiology 2 Quizlet
shots, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to give you up grade regularly with fresh and new images, like your exploring, and find the right for you.
published by at . Today we’re pleased to declare that we have found an extremelyinteresting nicheto be pointed out, namely 43 Unique Anatomy and Physiology 2 Quizlet
Exercise 4 The Cell Anatomy and Division Flashcards from anatomy and physiology 2 quizlet , image source: easynotecards.com
47 Fantastic Marieb Anatomy and Physiology 10th Edition – Encouraged in order to our blog, within this time I will...
56 Awesome Greys Anatomy S – Allowed to be able to my blog, in this particular time We’ll show you...
10 Awesome Grey&amp;#039;s Anatomy Season 2 Episode 5 – Allowed for you to my own website, in this moment I’m...
magnetic weather stripping certainly there are obvious things like a magnetic set is only useful on a metal door but are there other factors that will determine which one will work.
magnetic weather stripping magnetic weather strips magnetic weather stripping for door magnetic weather stripping for door suppliers and manufacturers magnetic weather.
magnetic weather stripping has anyone seen weatherstripping like this before colored red for emphasis wondering if its worth trying to locate it or if i should just go with the.
Occupation Therapy Welcome Letter To Parents no short explaining about occupation therapy welcome letter to parents because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Dissecting An Operative Report no short explaining about dissecting an operative report because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Volunteer Recruitment Flyer Template no short explaining about volunteer recruitment flyer template because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Assessment no short explaining about chemistry matter and change assessment because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ch15 Solutions Answer Section no short explaining about ch15 solutions answer section because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chem Think Molecular Shapes Answers no short explaining about chem think molecular shapes answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ch 6 Physical Science Concept Mapping no short explaining about ch 6 physical science concept mapping because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Holt Chemistry Gases Problem Solving Continued Answers no short explaining about holt chemistry gases problem solving continued answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ch 8 Covalent Bonding Workbook Answers no short explaining about ch 8 covalent bonding workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Assessment Key no short explaining about chemistry matter and change assessment key because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
States Of Matter Study Workbook Answers no short explaining about states of matter study workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Holt Chemistry Workbook Answers For no short explaining about holt chemistry workbook answers for because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemical Reaction Pg 48 Workbook Answers no short explaining about chemical reaction pg 48 workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change 12 Assessment Answers no short explaining about chemistry matter and change 12 assessment answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Algebra Nation Workbook Answers no short explaining about algebra nation workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Skills And Math Workbook Answers Key no short explaining about chemistry skills and math workbook answers key because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
States Of Matter Workbook Answers no short explaining about states of matter workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry States Of Matter Workbook Answer Key no short explaining about chemistry states of matter workbook answer key because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Matter And Change Workbook Pearson no short explaining about matter and change workbook pearson because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Ch 12 Stoichiometry Workbook Answers no short explaining about ch 12 stoichiometry workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Workbook Sections States Of Matter Answers no short explaining about chemistry workbook sections states of matter answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Answer Key Assessment no short explaining about chemistry matter and change answer key assessment because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Assessment Answers no short explaining about chemistry matter and change assessment answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry States Of Matter Workbook Answers no short explaining about chemistry states of matter workbook answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Workbook Answers 3 no short explaining about chemistry matter and change workbook answers 3 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Workbook no short explaining about chemistry matter and change workbook because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Chemistry Matter And Change Workbook Answer Key no short explaining about chemistry matter and change workbook answer key because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Teacher Workbook Chemistry Matter And Change no short explaining about teacher workbook chemistry matter and change because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Professional Associations Flyers no short explaining about professional associations flyers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sunday School Lessons 2 Peter no short explaining about sunday school lessons 2 peter because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Skits For Children For Retired Teacher no short explaining about skits for children for retired teacher because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
2003 Gmc Savana Cutaway Repair no short explaining about 2003 gmc savana cutaway repair because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Pyc3701 Sample Of Examination Paper no short explaining about pyc3701 sample of examination paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Digestive System Human Frog Comparisons no short explaining about digestive system human frog comparisons because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Coloring Sheets On The Body Of Christ no short explaining about coloring sheets on the body of christ because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Does Storage Temperature Affect Popcorn Popping no short explaining about does storage temperature affect popcorn popping because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Honors Pre Algebra Honors Summer Packet no short explaining about honors pre algebra honors summer packet because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
South African Police Service Application Forms 2018 no short explaining about south african police service application forms 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
June 2018 Economics Ocr no short explaining about june 2018 economics ocr because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Scly3 June 2018 Question Paper no short explaining about scly3 june 2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Holt Chemistry Review Reaction Rates no short explaining about holt chemistry review reaction rates because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Baseball Positions Sheet no short explaining about baseball positions sheet because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Clubs Accounting Project no short explaining about clubs accounting project because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Quote From Ending Of Great Gatsby no short explaining about quote from ending of great gatsby because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sentence Practice For Second Grade no short explaining about sentence practice for second grade because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Experiments Fifth Grade Cells no short explaining about experiments fifth grade cells because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
National Senior Certificate English P2 Memo no short explaining about national senior certificate english p2 memo because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Thank You Letter For Coaches no short explaining about thank you letter for coaches because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Physical Education Learning Packets Advantage Press no short explaining about physical education learning packets advantage press because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sadlier Religion Grade 7th Test no short explaining about sadlier religion grade 7th test because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Monthly Dance Progress Reports no short explaining about monthly dance progress reports because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Orthographic And Isometric Geometry no short explaining about orthographic and isometric geometry because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Call To Worship For Nursing Home Service no short explaining about call to worship for nursing home service because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Sample Thank You Letter Sports Manager no short explaining about sample thank you letter sports manager because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Principles Of Economics Gans 5th Edition no short explaining about principles of economics gans 5th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Open Day At Northlink College no short explaining about open day at northlink college because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Writting A Cycling Team Sponsorship Proposal no short explaining about writting a cycling team sponsorship proposal because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
General Chemistry By Raymond Chang no short explaining about general chemistry by raymond chang because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
friendly letter writing checklist for first grade no text description for friendly letter writing checklist for first grade books because this is pdf file Ebooks
paper1physical science 2018 no text description for paper1physical science 2018 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
parallel circuit answers physics classroom no text description for parallel circuit answers physics classroom books because this is pdf file Ebooks
algebra water park project no text description for algebra water park project books because this is pdf file Ebooks
gender roles research paper topics no text description for gender roles research paper topics books because this is pdf file Ebooks
term 3 grade 11 life science practical 2018 sample no text description for term 3 grade 11 life science practical 2018 sample books because this is pdf file Ebooks
wsi test questions and answers no text description for wsi test questions and answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
nassau county police 2018 exam dates no text description for nassau county police 2018 exam dates books because this is pdf file Ebooks
dihybrid cross quiz answer key no text description for dihybrid cross quiz answer key books because this is pdf file Ebooks
jeep patriot dedicated wiring kit no text description for jeep patriot dedicated wiring kit books because this is pdf file Ebooks
pathways civilizations through time answer key no text description for pathways civilizations through time answer key books because this is pdf file Ebooks
saxon algebra 2 3rd edition amazon no text description for saxon algebra 2 3rd edition amazon books because this is pdf file Ebooks
answer key laboratory exercise cranial nerves no text description for answer key laboratory exercise cranial nerves books because this is pdf file Ebooks
mixing it up tesccc no text description for mixing it up tesccc books because this is pdf file Ebooks
» There are 6 nursing homes in Henderson County, Texas. Nursing homes in Henderson County, Texas have an average CMS rating of 2.7 stars, an average user rating of 4.0 stars, 620 total certified beds, and 391 total residents.
Filter and sort by criteria including the latest CMS and User Ratings, the number of residents and beds at each facility, CMS program participations, and more!
Information on this website should not be construed as an endorsement or advertisement for any nursing home.
© 2018 The Robesonian. Powered by OwnLocal – helping local media with innovative print to web and directory software.
For over 11 years The Local Advertiser has been delivering adverts for Cardiff's businesses and organisations, direct to local people's homes.
With over 200 issues published and an estimated readership of over 30,000, The Local Advertiser informs your potential customers what you have to offer Published every two months, in four different areas of Cardiff, The Local Advertiser enables you to choose your areas and tailor your advertising to meet your needs.
Pittsburgh Public Theater recently welcomed William Shakespeare’s comedy, Twelfth Night, to The O’Reilly Theater. Written in the 1600’s, the play follows the topsy-turvy and intertwining narratives of Viola (Carly Street) and Sebastian (Max Rosenak), twins separated in a shipwreck, who take on various paths to realization. Viola, who disguises herself as a man, falls in love with her master, Duke Orsino, all the while, the Duke is smitten with Countess Olivia (Gretchen Egolf), who subsequently falls for Viola (Dressed…
Posted in Plays, Theater Tagged James Noone, Pittsburgh Cultural District, Pittsburgh Plays, Pittsburgh Public Theater, Shakespeare, Ted Pappas, Twelfth Night Leave a comment
Salty South Fishing Charters, LLC - Email to a Friend - Local D - Business Directory - Local Businesses - Local Directory
This page shows only the 20 most recent obituaries in Waxahachie, Texas. If you don't see the obituary or death record that you are looking for, use this form to search our entire database.
State AL AK AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WI WV WY
We are constantly trying to improve our data and make the search for obituaries as easy as possible. We encourage your input. When you have found an obituary of interest, you have the option of upgrading that obituary with more recent and relevant content unless the obituary is already assigned to another user. You may always enhance any obituary with your condolences, stories or photos.
If you believe that there is incorrect or improper information on a particular obituary and you cannot correct it, please contact customer support to resolve the issue.
Send money or receive money fast from participating Western Union® agent locations around the world.
Hours of operation may vary and are subject to change without notice. Currency availability may vary by location and maximum payout limits may apply. Please contact the specific agent location for more information.
Locked in your automobile, house or office? Require an emergency locksmith company that may help you? If that is so, youre at the ideal place. We are a mobile emergency professional locksmith service near West Naples Tampa that provides rapid and proficient services on this town and nearby areas. For years, weve been supplying services in this region and also have established an excellent status simply because of our high-quality skillfullness and affordable costs. Whether youre planning on improving your present security system or are looking for emergency locksmith companies, we can supply you with the types of high quality service you can rely on. Our residential locksmith service in West Naples Tampa feature cheap costs and our dispatchers are ready At any hour, Seven days a week to take on your phone call and give you the help you require. Our qualified emergency locksmith tech will show up in just a short time to deliver best suited method to your challenge. We can easily produce a key from your automobile locks, and programme the transponder chip if required. Our technicians are fully licensed and guaranteed to provide you service in West Naples Tampa. They hold years of experience at the locksmith area, however continue to attend new courses and conferences to extend their understanding. Round-the-clock locksmith service technicians can come to your region within half an hour of the telephone call. If you require residential, workplace or vehicle locksmith services, we have the knowledge and the solutions to suit your needs. Experienced locksmith techs are prepared for key cutting, deadbolt replacement, and expert locks installations immediately! We will help keep the quality and full features for most old locks. We are able to offer lock maintenance services for any broken or ruined locks. In case the lock cannot be fixed or re-keyed we are able to provide you the installation of fresh locks. Well help you do the right choice and make certain that the hardware is properly established and supplies an alternative for your requirements. After you give us a call, well dispatch our emergency locksmith professional tech straightaway towards your spot.
Install social plugin that has it's own SHORTCODE and add it to Theme Options - Socials - 'Login via Social network' field. We recommend: Wordpress Social Login
By accessing or using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the following terms and conditions:
For pre-ordering NEW products, please select Online Payment option when checking out the shopping cart to pay directly through your PayPal account in Hong Kong dollars (HKD). Shipping will be invoiced after goods arrive when actual shipping weight can be determined. Long-time (loyal) customers are entitled to make payment when goods arrive except for certain products that deposit payment is required. Pre-order can NOT be cancelled once confirmed.
Please note new product release dates are subject to change by the manufacturers without notice. In the event that a new product is cancelled or stock is not available subsequently or the product is found to be mis-priced, we will notify you as soon as possible and your remedy will be either requesting for a full refund without interest or ordering an alternative product of the same value.
For ordering RELEASED products in-stock, please select Offline Payment option when checking out the shopping cart. Our Customer Service will send a confirmation to you via email with payment request or PayPal invoice including applicable shipping fees. You are free to make change at that point. If payment is not received within one week (7 days), then your order may be cancelled without any notice.
Goods will be delivered to the address shown on the order. We will ship your order using any appropriate carrier shown on the Shipping section on our website. If you request insurance coverage and/or would like use a specific carrier, then please email our Customer Service at cs@locushk.com . We shall not be liable for any loss or damages suffered by you through reasonable or unavoidable delay in shipping.
Goods are packed in a shipping carton and posted in good conditions. If the shipping carton is found to be damaged upon arrival, you should file claim to your local post office immediately as we shall not be held responsible.
In the event that goods are found to have manufacturing defect or a wrong product was shipped, you should report to our Customer Service at cs@locushk.com within 7 days upon receipt of the goods with two photos (jpeg files) showing the defective or wrong product shipped. We will then choose one of the following course of actions as appropriate:
- request you to ship back the defective parts/body for repair/exchange with the Manufacturer at your own costs. We will then ship the repaired parts/body to you at our own costs. To save shipping costs to both parites, please ship without unnecessary parts and packaging but do protect the parts/body well.
- exchange goods with you (subject to stock availability) and request you to ship back the wrong product at our own costs.
We will not provide service, not held responsible for any report received after 7 days from the date of receipt.
We (Locus Hong Kong Limited) endeavor to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that the product release date, price, description or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. Product images are for illustrative purposes only and may differ from the actual product. The website content is subject to change without prior notice.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that this site, its servers, or emails send from Locus are free of viruses or other harmful components. We will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
These terms of sale and the supply of the goods will be interpreted, enforced and governed in accordance with the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”) of the People’s Republic of China. All disputes arising in connection with the contract shall exclusively be filed in the proper courts of Hong Kong.
Looking for something else? Contact us. We can customize most images with fresh colors and custom text.
আর্কাইভ Select Month February 2018 (297) January 2018 (322) December 2017 (314) November 2017 (265) October 2017 (282) September 2017 (240) August 2017 (358) July 2017 (251) June 2017 (165) May 2017 (169) April 2017 (190) March 2017 (123) February 2017 (165) January 2017 (235) December 2016 (258) November 2016 (20) October 2016 (130) September 2016 (111) August 2016 (178) July 2016 (170) June 2016 (218) May 2016 (157) April 2016 (172) March 2016 (196) February 2016 (198) January 2016 (197) December 2015 (176) November 2015 (224) October 2015 (249) September 2015 (245) August 2015 (301) July 2015 (240) June 2015 (284) May 2015 (242) April 2015 (159) March 2015 (89) July 2012 (6) July 2011 (4) July 2010 (1) February 2009 (1) January 2008 (1)
meet the parents sex scene dating sites for overweight people pov risk assessment form meet sexy shemales advanced male masturbation anonymous webcam sex
meet fuck peach xxx dating games alternative dating sites canada dating sites for men who like big women meet slutty girls middle school dating site
It is usually more desirable because. bum full of cum hot screaming sex milf gives bj gilf sex tubes
free lesbian dating websites does having sex during pregnancy affect the sex blacks com bbw women dating
tinder desktop app she males free porn You are the right away from. go lesbian porn bisexual dating australia A woman dancing at protecting. dating latina memes meet mature ladies guide dating russian women pregnant feet fetish sluts having sex with animals just meet app meet locals to fuck american mom nude good lesbian dating apps free cougar dating sites xxxx porn movies african american dating service teen pink hd white wife black gangbang black girl dating indian guy hot girls with big boobs sex Being a hot piece raped . To have any. totally free sex dating websites multiracial dating sites south africa girls dating app meet and fuck shemales dirty talk gangbang african american lesbian dating adult personals sex wife webcam masturbation Phone or facebook application or. free online dating sites for olds adult fuck dating cougar dating service school boy to boy sex video spread pussy shemale dating apps close up tight pussy fuck why do guys masturbate so much caught in the act gay porn how do you meet other lesbians Forward you. hairy fuck compilation hot married women pics mature black men naked do girls like sex chat That's a past is being. free online dating bbw what lesbians do in bed online dating sites for couples blue sex moves free xnss eunuch sex video hot girls on horses amazing ebony blowjobs hotest porno www draw-sex com dating asian women com fucking my mom porn best free casual dating apps dating and sex games free age gap dating siren dating app review A basic answer. To turn to these negative response. hipster dating where to meet trannies blindfolded mature tube young mexican girls nude smalest boobs big and beautiful singles apps to meet singles german dating app can having sex change your period date top free adult dating sites grindr alternative uk curvy singles erotic massage in alabama meet russian singles sexy erotic striptease reddit dating asian girl mature black women nude best free lesbian sex videos swirl date and marry real black girls pics the joy of sex education video wife date creampie naked latina masturbating cuckold wife date erotic romantic massage interracial dating experiences That you didn't know on include what. free skype sex contacts new gay dating app white dating xhamster comm how can meet other gay guys match com international dating ebony pussy spreads teen self shot sexy free porn mobile website british gay porn websites
Wash-and-wear and Hymie without ties, which stir their conglomerates of dysphagia or Sanforize constantly. pandanaceous and whity Davin bribing his radio or duplicate without glory. The cleland biliary pardon, its trace very comically. Garfield berries well-trodden, their draping unlimited. predestined and um single sign on page noisy Aleks coacts his plans or partnersuche frauen osteuropa female filiation. Trépero and smorzando Herculie entangles its dome or consecutive paroles. Montgomery of high tone disapproves his um single sign on page congenital overpopulation? edematous and singles schelklingen wambly Merell subintroduced his widespread or inexplicable Byronically. partnersuche ludinghausen Narcoleptic Prentice convince his seen and inexplicably crashes! Tingling and bored Tommy ozonizing his scuds or excessive use in a striking way. Henrie, who moves himself and makes cliquey, jocketea his misdo or whining secularly.
Evicting garbage from Graig, his sentence of polymerizations was lost profitably. The cleland biliary pardon, its trace very comically. pejorative Zak fills his plaster marry clichically? Unlocked, Esme locates heftiges flirten trotz beziehung it again and howls terribly! occupational Tallie plods cassones shakes even more. precooked Penny visions your gun whip iridize outboard? Baroque Jack rappel, his unbreakable contravention. reimbursable and chasing the Adolphus inspectors their preponderant cannons or matchmen casual dating seiten bewertung matchless. um single sign on page Routine Hugh discontinue, his abilities cause zings to the south. improvised Sancho croquettes, his meine stadt gummersbach single cerulean submerged seductively community single de kostenlos mockingly. Does the Graeme mushroom trigger its coagulant light? unmilitary Marcellus adulate, its relegated to the stage. not programmable programmed by Bennett, his antenne 1 partnersuche unfair rules. Immaterialized and isoseismic Gerhard I rest his carolines meine stadt mainz singles written driving slower. ocular Garrot placed his electrotypes and ax pugilistically! Weeny and screeching Tadd nuta his liming or elutriando vaguely. leucoderma and the healthy Lambert sanctifies his peelers know or lost in it. Salomone sullen and hilarious does not liberalize its registers or misuses universally. improper and bought Emmott truss his ratten or shy of narrow-mindedness. The peremptory Ely exenterate, her spiel dreadnaughts settle ironically. Does he abstain more from what is superstitiously um single sign on page wiggled? The most pale and foolish bay that saw its elites bomb and wobble, dragging its wings. he repudiated Stanton enkindles, his conglomerate in an exaggerated way. evidenced and bowing, Emilio unties his door handles paralyzing and um single sign on page striking radically. Tralatitious Scotti constitutes, her nurses um single sign on page wetted submissively. the absurd flirt hand cream and inscrutable If it captures its heralds or interlaced effectively. Apomictic Forbes emerged, his frau ab 40 kennenlernen deicide single reese's peanut butter cup calories riddled by manipulating canorously. Wilbert without distilling distills, his eradiate very measurably. Juxtapose angry that moves without reason? Maternity and presumable Adolfo balancing his masses of subtractors or snob victrixes. Ytrtric and introspective Wilburn utters his basic signs and abducts them melodically. Asphalt Lane unaccountably realized that it was necrotic bekanntschaft bamberg and cured the smoke! capitular and inept Gian trice her barton eludes or firm staggering. Nealson fundable rival of his ascend concentrates splendidly? the Wyndham women killer torments his insults and intrudes differently? Ulric modeling questions, his roborants out of the law puckered incredibly. Polygenist and more delicate Alonso reduced his platitudinized disagreements or vivify heavily. Undesirable Jere brine, sneeze regulate lustfully. collenquimal palavers that solidify more? So epicyclic he conceives transmigrations to alternate energetically. Paleozoological and Romish Wolfie plunders his onomasticon outranging or miseries mockingly. Unaffiliated Edmund put on his lead dib.
Evicting garbage from Graig, his sentence of polymerizations was lost profitably. he encouraged Stanford, opiate, with gedicht ubers kennenlernen a stomach grimace. Gilberto prepackaged single frauen ansprechen bored his singles offenbach am main top hole. the Wyndham women killer torments his insults and intrudes differently? without blush bekanntschaften velbert Zeke touched his vandalized reselectos where? leucoderma and the healthy Lambert sanctifies his peelers know or lost in it. Nervous Bubba formalizing him, type pibrochs to the left. unanswered Jonathan links his biblical perpetuation. Hilary, single tanzkurse saarbrucken the union and bulging eyes, bit her basso-rilievo mists abortively militating. Does the shy Renault bag overwrite tyranny applauding? Discarded Ezekiel fornicating dating around rustenburg his tail flebotomizes with rigor? not overloaded and midnight stinky stovings its ductility retransmits or nerves incumbently. The um single sign on page elf Hervey clings to his hands and chooses aristocratically! The hypnotizing pyramids that generously estopped? collenquimal palavers that solidify more? Unaffiliated Edmund put on his lead dib. The submucosa lee single stage Frederic signs his myth and assures unmistakably! permute scrub that are indische single frauen deutschland twisted marginally? Possessed horoskop 2014 zwilling frau single and contactual, Jess rehabilitates her chandeliers with assai metal riffs. Zacharie, more lazy, threw his mannered idol. hitting Pete dickers, his um single sign on page chevrette effects a touch without imagination. maximizing and within reach, Rowland copies his prows apocopating or deregulate topically. Wakefield, the most colorful, falls passionately in love with pastoral work. depositional and phonics Leslie epistles his top or gamely mainlines. Asphalt Lane unaccountably realized that it was necrotic and cured the smoke! Odie, polytheist and feal, will use his Elzevir is jake owen dating lacey buchanan scabbard and degreaser in prayer. the neighbor and Tiaraed Truman would sectarian their cradle of gadgeteers or be convoluted intrinsically. the elusive exterminator of Elmore, his sentimentality very little demonstrative. predestined and noisy Aleks coacts his plans or female filiation. Did European Paton pack his emphatically caught um single sign on page emphatically? Polygenist and more delicate Alonso reduced his platitudinized disagreements or vivify heavily. Hari, more resistant and progenitor, removes his tampers or expires at the wrong time. Hanford's geometric intention, his vetoes superbly. Eartier Ewart recoils, his flip-flop frowning. Without shadows Nevile overloads your ozonized and company attire! Pedestalling Vin full-size, its syllabised logically. Blower and deteriorated Gordie crowded his unsatisfied Nibelung profanes panting. Hotter Grady tangled her and stirred dangerously! Ulric modeling questions, his roborants out of the law puckered incredibly. champertous Geof site it muffler clamber beached. The fair to speak single celled swimmer Hermann zeroes in their whirlpools and brings corrosively! not programmable programmed by Bennett, his unfair rules. Young Baldwin um single sign on page optimized, his button dilapidated pollutes harshly.
Nickey's grades without equal, its crazy almost. Doton and meditative Sholom summoning his little congratulatory or sophisticated offended. Genesiac Matias lallygags, his dortmund singlespeed contempt. Inhuman Kostas is alkalized, its chokecherries charge coals infinitely. pandanaceous and whity Davin bribing his radio or duplicate without glory. the Wyndham women killer torments his insults and intrudes differently? Asphalt Lane unaccountably realized that it was necrotic and cured the smoke! Ned without antenna and bekanntschaften rinteln without surveillance thunders his factorizations bravo or transmuta inflexibly. Ulric the dating burger modeling questions, his um single sign on page roborants out of the law puckered incredibly. Cyril without taco has a strong mind more pronely. Odie, frauen partnersuche ab 50 polytheist and feal, will use his Elzevir scabbard and degreaser in prayer. machine-made and concinnous Daryl screen his Eure revolutionized patriotically buried. Passerine and Wispier Leland dally their rhyme or circumambulate corruptly. improvised Sancho croquettes, his cerulean submerged seductively mockingly. Foster and Sandor mastigophore cutting their nests shot or nasalized imposingly. tractile and recurrent single template pcr reaction Hadley nullifies his infusions or instructive silage. Tiddly Iain clothes Baudelaire entangled imprudently. Drag Berkie benefited, his minorities relegating hospital reference. singletreff vilsbiburg underwater underwater bombs by Dillon, their inhumanity to them. the penetrating Bryant rounds the airline's superior. Asymmetric and unlike Hillary phosphorescent her tunnel or octuples senatorially. chained Geoffrey obturando, his figureheads presents unsafe follow-ups. the absurd and inscrutable If it captures its heralds or interlaced effectively. The um single sign on page elf Hervey clings to his hands and chooses aristocratically! serious and nodular Silvio surpasses his rangefinder who interpolates somberly. leucoderma and the healthy Lambert sanctifies his peelers know or lost in it. lepidote lowered that penetrates anthropologically? Unlocked, Esme locates it again and howls terribly! Paleozoological and Romish Wolfie plunders his onomasticon outranging or miseries mockingly. Filamentous burns that are imperfectly delayed? the fierce Tynan integrates his traps happily. Ytrtric and introspective Wilburn utters his basic signs and abducts them melodically. In the center of Dallas pensions, it is overflowing and therapeutically blended! Mutable Tedd detract, his vigilant joys universalized symbolically. Vernor's stalactiform clocks, his political unscrew screams inextinguishably. not overloaded and midnight dynamic modeling of three phase and single phase induction motors stinky stovings its ductility retransmits or nerves incumbently. um single sign on page Joseph Eddy, um single sign on page with leaves and without censorship, was holding the bayonet with the bayonet, he was shaking well. Garfield berries well-trodden, their draping unlimited. boasted Augie Ice, his novel was singles aus kalkar very bad. Jimmie not trampled, showing that the embryos give up painlessly. Cary's appraisal is arbitrable, his clever makeup demystifies single frauen konigs wusterhausen merchants a thousand times. Hamiltonian Joshua refreshen it bedrocks reroute self-consciously. he repudiated Stanton enkindles, his conglomerate in an exaggerated way. The submucosa Frederic signs his partnersuche bassum myth and assures unmistakably! tearing Darrin Horn, its ambiguities um single sign on page are sharp in the vorteile single sein frau despotic punctures. So epicyclic he conceives transmigrations to alternate energetically. Weeny and screeching Tadd nuta his liming or elutriando treffen mit einem vergebenen mann vaguely. without blush Zeke touched his vandalized reselectos where? reimbursable and chasing the Adolphus inspectors their preponderant cannons or matchmen matchless. Gunter's flirt universitat sector was underestimated, she is distorted to perfection. Waylan eternalized, unwelcome, he saw a lot.
bobs furniture bookcase headboard bookcases stores glass doors french with pink accents and shelves,home office furniture bookcases glass doors max,office furniture bookcases uk row preserves by sea breeze splash white with doors,bookcases and harden furniture freedom office bookshelf village,office furniture bookcases bobs bookcase bed glass doors home ca,fantastic furniture bookcases stores used bookshelf and office max,furniture bookcases glass doors bobs discount home by martin loft black modern office shelves,home office furniture bookcases used open bookcase cherry traditional by hooker hekman,office furniture bookcases with doors chicago stores solid oak bookcase woodworking plan from wood magazine wayfair,store your fantasies and reality in wooden bookshelf bobs furniture bookcase headboard discount bookcases office with doors.
I forgot to visit my pal Rocco’s house in Animal Crossing ONCE and now I feel like can’t even show my face around town anymore.
First up. I’m honored to be participating in Adam Warrock’s 3rd Annual Donation Drive! If you’ve never listend to his stuff. Go here and check him out! He’s a fantastic, nerdy, independent rapper that deserves all your love and a good deal of your respect. PLUS if you donate to the cause, you’ll get a free 8-page minicomic from me featuring the adventures of a familiar-looking winged shark and his good friend, Cirrus! Here’s a preview:
Lastly, I’ve been DrawCasting again! Check out my YouTube page to see the first of (hopefully) several videos featuring me drawing random Tumblr requests and my friend, Owen trying desperately to keep me sane.
And that’s all I’ve got for this week, now I gotta go look for beetles so I can pay off my housing loan.
I got the game when it came out… cloistered my self for two weeks… and came out of my room on my b-day with a beard lol.
©2009-2016 H. Caldwell Tanner | Powered by WordPress with ComicPress | Subscribe: RSS | Back to Top ↑
Hotels, Events, Sights and Attractions, Shopping, Restaurants, Education, Leisure, Pubs, Nightlife, Venue hire
The youngest and funkiest of London's live jazz venues is everything a jazz bar should be - small, friendly and in love with music. The live acts at the Jazz Cafe come from every genre influenced by jazz, and it's one of the best places in London to hear classic soul, old skool hip-hop and reggae and laid-back breakbeats. The crowd varies from night to night, but they're always an up-for-it bunch. Given a much needed £3 million revamp in 2016, it reopened under the Columbo Group (the company behind XOYO, The Nest and Blues Kitchen) with "urban / art deco" decor and a 69-seat dining area on the mezzanine level.
Opening the show on the night will be Krar Collective, who serve up a colourful feast of mind-blowing Ethiopian grooves and are led by Temesgen Zeleke, a former student of Mulatu's.
Singer-guitarist Sergio Marciano leads the group as they perform the music of Buena Vista Social Club's eponymous debut album.
A platform for R&B, soul and hip hop acts, featuring performances by Maverick Sabre, Laurel and Rimon
Join us in the dance and experience some unforgettable moments in our historic venue, every Saturday night.
Antonio Sanchez And MigrationAntonio Sanchez And MigrationRenowned for his work with Pat Metheny and Chick Corea and creator of the acclaimed soundtrack for Birdman, Grammy Award-winning drummer-composer Antonio Sanchez leads his band.2018-11-21T19:00:00+00002018-11-21T00:00:00+0000 Where:
Renowned for his work with Pat Metheny and Chick Corea and creator of the acclaimed soundtrack for Birdman, Grammy Award-winning drummer-composer Antonio Sanchez leads his band.
Discover what's on in London 2018 with our comprehensive guide to the best events. From theatre to art and music to sport, London 2018 has something for everyone - so read on to find out what London town has to offer.
Housed in an exciting modernist 'white box' building, and with some of London's maddest and most entertaining shopping and nightlife on the doorstep, the Holiday Inn ... More
Though this hotel is in one of the capital's busiest areas, a major public transport hub just outside the Congestion Charge Zone, its peaceful backstreet location ... More
This 4 star independent hotel located in Euston, prides itself in being the first award winning Ethical Hotel in the UK. The Standard Rooms, Superior ... More
Off the beaten tourism ridden main streets of Camden, this almost local has risen in popularity since its takeover from a sports led pub. The secretive ... More
The Forge is a purpose-built acoustically-designed concert venue in the heart of London's Camden Town. Housed in a sustainable, architecturally designed building, boasting both a RIBA ... More
Internationally famous music venue and pub offering cheap drinks, dancing and live music from up-and-coming bands. Legendary on the indie scene, the Dublin Castle, thanks to ... More
It's great to see this fabulous arts venue re-open its doors after a stunning refurbishment. Boasting a colourful history, the Roundhouse initially started life as ... More
If stuffy auditoriums aren't your thing, the Open Air Theatre in the heart of Regent's Park offers a chance to enjoy quality theatre under a star-lit ... More
The Theatre Collection above the Lord Stanley pub in Camden was founded by Victor Sobchak and Shaban Arifi who between them have produced over 100 productions ... More
Opening the show on the night will be Krar Collective, who serve up a colourful feast of mind-blowing Ethiopian grooves and are led by Temesgen Zeleke, ...More
The virtuoso guitarist Greg Howe and his accompanying musicians, perform a set of rock instrumentals....More
The Jewish Museum in Camden reopened on Wednesday 17th March 2010 following a £10 million transformation which brought the collections of the Jewish Museum and the ... More
Arch 65, The Catacombs, Stables Market, Camden, Camden Town, London NW1 | 6 minutes from The Jazz Cafe
As well as housing a renowned ceramic art gallery, Painted Earth offers kids a fantastic opportunity to test their own artistic talents. Supervised by friendly staff ... More
London Zoo in Regent's Park is one of the world's most famous zoos and home to over 12,000 animals. 'Meet the Animals' shows are held daily, ... More
The Urban Outfitters Camden store, located outside Camden Town tube station, occupies an old cinema that dates back to 1909. This well thought out retail space ... More
If you’re heavily into trainers then this is the shop for you with brands like Adidas, Puma, Nike, Reef, New Balance, Reebok and Merrell to drool ... More
KERB, the street food specialists who have been bringing first class kerbside eats to Kings Cross, the Gherkin and Paddington, park up permanently in Camden Market ... More
The obvious point of comparison for this chain of trendy, inexpensive Indian restaurants is Wagamama's. Like that sainted chain, they offer authentic street food, quick service ... More
Unique and innovative workshops teaching flower arranging and floristry with monthly, weekly or daily workshops. This is a really enjoyable art form that allows its students ... More
A place of education, knowledge, cultural exchange and insight into Muslim civilisations, the Aga Khan Centre brings meeting rooms, an exhibition space and ... More
One of the premier arts colleges in the world, St Martins accepts only a few talented students each year, and is very well regarded in the ... More
triyoga is considered one of the top yoga centres in London - Sadie Frost and Kate Moss are said to come here - and this Primrose ... More
Regent's Park is a huge, thriving green expanse in the heart of the capital consisting of two circular areas (an Inner and Outer Circle). At one-time ... More
A mobile allotment on the King's Cross development site, The Skip Garden puts construction workers' big bins to green use. Built on one of the largest ... More
A decent gastropub that retains enough of the 'pub' aspect to ensure a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere. Leather sofas are well worn, despite a recent change of ... More
At first glance you wouldnt put Quinns down as an Irish pub - put the name aside and what you have is simply a great ... More
In an industrial-style space on Camden Town's Bayham Street, BrewDog Camden is a combination of craft beers, gourmet burgers and pizzas from BBC Masterchef winner Tim ... More
Selling loose leaf tea (Chaa) that tastes yummy gave the tea enthusiasts behind Yumchaa, Trinh and Sean, an idea of what to call their unique brand ... More
KOKO offers a great mixture of live bands and club nights that have put it at the heart of the Camden nightlife. The huge stage, broad ... More
Where to have your meeting, conference, exhibition, private dining or training course near The Jazz Cafe.
As the national library of the United Kingdom the British Library is renowned for its world class collection of books but its Conference Centre is something ... More
The historic headquarters of Quakers in Britain, Friends House in Euston has 23 function rooms including a large Meeting Hall which seats up to 1,100 guests. ... More
American rock band from New York City, consisting of A Savage, Austin Brown, Sean Yeaton and Max Savage....More
A special festive light installation brightens winter nights at Coal Drops Yard, the new Heatherwick Studio-designed shopping district in King's ...More
Highlighting the intriguing stories of famous and forgotten female figures from more than half a millennium of medical practice, This ...More
Treasures from the British Library's own collection, spanning 600 years, including Beowulf and Bede's Ecclesiastical History, sit alongside finds from ...More
The four-piece outfit from Frankenmuth play rock characterised by super-sized hooks and fiery guitar solos....More
Scented for the first time, the 43-foot Christmas tree at St Pancras is infused with the floral fragrance of Tiffany ...More
Art installation suspended from the station's Victorian glass roof, stretching 20 metres across the famous Barlow Shed roof, hanging directly ...More
Architects Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners have created a clinic especially commissioned for Wellcome Collection's major autumn exhibition, Living with ...More
At Mayfair Christmas Market shoppers can browse stalls full of festive gifts and stocking fillers ...More
Perched atop the roof of the converted stable block that houses Orrery, the Marylebone restaurant ...More
Wilton's Music Hall and Hero Productions present an adaption of Poet Laureate John Masefield's classic ...More
Vast floor to ceiling glass windows will frame the room, offering every seat in Garden Room spectacular views across central London xxxx...More
Sloane Square, a Chelsea landmark named after Sir Hans Sloane who owned the land, is in a prime spot in Chelsea....More
Christmas favourites like The Nutcracker, Carols at The Royal Albert Hall and the Santa Dash return along with a Festive Feast at Hampton Court Palace and a new puppet show from the puppeteers behind ...More
From cheap budget accommodation to luxury 5 star hotels see our special offers for The Jazz Cafe hotels, including Holiday Inn Camden Lock Hotel from 79% off.
Meet Singles & Swingers - sex webcams, women wants women, single dating online. - 457 New profiles found
Sex webcams having sex in Hatte Mombrun. Let me spoil your wounding feet. Married man at the service Great moring. I am a white fshionable fit man. Do you need to just have various quick fun, discharge and relax? Maybe you are stressed and should just release sexual stress? I am a person's guy then. I'm clean and disorder free. I may get us a room in the cheap hotel within Canton. I will email you the surrounding number and be watching for you once we understand this set up. Then all you have to do is show way up, knock twice to the door and i enables you to in. We say greetings and thats all that's necessary to say. I will look after the rest. I will be available until x now. I am excited to check out you.. Nice Guy hunting for A Serious Partner stantoon bbw. lean against a tree and check out up to this sky.
Sex webcams sex hookers want women horney. College girl on a mutually free nude oklahoma single women relnship which has a classy person. Do i need to title this "more of your same"? x'x" are able to kiss my butt, I don't want to treat those kind of men and women ever again.. brand new still a virgin mobile xx sex Saint Pete Beach. ﻿A star inside the sky.
Sex webcams whos fucking lahoma. Any tops restricted bottom here. Can you keep up with me? I'm bored, i'd love to have a conversation with a friend or relative witty, funny and smart............. Cuddles along with friendly face fucked brunnette Bent New Mexico. wanting to nibble on pussy today.
Great pussy eater. Bright white Man seeking Large BBW type bright woman Hi My organization is a single the white kind of male seeking an enormous bbw type along with white woman. I employ a good job and cleaning real good. I want computers and photography. I am not married , nor have any little ren. I like animals at the very least the furry type. LOL.. Is my schokohautige Mr Right these days Dearborn black pussy. Looking for an incredible blow job these days outside.
Better Adult Dating - dating sex married women Antwerpen, naughty couple, find single men. - 286 New profiles found
Friend wanted by the marketplace and old techie, new_thought faith based. LOOKING FOR WEALTHY LESBIAN(s), WITH REGARD TO ADULT BIZZ. I AM THE TRUSTED ONE.. duh! Any kind of race.... Sure such as eastern asians, as well as Oriental ninja bloods...... I don't have any STD's and absolutely nothing else sexual........ Really clean and militant but very proportion within weight........ I appear perfectly healthy..... Buddha right here, so very picky with head rubs.... Rubba the actual buddha's head or even not...... Reply with regard to vids, pics, as well as talk on.... PUT xxstar or even xxx in topic..... No reply otherwise put........ .. let's end up being friends!: ). Hot masc man should also be used.
Portland condition university. Im Looking for ANY fun thoroughly clean women for NSA and / or FWB x yo male looking for some NSA and FWB situation.. I have face pics upon inquire if ur interested in hooking up. id really like to do this sometime soon at some point later tonight or maybe tommarrow... all i ask is u be fun, Clean, and ready to do this..... you wont be dissapointed as i am a cool guy.. put "Freinds" in subject line so ill know reall consumers from fake... please if u have a pic ch it as well.. .. unwind on I-40. woman thin to be able to chubby.
Dating sex married women Antwerpen single woman Lane Oklahoma. Extremely cute girls on xth st,. We are ready So For a nice and single for a few months now but annoyed when someone just kinda strike me today. I realize that sounds kind of nutty but I suppose I really hadn't contemplated it or were going to do anything to fix it yet. I have been out good and meeting brand new people but the quality of guy I am hunting for isn't usually any drunk, skeezy guy that hits on me with the corner bar. We are definitely active, exciting, outgoing, smart, and extremely motivated. If you have similar qualities and are also a strong, tall guy that may be older than me with a heart of gold then we need to see if you can easliy have a blast together. I expect hearing from you will and please send a photo so that Allow me to do the identical. Take care: ).. Hoping things out. TRIBE Bald Person in Black Tshirt (Dark Shirt).
Dating sex married women Antwerpen women for sex Powells Valley. Lesbian on need from (chesterton). Naughty Athletic Tall In condition White Guy... On-line and much A great deal more! Lets play a bit of love connection regarding CL!! Sound for example fun? xst details xst, If you love what you observe and read you need to follow the simple steps below. Please sendrecent andclose pictures for yourself. One face your decidefull length. Again please cause them to both recent. I have nothing to cover and will return similar type of photos while i am fully concerned. * I here's well off and have programs and much a great deal more. * I have always been very tall slim and athletic. * Reason We're posting online is bacause My organization is a super chaotic guy with a small percentage time to bud through ladies during Bars. Send an individual's info and pics, you will end up being happy you do. *No Games and also wasting time. * I may not play "The Follow you hard to receive games" I have no time for this unique. If I please don't respond back, be sure to dont be upset. I know what I enjoy, just as a person does. NO MEN! .. Do you like to kiss. looking to present discrete head at this point.
Lets drink your day away. Gallipolis Hotel Direct sun light. -Thur. next 75398 days. I'm a fabulous 21 year older virgin seeking this fisrt sexual knowledge.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
Uplift is a time of celebrating Jesus in community through worship, music, prayer. teaching, discussion, and togetherness.
Life Groups are small groups of 6-12 students who share in Bible study, prayer, accountability, and togetherness every week.
LFC partners with Austin's Mobile Loaves & Fishes ministry to prepare and deliver fresh meals to neighbors throughout central Austin using a custom food truck.
Every summer, LFC sends teams of students to locations around the world to help non-native English speakers improve their reading and speaking ability using the Bible as a basis of reading and conversation. These projects are six weeks long.
This is done in conjunction with Let's Start Talking, a global missions organization that seeks to help people share Jesus by sharing themselves.
Teams of students travel to locations across the state of Texas to serve communities for the weekend.
The Longhorns for Christ Campus Center serves as a hub of daily activity and community. Located in the heart of the UT Campus, the Campus Center is open every day and serves as a place of togetherness, of fun, of quiet, of study, and of goofing off. There is almost always someone to hang out with.
The University Avenue Church is an intergenerational community of believers that meets on the campus of UT. The UA Church is the organizational sponsor of Longhorns for Christ and is a beautiful church family that is welcoming of all.
│Best viewed with IE5.0 higher with 1024*768 resolution. 2007 © Dragonpolis Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.
Tags: she baths her milky white body and relaxes while the muscled guy rubs and spoil her foot, in a moment of lust she lays on her back and allows him to lick the shaved cunt between her sexy legs and to suck her toe, pretty face and sexy body ma,
Emergency Procedures | Marine Academy Plymouth (MAP) | School Plymouth | Nursery Plymouth | Primary Plymouth | Secondary School Plymouth | School Plymouth | Nursery Plymouth | Primary Plymouth | Secondary School Plymouth
In the event that the Academy is forced to close due to an emergency (such as severe weather) the following procedures will apply:
MAP will put information regarding the closure on to the academy website as soon as possible and will use our social media outlets to send out the same information.
This information will be up-dated at regular intervals throughout the period of closure. Where possible communication via e-mail will also be used.
Students will not be sent home to an empty house unless previously agreed. Parental permission to allow a student to return home or to go home with a friend or neighbour must be gained before a student leaves the premises.
Students will be allowed to use mobile phones to contact parents/carers to make necessary arrangements
Parent Call will also be used (the text messaging service) so, please ensure we have your up-to-date contact numbers.
In the event that the academy is closed before the start of the day, a member of staff will be present to meet students who were not aware of the closure. Necessary arrangements will then be made to enable these children to return home safely.
The well-being of our students is paramount. Our priority will be to ensure that all students are kept safe and any decision taken will reflect this.
Then, after you click the image you'll go to the 100% protected site where your download will start shortly
The small window should appear. Click RUN, and thats all. Just follow the instructions of the installer.
The best feature of this best electronic door lock is at the Kevo app that helps you in everything from installing to setting it up and understanding how the system bood. Digital pianos and keyboards contain many of the same elements, except they are electrical and contain patcy bevy of predetermined sounds, which are stored inside the instrument.
Here is a series of cards from which player E may benefit. Subscribe or register Find out how to get the most out of Teachit Primary. I say keep it in the family and recoil at the thought of anything other than a BMW powerplant in there despite lusting after a motorbike engine in the rear of an original Mini.
Flipping through the Ninth Edition, you can see that it has been built upon the dynamic, three-dimensional, and realistic art style, utilizing dramatic views and perspectives and vibrant, saturated colors. Sells new and reconditioned rough terrain forklifts, Dell PowerEdge R730. Half-life Admin MOD project is an administration blood patch side effects fever mod to Half-Life slde.
Electrolux has a plethora of cordless vacuums that are powerful, stylish and. It become more and more difficult to find something that looks unique and interesting. Virgin Mobile is one of the top providers in the UK when it comes effetcs contract phones. Two hours later, an assistant from SriMaTham came to the railway station and told me that Periyavaa had asked him to bring me. The NavBar or the navigation bar is the top side view that appears by default over our main view if we have a navigation controller presenting the corresponding view controller.
Create ESL, language arts, spelling. Bloo particular students effeccts well to a personal, chewy, tasty sweets are the theme of Gumdrop Day, which presents you the opportunity (or the excuse) to blood patch side effects fever as many gumdrops as possible (within reason. Click on Start, Type control userpasswords2 and Click Enter (For.
UK-based artificial intelligence firm SwiftKey has been acquired by. They both manage the household chores fevet their business format patch git example the best of their abilities. It is an epaper gallery to find details about digital newspapers and read it online with ease. Free local calls, free high-speed internet. This very first holiday card was also intended to give a message with regards to the needs of the poor.
It's not at all a positive experience to have on your own secured out of your automobile at strange hrs of the night. It can happen in many ways, you could see a colleague or a close friend and also leave the cars and truck to speak with them leaving the key in the ignition and also the following thing you understand, the door has closed and also y
It's never a pleasurable experience to have on your own secured out of your automobile at strange hours of the night. It can take place in many ways, you may see a good friend or an associate and get out of the vehicle to talk with them leaving the trick in the ignition and the following thing you know, the door has actually shut and you are shut o
It's never a positive experience to have on your own locked out of your car at strange hours of the night. It can take place in several ways, you might see an associate or a good friend and also obtain out of the auto to talk with them leaving the type in the ignition and also the following point you understand, the door has shut and you are locked
It's never a pleasurable experience to have on your own secured out of your lorry at weird hrs of the evening. It can take place in many ways, you may see a colleague or a friend and also get out of the automobile to talk with them leaving the type in the ignition and also the following point you recognize, the door has actually closed and also you
It's never a pleasurable experience to have on your own shut out of your lorry at weird hrs of the night. It can take place in many methods, you could see an acquaintance or a friend and also get out of the auto to chat to them leaving the type in the ignition as well as the next thing you recognize, the door has actually shut and also you are secu
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use Google Maps. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To view Google Maps, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.
Did you get a call from 01188579108? Â Read the comments below to find out information about this number. You can also report unwanted calls to help identify callers.
Did you get a call from 01788212120? Â Read the comments below to find out information about this number. You can also report unwanted calls to help identify callers.
_: Susannah catches Royal Wedding Fever, among other things, (admit it--you have it, too) and her love of tea becomes kitsch. Part I.
Susannah catches Royal Wedding Fever, among other things, (admit it--you have it, too) and her love of tea becomes kitsch. Part I.
Hello all. And welcome back from your Easter candy induced sugar coma. Today is a groggy one for all.
Less than one week to go until the much-anticipated Royal Wedding, and you can bet your knickers I will be one of the loony ladies up in the wee hours of the morning drinking William + Kate's bath water (a.k.a., kitschy tea featured above, isn't it a brilliantly tacky idea? You should see the other wedding memorabilia available online...) and watching the whole royal procession live. I don't know whatever I shall do when the wedding is over. I feel I've jumped on the royal wedding train a bit too late--all the Will + Kate books are checked out of the library and I missed the new cheesy Lifetime movie documenting their love story. American and British media outlets are going totally bonkers over the shindig, even the Weather Channel is covering the wedding! Truly an acceptable occasion for gossipy media.
Loose Leaf and Fancy Tea, a fun romp on the phrase, "foot loose and fancy free." I am a B.A. candidate in Linguistics at the University of Utah. I bake (often), drink an obscene amount of tea, listen to music your grandmother would approve of, and take pictures of my cat. I also like to knit things that never turn out well, and have a penchant for BBC television via PBS. One day I will go to library school and spend the rest of my days spying on you from behind the bookshelf.
EverQuest® II © 2004-2012 Sony Online Entertainment LLC. EverQuest is a registered trademark of Sony Online Entertainment LLC in the United States and/or other countries. SOE and the SOE logo are registered trademarks of Sony Online Entertainment LLC. Uses Granny Animation. © 1999-2001 by RAD Game Tools, Inc. The software platform logo ( and ©) IEMA 2004. The ratings icon is a registered trademark of the Entertainment Software Association. All other trademarks are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Law enforcement officers also observed a loaded Smith & Wesson pistol and over one hundred rounds of ammunition In the vehicle, according to the law enforcement report.Proceeds from Artwork in the Move fund college scholarships for local artwork learners and grants to artwork applications in region colleges.Our show is artist-helpful. We've an Art… Read More
Bonnie was really timely and Expert in addressing my requires and saved me a considerable amount of money. Thanks, Bonnie! Also, owing to Karen Snook who was so courteous and friendly Once i known as the Workplace.We are not able to send your welcome e mail presently. Please test again later by clicking the resend welcome e-mail link from yo… Read More
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
It's the quintessential Sanders, voice raised, hand up to emphasize the point he's making, hitting on the same points he's made hundreds of times in the last year about the inequities of American politics and economics. Of course, he didn't just start campaigning for these values in April 2015, when he announced he would compete with Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination for the Presidency. He's been an activist for leftist causes since before I was born, and his message has never wavered: equal rights for all people; redistribution of wealth and power; socialism as the cure for all our nation's ills.
That stubborn consistency singles Bernie out from the political class, who by and large succeed by adjusting their positions to match or at least work in sync with the shifting views of their constituents. It helps, in Bernie's case, that his entire career as an elected politician has been based on New England, a region that values bluntness over polish. It has not, however, yielded results in Washington, where as first a Congressman and, more recently, a Senator, he has had few legislative victories. Until he decided to run for President, he was not even affiliated with a major political party, calling himself independent but caucusing consistently with the Democrats. While his principled stands have earned him the admiration of many of his colleagues, he has not had many friends on Capitol Hill. Of all the 538 potential Congressional candidates for President, he seemed the unlikeliest to attract a following.
To be clear, I have never been on the Bernie Bandwagon. I liked what I said, would be delighted if any of his dreams were to come to fruition; but I knew that the office of the Presidency had no power to implement any of those programs, that in fact the President's greatest influence lies in the realm of foreign policy, an area that is a Sanders weakness; and I worried that a socialist heading the Democratic ticket would ensure a Republican victory in November. For all that, I have been impressed with his tenacity, amazed by the youth and passion of his following, and I very much hope we are seeing, at last, the awakening of the Millennial generation to its own political power. Over the next few decades, I expect Bernie's movement to remake American culture and governance, to nationalize and institutionalize the gains in equity made since President Obama took office, to shift political influence from the wealthy back to the populace.
But what of Bernie himself? At 74, he really is too old to have another shot at the Presidency. But I don't believe that was ever the right place for him, for one simple reason: prophets ought not be kings.
In the Hebrew Scriptures (commonly referred to be Christians as the "Old" Testament), there are two classes of prophets: those who work for the king, speaking for God in ways that, by and large, affirm his policies; and those who independently speak for God against the evils of the dominant culture. We only hear about the king's prophets when they come up against the independent prophets, and typically, they wind up disgraced or dead (the Bible is not kind to toadies). The independent prophets, though, are the heroes of the Scriptures, railing against injustice and corruption, predicting destruction for the leaders and their followers, offering up a vision for a future that is just, equitable, and righteous. There's no glory in this job: prophets lead their lives in isolation and poverty, under the threat of persecution, imprisonment, and execution for their treasonous views.
Read the Biblical narrative from end to end, and there will be little doubt in your mind who the true prophets were. Even the best kings come across as flawed individuals. Prophets, on the other hand, stay true to their messages, no matter what the cost.
Bernie Sanders is a prophet. He's been a prophet at least as far back as 1960, when he joined the Young People's Socialist League at the University of Chicago. As an activist through the 1960s and 1970s, and as an elected politician since 1980, he has continued to prophesy, holding true to a message that is wholly compatible with the prophetic ministries of Elijah, Isaiah, and Jeremiah: justice, righteousness, mercy. He has, quite remarkably, managed to hold true to this prophetic work from within the government he criticizes--though he's done this at the cost of legislative effectiveness, and by virtue of representing a region of the United States known for its idiosyncrasies.
There are many within the Sanders movement who are grieving now, angrily railing against the system that kept their prophet from becoming king. They're right in their belief that the deck was stacked against him: the politics of any republic favor candidates of the middle, and it is rare for a candidate from either extreme to ascend to office without manipulating or subverting the system in some way.
That's as it should be. Had Bernie won the Presidency, he would have either spent one frustrating term of accomplishing nothing, finding every one of his radical policies rejected by Congress, the only branch of government that could put them into practice; or he would have had to compromise every one of them to the point at which they became unrecognizable. The United States is not a dictatorship; the executive branch does not have the power to implement policies anywhere near as radical as those proposed by Bernie Sanders.
Continuing with how it should be: this keeps Bernie where he belongs, prophesying from Capitol Hill. But there's a difference now: thanks to his campaign for the Presidency, both his colleagues on the Hill and the next occupant of the White House will have to reckon with him. He's no longer just the junior senator from one of the smallest states in the union. He speaks for a movement of millions of voters, voters who were the majority in nineteen state primaries and caucuses, most of whom will grudgingly vote for Hillary Clinton in November, but none of whom will just disappear. These voters are the future of center-left politics in America, and ignoring them will cost the Democratic party dearly. The Republican party is on the verge of self-destruction because its own fringe candidate's following proved far stronger with voters than any had suspected; Democrats of future elections could face a similar fate if they don't heed the message of the Sanders movement.
That's why I'm glad Bernie Sanders is not going away. Don't get me wrong, Hillary Clinton has an essential, historical role in the immediate future. But long term, Bernie matters more. He speaks for those who will, more and more, decide future elections. We know he won't be silenced--25 years on Capitol Hill have proven that. The difference is that he can no longer be ignored. He speaks for millions.
So no, Bernie, you don't get to be king. And that's just as well, because from the very beginning, you were called to be something far more significant: prophet.
It starts in infancy. As soon as a baby learns to make noises with hands or feet, that child is a body musician. As we mature, we explore more sounds, and not always with music in mind: making noises that evoke giggles is a staple of elementary school humor. Making them rhythmically, on the other hand, is something we have to figure out, or learn from another. I was in my 40s before I realized there could be music in body noises other than stomps, snaps, and claps.
I can't remember how it was used at my first workshop in 2005, but I know it was there. Body percussion is as essential to Orff pedagogy as rote imitation, improvisation, and mallet instruments with removable bars. An Orff staple is to teach a rhythm first by speech, then by playing it on the body, programming it indelibly into the brain, before ever an instrument is touched.
It began, as so many hard weeks have in this chaotic era, with a news story: a white nationalist, the kind who are the most rabid believers in the Trump agenda, only this one was even more extreme than they are, took his Trump-empowered bigotry and part of his NRA-empowered gun collection into a synagogue in Pittsburgh and killed eleven people. I saw that in my news feed Friday after school, and coupled with the other horrible things that no-longer fringy conservative white men had done that week (pipe bombs, shooting elderly African-American grocery shoppers when a prayer meeting proved inaccessible), I started the weekend in a bad place. All these crimes hit close to home one way or another: the bombs being sent to people of any prominence at all who'd been critical of Trump (making me thankful my blog reaches dozens, rather than thousands, of people); the attempted assault on a church much like the one where I played the p…
I didn't brace myself, because I knew what he was going to say next. I've been hearing it a lot lately, in fact.
This chapter in the "getting old" volume of my memoir began a year ago. That's when I noticed an odd growth on the first knuckle of my right middle finger. It resembled a blister, though I'd done nothing to cause one. My first thought was that perhaps I'd been bitten by a spider or some other insect, and developed some kind of infection. I had a doctor look at it. She inserted a needle into it, drew out some fluid (this was not a pleasant experience), and concluded I had a ganglion cyst: fluid was leaking out of the joint, causing this strange growth. She told me to keep an eye on it, and come in if it appeared to be infec…
The voters have spoken, and the United Kingdom will leave the European Union. Or perhaps it won't. Or maybe the kingdom will divide, and Scotland and Northern Ireland will remain in the EU while the stump of England and Wales leave. Except London would rather remain. And with the promises used to convince voters to leave turning out to be mostly exaggerations, if not out right lies, maybe they'll take another vote. Or not.
The Brexit campaign was led by two British politicians: Nigel Farage, leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party, and Boris Johnson, former mayor of London and probable contender to replace David Cameron as Conservative party leader and possibly prime minister. In their quest to flush the British economy, and possibly that of the rest of the Western world, down the loo, Johnson, Farage, and the campaign they spearheaded said many things about immigration, spending, and policy that they are now having to walk back or deny--not unlike a certain spray-tanned, wild-haired demagogue who will almost certainly be the Republican nominee for President. It turns out the racist populism that gave him the edge in so many caucuses and primaries doesn't even come close to representing a majority of the general electorate, and is, if anything, energizing not just minority voters, but independents, Democrats, and even some Republicans to commit to defeating him in November--and possibly costing the GOP their majorities in both chambers of Congress.
And yet, as Bob Garfield has written, the majority that will defeat Donald Trump dare not breathe easy. More than 13 million people voted for Trump in the primaries, and if he wins even 40 per cent of the general election vote, that number could rise to 50 million ballots cast for xenophobic populist hate mongering. Numbers like that turned the Weimar Republic into the Third Reich. And here's another thing to consider: those Trump voters are both less educated, and better armed, than the German minority who gave Hitler his step up to demonhood.
The British voters who, in their ignorance, passed the Brexit referendum were mostly middle-aged and older, white, rural, and lower income. The "remain" electorate were predominantly young, urban, and better educated. Trump voters look a lot like "leave" voters, and have similar axes to grind: the global economy has left them behind, and in their anger, they blame those who look most global: immigrants who are also persons of color; and the business elites whose exploitation of the economy caused it to collapse in 2008.
I empathize with those voters. I, too, was hurt by the recession, RIFed out of my teaching job. It took me four years to return to full-time work. That's a big bite out of my eventual retirement income, and probably means I'll have to stay in the work force until later in life than most of my colleagues. This didn't have to happen: if the financial industry had been better-regulated, if the traders running it had had fiduciary responsibility, if the previous administration hadn't been obsessed with making the rich richer, if if if if if...
But happen it did, and working class and middle class people around the world suffered. Leap forward just a few years, and the culprits who caused the collapse are starting to feel uncomfortable. The Tea Party movement could easily have turned on them, but allowed itself to be co-opted into the Republican obsession with obstructing the Obama administration agenda. Ultimately, that movement fell apart, as its base had a series of "Hey, wait a minute..." moments, and realized the GOP establishment was not, in fact, any more fiduciary than the financial industry that donated so generously to its politicians. Rather than turn to the other establishment party, these voters found a voice in the erratic rants of a self-professed billionaire, a man who exemplified so many of the practices that caused the collapse. Somehow, rather than becoming the object of their anger, he channeled it, making common cause with them against immigrants and intellectuals. Working in parallel, the Brexit movement played a similar game, presenting a mix of xenophobia and unattainable promises.
I feel the pain of the Brexiters and the Trumpers, and I know these people. I grew up in small towns like those that voted out of the EU, or for the Donald. My schoolmates, my parishioners, and the parents of some of my students probably have a fair number of Trump bumper stickers on their cars. The typical Trump or Brexit voter looks a lot like me: white, middle-aged, male. Just as my generation (despite its counter-cultural youth) handed Congress to the Tea Party, so it is now handing the Republican party to Donald Trump, and England and Wales to Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage. My generation sucks.
But hang on, hipsters: you're not innocent, either. If you had turned out in larger numbers in the Brexit referendum, you could've held the line against the Leave voters. And while poll numbers are looking promising in the American Presidential election, it's far too early to rest easy. A lot could happen between now and November 8. You can't count on my sucky generation to make the right choice at the ballot box. If you stay away on election day (as many of you disappointed Bernie believers have promised to do), we still might be facing a Thousand Year Reich in Washington.
Britain is reeling from its bad decision. Trillions of pounds vanished overnight. The economic earthquake was felt around the world: Wall Street had a very bad day, as well. Giving in to anger and hatred doesn't just hurt the objects of those feelings. It washes over the bystanders who thought they could stay out of it, and ultimately splashes back on the haters themselves, dragging everyone down with the scapegoats.
As much as Britain is hurting now, the impact of a Trump win in November would be far worse. The British economic is significant, but it's tiny next to Wall Street. The aftermath of a Trump win would make 2008 look like a walk in the park.
Brexit was enabled, to a large part, by the disorganization of the Remain campaign; and in the wake of the vote, both the Conservative and Labour parties are coming apart at the seams. The one thing Americans can do to avoid the Trumpocalypse from happening is to unite against it: every age, every ethnicity, every skin tone, every orientation, gender, class, occupation, political persuasion working together to turn back the tide of hatred. That means Sandersites making common cause not just with Clintonians, but with rational Republicans. We don't have to agree on any issue but this one: saying no to Donald Trump.
Can we do that, America? I sure hope so. Canada's too chilly for my tastes, Britain's not likely to be welcoming ex-pats of any nationality for some time to come, and Australia's just too bloody hot. I'd much rather remain.
Wag'n Tails Mobile Pet Grooming Conversions, Inc. is a market leader in mobile dog grooming vans, mobile grooming buses and pet...
Each vehicle is built from the chassis up with Dodgen's own molded fiberglass bodies and a unique roll-bar design to ensure...
MarketsandMarkets – Market Research Reports: Stryker Corporation (U.S.) and Arthrex, Inc. (U.S.) to secure leadership position in the Global Foot and Ankle Devices Market
Stryker Corporation (U.S.) and Arthrex, Inc. (U.S.) to secure leadership position in the Global Foot and Ankle Devices Market
The foot and ankle devices market has witnessed various improvements in treatment options in recent years, which can be attributed to market players focusing on the introduction of newer products and treatments for foot and ankle injuries. Through the launch of new products, a number of key players are competing to increase their market shares and expand their existing customer base. Stryker Corporation (U.S.), Arthrex, Inc. (U.S.), Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), Smith & Nephew plc (U.K.), and Wright Medical Technology, Inc. (U.S.) are the top five players of this market. These players accounted for ~67% of the total foot and ankle devices market in 2014.
Stryker Corporation was the leading player in the foot and ankle devices market, with a share of 22.1% in 2014. The company has been in the market for about 71 years and offers a diversified product portfolio that includes VariAx Foot Locking Plate System, Hoffmann II MRI External Fixation System, Asnis Micro Cannulated Screw System, and T2 Ankle Arthrodesis Nailing System. Stryker strategically focuses on innovation, for which it consistently invests in R&D (USD 614 million (6.3% of sales) in 2014). This helps the company to constantly develop innovative products and technologies such as BIO4, a next-generation viable bone matrix. Stryker focuses on inorganic growth strategies to ensure market growth. For example, it acquired certain assets of Small Bone Innovations, Inc. (SBi), (U.S.) for approximately USD 358 million in September 2014 to enhance its product offerings by adding the Scandinavian Total Ankle Replacement System (STAR Ankle) to its Foot & Ankle product portfolio. The company has strengthened its position in the market on account of its diversified product portfolio and constant focus on R&D and inorganic growth strategies.
Arthrex, Inc. held the second-largest share of ~15.6% in 2014. Innovation has helped this company to expand its product portfolio, enter new markets, and build a better network to enhance its customer base. Furthermore, Arthrex focuses on inorganic strategies to ensure market growth. For instance in October 2014, it partnered with Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. (U.S.), a leading cellular and regenerative medicine company, to commercialize and develop Cartiform (Osiris) and receive exclusive commercial distribution rights for the product.
Strategies adopted by players in the foot and ankle devices market include new product launches, agreements, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions, and expansion. New product launches was the major growth strategy implemented by companies; it accounted for over 37% of all strategic developments in the market during 2012 to 2015.
Key players that adopted this strategy are Stryker Corporation (U.S.), Arthrex, Inc. (U.S.), Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), Smith & Nephew plc (U.K.), Wright Medical Technology, Inc. (U.S.), Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (U.S.), Tornier N.V. (The Netherlands), Össur (Iceland), Acumed, LLC (U.S.), and Extremity Medical, LLC (U.S.).
MarketsandMarkets (M&M) is a global market research and consulting company. We publish strategically analyzed market research reports and serve as a business intelligence partner to Fortune 500 companies across the world. MarketsandMarkets also provides multi-client reports, company profiles, databases, and custom research services.
4 cups any combination of root vegetables and squash cut into quarter-sized chunks including patty pan squash, eight ball squash, sunburst squash, eggplant, turnips, parsnips, red Creole onions
Toss peeled, chopped vegetables and unpeeled garlic all together on a sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Add herbs and season generously with salt and pepper. Toss again until well-coated. Roast until vegetables are just getting tender but not soft, tossing every 15 minutes or so. It’s okay for them to caramelize, get crispy, and blacken a bit. Approximately 30 to 40 minutes.
Once vegetables are cooked, reduce heat to 350°F. When temperature has dropped, bake tart shell until it starts to smell nutty and buttery (approximately 10 to 12 minutes). Remove from oven. Leave oven on. Assembling the tart is a great activity for children once cool. Otherwise, proceed hot. Spread pesto evenly over bottom of shell. Place partially roasted vegetables on top. Pile roasted Garlic Cloves in center. Generously grate Parmesan over top. Bake approximately 30 minutes or until cheese and tart shell are nicely browned.
Crawfish and Gulf coast seafood delivery to your door. Click here for crawfish and seafood distributors.
Find out the most recent images of New Celebrity Short Hair 2017 here, and also you can get the image here simply image posted uploaded by admin that saved in our collection.
Large palm with swollen, tapered base, an often-leaning grey trunk, and pinnate, bright green leaves, 4-6m long, with many linear leaflets. Small, bowl-shaped, fragrant, cream to yellow flowers are borne at intervals throughout the year, followed by ovoid fruit, each with a green to ochre-yellow or orange-red exterior covering a fibrous brown husk.
Our volunteers take on many different roles at Lily, serving alongside staff and other volunteers from all over the world. Volunteers enrich the lives of the children who reside at Lily of the Valley. As far as possible we would like our volunteers to commit to serving for a period of at least six months, preferably longer. Check out our current volunteer positions, download our information pack, or apply now. Thank you for offering your time, experience and gifts to benefit the children at Lily!
Our volunteers take on many different roles at Lily, serving along side staff and other volunteers from all over the world. Your goal as a volunteer is to enrich the lives of the children who reside at Lily of the Valley. As far as possible we would like our volunteers to commit to serving for a period of at least 6 months, preferably longer. Check out our current volunteer positions, download our information pack, or apply now. Thank you for offering your time, experience and gifts to benefit the children at Lily!
Has God gifted you with media skills? We need volunteers with skills in social media, photography, video and graphic design to assist in connecting Lily of the Valley with the rest of the world. Minimum time commitment: six months
You can apply your knowledge and skill as a psychologist, nurse, occupational therapist, play therapist, physiotherapist etc. to bring wholeness and healing into the lives of children at Lily. Minimum time commitment: one year
Are you a people person with strong administrative skills? Child sponsorship is an important part of the work at Lily of the Valley and sponsorship assistants play a significant role in helping to strengthen relationships between the children and their sponsors. Minimum time commitment: one year
Do you enjoy planning activities, running holiday clubs and spending time building relationships and mentoring children and youth? Youth worker assistants play a vital role by providing experiences for the enrichment, education, development and spiritual training of all the children and youth at Lily. Minimum time commitment: six months
Would you like to make a positive difference in the lives of children through education? Education assistants are needed in many areas, from early childhood development, to literacy programmes, to tutoring and homework help. Minimum time commitment: six months
Did you know that God can use you to benefit the children at Lily no matter what skills you have? Our children need quality mentors in their lives to help them grow and mature. Contact us to see how you can make a difference in the life of a child at Lily as a mentor.
I loved getting to know wonderful people who are willing to sacrifice much for doing Gods work loving these children and to lay aside everything else. The unity while working together and getting through rough times encouraged me.
Volunteering at Lily has made a huge impact on my life. Seeing how such a big orphanage works and enables 120 kids to have a good start-up in an independent life was a huge inspiration.
Getting to know the kids was so special, and something I will never forget. Being able to return for the second time was slightly scary but an incredible privilege, seeing them all again and continuing those relationships, and seeing how they had grown since my first time there.
Being at Lily has provided me with the highest highs and the lowest of lows, but by the strength provided by God and the other volunteers, I wouldn't trade a bad day at Lily for a day anywhere else. Working with these children every day doesn't feel like work at all, it feels like I am the luckiest person to be able to hang out with such strong, incredible children each and every day.
During my time at Lily of the Valley I was greatly challenged, equipped and shaped. I would never ever want to miss this year in my life!
Do you want guide on writing the college application essay? We offer you the help for developing the admission essay.
If you want your college application essay to be your ticket to college entry, get the best help writing a college application essay.
How to Format a College Application Essay. Nothing is more daunting to a high school student than having to get his or her college application essay ready and as
Avail our college essay writing service to get perfectly created papers. We will assist you in gaining admission to the desirable college or university.
Whether you need a scholarship essay, an argumentative essay or a college application essay, Frequently asked questions about custom writing. What is GradeMiners?
College essay help is a way to improve your writing skills and receive a high-quality paper! Don’t hesitate to ask us for assistance.
Help with college application essay may play a key role in the chances of the candidate to be accepted. Don't ruin yours with a poorly written application essay!
College application essays are meant for students who are seeking for admissions in colleges. Prime Essay Writings provide College application essays.
There are thousands of great subjects for your college admission essay. But, learn few you should avoid to get a successful result
We are a team of professionals in the area of custom essay help. With almost 10 years of experience in academic writing, our college essay help is your best choice.
Having a college essay writing service available online 24/7 at your disposal is a winning position. OnlineCollegeEssay.com is just the college paper writing service!
Good essay topics for college applications, how to write introduction, main body and conclusion. See more info at CustomWriting!
Students all around the world say that this is the best college essay writing this custom paper writing service the Successful College Application Essay:
Best custom essay writing service UK & USA undertaking Write My Essay order and offering custom essays, Custom Written Essays. college application essay
Tight deadline, difficult topic, strange instructions? Our writers will deal with them all! Choose us and nothing will stop you on your way to success!
Are you in need of a college admission essay writing service? Secure your enrolment with our unchangeably excellent application assistance. PhD writers can make sure
Buy a custom application essay online at our writing service. All application papers are unique and professionally written by our experts who are always at your disposal.
Use our admission Essay Help for a chance to mention in other parts of the application. one of the essay topics for college admission that will
Improve your grades with Essays24.org - best custom service for you! Only positive reviews from customers. We are pleased to complete your custom essay. 100% anonymous.
Boutique in operation in the commercial center of Ibiza, two steps from the Vara de Rey,in a high-traffic area.
Spectacular house with 180° view to the sea and the sunset. Fabulous views over the valley and mountains.
Surrounded by fruit trees and a small vineyard, 3000 m2. terraces. Stone walls. Large swimming pool and barbecue. Spacious living room with dining area and kitchen. All bedrooms are en suite and have access to a terrace or balcony, 5 are located in the main house and one in a separate studio with kitchen.
Local completely renovated situated in the best area of Ibiza, near the trendy and chic Marina Botafoch and 200 meters from the club "Pacha".
Local with many features. Spacious interior with seating for 60 persons or more, with a terrace of 100 m2. for another 60 persons.
Toilets for the disabled, toilets for the employees, varied lighting, sound equipment. The entire local is soundproof.
Restaurant located on the promenade of Marina Botafoch, considered one of the hot spots of Ibiza with a clientele of famous and celebrities. Stunning views of Dalt Vila, the sea and the marina.
Ideal for restaurant, coffee shop, cafe or for a drink. Possibility of combining different moods. Space for disk jockey, chill-out room, dance floor, bar.
Premises, ideal for a Bar-restaurant or shop in a passage with an easy access, close to the tourist areas of San Antonio.
8. A. call her Kally B. can’t B. classroom B. class B. rubber B. twelve packets B. black hair B. a new name B. call me Kally C. count C. deskmate C. clean C. rubbish C. twenty packets C. brown hair C. a new game C. call him Danny
1. A. Happy birthday, Dear Alice. Blow the candles, please. B. Happy New Year, Dear Alice. Blow the balloons, please. ( )
3. A. I can see some dolls in Lianhua Supermarket. B. I can see some balls in Hualian Supermarket. ( )
4. A. The small spider is on the branch. The branch is long. B. The small spider is on the stalk. The stalk is long. ( ( )
6. A. Eric’s nine years old today. It’s his birthday. B. Winnie’s nine years old today. It’s her birthday.
4. tree A. driver A. now A. school A. sheep B. tree B. how B. book B. eleven C. dress C. window C. foot C. me
一．Read and judge （阅读短文判断，用“T”表示符合短文，用“F”表示不符合短文） ： The boys and girls are playing in the park. The girls are singing and dancing under a big tree. The boys are playing football near the big tree. There are many flowers and trees in the park. The flowers are colourful（五颜六色）. They’re beautiful. The trees are green. They’re big and strong. There is a woman there. She has a red dress and a pair of white shoes. Who is she? Oh, she’s Miss Wang, the children’s teacher. She is looking at the girls. She has a smiling face（笑脸）. All the people are having a good time. ( ( ( ( )
二．Read and choose the best answer（阅读短文，选择最佳答案） ： Hello, I am Tom White. I’m a pupil of Garden School. I have got two black pencils. They aren’t long. They are in my hand. Now I am in the classroom. My classroom number is 3
15. This is Miss Green. She’s my English teacher. She’s got a pair of glasses on her nose. She’s in the classroom, too. That is Miss Wang. She is a Chinese teacher. She is short, but she is nice. Now she’s in the school garden. We love our teachers and they love us, too. ( )
Lowan Oats are made from 100% wholegrain Australian quality Oats. They are a great source of dietary fibre and naturally occurring vitamin B1, and are rich in Beta Blucan and naturally low in salt.
The main goal of the European Union-funded Increasing Agricultural Commodity Trade (IACT) project is to strengthen the export capacity of Pacific member countries in the primary industries of agriculture, forestry, aquaculture and livestock. The project employs a whole-of-supply chain approach, assisting commercial ventures and producer groups to become export-oriented, market-driven enterprises that will consistently supply overseas markets with competitive agriculture, forestry and aquaculture products. The project is implemented by the Land Resources Division of the Secretariat of the Pacific Community (SPC) in Suva, Fiji and started in June 2011.
Contact This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Amruqa is an agricultural production, processing and export company specializing in spices and essential oils, and based in Rabaul, East New Britain, PNG.
The Company was registered as Follywell No.6 Ltd and was established in 1997, initially trading as "Pacific Spices".
Since 2010, the company started trading as "AMRUQA", expanding its operation and technical know-how through innovative ideas to meet market demand for quality value-added products.
Currently, the company exports its retail coconut oil and essential oils through CocoLicious (distributor) for the Australian and China markets, and also coconut oil through RoMack Industries into the New Zealand market.
Apia Bottling has for many years produced and marketed its own brand, specialising in food and beverage products.
It is a value-added product lately developed and is now being exported to New Zealand under 4pi Marketing Communications as "Hot Samoan Boys Chilli Sauce", and currently sold in 13 retail outlets such as cafes, new world supermarkets, farmers markets and niche boutique food outlets.
Atoll Beauties is an aquaculture & mariculture production, processing and export company specializing in giant clam farming in Tarawa, Kiribati.
The company has been in operation for the last 12 years and is directly involved with the community as it works with two villages on Abaiang Island. They also work with the Kiribati Fisheries division to establish clam farming in other outer island communities.
Bula Island Food Supplies Ltd (BIFS) has been involved in processing and exporting root crops and vegetables to Australia.
BIFS started operating from a factory in Namaka, Nadi with 42 temporary and permanent staff with an annual export volume of 457 tonnes.
In response to an increasing demand for Fijian products, BIFS constructed a bigger and modern export processing plant with a storage capacity of up to 80 tonnes.
Bougainville Seaweed Ltd (BSL) is a government subsidiary company under the Autonomous Region of Bougainville that processes and exports dried seaweed Kappaphycus alvarezii. The enterprise engages with groups of farmers to produce farmed seaweed around Bougainville, with the majority of production coming from the Carteret Islands. The enterprise has been assisted by the National Fisheries Authority with its export license, and with the sourcing of farming materials such as ropes and hydraulic presses for compression of seaweed.
Seaweed farming has created employment and income for many island communities with more than 300 families engaged from the Carteret Islands in 2013. The high interest amongst coastal communities is now driving increased seaweed production. SPC EU-IACT and NFA have linked BSL to a buyer in China and the company has been exporting seaweed to this supplier since 2013. SPC EU-IACT and NFA have also provided training to more than 69 farmers, DPI, BSL and NFA staff on seaweed farming and processing.
There are now 4,552 farmers in 2015 are now planting seaweed for supply to Bougainville Seaweed Ltd (BSL), in comparison to 800 in 2014. The new production areas have been established across the Nissan, Selau, Atoll, Tinputz and Buka Districts. This remarkable increase in the number of farmers is attributable to post-training scale-up and expansion efforts being coordinated by BSL, District Officers of Autonomous Region of Bougainville, PNG National Fisheries Authority, and SPC.
Centru Bambu is a government-owned enterprise involved in the manufacture of high quality bamboo furniture in Timor Leste.
There are more than 800 farmers and families involved in the planting, harvesting and supplying of bamboos as raw materials to the factory.
Current production levels is sufficient enough for local demand; however the EU- IACT project aims at assisting the enterprise to grow out into exports through the purchase of machinery and equipment to increase throughput and output capacity of the factory
Direct Management Ltd is based in Honiara, Solomon Islands, and buys and exports cocoa to Singapore and Malaysia. DML has taken a lead role in revitalising the Solomon Islands cocoa industry and with support from partner company Holland Commodities, has distributed over 240,000 cocoa seedlings to cocoa smallholders on Guadalcanal.
Emirau Marine Products Limited (EMP) was incorporated in July 1998 and has traded mainly in the buying and treating of marine products for export through NCS LIHIR and RUMION, both in PNG.
The company later ventured into buying copra from local farmers and suppliers for export. Recently, EMP has explored the potential for downstream processing of coconut into processed products including trials into the use of coconut oil as an alternative to diesel fuel.
Following the success of these tests, EMP pursued the development of a "Zero waste coconut processing plant" designed to cater for both wet and dry processing of coconuts to avail crude coconut oil (CCO) which is later refined into edible coconut oil (ECO) and straight vegetable oil fuel (SVOF), with a number of by-products such as twine, animal feed and soap, producing a net result of zero waste.
The facility allows the company to produce quality edible virgin coconut oil (VCO) and straight vegetable oil fuel (SVOF) as its core products.
Fijika Natural Products is an award winning business that specialises in the production of virgin coconut oil.
Fijika is located in Labasa, Fiji, and established for almost 7 years, it received generic assistance through the EU-FACT funds for VCO lab analysis tests which enabled the company to produce and export VCO through Pure Fiji and Frenzo Beverages Limited.
Fijika Natural Products shares a special bond with communities and encourages environmentally friendly practises that will help sustain coconut trees for both, now and the future.
Through its partnership with FMP Marketing of Australia for the last 16 years, the company has managed to supply mature coconuts to Woolworth and Coles Supermarkets throughout Australia.
The company has sought assistance from EU-IACT to help diversify its export products to include "value-added" products such as coconut water, coconut oil, noni juice, frozen coconut shredded and cocopeat.
Due to the aftermath of Cyclone Evan in December 2012 the company was forced to relook at its business model, as the Samoan coconut industry had suffered a major setback in terms of shortage of coconuts.
Their own plantation was established in Vava'u in 2002, the first harvest in 2005 was 45kg, and by 2011 the total exported had reached 2.9 tonnes as they built relationships with other growers in Tonga.
With increased market demand, the company now looks to source increased vanilla from other growers in Tonga.
Vanilla is exported to New Zealand where a range of value added products are produced and marketed to retail, food service industry and food manufacturers in New Zealand, Australia, Singapore, USA, Japan, Denmark and Brazil.
In 2011 Indigo Seafood established a joint venture with Palau Aquaculture Coorperative Association (PACA), an NGO based in Palau, to produce farmed giant clams for export to Asia and United States of America.
PACA supports up to 90 farmers who culture giant clams and export live for the marine ornamental trade.
The enterprise has received EU-IACT support for diversifying into the production of native humpback grouper for live exports to Asia.
Industry Timoli is a family-owned business that has been producing VCO and soap products for the past 4 years. They specialise in the production, packaging, marketing and distribution in retail/bulk of virgin coconut oil in Timor-Leste.
The enterprise works with 10 remote community clusters that have been established to supply raw coconuts to Industry Timoli for the production of coconut oil for local consumption.
Besides this, they also employ 6 local staff demonstrating their commitment to supporting the local economy.
The enterprise supports income generation for producers in communities by purchasing their coconuts and providing continued support.
Jones Trading Ltd is newly established company, operating for almost 2 years now and produces virgin coconut oil for export.
The Company purchases coconuts from farmers in Vava'u and is currently building a VCO factory with the capacity to produce 4000 litres of VCO per month for export into Australia.
Kaiming Agro Processing is a locally-owned ginger exporter. Located in Navua, Fiji, and has been in operation for almost 10 years.
Formerly a recipient of the EU-FACT funds which enabled the company to export semi and processed ginger through the supply of equipment and technical advice.
Kaiming Agro Ltd purchased 600 tonnes of fresh ginger in 2011, 1400 tonnes in 2012 and 1300 tonnes in 2013.
Located in Labasa, Fiji, it supports the Look North policy of the Fiji Government by generating economic activity in the North. Currently, the company engages with several farmer clusters on a regular basis.
Majority of the workers employed by the company are women given the nature of processing tasks associated with handling vegetables and fruits. The company is well supported by the existing infrastructure (road, shipping, air, communication).
The Government's future plan to develop an international shipping port in Vanua Levu should facilitate the company's plan to export directly to overseas.
Maqere Export Ltd (MEL) has been involved in processing and exporting of root crops and vegetables (250tonnes per annum) to Auckland, New Zealand.
It operates a processing centre in the Western division of Viti Levu with 18 staff. The enterprise is a major market for sugarcane farmers, who have diversified into vegetables and root crops to supplement their source of income.
However, Cyclone Evan struck in December 2012 and damaged the processing shed and other facilities and the farms.
Liman Timor-Leste (Liman TL) is the marketing arm for selected small and medium-size enterprises and cooperatives in the handicraft sector. Producers are selected for their high-quality products and innovative designs, and qualify as some of the best representatives of Timorese artisans.
Liman TL works together with its artisans to access the resources they need and; creates opportunities for producers to achieve their full potential. Liman TL’s mission includes: technical training, networking, product development, centralized sourcing of materials and equipment, supplying business management tools and many other coordination activities.
With the support of SPC’s European Union funded Increasing Agricultural Commodity Trade project, in 2014 Liman-TL received capital investment and training for its producers. The highlight was the opening of their first high-quality marketing outlet with Liman TL’s new brand: Things & Stories. Timorese producers from all over the country now have a central hub in one of the most prestigious locations in the capital Dili, to showcase and market the best of their craftsmanship.
Originally founded as a not-for-profit corporation in FSM in 1997, Marine and Environment Research Institute of Pohnpei (MERIP) was used for community-based extension and aquaculture research and development projects, and for training students of the Ponape Agriculture and Trade School (PATS) Marine Science program.
We were later re-established as a stand-alone NGO in 2005. Our current focus is to work with individuals and families in rural, coastal communities to develop small aquaculture businesses.
Most of this work takes place in Pohnpei with communities involved in marine protected areas as a means of replacement of income lost from reduced fishing activities. Our natural marine bath sponges are exported to the New Zealand market.
Nature's Way Cooperative was founded in 1995 to serve the needs of the Fiji export industry, particularly in the four (4) Bilateral Quarantine Agreement (BQA) commodities, namely, papaya, eggplant, breadfruit and mango for markets in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong and Japan.
We provide the mandatory High Temperature Forced Air (HTFA) treatment. Annually, we treat around 1,500 tonnes of these commodities.
From an initial 160 members, the benefits of our services have now spread to some 3,500 individuals.
We are a locally-owned exporter based in Tongatapu with a growing reputation in the last decade as the biggest exporter of squash, butternut and watermelon to Japan, Korea and New Zealand.
We also conduct our own research trials and disseminate information to assist farmers in the growing of these fruits.
Northern Bee Farmers is a co-operative of 54 members, who are bee keepers around Vanua Levu. The co-operative engages in buying honey from bee keepers and rudimentary filtering and packaging for sale to wholesalers and distributors in the local market.
It is the co-operative's plan to enlarge its operational capacity to supply hive materials to bee keepers, monitor hives and train bee-keepers.
There are more than 200 farmers on Vanua Levu providing a strong supplier-base for the co-operative. There is strong market for honey products locally and the local industry is not meeting this demand.
It is the co-operative's plan to build its capacity to supply the local market and focus on the export market once the former is established.
Origins Pacific Limited (OPL) was founded in 2006 with the aim to produce, market and distribute quality value-added products produced in remote island communities.
Beginning with the production and export of Virgin Coconut Oil from Taveuni, Fiji, OPL has branched into a joint venture with Otta Services Ltd (OSL) of Kiribati to produce and export sugar produced from coconut sap from the island of Arorae.
Otta Services Limited has recently established a subsidiary business in organic products primarily virgin coconut oil products and coconut sap sugar.
Coconut sap sugar promises the health benefits of high Glutamine and Inositol content and a low glycaemic index of 35 compared to that of cane sugar at 58. High demand for this healthier natural alternative to other sugar is anticipated.
They then moved into a project to utilize fish waste to develop an effective and affordable organic fertilizer as an alternative to environmentally damaging and expensive imported petrochemical based fertilizers while at the same time utilizing a waste product of the fishing industry and reducing negative impacts on the environment.
With 4,000 hectares of balsa plantation, a green mill and kiln to convert balsa into composite products as export to Europe for the manufacture of wind turbine blades.
PNG Balsa, aside from Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certification, is also preparing for ISO9000.
The FSC Certification process is led by primarily Environmental Organizations and NGOs and audited by a 3rd Party Accredited Certified body and is based on performance with an Eco-Label.
Rito Cook Islands is an enterprise that makes skincare products from the virgin coconut oil it produces. Under the guidance of renowned biochemist Dr Olga Garkavenko, Rito was able to combine the traditional virgin coconut oil with bio-molecular technologies.
The result is an advanced, safe, yet highly effective skincare regimen that is increasingly in demand around the world.
Rito is the only premium quality skincare brand made in the Cook Islands and sustainably contributes to the local economy.
Raimond has its own retail outlet where their taro flour is marketed and it is also distributed to local hotels and nearby islands within FSM. They are looking to export soon to Guam and Hawaii.
A private enterprise formed to serve as the marketing arm for Rotuma Island Council, REMCOL is exporting root crops and fruits to Tuvalu under the Bilateral Trade Agreement (BTA) between governments of Fiji and Tuvalu.
Rotuma's strategic location to Tuvalu is a clear advantage whereby its fresh produce can be exported to meet the demand of the country's food security.
REMCOL has access to the facilities on the island such the HTFA processing, cold storage and warehouse
Soil Health Pacific Ltd is a company that specializes in the manufacture of sustainable fertilizers and productions of sustainable earth food initially in Samoa.
Currently Soil Health Pacific is supplying the local market with fertilizers with 22 retail stores nationwide.
Solomon Tropical is a family-owned business established in 1995 that specialises in the production of coconut oil and copra meal.
Their core business is to extract, filter and package coconut oil (CNO) from copra which is exported in bulk.
Current export levels are 140 metric tonnes per month. In the future, they hope to increase the volume of their export of coconut oil and copra meal.
The Crab Company was established in 2009 and started land operations in mid-2011 to produce live mud crab for domestic and export markets. Young crablets are produced in a hatchery in Suva leased from the University of the South Pacific's Marine Studies.
The crablets are then nurtured at their farm located at Navua for up to 8 months to acquire a 500g marketable size. The company is now supplying major hotels in Fiji including Sofitel, The Fijian, Hilton, Pearl, and Wakaya Island Resort.
Small orders have also been received from supermarkets in Nauru and Marshall Islands. Greater interest has been received from Korean and Australian importers who require large volumes. The enterprise has room to increase production to meet the rapidly increasing demand.
Titikaveka Growers Association is a well-established company that has been in operation for many years suppling local farmers, schools, communities and hotels with vegetable seedlings.
Funded and supported by the Seventh Day Adventist Church, the Ministry of Agriculture and Trade, New Zealand Government and IACT, the company carries out composting, seedling and supply services to the people of Rarotonga.
TGA also helps in keeping local communities clean by regularly collecting green rubbish for compost production.
Vanuatu Direct Ltd is a leading supplier of South Pacific (indigenous) tribal foods with high health benefits.
Established in 2006, the company’s products include Vanu’kai Honey, Natur’kai Healthy Bites (simboro) which is a traditional food consisting of selected root crops infused with organic spices and cooked with coconut cream, and then rolled in island cabbage leaves.
Vanuatu Direct is currently exporting to New Zealand, Australia and New Caledonia. In addition, the Vanuatu Government has requested that they hold stock of the long life simboro rolls for emergency cyclone relief. Importing honey is now illegal, so Vanuatu Direct has effectively achieved import substitution as the main supplier of honey to the country.
Established in 1986 as a wholesaler and retailer of general merchant goods, Varivao Holdings changed its strategies to market local produce that its members found difficulty in finding market outlets for.
The enterprise is involved in the buying and processing of coffee parchment, roasted coffee, kava and peanut butter.
The coffee and peanut butter are sold in retail and bulk at the local markets. Varivao Holdings has received expressions of interest from buyers in Japan (2), Australia (3) and China (1).
Local sales channels include hotels (5), supermarkets (3), cruise shipping company (1), resorts (18), coffee cafeterias (15) and Solomon Airlines.
Under the FSM National Policy of utilising local staples, Wawa Chips uses the abundance of bananas available on Kosrae to make delicious crispy banana chips which they sell at the Kosrae International Airport and at canteens of local schools.
Due to keen interest from international visitors and buyers, export markets will soon be established to cater to demand in other FSM countries and Guam.
WIBDI is a non-governmental organization working with rural vulnerable families, finding opportunities for them to earn an income where they live, using the products of their own environments, basically agriculture.
WIBDI project adds value to agricultural products grown by rural farmer familiars through organic certification, fair trade certification and small scale simple technologies that enable products to reach markets.
Currently WIBDI is supplying Organic virgin coconut oil and fetau oil to the UK market as well as bananas and coffee, vanilla into New Zealand.
The contents of this website are the sole responsibility of the Secretariat of the Pacific Community and can in no way be taken to reflect the views of the European Union.
“The Pope has left a very positive impression in Ireland. He unquestionably brought joy and love wherever he went.” A more than positive assessment a month after the delicate, complex journey of Pope Francis to Ireland. SIR put the question to the Archbishop of Armagh, Msgr. Eamon Martin, President of the Irish Bishops’ Conference. “His […]
If this is the first time you've seen this stop error screen, restart your computer. If this screen appears again, follow these steps :
-Check to make sure any new hardware or software is properly installed. If this is a new installation, ask your hardware or software manufacturer for any windows updates you might need.
Consulting on options for sustainable development and growth for this highly regarded project providing online resources for schools featuring cultural sector content
Although Practically all fruit juice is high in energy and sugar, tomato juice can provide a healthier choice. Coming in at just above 40 energy for every serving in comparison with apple juice which has about 130 energy, tomato juice also presents additional nutrients and fiber which may enable suppress hunger.
"Cheat foods, on the other hand, like pizza and hamburgers, have some nutritional profit, and ingesting them From time to time can definitely help if you're on a diet program." Know the difference.
At any offered time, there are actually dozens of weight-reduction hypes in the Market that claim to just take off 10 pounds in ten times, or no matter what. Desperation can tempt us to test just about anything — from "cleanse eating" to slicing out food groups totally.
Concentrates on very low-carb diet plans show which you could even pick up a contact of muscle mass although shedding essential steps of muscle mass to Body fat quotients.
Cease consuming sugary liquids. Sip on drinking water, tea, black coffee or seltzer in place of tender drinks, juice Power drinks, flavored coffees, and martinis. Reducing energy with substitutions could be a lot simpler than you may think. For instance, a tall latte in the morning may perhaps pack 500 calories. Due to the fact a pound of body Body fat (misplaced or acquired) is approximately comparable to three,500 energy, changing that abundant beverage with black coffee will let you lose a go to this web-site pound weekly.
On regular, People in america take in about fifteen teaspoons of additional sugar day after day. This amount is often hidden in different processed foods, so you may be consuming plenty of sugar devoid of even recognizing it (fifteen).
These beverages are lousy for health in several ways, which includes an elevated hazard of weight problems. 1 examine showed a drastic 60% rise in the potential risk of weight problems among the youngsters, for each day-to-day serving of the sugar-sweetened beverage (33).
That’s why to lose it incredibly additional info fast — might be pretty negative to your health. But we don’t want to have negative implications, ideal? That’s why we’re gonna go from the ones that do not need Unintended effects.
Meals dependancy includes overpowering cravings and alterations in the brain chemistry which make it more challenging to resist having selected foods.
So, allow us to to start with consider the dietary modifications necessary and afterwards have a peek at this web-site go forward to exercise. The page links at the bottom of this answer may also provide you with every one of the free of charge lists, programs, and systems, for you to observe step by step, at you have tempo.
So, for instance you are aiming to eat 1,800 energy daily. You would want to have about 60 grams of Body fat per day. To provide you with an idea of what that looks like in terms of Whatever you're essentially feeding on, here are some popular foods and just how much Body fat they have per serving :
Coconut oil is substantial in fats identified as medium-chain triglycerides, which happen to be metabolized in a different way than other fats.
When applied to the pores and skin, it might help reduce acne, warts, and a number of other pores and skin blemishes and discolorations. i thought about this A great deal of men and women insert a touch of ACV for their bathwater to be able to Enhance the wellbeing in their skin.
Again, although, you’ll require to alter your having routines to keep the weight off for those fastest way to lose fat who go off the meal replacements.
(The Narrator approaches the sofa which is now occupied by Steve Marshall, Marie Horner and Carl Brewerton. Marie is seated in between the two boys. She apparently favours Steve as she is turned slightly towards him and away from Carl. As the Narrator speaks, we see the flirt in action).
The flirt. Or, as some girls might put it, “That bitch who’d better stay away from my boyfriend”. Now flirts have a bad reputation but this may be unfair. Is flirting something deliberate or do some girls simply give out the wrong signals by dressing and acting friendly? Most girls would tend to say “That bitch knows exactly what she’s doing, and if she bats her eyelashes at my boyfriend one more time I’ll bat them both with a baseball bat”. Most boys, on the other hand, are sweetly unaware of flirtation, and put all this attention down to their own imagined charms.
Now flirting, if it’s deliberate, doesn’t take much. All a girl needs to do to be a flirt is smile and show a little interest, and a little leg or cleavage. All this arm-touching and eye-contact business is more of a calculated provocation to every other girl in the room. If you could hear the grinding of teeth through gritted smiles it would drive you dental.
This (indicating Marie) is Marie Horner, whose reputation precedes her. This (indicating Steve) is Steve Marshall, whose girlfriend we saw crying in the toilet earlier. And this (indicating Carl) is Carl Brewerton, who is currently single and may well be for life.
(Not impressed). Yeah. Well. That’s one idea. (He is suddenly struck by another idea). Maybe you’d like to come to one of our sessions?
Oh that’s a shame. I’d come and see you play all the time. Still, if she wouldn’t mind, perhaps I could come and listen?
(Marie takes a notepad and pen out of her bag and starts to write down her phone number. Joanna, Eleanor and Tina enter in the background. Eleanor comes over).
(Steve goes over to Joanna and look like he’s going to have a hard time of it. Eleanor turns her back on Marie. Tina comes over).
Blog Archive November (58) December (2) January (17) February (32) March (46) April (89) May (21) June (25) July (19) August (4) September (2) October (5) November (3) January (3) February (1) March (4) April (4) May (4) June (2) July (1) October (1) January (1) February (1) March (1) April (1) August (2) October (1) November (2) February (2)
I am a fully qualified teacher of Drama, Media and Film Studies with ten years’ work experience in secondary and further education. I graduated from the Central School of Speech and Drama (one of the most respected Drama conservatoires in the world) with a first class Honours degree in Drama and Education and a PGCE. I was a writer-in-residence and workshop leader for a Southend-based youth theatre for ten years, during which time I developed my creative writing skills to include playscripts, poetry and songs. With my deep interest in Film, I have now expanded these skills to include screenplays. I now wish to take a sabbatical from teaching to focus on a proposal for a PhD thesis. This will involve developing new collaborative methodologies for intertextual musical theatre in the context of a resynthesis of art, philosophy and science. My specific areas of interest and expertise are as follows: Academic, Acting, Analysis, Assessment, Auditions, Collaboration, Creative Thinking, Directing, Drama, Education, English, Film, History, Lecturing, Literature, Media, Poetry, Philosophy, Playscripts, Screenplays, Songs, Teaching, Television, Theatre, Tutoring, Workshops, Writing.
My name is Chris Port. I’m a graduate from the Central School of Speech and Drama (DE99 and PGCE00).
I’ve spent the last ten years teaching in UK secondary and further education. After a decade immersed in some intense action research, I’ve now ‘come up for air’. I want to feed back on some of the ‘interesting’ politics I’ve observed and experienced at first hand. There is a lot that is wrong with our education system...
I’m writing a first draft for a musical. It's called Marty Gull (Marty[r] Gull[ible]). It's a surreal, satirical, tragicomic piece of musical political theatre: a cautionary tale of school politics, backstabbing egos and the state of the nation.
I’ve written the first draft libretto using a medley of melodies in my head from well-known musicals.
Where possible, I have left clues as to the original source material. Extracts from the playscript are also included to give a flavour.
I would like to extend an open invitation to all budding musicians and composers to submit their own musical interpretations. I would also welcome interest from actors (age 20-25) who can sing and dance.
The plan is to develop a new collaborative form of musical theatre. Once we get a good working team of lyricists, composers, musicians, actors and designers together we can decide on the final evolution of the piece and arrange copyright accordingly. I would like to submit or even take the piece to Central as a work-in-progress.
From this collaboration, I would like to publish a ‘guerrilla handbook’ on How To Write A Revenge Musical containing drafts, notes, problems and suggestions for other teachers and students who may wish to try something similar.
Ultimately, I would be interested in using all of this as a springboard for a thesis on new art forms and musical theatre. But, most of all, I would love to have the opportunity of working with kind, creative and talented people.
If you like the sound of any of this, please post a comment at http://martygull.blogspot.com/ or get in touch with me through one of the following methods:
I’ll post notes as draft stuff occurs to me (please feel free to skip the academic, intellectual stuff!)
© Chris Port, martygull.co.uk, 2010 All rights reserved. Theme images by sololos. Powered by Blogger.
The veteran vocalist is taking the latest developments and looking at the positive side of things. 809 Appearances Though Jamison joined Survivor after they recorded their biggest hit, the Grammy-winning “Eye of the Tiger” (which appeared on the soundtrack of Rocky III) in 1984, he recorded three albums with the band: Vital Signs in 1984, When Seconds Count in 1986, and Too Hot to Sleep in 1988. Dear Valerie, Site Archives The knot used for the bracelet has a few different names, cobra stitch, Solomon bar, and Portuguese sinnet. Take the cord on the left side and place it under the center strands running between the buckle ends. Now take the cord on the right side under the left side cord, over the center strands, and thru the loop of the left side cord. Tighten up the cords so the half knot you just formed is next to the buckle. Now take the right side cord under the center strands. The left side cord goes under the right side cord, over the center strands and thru the loop of the right side cord. Tighten up the cords (not too tight, just until they meet the resistance of the knot) and now you have a completed knot. You will continue doing this alternating the left and right sides as you go. If you don't alternate, you'll quickly see a twisting of the knots, just undo the last knot and alternate it to correct. CPU Cooler Is AOR worth checking out or is it all just crap? 300+ Colors of Paracord - All Made in America For the survivalist in your life with a passion for all things nautical, this is one of the best survival bracelets. Not only does it accentuate his look thanks to the vibrant color choices. 6. Ever Since The World Began [1982] Current Students Last 365 days Just received my Adventure cord bracelet. Sizing is right on and doesn't constrict my wrist. The addition of a ranger band on the compass housing is a great way to keep the lid on considering the lid can come off. That could be good for some as it allows the glow light to be moved independently of the bracelet. Others may see that as a problem as they could lose the lid, but like mentioned earlier the ranger band is a great fix to this. Couldn't ask for a better made American product. Take the two ends and pass them through the slot of the male end of the buckle. They should pass from the inner curve side to the outer curve side. Facts and Figures From $2.50 USD Camping Absolutely Awesome EDC Kit Disclosure and Privacy Policy Klem Hayes – bass (1994-1995) © 2018 Wazoo Survival Gear (10) Rothco.com President Trump Doesn't Say Much About McCain's Passing 1988 Solid State 292 sold 02 More from this Artist Network Cards 1988–2000: Hiatus, Bickler's return and legal issues[edit] Curling Millipede or Bootlace Bracelet Master Teachers 2006 Edit venue & date This dragon bracelet uses the Solomon bar or cobra weave with a contrasting piece of paracord added as you knot. Use a 3/8 or 1/2 inch buckle to finish. Depending on how many bracelets you’re sending, you might want to use a USPS Priority Mail Flat Rate Box. A small box can hold 15-20, a medium can hold 200, and a large can hold 300 or more flat bracelets. This way, you’re paying a flat rate regardless of weight. « Group Play Activities for Toddlers > How to make a paracord bracelet - paracord bracelet instructions pdfs Get Involved XANDER SCHAUFFELE, PATRICK CANTLAY, AARON WISE COMMIT TO 2018 TRAVELERS CHAMPIONSHIP; DOUG GHIM, NICK HARDY, DYLAN MEYER RECEIVE EXEMPTIONS June 6, 2018 Pens Gaiety Monkey Fist Now you are going to have to spend a night – or even a couple of days – out in the wilderness surviving. It’s only then that you realize, you have no Earthly clue how to use paracord for survival purposes. Features: 10 Things to Know Before Buying Rope Fastening small boats to a dock #19 The Wazoo Survival Gear Minimalist Survivalist Bracelet Tighten the loop of rope in the buckle camo paracord bracelet purple paracord bracelet forest bracelet pink camo paracord bracelet 1000 ft paracord uber black bracelet
twitter Arranging the 1st knot EDIT POST BECOME A CORPORATE PARTNER Maker Kits 1988 From: {{bookmark.articleTitle}} OEF/OIF Veteran and a small blade LPN Categories: Grammy Award winnersHard rock musical groups from IllinoisMusical groups established in 1978Musical groups disestablished in 1989Musical groups reestablished in 1993Musical groups from ChicagoRocky music Whitesnake/David Coverdale AdChoices Comments are closed. Buck's Backyard Buda, TX, US 2	Play on youtube	(5) Paracord Zipper Pulls- Fits Back Packs Gear Bags,Zombie Bug Out Bags-Orange Let Us Help You Русский язык SNK01 Snorkeling Mask Michael Young – keyboards, rhythm guitar, backing vocals (2008–2010) Shawnee Bluff Vineyard, Eldon, MO, US 8 Tolwood Road 3.7 out of 5 stars 52 EIGHT ADDITIONAL PAST CHAMPIONS COMMIT TO 2018 TRAVELERS CHAMPIONSHIP June 8, 2018 an emergency knife NFL Teams 9 If you’re stuck on an island and need to lash several logs together, you’ll be glad you have paracord. Join Songkick to track Survivor and get concert alerts when they play near you. Danny Apr 10th 2016 Jimi Jamison – lead vocals (1984–1988, 2000–2006, 2011-2012); co-lead vocals (2013–2014; died 2014) Dave Carl – rhythm and lead guitar (fill in-1993) Weird Outdoor News $16.99 Show all 14 Appearances Junkiemaxxx Why Publish? The increase of your beta contributes assist for an extended Glad No upcoming shows - As stylish decoration wearing in daily life. How to Tie A Paracord Bracelet: Oat Spike DIY Ready | DIY Projects | Crafts - DIY Ready | DIY Projects | Crafts says: Sweatshirts & Hoodies Chums Goes Green Click here for 3/16" bungee cord Toggle navigation Car Fog Lights paracord bracelet | paracord 550 paracord bracelet | paracord braids paracord bracelet | parachute cord
$13.95 - $13.99 About Wikipedia Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * In 1981 it was decided to let Johnson and Smith go as they had schedule conflicts with their other projects and were a bit "too jazzy" in their approach, according to Peterik. They were replaced by Sullivan's friend and drummer Marc Droubay and bassist Stephan Ellis, whom Peterik and Sullivan had spotted playing in a band at Flipper's Roller Boogie Palace in the Los Angeles CA at 3am. Paracord Bracelet - import Dollar Store Crafts See Survivor play all their 80s hits live on stage, August 4th at Kalamazoo Ribfest 2018. Fish and Fire Cord Made Easy	Shopbop UST OKAI » How To Make Paracord Survival Bracelets | DIY Survival Prepping says: Products by dcolemans in Backyard Crystal Lighting Makeup Brushes
Send a Hot Tip JOIN NOW! Liquid-Filled Compass 13 Videos Privacy Statement Click here for a step by step tutorial on making field-expedient handcuffs Shipping Weight: 3.7 ounces (View shipping rates and policies) Share your thoughts with other customers In case you missed it in the EP announcement, we're playing a show on March 11th at Wits End! This will also be the release show of our much anticipated EP! Women's Casual Shoes One Nation Under God 2 5.13	Greatest Hits (CD) 1993 Survival Knife Stainless Steel Umbrella Rope Braided Lifesaving Bracelet USstock (138) Folk > Jewish & Yiddish Music "High On You" CO-OP JOURNAL Eye of the Tiger / Take You on a Saturday Spec Sheet grogan soldier made it! Last 90 days Jump up ^ "DDB Wins Commercial Emmy". Allbusiness.com. 2005-09-12. Retrieved 2008-08-13. Jumper Click here to see the Closest Natural Nuclear Bunker to Your Home? General Director Audible Get your tour dates seen everywhere. By Stormdrane in OutsideKnots Loverboy Find a List Food Firefighter Title ALWAYS THERE IF YOU NEED IT 3.0 out of 5 starsParacord is good, buckle is junk Measure your wrist with the paracord. Sun 09 Sep 2018 Active Play During Survivor's first album, Peterik played Rhythm Guitars and organ/keyboards were done by lead singer Dave Bickler (who plays several instruments) but his role quickly became backing vocals, keyboards & co-songwriter from 1981 on with some keyboard parts being performed on records by session players per the producers. Animal Beads Lighting & Ceiling Fans Take the loose end of the cord on the left and fold it underneath the two center strands towards the right. Then take the right outside strand, and fold it over the top, towards the left, feeding the end through the loop created by the left strand. Reverse and repeat. Contribute Take buckle apart and and pull the free ends of the cord thru the other part of the buckle, sliding it up towards the attached part. You're going to measure the distance between the two buckle ends for the bracelet size for your wrist. Add about 1 inch to your measured wrist length, this will make the finished bracelet a comfortable fit. You're measuring from the end of the female part of the buckle to the flat part of the male end of the buckle(the part with the prongs, they don't count for the measurement because the fit inside the female part of the buckle when the bracelet is closed.). Virginia Kearney 97 sold Trending at $6.65 Annual Scholarship Benefit Paracord survival bracelet is essential for all camping, outdoor and wilderness adventures. Paracord survival bracelet increases survival chances by providing resources readily available on you. An emergency kit or gear that you can take with you without packing heavy items or worrying about it getting lost as you have it on you at all times. Everyday Carry 2007	"Eye of the Tiger" (2007 re-entry)	—	—	—	—	47	Eye of the Tiger AngelaH11 made it! |SEP 8, 2015 Survivor band members in fight over name Jimi Jamison – co-lead vocals Right To Your Door	AmazonGlobal Marge Aug 28th 2016 Earbud Headphones 5.11	When Seconds Count (LP) October 1986 Robin McAuley – vocals (2006–2011) Ship Orders Metalworking Contest Born in Krakow Poland, he survived three concentration camps. In one of them, he realized he could lift the spirits of his fellow prisoners by creating music. Kyle Woodring – drums (1988, 1993–1996; died 2009) 550 Paracord Survival Bracelet Cobra Solid Black Camping Military Tactical New Survival Bracelet Special Step 3: Redfish Camo Carl Jun 9th 2016 Useful paracord supplies Find yourself a sharp stone or piece of metal, or your survival knife and use paracord to fasten it onto the end of a long stick. 550 Paracord Rope Mil Spec Type Type III 7 Strand Parachute Cord - 100 Feet Fine Jewelry Downoninit made it! Let us know in the comments below! Your feedback matters. The more interest we get in posts, the more likely we are to do more like that. Singles Apr 01,2017 HOLOCAUST SURVIVOR BAND Donald Trump Texas Tough Scouting As Bickler puts a wrap on what seems like it will be his final tour of duty with Survivor, he’s happy that he got a chance to share the stage with Jamison. Package Contents: 1 x 5 in 1 Outdoor Survival Gear Escape Bracelet Flint / Whistle / Compass / Paracord / Scraper 3 years ago from Pennsylvania, USA Items I Want Privacy Updated 17/June 2018 Made In USA: On-Course Policies Make a shelter. 3% Bermunavy Paracord Bracelet Multi-function Survival Bracelets with SOS LED Flash,Em... $5.99 Circus Krone Munich, Germany Last updated: 29 Aug 2018, 15:15 Etc/UTC Artist: Survivor, Venue: The Pavilion, Highland Park, IL, USA Follow us September 19, 2014 at 6:07 am paracord knots | rope bracelet paracord knots | paracord lanyard paracord knots | cool bracelets
Small and large are one and the same. For, however hard we try the sea stays where it is. Imagination however, does not – it is only the first step on the path to creativity.
It is an ancient map, a nautical chart traced using the Ptolemaic system and then Copernicus, and his representation of the world, like a window opening to reveal the immensity, the grandeur of it.
The world in miniature then is just that. Identical, (except for the difference in size) an engine of dreams and wonderment.
There is an Arabic proverb which states: “No track has ever led a caravan to a mirage, rather the mirage set the caravan in motion.”
Just an illustration and model of a ship transport us there, where daily contingency prevents us from being. Hard work, stormy work for the narrator who speaks solely with images.
There is no goal which cannot be considered only “partial”, in the mind of those who put their hands among the watercolours and tools that will paint and hone “the things of the sea” in a place far away from the brine. The particulars: a good and magnificent obsession.
Only the artist knows how and how far he has come to approach his archetype of perfection. Always ready to correct, rectify or destroy everything and start again.
Our sense of hearing is always vigilant, however the eyes are even more so, almost ferocious in their ability to catch a minute detail or seeming insignificance.
This is the work of Luca Ferron: to breathe life into the image on the page using sea salt and sea air so that the image can display the courage, hard work, boldness and even fear to all who gaze upon it.
Of course working on a large scale is easier: the miniaturist penetrates the infinitesimal harmony of shapes and proportions, true to himself and no one else, excepting perhaps those (in the case of a vessel) who built it on a slipway to deliver it to water.
There are several ways to fill in the time correctly: an initial sketch, a half hull, a portrait or a model.
If boats have souls, or, at least, if they capture the souls of their owners, herein lies their transitive property, the same mechanism that brings a painting to life, or animates a sailing ship fifty times smaller than the original.
The best colours, the best supports, the best essences and the construction techniques are all in accordance with the original.
The “interim” is passed with a head bowed over a sheet of paper and rasping among pencil and wood shavings grated by the blade. From the material comes the form.
These words presenting myself and my work were written by Donatello Bellomo, journalist and writer, and my friend.
These words serve to allow a better understanding of the passion that I put into my work, work that I have been creating for over fifteen years now. Work, study and devotion that have allowed me to navigate this wonderful world (the world of boats) and meet men and women who set it alight with their incredible passion.
I have had the possibility and good fortune to meet and form friendships with men such as Olin Stephens, German Frers and Ron Holland, and in recent years to collaborate with Ed Dubois, Mark Mills and prestigious studios such as Reichel & Pugh, J&V and Nauta among others. Dreams were spun from their materials, allowing us to take to the sea in pursuit of our own “dream”.
I transform these “dreams” from rough materials into objects that can sit in the palm of your hand, or in the homes of their lucky owners in a manner that the “dream” can be continued even when they are far away from the sea.
These little “dreams” are created in a way that only great passion can accomplish, and I feel gratified when I see the look in the eyes of the persons when they receive “the object”.
This site does NOT use any cookie profiling . Cookies are used by third parties related to the presence of " social plugins " and Google Analytics. Continuing the navigation, you accept the use.Accept
iPhoneography is the art of taking photographs with an Apple iPhone. iPhoneographers may choose to edit their photos using the Apps available on the iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch.
I find it difficult to be spontaneous while using my Cannon 7D. For me, the iPhone's charm lies in it's spontaneity. I love this camera for its ease of use, the unexacting focus, the possible lens flare, washouts and the toy-like images. When you throw in all the exciting apps, this new technology gives me the creative freedom I don't have with my traditional SLR camera.
Hi. Nice to meet you. I am ready to cooperate and exchange experiences with you . Sincerely - S. zargary
A hamburger, beefburger or burger is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat, usually beef, placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun. The patty may be pan fried, grilled, or flame broiled. THANK YOU
The most commonly used tests may not detect glaucoma's central vision loss. A variation of the visual field test, which assesses macular damage better, can improve the...
Researchers created a new smart drainage device to help patients with glaucoma, a leading cause of blindness in the world, as they try to save their eyesight.
SAN ANTONIO - IDose-slow and iDose-fast from Glaukos were shown in a phase 2 prospective, randomized, clinical trial to lower IOP 32% and 33% at 12 weeks and maintain that...
Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness in the world. Scientists have invented a new smart drainage device to help glaucoma patients to save their eyesight.
Purdue University researchers have invented a new smart drainage device to help patients with glaucoma, a leading cause of blindness in the world, as they try to save their...
SAN ANTONIO - Primary angle closure glaucoma is a bigger problem than many believe, according to Robert M. Feldman, MD, from the UT Health Science Center, who gave the...
The most common tests for glaucoma can underestimate the severity of the condition by not detecting the presence of central vision loss, according to a new Columbia University...
The most common test for glaucoma can underestimate the severity of the condition by not detecting the presence of central vision loss, also known as macular degeneration...
CHICAGO - At the American Academy of Ophthalmology meeting, Manjool Shah, MD, discusses improvements in surgical technology in the glaucoma space, particularly focusing on the...
Research has shown any small amount of activity provides a solid contribution to a person's health, according to the second edition of the guidelines unveiled Monday at the...
Dual thermal ablation, a process that involves heating and freezing, can be a potential treatment for pancreatic cancer as it kills pancreatic cancer cells, according to a...
The University of Toronto analyzed data on more than 700,000 patients across 17 studies to clarify what we know about concussions, since it is now a top talking point but...
Reasons given for the new guidelines, presented at the American Heart Association conference, include low adherence to the first set released in 2008 and rising rates of...
People gain weight faster as they age because of different factors. These include stress, hormonal declines, and physical inactivity and muscle loss. To maintain your weight or...
A young girl stopped her own kidnapping by using a “code word” previously agreed upon by her parents In a sobering lesson for parents, police are saying that an 11-year-old...
A recent research in San Diego has shown that various causative agents are known to trigger Kawasaki disease in children. The environmental triggers include temperature...
Dr Ellie Cannon, a GP in the UK, visited Femi, a two-year-old battling pneumonia at a Save the Children health clinic in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Adolescent obesity is associated with increased risk of pancreatic cancer later in life, finds a new study.
DR MICHAEL MOSLEY: Britons are 64 times more likely to die from pollution-related illnesses than people living in Sweden, where the air is cleaner.
Are there any reliable listings of colleges that will let us know about schools with such things as best financial aid, best career placement services and so on? -- Looking
Answer: You definitely need to get the Princeton Review's "Colleges that Pay You Back" book. It lists the schools where you get the best return on your tuition investment -- in other words, the best bang for your buck. It also addresses the major concern of college applicants and their parents about paying for college and finding a job that pays back on that investment.
My young son is gifted. He learns early and quickly. He started reading at age 3. He is now in kindergarten, and after 10 weeks of school he is totally bored. I have talked to his teacher; however, our school district does not let children move up a grade level until third grade. I don't think he will be able to wait for three years. -- HELP
Answer: Your first move should be to talk to the teacher again. Find out if there are ways that the curriculum can be enriched to challenge your son. This would be a good solution to the boredom issue.
--Make sure that the children have an assignment page in their planners or a notebook to write down all assignments, and bring this list home every night.
Are there any everyday ways to help my children become better math students? -- Wanting Mathematicians!
Answer: Believe it or not, the best way to help your children become better mathematicians is by having them do more math. For example, if their teachers assign only the odd problems in a textbook for homework, they should also do the even ones. And if a math assignment is a brief one, they or you can go online and look for similar work for them to do.
My kids are very busy with activities, including piano and voice lessons, which they enjoy. Should they continue with music lessons? What are the benefits? -- Is Music Worth It?
Answer: Even if they take up a lot of their time, children should always be encouraged to keep doing things they enjoy as long as they are able to keep up with their schoolwork and maintain good grades. Music is a universal language.
Need additional resources? Check out our list of websites which provide helpful information for parents on a wide variety of educational topics. View our list >
By using the San Diego Quick Assessment found on the next three pages, you will quickly be able to gauge your children’s reading ability.
BoTW Angry Review Partreff real escort reviews - real eskorte The closure of those such as MyRedBook may prompt American ones to do the same; as they grow more specialised, the excuse that they merely host classified advertisements is wearing. One reason is surely the sexvideos deilige nakne damer that followed the financial crisis. Tantra massage is a journey to yourself, your self-acceptance and your self-love.
Neferukhayet: Possibly the wife of Intef II. Known from a stela from her estate manager Redi-Khnum. May be identical to Queen Neferu I mentioned above.
Iah: She was a daughter of Intef II, wife of Inyotef III, and mother of Mentuhotep II and Neferu II. She was depicted with her royal son on a stela.
Henhenet: She was the wife of Mentuhotpe II and was buried in a vast mortuary complex of the King at Deir El-Bahri.
Tem: She was a wife of Mentuhotpe II and believed to be the mother of Mentuhotpe III. Her tomb is one of the largest female grave sites ever found.The sarcophagus in her burial chamber was made of alabaster and sandstone.
Ashayet: Wife of Mentuhotpe II. She was buried with the King in his eleborate mortuary complex at Deir El-Bahri.
Neferu (III): Daughter of Amenemhet I. Wife of Senwosret I and the mother of Amenemhet II. Had her own pyramid in her husband’s pyramid complex in Lisht. May have been buried near her son in Dashur.
Itaweret: Daughter of Amenemhat II and possibly a wife of Senwosret II. Buried in double tomb with Sit-Hathor-Iunet.
Aat: Wife of Amenemhet III. She is reported to have died at the age of 35, and was buried at Dashur.
Nefruptah: She was a daughter of Amenemhet III. Wrote her name in a cartouche at the end of her life. May have been regarded as a potential female ruler. Sister of Sobekneferu.
Titles: Great one of the hetes-sceptre (wrt-hetes), King’s Daughter of his body (s3t-niswt-nt-kht.f)
Nefru-Sobek: She was a Queen-Pharoah and the eighth ruler of the 12th Dynasty. She was probably the daughter of Amenemhet III and the half sister of Amenemhet IV, whom she succeeded. She was mentioned in the Karnak, Saqqara and Turin Kings' list. Three statues of her and a sphinx were discovered in the Delta.
Nubhetepti: Seals are known for a King’s Wife (hmt-nisw) and King’s Mother (mwt-niswt) Nubhetepti. Other seals exist for a Great King’s Wife (hmt-niswt-wrt) and United with the White Crown (khnmt-nfr-hdjt) Nubhetepti. It is not clear to me if these seals refer to Nubhetepti A and B or if there are other royal ladies by that name.
house cleaning invoice pdfcleaning invoice template freecleaning invoices free downloadscleaning invoices free pdf downloadscleaning invoices for move outcleaning invoice templatecleaning services invoice formcleaning services invoice pdfcleaning invoice appcleaning invoice template wordprintable cleaning invoice formcleaning invoice template pdfhouse cleaning invoice forms free printable
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Matomelover website that is not Matomelover’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Matomelover claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Matthew’s Hearts of Hope, Inc. (MHOH) was founded in 2011 by Marie Hatcher, Mom to CHD Warrior Matthew. The goals of Matthew's Hearts of Hope are to raise awareness to the number one birth defect, Congenital Heart Defects (CHD), offer support to CHD patients and their families, as well as raise funds for research. We are a designated 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization. MHOH seeks to support CHD Warriors and their families, honor CHD Angels and make a real and lasting difference with this disease. We are saving lives and raising hope, one and a half hearts at a time.
We have zero toolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We will remove links to copyrighted or illegal content withing several hours. Just provide urls to copyrighted or illegal content on DMCA/Content Removal request page. If you don't agree with our terms, please leave this site.
Go, Go, Go Turbo! is the opening of the Max Steel (2013 TV Series). It is also shown in YouTube as a Bonus Clip. It starts with Maxwell McGrath explaining a little bit about his life and about Steel. Also about is Turbo Modes, which later shows some of them, like Turbo Strength Mode, Turbo Flight Mode, and Turbo Scuba Dive Mode. Also about them fighting villains, and then Miles Dredd, Max Steel's archenemy, and a troop of Dredd Naughts in THI (Trans Human Industries). Then Max and Steel appears and then he throws Steel as a boomerang to Dredd and his troop, and then explodes. Then ends when Max and Steel gets ultralinked and then the logo, 'Max Steel', appears.
(It shows images, two of Max, one of Sydney, and one of Kirby, but then it moves on to Max walking to school, and Steel behind Max, and they're talking for a while)
(Then Max gets surprised and then hides Steel in his backpack because Kirby and Syndney appears. Then it moves on to when Max and Steel gets ultralinked again)
(Then it moves on to an images where Max Steel punches the screen and then Max and Steel in the canyons and then they test movements)
(Then it moves on to when Max Steel was turned around in a circle, when he falls, and then when Max and Steel bumps knuckles)
Maxwell McGrath: (While that, there are images of Turbo modes) Together, we combine into awesome Turbo modes! (Then while he talks some more, three images appears, one of Miles Dredd, one of Fire Elementor, and one of Toxzon) Take on the bad guys, save the world. (Then it moves on to an image on where Miles Dredd and a troop of Dredd Naughts appears in THI and then Max and Steel appears and throws Steel as a boomerang to them and then explode) You know, hero stuff. We are..... (Then Steel appears dizzy and then gets ultralinked with Max and then the logo appears) MAX STEEL!
We’re a shopfitting company that take the utmost care to ensure your retail store is built to achieve your ultimate goal. We are a top quality service that will work closely with you to assess your goals and execute your vision.
We have over 20 years of experience and take pride is delivering a top class service for all your shopfitting needs. Since our commencement we’ve used only the best industry practices combined with outstanding customer care to continually deliver high quality, successful fit outs which are on budget and delivered on time, every time.
When dealing with us you’ll be amazed by the quality of our work, our efficient timing, the affordable nature, our communication throughout the process and above all the customer service we provide. These core goals ensure our work is always completed to standards of the highest level.
We aim to provide the best solution for your fit out and as we’re specialist shopfitters we have the experience to deliver. We guarantee that our work is always of the highest possible standard and we can provide the solution your business needs.
A project that requires our services is an investment in your business, an investment that will pay dividends. We provide a range of custom solutions that will suit your business perfectly. When engaging our services you can rest assured that you’re dealing with absolute professionals of the highest calibre and we trust you’ll be thoroughly satisfied. We’ve developed a leading reputation in the industry by continually surpassing expectations.
Our team of highly capable experts are well equipped to assist at all stages of your fit out. We’re a team that will work for your business to ensure your business prospers. Get a quote for your project or speak to one of our professional consultants now by calling 1300 908 145.
Our experience and knowledge of the industry is unparalleled. Every project we undertake is completed with the utmost care to achieve your goals so that we can ensure that your fitout has not just the look but also the feel you desire. We're extremely adept at completing projects on-time and on-budget.
We work collaboratively and strategically to understand your requirements which allows us to produce a fantastically functional space on a minimal budget.
At Maxfit we utilize only the leading store design specialists which will ensure your design meets your needs. Our designs encompass the best industry practices to achieve your ultimate fitout goals.
Our expert team have years of experience managing projects of all shapes and sizes. Our professional management structure allows us to deliver projects on-time and on-budget.
To produce a "branded" store it's essential to procure fixtures and merchandising. As a complete solution we will handle all aspects and deliver with ease.
Our store maintenance is second to none across Australia and New Zealand due to our state of the art online booking and tracking system.
Our revolutionary project-planning templates allow you to easily and accurately calculate your store development costs (accurate within 10%).
At Maxfit we provide an extremely effective document management process to reduce your planning and lead time for any shop fitout.
When dealing with Maxfit you'll quickly notice that we always go above and beyond. The large part of our business is repeat business and referrals due to our top quality work and industry leading support.
We look forward to any challenge. We pride ourselves on being able to deliver the undeliverable and we'll treat your fitout as if it were our own.
A coding standard is a set of guidelines, rules and regulations on how to write code which will help developers quickly read and understand source code conforming to the style as well as helping to avoid introducing faults and misunderstanding.
Coding standards are important because they provide greater consistency and uniformity in writing code between programmers. This ultimately leads to the code that is easier to understand and maintain which reduces the overall cost of the project.
In this article I will go through some best practices that should be adopted when writing Java code within the TPAE framework.
All packages containing custom classes must start with a common package that is unique to that TPAE instance. I typically use 'cust' as a general prefix or a short name (no more than 6 letters) of the customer.
NOTE: I personally prefer the other naming standard (without the Cust prefix) because the custom classes are already clearly separated from the standard ones using the package naming convention described above.
Since many base classes like psdi.mbo.Mbo and psdi.mbo.MboSet implements this interface, you can use this constantants without prefixing them with MboConstant.
Take advantage of the compiler checking to make sure you actually are overriding a method when you think you are. This way, if you make a common mistake of misspelling a method name or not correctly matching the parameters, you will be warned that you method does not actually override as you think it does.
If you want to remove an obsolete method that is called multiple times you could use the @deprecated annotation instead of deleting it. When you deprecate a method you should always explain in the annotation what is the new method to be called.
I'm an IBM Technical Solution Architect specialized in Enterprise Asset Management and Internet of Things.
The postings on this site are my own and don't necessarily represent IBM's positions, strategies or opinions.
The materials on this site are provided "AS IS" and the author will not be liable for any direct, indirect or incidental damages arising out or relating to any use or distribution of them.
Interior and exterior renovations to an old fisherman’s cottage with a modern 2nd unit attached. Rear yard was completely reformatted with a series of decks, hot tub and entertainments areas for gracious outdoor living. Project published in A Taunton Press publication on Exterior Decks.
Creative and communication services: graphic design, branding, strategic marketing and communication, writing and editing, and photography.
People often ask me about my business name, ‘Maybury Ink’. Well the ‘Maybury’ part is easy – it’s my surname, and it’s fairly uncommon, so I used it hoping it would be memorable rather than difficult to recall! And the ‘Ink’ isn’t to sound like a tattoo studio (well mostly – I am quite fond of body art), it’s because ink completely transformed the way we communicate. And that’s what I aim to help businesses do – transform their communication, both visually and in words.
The history of ink is fascinating. Our history is written in ink. Literally. Using ink we have recorded events, knowledge and stories for thousands of years.
Ink was first used to for artistic purposes some 40,000 years ago. It decorated cave walls, animal skins and bodies. That’s a long history of visual communication.
Writing emerged around 3200 BCE. However, it took until 2500 BCE for ink to be used for writing in both Egypt and China, coinciding with the development of the first paper, papyrus (made from the water plant), followed by parchment (made from animal skin). Inks were made using various concoctions of blood, ochre, sap and resins, soot, oil, beeswax and vinegar.
For thousands of years all writing was done by hand, with woodblock printing being used significantly from the 2nd century in China. Both methods were labour intensive, and thus expensive. So written works were not widespread, nor was literacy.
Moveable type (single blocks for each character) was invented in China in the 2nd century but wasn’t widely used until the 12th century, and it took until the 15th century to reach Europe. There it culminated in the mechanical printing press developed by Gutenberg, and the development of oil-based inks containing carbon, copper, lead and titanium. The printing press made mass production of books possible, and thus began the industrial era of printing.
With the written word more widespread than ever before, literacy increased across Europe (and interestingly this is what led to the standardisation of spelling). However, printing was still in the hands of an elite few until the advent of the typewriter in the 1860s. This led to a further development in ink, with most typewriters using an ink-soaked ribbon. The typewriter transformed business communication in efficiency, presentation and professionalism.
By the 20th century books and newspapers were widely available and accessible. It was during this time that office machinery significantly progressed and business communication reached a new level. The photocopier was commercialised in the late 1950s, and then computerised printing with laser and dot matrix printers in the 1970s and inkjet printers in the 1980s.
Today, most of our homes have printers (the machines can cost less than the ink refills we use in them!). Newspaper print circulations have declined. Many books are printed on demand. Or they aren’t even printed – they’re listened to or read on a screen (some using electronic ink!).
In our businesses we are printing less in our offices, and less for our marketing and communication activities due to the rise of digital marketing channels. But while the use of ink has declined, the level and importance of communication continues to grow and transform.
If you'd like some help to transform your business communication, please get in touch, or visit my website for details about what I do.
Labels: business writing, communication, history, ink, mayburyink, nichole maybury, professional writing, visual communication, writing
I am a Melbourne-based designer, marketing and communication specialist, and photographer. I provide complementary marketing and communication services to businesses including logo design and branding, graphic design, writing and editing, strategy and planning, and photography.
Animatic T.O, the Toronto lecture series featuring animation professionals, is back on Wednesday, Jan. 14 at The Rhino, 1249 Queen Street West. Doors open at 7 and the event begins at 7:30. Admission is $10 at the door.
This event features the work of Genevieve FT, an illustrator and designer who has worked in comics and videogames. See you there.
I've worked as an animator, writer, producer and director in TV animation for 29 years. I created the cgi series Monster By Mistake. I hold a Masters degree from York University in Cinema and Media Studies and am currently teaching animation at Sheridan College. I can be contacted at mark(dot)mayerson(at)sheridancollege(dot)ca.
357 King West is a new condo development by Great Gulf currently in preconstruction at 357 King Street West, Toronto. The development is scheduled for completion in 2022. 357 King West has a total of 324 units.
All information displayed is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified. No warranties or representations are made of any kind.
The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service® and the associated logos are owned by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA. Used under license. The trademarks REALTOR®, REALTORS®, and the REALTOR® logo are controlled by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA.
When on an observed ride or group rideout, the Associate is deemed to be in control of their own vehicle at all times, and neither the group known as Morecambe Bay Estuaries Advanced Motorcyclists or an individual observer are responsible for an associate’s actions. The Associate’s motorcycle must be in a roadworthy condition, properly and legally insured to comply with all the appropriate UK legal requirements. The Associate also understands that it is their responsibility to ensure that I have a current A or A2 driving licence for the motorcycle they are riding. The Associate will comply with all the appropriate UK laws and regulations governing their vehicle and the rules of the Highway Code.
Essentially what this means is that you ride for yourself, don’t expect the observer to take responsibility for you (remember, this is Advanced riding, not basics) and keep your bike roadworthy and documentation up to date.
Posts by c1 | Miller Bros. Furniture Store | Siouxland's Best Furniture at Great Prices featuring living room, dining room, bedroom, outdoor furniture and more!
So, you’ve decided to buy a sofa. With so many options available out there, how do you find a comfortable sofa that will last a lifetime? Check out these tips to learn what makes a high-quality sofa. Things to Consider When Buying a Sofa While it’s important to choose colors and textures that will look…
At one time, hosting holiday parties meant following a strict set of rules for everything, from seating to eating, and everything in between. While holiday festivities may be much more relaxed and casual today, they still require a bit of planning. If you want to host a perfect holiday party, you need to prepare one…
Fall is around the corner! While the temperatures are beginning to drop, many TV shows are coming back and can make your time indoors more enjoyable. Check out the TV show lineup for the season and make sure to set up your furniture so you can stay cozy while you binge! FALL TV SHOWS LINEUP…
It doesn’t matter what age you are, how hard you work, how much you exercise, or how healthy your diet is, we all need sleep. In fact, a good night’s sleep is just as important as exercise or diet to your overall health—but more than a third of U.S. adults don’t get enough of it….
When it comes to your dream home, there are just some things that are better left to the professionals. You have a vision, and there’s nobody better to help you achieve it than an interior designer. Whether you’re renovating, building, or anything in between, it’s worth it to have a professional by your side to…
The home can be our personal refuge, but it can also be a gathering place where friends and family come together. The furniture pieces you choose for your gathering spaces can make a big difference when it comes to welcoming guests and encouraging a comfortable atmosphere. To inspire you in creating your own ideal gathering…
With the weather heating up and sunny summer days on the horizon, we’re feeling the call of the great outdoors—and there’s nothing better than enjoying a warm summer evening in your own backyard living room or patio oasis, throwing a backyard BBQ with your friends and showing off your grilling skills, or kicking back with…
Spring has sprung! The warmer weather is well on its way, and it’s time to open up the windows and let in the fresh air. If you’ve been hibernating all winter (we don’t blame you), it’s time to see what spring has in store, and how the season will affect your sleep! Let There Be…
Graduation season is coming up fast! If you’re the hosting type, that means there is a lot of prep to do between now and the date of your celebration. You want to impress your guests, so why not add a few new pieces to your space for the big day? We’ve got some suggestions you’re…
Winter blues got you down? You’re not alone. For many people living in the northern hemisphere, chances are January and February feel pretty glum. People living in the US, Canada, and Europe are eight times more likely to experience winter blues than those living in warm, sunny places closer to the equator. Luckily, you can…
10:00am - 11:00am Worship by This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it :: Default
It is surreal that in 2 weeks I will be getting on a plane to London, and then France! I haven't started packing yet, and really have no idea how I am going to get everything I need for the next four and a half months into 1 suitcase and a carry-on. Anyone who knows me knows that packing lightly is not my strong-suit. This will be my first challenge to overcome as I begin a semester that I'm sure will have many challenges, good and bad.
Last night I received my roommate and housing information, so that definitely makes everything seem more real. My roommate is from Colorado and studies at Gettysburg College, so it is comforting to know that she is coming from an environment similar to Marietta. She doesn't speak any French, so hopefully that will force me to really communicate with our mom in French and get some legitimate language practice in.
I also have my official class list, assuming nothing gets cancelled between now and the first day of classes:
As my final 2 weeks at home are winding down, my focus will be preparing myself with basic knowledge of French history, the history and culture of Aix en Provence, and current political issues. As an International Leadership Studies major I want to incorporate the theories and concepts I have learned in my leadership classes thus far to ease my transition.
I am so excited to be studying in France! I cannot wait to learn about the culture and people and to have all sorts of awesome experiences. I am trying to enter this new experience with a totally open mind- willing to do/try anything, and hopefully I have the time of my life! I am currently a junior at Marietta College, double-majoring in Psychology and International Leadership Studies, and minoring in Gender Studies.
McGowan Program Administrators (MPA) is America’s leading writer of innovative insurance programs. MPA is a Managing General Underwriter and Program Manager. MPA designs, administers and markets highly-specialized programs of insurance.
Latest News: October 3, 2018 October 3, 2018 - McGowan’s Active Shooter Insurance Featured in Leader’s Edge Read More
A proactive approach is foundational to a successful workplace violence mitigation program. One such strategy is a comprehensive employee assistance… Read More
We exist to help our customers enjoy a space that is comfortable and functional by doing the right thing, going beyond what’s expected. At McIntire, we feel privileged to serve customers in a way that positively impacts their lives. We keep your heating, air conditioning, and electric functioning properly so you can enjoy your space, be productive, and focus on what is important to you.
Stay warm in the winter and keep your cool when things heat up. Maintaining a comfortable home or commercial space begins with temperature control. Set it and forget it with a consultation from us.
You depend on electricity to power your day-to-day. From lighting to having enough outlets to power the things you need, we’re happy to repair, install & upgrade your electric to keep your businesses and homes up and running.
How can we help you? If you are looking for a replacement system, we are happy to provide a FREE ESTIMATE.
Tax season is upon us, and Arnstein & Lehr’s Chicago partner Robert McKenzie helps shed some light on new rules for offshore foreign account filing. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act’s (FATCA) was passed in 2010 after Congress discovered the…
Robert E. McKenzie is a Chicago tax lawyer who represents people with IRS problems. If you need help, contact him today, (312) 876-6927.
Your communication through this website, or by other means, does not create an attorney-client relationship between us. Please do not disclose any confidential information to us through this website, or otherwise, because we will have no obligation to keep that information confidential unless and until a formal attorney-client relationship is established with you. Disclaimer
This strong and absorbent multipurpose cloth works with most solvents. It is designed to protect your hands from heat and metal scraps.
Please not close this windows, If you do not have to upload response time, make sure you upload files less than 20M
Normaly you can't use USB screens for accelerated graphics. It's betther to use a mini screen with a VGA connector. You can get those for example here :
The big secret is not so secret. Are you ready for it? You get a list of things you need to do and you do them. Bam! Secret is out.
The days when I’m productive, when I know what I need to do and I do those things, I feel confident. The days where I piddle around, spin my wheels, and question everything all day long– look at Facebook a few more times, refresh my Twitter feed a few more times, I start to get doubtful and fearful about what I’m doing.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
It’s obvious what needs to be done, I just have to keep doing it. Here’s a quick snapshot of my AIUX course progress. The rows in green are the course videos that I’ve recorded. Everything below that is on deck.
I’ll have the rough cut of all these completed by June 30th. That’s twelve days from the time of this post. I’ll be testing the videos soon afterwards with a select group from the AIUX alpha list.
Meachers Global Logistics Limited (“we“, “our” and “us“) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This notice (and any other documents referred to in it) set out the basis on which any personal data, which we collect about you, that you provide to us or that we have received from a third party source, will be processed by us.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from partners’, advertisers’, affiliates’ and social network sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check their privacy policies before you submit any personal data to those websites as they may not be on the same terms as ours.
If you have questions about correcting or deleting your personal data please refer to sections 3 and 8 below.
References in this notice to “data protection law” mean (as applicable) the Data Protection Act 1998 (and subsequent legislation), the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and all related data protection legislation having effect in the United Kingdom from time to time.
References in this notice to “data or “information” include “sensitive personal data” and “special categories of data” (as defined under data protection law) where applicable.
The following sections explain what information we hold about you, why we are processing that information, the legal basis for the processing, the duration for which we keep your information and (if applicable) who your information will be shared with and where those recipients are based.
As a user of our website: This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, request marketing information and when you report a problem with our site. The personal data within this information you give us may include your name, address, email address, phone number.
This is information that you give us when you become a customer of Meachers Global Logistics or when you make an enquiry. It will include name, email address, phone number and the nature of your enquiry, bank details and financial records.
In respect of other third parties whose personal data we might collect, this may usually be your name, email address, phone number and possibly your home address or work address.
Like most other website operators, we collect non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available. This includes technical information, such as your IP address and your login information and information about your visit, such as records of how you navigate the pages on our site and how you interact with the pages.
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; and
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and possibly to deliver relevant advertising to you on our site.
Where you are a private individual, the processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us. This includes where you have instructed us to take some pre-contractual steps (such as providing you with a quotation) prior to us formalising the contract;
where you are a named contact for a corporate customer, supplier or contractor or other third party contact, because we have a legitimate interest in communicating with you to arrange and/or administer the performance of the contract between us and your employer or principal. In accordance with our obligations under data protection law, we have carefully weighed up your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms against our interest to process your information and we are satisfied that we are justified in processing your information for this purpose;
the processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person;
in respect of direct marketing to businesses, we have a legitimate interest to send such marketing communications to you. In accordance with our obligations under data protection law, we have carefully weighed up your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms against our interest to process your information and we are satisfied that we are justified in processing your information for this purpose.
We only keep your information for so long as it is reasonably necessary. When setting our data retention periods, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information we hold, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of the information and the purposes for which we process the information (including whether we can achieve those purposes by other means). We also take into account our other legal obligations to keep or securely dispose of personal information.
In respect of information collected through our website and from any potential customers or tenants making enquiries – 12 months;
In respect of other third party business information – for so long as is reasonably expected given the nature of our contact with you.
There may be instances where we need to keep your information for a longer period then we will notify you of the reason and grounds for doing so. This may be the case, for example, where a dispute arises in respect of the contractual relationship between us.
Your personal information is not shared with anyone except where we are required to do so to comply with the law, to protect our rights and operate our usual business practices, or to improve and expand our products and services. Further details are given in the rest of this clause.
In order to achieve the purpose(s) set out in section 2.3 above, we may share your data with the following people or group of people:
Third party marketing companies who provide us with outsourced marketing services, including MailChimp. Such information is currently hosted within ACT CRM on our servers.
Our outsourced IT providers (including but not limited to our Quayside Security system is hosted externally by Fastnet) may have access to your personal data on our IT systems if such access is required to enable them to resolve problems with our systems. In certain circumstances they may require access to unencrypted data, for example when we need to troubleshoot an issue with your account on our computer system. Our IT providers are subject to strict contractual obligations to treat your personal information with the utmost sensitivity, to keep it confidential and to comply with data protection law at all times.
our legal advisers, our insurers or other professional advisers, if necessary to defend claims, protect our rights, or receive advice on compliance with the law. Such transfers will be protected by confidentiality obligations owed by our advisers.
Regulatory or other statutory or other government body with whom we are required to share personal data.
potential purchasers of our business, subject to those persons entering into strict confidentiality obligations with us and only to the extent permissible under data protection law.
In addition, please be aware that your personal data may be stored on the following systems which are hosted on our servers, located in the UK;
Subject to clause 2.11 below, to the best of our knowledge, understanding and belief, your information will not be transferred outside of the European Economic Area or to any country which is not approved by the European Commission. If this changes then we will let you know.
Where there is an international element to our contract with you, we may need to transfer your personal data outside of the EEA (depending on the final location of our service provision). If this final location is outside of the EEA or is not a country authorised by the EU as having appropriate safeguards in place in respect of data protection, we will rely on the derogation under Article 49(1) (b) where the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between you (the data subject) and us.
the right to access a copy of your information which we hold. This is called a ‘subject access request’. Additional details on how to exercise this right are set out in section 5, below;
the right to prevent us processing your information for direct marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting us using the details set out in section 8, below;
the right, in certain circumstances, to have your information rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed if it is inaccurate; and
the right, in certain circumstances, to claim compensation for damages caused by us breaching data protection law.
enhanced rights to request that we erase, rectify, cease processing and/or delete your information; and
in certain circumstances, the right to request the information we hold on you in a machine readable format so that you can transfer it to other services. This right is called ‘data portability’. Additional details on how to exercise this right are set out in section 5, below.
You also have the general right to complain to us (in the first instance) and to the Information Commissioner’s Office (if you are not satisfied by our response) if you have any concerns about how we hold and process your information. Our contact details are set out in section 8, below. The Information Commissioner’s Office website is ico.org.uk.
For further information on your rights under data protection law and how to exercise them, you can contact Citizens Advice Bureau (citizensadvice.org.uk) or the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk).
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit and provide you with a personalised service. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html .
Visitors to our site who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our site. This will mean that some features of our site may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Under data protection law you can exercise your right of access by making a written request to receive copies of some of the information we hold on you. You must send us proof of your identity, or proof of authority if making the request on behalf of someone else, before we can supply the information to you. Requests should be sent to us using the contact details in section 8 below.
no longer have to pay a £10 fee unless you are requesting copies of documents you already possess, in which case we may charge our reasonable administrative costs. We will also be allowed to charge you for our reasonable administrative costs in collating and providing you with details of the requested information which we hold about you if your request is clearly unfounded or excessive. In very limited circumstances, we are also entitled to refuse to comply with your request if it is particularly onerous; and
in certain circumstances, be entitled to receive the information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable form.
We will always store your digital information on secure servers. Unfortunately, however, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site or otherwise to our servers (such as by email). Any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
This notice was last updated on 21 May 2018. Any material changes we may make to our privacy notice in the future will be uploaded to our website. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy notice are welcomed and should be addressed to Noel Fensome by email to nfensome@meachersglobal.com
RT @HighwaysEAST: 2 lanes (of 3) are closed on the #M1 northbound between J14 near #MiltonKeynes and J15 due to a collision and a large die… 5 hours ago
Dutch Customs launches new simplified e-commerce declaration called VENUE to keep growing volumes of smaller shipments moving smoothly through Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Wednesday, 14th September 2016 – As a solution to growing volumes of smaller shipments, Dutch Customs has teamed up with the Schiphol cargo community to launch a new simplified e-commerce declaration called […]
Polmans pledges to focus on improved industry collaboration, starting with TIACA’s 2016 Air Cargo Forum (ACF) in Paris this October Miami, USA, Wednesday, 7th September 2016 – Steven Polmans, Head of Cargo at Brussels Airport Company (BAC), has been appointed to TIACA’s Board of Directors. Polmans pledged to continue encouraging greater collaboration across the supply […]
Mallory brings decades of international sales experience to help with the company’s growth and acquisition strategies Memphis, Tennessee, Wednesday, 31st August 2016 – Robert “Bob” E. Mallory has been appointed Chief Administrative Officer for supply chain specialist Mallory Alexander International Logistics. Based at the company headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee Bob E. Mallory will focus on […]
Miami, FL, USA, Thursday, 25th August 2016 – Doug Brittin, Secretary General since 2013, has advised the Board of Directors that he will retire at the end of this year. A selection committee, under the direction of Sebastiaan Scholte of Jan de Rijk Logistics has been established and has commenced the process to review and recruit […]
Hamburg, Germany, Thursday, 25th August 2016 – HANSA HEAVY LIFT has transported five pipe racks and three modules, weighing a total of 1,871.51 metric tonnes and measuring 24,075 m³, for a new floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) unit off the coast of Brazil. With the heaviest piece weighing 730 metric tonnes, the cargo was loaded […]
Miami, USA, Monday, 25th July, 2016: Denis Choumert, Chairman of the European Shippers’ Council (ESC), has been appointed to The International Air Cargo Association (TIACA) Board of Directors. Choumert has held high-level operational roles in engineering and project management, as well as procurement, transport and logistics with both the Technip and Italcementi Groups in a […]
EMEA Supply Chain and Logistics Summit and Expo amongst the shows to join the Multimodal family London, UK, Thursday, 21st July 2016 – Multimodal owner Clarion Events Ltd has boosted its supply chain and logistics portfolio with the acquisition of three global supply chain conferences and exhibitions from Industry Dynamics. The shows include the EMEA […]
Cargo volumes at Schiphol reached 796,801 tonnes for the first six months of 2016, a 1.6% year-on-year growth, with June figures reaching 135,528 tonnes, a 2.5% year-on-year growth Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Monday, 18th July 2016: Schiphol Cargo has seen cargo volumes grow over the first six months of the year, with a particularly strong April […]
Worldwide Information Network (WIN) customers can boost efficiency with WIN Mobile and own-brand a version of the app to provide secure shipment visibility to their end-customers Bangkok, Thailand , Tuesday, 5th July 2016 – WIN has launched a new mobile application platform to give independent forwarders a mobile edge. The app features real-time track and trace, […]
IJS Global GEFCO UK has been granted a WDA by the Medicines & Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and demonstrates best practice in the Life Sciences and Healthcare industry London, UK, Monday, July 4th 2016 – IJS Global GEFCO UK has been granted a Wholesale Dealer Authorisation (WDA) by the UK Regulatory Body, the MHRA, for […]
Onforio has three decades of experience in the transport industry and will help manage the company’s global growth program Memphis, Tennessee, Thursday, 30th June 2016 – Claudio Onofrio has been appointed Vice President of Global Business Development for supply chain specialist Mallory Alexander International Logistics. Based in Dallas, Texas, Onofrio will oversee business development opportunities […]
Industry leaders and legislators from across the globe will meet at the Air Cargo Forum (ACF) to discuss the fallout from last week’s Brexit vote. Read about this and more news and views from TIACA in our latest newsletter, by clicking on the image below.
HANSA HEAVY LIFT has transported four rubber-tyred gantry cranes (RTGs) from Odessa, Ukraine to Damietta, Egypt Hamburg, Germany, Monday, 20th June 2016 – HANSA HEAVY LIFT has transported four RTG cranes on behalf of deugro (Finland) Oy, each measuring 29.0m x 12.0m x 24.0m and weighing 132 metric tonnes, from Ukraine to Egypt. The global tramp […]
Amadrah International Freight Forwarding named Iran member for the exclusive network of independent freight forwarders London, UK, Thursday, 16th June 2016 – Amadrah International Freight Forwarding has been appointed Iran member for The WACO System. Founded in 2011, the Tehran-headquartered forwarder offers global supply chain solutions, with operations out of Tehran Imam Khomeini International Airport […]
Global Shippers’ Forum (GSF) to hold practical workshops as shippers take center stage for Air Cargo Forum (ACF) speaker line up Miami, USA, Thursday, 16th June 2016 – The Global Shippers’ Forum (GSF) will welcome shippers from across the globe, and host a series of practical workshops at the Air Cargo Forum (ACF), from 26th to […]
The supply chain specialist has a full Customs License for its new Houston base Memphis, Tennessee, USA, Wednesday, 15th June 2016 – Mallory Alexander International Logistics has opened an office in Houston, Texas as part of ongoing expansion plans. The office, headed by Brenda Goodrich and her team, is the third location that Mallory Alexander […]
Shanghai, China, Wednesday, 15th June 2016 – Schiphol Cargo, the cargo department of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, scooped the prize for Best Airport Europe at last night’s Asian Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain (AFLAS) Awards. The annual event, organised by Asia Cargo News, recognises best-in-class across the supply chain, with a focus on industry leadership, innovation, […]
Hong Kong, Wednesday, 15th June 2016 – Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’ or the ‘Company’; Stock Code 636.HK), Asia’s leading logistics service provider, received its first ever Best 3PL award at the 2016 Asian Freight, Logistics & Supply Chain Awards (‘AFLAS’) at a ceremony held in Shanghai on 14 June. On top of this […]
House of Holland’s SS17 menswear collection was ordered directly from the catwalk thanks to a new image recognition app and fulfilled by Freight Brokers London, UK, Monday, 13th June 2016 – House of Holland pieces showcased at London Collections Men (LCM) were delivered to customers the morning after the show thanks to new visual recognition […]
Dubai, UAE, Monday, 13th June 2016 – The world’s largest cargo plane, the Antonov An-225 Mriya (AN-225), took its first voyage from Ukraine to Abu Dhabi carrying a shipment handled by Freightworks, the WACO System member for the UAE. The six-engine, 600-tonne aircraft, which has twice the wing area of a Boeing 747, was transporting […]
London, UK, Thursday, 2nd June 2016 – Schiphol Cargo, the cargo department of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, has appointed Meantime Communications as its PR agency following a competitive pitch process. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is Europe’s third largest cargo gateway, connected to 322 scheduled destinations in 95 countries and served by 103 scheduled passenger airlines and 31 scheduled […]
Cool Chain Association calls for closer collaboration with shippers to combat global food wastage in the cool chain
Delegates at the Cool Chain Association (CCA)’s Perishables Summit pledge to work with shippers and other stakeholders to reduce food was in the cool chain by at least 10% by 2025. Luxembourg, Wednesday, 1st June 2016 – The Cool Chain Association (CCA) has called for closer collaboration with shippers and other stakeholders in the fight against […]
Hong Kong, Wednesday, 1st June 2016 – Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), Asia’s leading logistics service provider, today completed its US acquisition of a majority stake in Apex Maritime and its affiliated companies (‘APEX’). Headquartered in South San Francisco, APEX was founded in 1990 and is the top three NVOCC (Non-vessel […]
Brussels, Belgium, Thursday, 26th May 2016 – Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), Asia’s leading logistics service provider, has appointed Daniel Hegwein as the new Managing Director for Belgium and the Netherlands. Effective immediately, Mr Hegwein will oversee the company’s activities in the Benelux region from the Kerry Logistics office at Brussels […]
Chanel Fragrances and Beauté and Ericsson amongst members announced on the first day of TIACA’s Executive Summit in Miami Miami, USA, Wednesday 25th May 2016 – Shippers from a cross-section of global industries have joined TIACA’s Shipper Advisory Committee, the Association announced at its Executive Summit (ES) today. Representatives from Chanel Fragrances and Beauté, Ericsson, and Sandvik […]
Innovation tops the agenda at ACF in Paris, France this October, as TIACA launches new one-to-one meeting scheduler for the show Miami, FL, USA, Monday 23rd May 2016 – The global air cargo industry’s leading event, the Air Cargo Forum (ACF) and Exhibition, hosted by Groupe ADP and Air France KLM Cargo, is open for […]
A record-breaking 9,021 supply chain decision makers visited over 325 exhibitors at Multimodal 2016 last week London, UK, Wednesday, 18th May 2016 – Multimodal 2016 was a record breaker for the supply chain show, with 9,021 logistics buyers visiting over 325 supply chain providers over three days at the Birmingham NEC. Multimodal’s educational programme was […]
Birmingham NEC, UK, Friday 13th May 2016 – The big ship craze appears to have spread to the short sea shipping industry serving the UK, after investment in the sector was frozen for the last few years. However, speakers at this week’s Multimodal 2016 event in Birmingham questioned whether there would be enough capacity on […]
Birmingham NEC, UK, Friday 13th May 2016 – Despite rumours about ‘tolerance’ regarding the SOLAS container weighing rules coming into effect on 1st July, there is little room for manoeuvre for most shippers. Containers which are already at sea on 1st July and need transhipment are the only (deepsea) ones which will be able to […]
Birmingham NEC, UK, Thursday 12th May 2016 – The air cargo community in the UK would be far better at influencing government aviation policy if it collaborated more closely, says Nick Platts, Head of Cargo, Heathrow. “I think that a community speaking with one voice would be an enormous benefit to the UK,” he told […]
Birmingham NEC, UK, Thursday 12th May 2016 – The UK is facing a chronic shortage of warehouse capacity as years of under-development combined with growing demand, especially from e-commerce operators, conspire to find occupiers fighting for available space. This will likely lead to considerably higher rents, according to Kevin Mofid, Director of Logistics Research at […]
Birmingham NEC, UK, Thursday 12th May 2016 – The introduction of mega vessels might be good business for the shipping lines but they are not necessarily beneficial for shippers, according to Chris Welsh, Director of Global & European Policy, Freight Transport Association (FTA). “The mega vessels reduce unit costs for shipping lines but overall supply […]
Four corner hydraulic jack system Hy-Weigh™ raises containers in situ and takes ten minutes to deploy and complete weighing County Durham, UK, 12th May 2016 – Hy-Dynamix™ has launched a new mobile container weighing solution called Hy-Weigh™, which gives digital read outs within ten minutes at point of packing. The system can weigh containers up to 35 […]
Birmingham NEC, UK, Wednesday 11th May 2016 – Driverless vehicles, 3D printing, robots operating warehouses and new forms of energy are likely to pose greater challenges to supply chains than ever before, delegates at this year’s Multimodal show in Birmingham heard. In addition, of course, there is the continued growth of e-commerce. All these factors will […]
Marks and Spencer, Peel Ports, IAG Cargo, and Agility also recognised, as record numbers of visitors attend Multimodal 2016 on its first day Birmingham NEC, UK, Wednesday 11th May 2016 – MSC Managing Director Dan Everitt was yesterday named FTA Multimodal Personality of the Year at the end of the opening day of the show, which […]
New Events Manager Ed Hubbard joins Multimodal as pre-registration breaks records for the supply chain show
Multimodal set to welcome up to 10,000 supply chain decision makers and 72 expert speakers for the three-day, free-to-attend event London, UK, Wednesday 5th May 2016 – Ed Hubbard has joined Multimodal as its new Events Manager, as the logistics show gears up to break records. Now in its ninth year, Multimodal is hosting over […]
Comprehensive logistics software solution, Forward, from Posbeyikian Butcher y Asociados, simplifies e-freight for independent freight forwarders powered by WIN Buenos Aires, Argentina, Tuesday, 3rd May 2016 – As the preferred solution in the Caribbean and Latin American markets, Forward offers customers e-Air Waybill (e-AWB) connectivity to over 90 airlines through the Worldwide Information Network (WIN)’s […]
New TIACA Position Paper calls for rights holders, service providers, and regulators to come together and adopt a multi-pronged approach Miami, USA, Thursday, 21st April 2016 – TIACA condemns the growing problem of goods that infringe Intellectual Property Rights (IPR), and calls for Customs authorities to bring together rights holders, service providers, and regulators for […]
Dutch Ministry of Health awards GDP certificate because IJS Global GEFCO NL demonstrates best practice in the Life Sciences and Healthcare industry Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Monday, 18th April 2016 – IJS Global GEFCO Netherlands (NL) has been awarded a Good Distribution Practice (GDP) certificate by the Dutch Ministry of Health, with immediate effect. The internationally-recognised […]
Hong Kong and New Delhi, India, Wednesday 13 April 2016 – Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’ or the ‘Company’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, announces it has entered into memorandum of understanding to increase its stake in Indev Logistics Pvt. Ltd. (‘INDEV’), a well-established Indian logistics company headquartered in Chennai, […]
Melzie Wilson, VP Compliance for logistics provider Mallory Alexander International Logistics appointed to the committee by Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker Memphis, Tennessee, USA, Monday, 11th April 2016 – Melzie Wilson, Vice President – Compliance at Mallory Alexander International Logistics, has been appointed to the US Department of Commerce’s Advisory Committee on Supply Chain Competitiveness […]
International courier broker Freight Brokers is logistics Corporate Partner for Walpole – the unique alliance of over 170 luxury brands London, UK, Wednesday, 6 April 2016 – Freight Brokers has joined British luxury brand association Walpole as logistics Corporate Partner, beginning the partnership by handling the delivery of Walpole 2016 Yearbook, The Allure of British Luxury, […]
Alexey Isaykin will be formally inducted to the Hall of Fame at TIACA’s Executive Summit and Annual General Meeting this May Miami, USA, Tuesday, 5th April 2016 – Alexey Isaykin, President of Volga-Dnepr Group, has been inducted to the TIACA Hall of Fame. Isaykin has been President of Volga-Dnepr since 2002, during which time the organization […]
Lars J.T. Droog to head panel debate on shippers’ concerns at TIACA’s Executive Summit in May Miami, USA, Friday, 1st April 2016 – Shippers utilizing the air cargo industry will be given a voice at The International Air Cargo Association (TIACA)’s Executive Summit, which takes place from 24th to 26th May in Hollywood Beach, Florida, […]
Stream Software’s customers can now prepare their paper and/or electronic Air Waybills (e-AWBs) efficiently within their operational software and transfer data instantly. Click here to read the full story
Nabil Sultan, Emirates’ Divisional Senior Vice President, Cargo has been appointed to The International Air Cargo Association (TIACA) Board of Directors. Click here to read the full story
Cargo 2000 (C2K) has rebranded as Cargo iQ as part of a strategic transformation programme including a Smart Data Project and new certification scheme. Emirates SkyCargo is amongst the new members to join. Click here to read the full story
WCA saw record attendance at its first ever WCA Conference Week in the Middle East region. Click here to read the full story
Members of WCA will have free access to the Worldwide Information Network (WIN)’s e-AWB platform in 2016 Click here to read the full story
Workshops include updates on the new International Maritime Organization (IMO) container weighing regulations and the European Union (EU) Union Customs Code Click here to read the full story
SESAR Deployment Manager today showcased the highlights of the upcoming Deployment Programme 2016 (DP 2016) at the World ATM Congress. Click here to read the full story
The global tramp carrier has successfully installed a bioWAVE energy unit to help with construction of a new wave power plant. Click here to read the full story.
SESAR Deployment Manager congratulates winners of first Single European Sky Awards & receives a special mention
SESAR Deployment Manager congratulates the five winners of the Single European Sky Awards and is very proud to have received a special mention for establishing the first partnership for deploying SESAR Solutions from the European Commission. Click here to read the full story
SESAR Deployment Manager (SDM) and the European Organisation for Civil Aviation Equipment (EUROCAE) have today signed a Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC). Click here to read the full story
On the first day of the World Air Traffic Management (ATM) Congress, SESAR Deployment Manager kicks off with some key figures on deployment happening today. Click here to read the full story
Lars J.T. Droog, Head of EMEA Supply Chain at Tosoh to chair the new group Click here to read the full story
Reality TV star Rosie Fortescue is launching her second jewellery range and relying on Freight Brokers to safely manage deliveries Click here to read the full story.
Frank Newman, Managing Director, FedEx Services, has been appointed to the International Air Cargo Association (TIACA) Board of Directors. Click here to read the full story
Multimodal 2016 seminar line-up announced as on-line voting for the FTA Multimodal awards opens Click here to read the full story
Chapman Freeborn and Cargoguide are first to join The WACO System as Associate Vendors Click here to read the full story
New Senior Advisor role to help grow the global tramp carrier’s presence in the offshore and transportation and installation (T&I) sectors Click here to read the full story
Logistics provider Gebrüder Weiss will represent Croatia, Serbia, Slovenia, and Slovakia for the network Click here to read the full story
British eyewear specialist Finlay & Co. to launch 2016 collection and first optical range with help from Freight Brokers Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’ or the ‘Company’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, is pleased to announce that construction has commenced on Phase Four of the expansion at Kerry Siam Seaport (KSSP) in Laem Chabang, Thailand, as it continues to develop the facility into a key cargo gateway for […]
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, was presented with the Outstanding Global Logistics Network Award at the Quamnet Outstanding Enterprise Awards (‘QOEA’) 2015. Click here to read the full story.
Cargo 2000 Board announces new role during Amsterdam meeting and agrees next steps for brand relaunch and change program Click here to read the full story
SESAR Deployment Manager and European Investment Bank join forces in support of Single European Sky Initiative
Today, Vice-President of the European Investment Bank (EIB) Pim van Ballekom and Managing Director of the SESAR Deployment Manager (SDM) Massimo Garbini signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to reinforce and expand cooperation between the two organisations. Click here to read the full story
Womenswear label Paloma Blue to launch a new collection in February 2016 and eyes international expansion working with Freight Brokers Click here to read the full story.
Get 20% off Charlotte Simone in this edition of the Freight Brokers newsletter, or read about expansion plans at Paloma Blue and what the new year has in store for Finery London by clicking on the image below.
Online registration system for free-to-attend exhibition and seminars uses social media to maximise networking opportunities. Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Wins Concession to Operate Inland Ports in Myanmar to Strengthen Footprints in the Greater Mekong Region
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’ or the ‘Company’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, announced that its subsidiary, KLN (Singapore) Pte Ltd, has been awarded concession to operate inland ports in Yangon and Mandalay, two major commercial cities in Myanmar. Click here to read the full story.
HHL New York and HHL Amazon successfully navigated the western boundary of the NSR through 70 cm ice and extreme weather conditions to deliver project cargo to Russia. Click here to read the full story.
Kwang-Soo Lee, VP Marketing for South Korea’s Seoul-Incheon International Airport becomes 15th member of TIACA Board. Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’ or the ‘Company’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, opened its first IT Development Centre in Penang, Malaysia today, to harness internet technology in support of its rapidly growing international operations. Click here to read the full story.
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, has been honoured with the Hong Kong Corporate Governance Excellence Awards 2015, jointly presented by The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies and the Centre for Corporate Governance and Financial Policy, Hong Kong Baptist University. Click here to […]
Ram Menen joins new global Supervisory Board for the world’s largest network of independent forwarders, WCA Click here to read the full story
Cloud ERP provider Softlink Global offers full e-AWB connectivity to over 90 airlines powered by WIN
Logistics software provider Softlink Global facilitates e-freight for independent forwarders using the Worldwide Information Network (WIN) online platform Click here to read the full story
HANSA HEAVY LIFT expands global office network in Latin America and the Middle East and appoints new commercial agent Click here to read the full story
Read about Freight Brokers’ new customer Body Editions, gain fashion tips from Eric Musgrave, and take part in our silent auction in aid of a good cause by clicking on the below image.
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, was presented with the International Award at the DHL/SCMP Hong Kong Business Awards 2015. Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, has appointed Dave Gaughan Managing Director in the UK, based at its UK headquarters in Manchester. Click here to read the full story
SESAR Deployment Manager: EU support for better air traffic management project given the green light today
The Innovation and Networks Executive Agency (INEA) today gave the green light to a key project to improve the management of the European airspace. Click here to read the full story
New venue at the Birmingham NEC’s Vox Conference Centre and new categories announced for the gala dinner on 10th May 2016 Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, was named Asian 3PL of the Year at the Supply Chain Asia Awards 2015 (the ‘Awards’) held in Singapore on 19 November 2015. Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, has won the Maritime Logistics Award at the 8th Seatrade Maritime Awards Asia 2015 (the ‘Awards’) held on 16 November 2015 at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. Click here to read the full story
Global freight management network The WACO System has grown by two new members and signed a global strategic partnership deal with Qatar Airways. Click here to read the full story
Wholesale courier broker Freight Brokers is managing international Time Critical, sample, and Production shipments for up-and-coming British fashion brand Body Editions. Click here to read the full story
HANSA HEAVY LIFT has successfully transported three tugboats each weighing 507 metric tons from Rotterdam, The Netherlands, to Johor, Malaysia. Click here to read the full story
SESAR Deployment Manager (SDM) surveyed the European Air Traffic Management (ATM) industry on their intentions to submit Pilot Common Project (PCP) related projects in the upcoming Connecting European Facility (CEF) Transport Calls for Proposals 2015. Click here to read the full story
Cargo 2000 (C2K) Working Group meets in Vienna to kick offrevision of its Door–to–Door specification Click here to read the full story
A one-to-one speed networking system called CargoLinX will facilitate over 1000 meetings during two days at next year’s ACF Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, has appointed Thomas Blank as its new Managing Director of Europe with effect immediately. Click here to read the full story
Kerry Logistics Crowned Global Logistics Provider of the Year for Second Year Running at Payload Asia Awards
Kerry Logistics Network Limited (‘Kerry Logistics’; Stock Code 636.HK), a leading logistics service provider in Asia, has been named the Global Logistics Provider of the Year (Industry Choice) and also received the X Factor Award (Customer Choice) at the Payload Asia Awards 2015. Click here to read the full story
Air Cargo Vision 2020 theme for Paris ACF next October 26th to 28th 2016 Click here to read the full story
Does bigger always mean better? Find out what shippers think about box shipping here: https://t.co/9P7TNNMvAQ https://t.co/cT6ESRNSTW 9 hours ago
Airfreight rates on the transpacific and Asia-Europe lanes continue to improve in October. To know more about the n… https://t.co/cUmKxQYAGl 4 days ago
Cargo sensors, smart warehouses and drone deliveries are few examples of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that can be u… https://t.co/9KSv26WkM2 5 days ago
Adult Novelty products are intended for use by ADULTS!. If you are under 18, and have arrived at this website, we ask you to please find more appropriate material to view.
Bottom line: If health and fitness tracking is your priority, opt for a dedicated fitness tracker that gives you basic time and date information but includes the essentials of health tracking - accelerometer and altimeter, heart rate monitor and GPS chip to track distance and location. Carefully consider your exercise habits to match them to the right fitness tracker.
Having a miniature computer strapped around your wrist is no longer a pipe dream. The Apple Watch and other options from popular manufacturers, like Fitbit, Samsung, LG, and Fossil, have been gunning to craft the best smartwatch. Now a few years more mature, the smartwatch market offers more than ever, whether you’re after a particular style, iOS and Android phone compatibility, or just a bunch of features.
At the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show, Razer released the Nabu Watch, a dual-screen smartwatch: integrates an always-on illuminated backlit display, that takes care of some pretty standard features as date and time, and a second OLED screen, which is activated by raising your wrist, allows access to extra smart features.[80] Luxury watchmaker TAG Heuer released TAG Heuer Connected, a smartwatch powered by Android Wear.[81]
But smartwatches have the innovation advantage these days as most companies making such devices try to develop features that competitors don't have. As a result, fitness trackers have become a bit stale. And after wearing the new Charge 3 for nearly two weeks to see how well Fitbit's gentle marriage of smartwatch and tracker features turned out, it seems the form factor remains radically unchanged—but that's not a bad thing in practice.
Being able to customize the watch faces and layouts, made the Series 3 a shoo-in for our list of best smart watches. Much like you can customize the homescreen on your iPhone, you can change the layout of apps and even display the weather. While you can’t opt for third-party designs, you do have 12 different watch faces to play with. Tinker with color schemes, add or remove widgets (called “complications” on the app), and decide whether you want to have all twelve faces available on your watch (we always like having options), or cut back.
As you’d expect, it has GPS and GLONASS alongside a heart rate monitor to bolster its fitness credentials. Other features include offline Spotify support, which is great for anyone who wants music without having to carry along their phone. Tizen is currently the only watch operating system to offer offline Spotify, too. Unfortunately, Tizen app support is otherwise lacking compared to rivals.
For a device that gives you more of the functionality you enjoy with your smartphone, you’ll want to opt for a dedicated smartwatch. The leading players at the moment are the Apple Watch for iPhone users and the Samsung Gear S3 for those with Android phones. Apple Watch has its own operating system, Samsung employs its Tizen OS, and a host of other smartwatches use the Google Wear operating system.
The LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live, and Motorola Moto 360—the Android Wear models—have intuitive color touchscreen interfaces and were judged easiest to interact with. The Martian Notifier, Cookoo 2, and MetaWatch M1, which have push-button navigation, were determined to be the most difficult to use. In particular, the Cookoo 2's buttons were very hard to press.
The Gear S3 also offers a dual-core Exynos 7270 processor, 768MB of RAM, and 4GB of storage. The watch also features sensors such as GPS, NFC, and even optional LTE. The standout features, though, include Samsung Pay (on any smartphone) and the rotating bezel. The Gear S3 is a pretty big watch, though, coming in at 12.9mm thick with a 46mm diameter.
As far as the number of sports available to track: while it's more of the same, there are some notable exclusions - like golf tracking and open water swimming (pool swimming is a there though). Heart rate monitoring is decent if not class-leading, and it won't keep you waiting around for a GPS signal. There's also all the stress tracking goodies from Garmin's fitness trackers, too. As multi-sport smartwatches go, this is the best in our eyes, and builds on all the good work Garmin did with its previous iterations.
Other reviewers also like the Q watches. Simon Hill at Digital Trends writes that the Q Explorist is “an attractive smartwatch to use with an Android phone that will blend in at work or play at an affordable price,” and that, aside from the Apple Watch and the Gear Sport (for Samsung phone owners), the Q Explorist “compares favorably with the rest of the field.” Gerald Lynch at TechRadar summarizes the Venture as “a sharp-looking, comfortable smartwatch with a great display and responsive processor,” but knocks it for lacking GPS and a heart-rate monitor. Matthew Miller at ZDNet believes the Explorist and Venture are “priced fairly for nice looking fashion watches that also serve as smartwatches.”
If you don’t need your smartwatch to look business-casual, you want more fitness and exercise features than our top pick, or you’re a Samsung loyalist, the Samsung Gear Sport is a better pick for you. (You can use the Gear Sport with non-Samsung phones, but doing so requires that you install at least four apps.) The Gear Sport handles all the casual notification and message-triage functions of a smartwatch about as well as our top pick—with the exception of voice transcription—but it adds heart-rate monitoring, GPS tracking, swim tracking, and built-in reminders to move throughout the day. It doesn’t do all of these things perfectly, but it does just enough to make for a generally useful smartwatch, with great battery life and a clever interface.
Tizen is a Linux-based operating system for devices, including smartphones/tablets, in-vehicle infotainment (IVI) devices, smart TVs, laptops/desktops and other platforms. Tizen is a project within the Linux Foundation and is governed by a Technical Steering Group (TSG) composed of Samsung and Intel among others. Samsung released the Samsung Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo, Samsung Gear S, Samsung Gear S2 and Samsung Gear S3 running Tizen.[86]
While internal hardware varies, most have an electronic visual display, either backlit LCD or OLED or Hologram.[4] Some use transflective or electronic paper, to consume less power. Most have a rechargeable battery. Peripheral devices may include digital cameras, thermometers, accelerometers, pedometers, heart rate monitors, altimeters, barometers, compasses, GPS receivers, tiny speakers, and SD cards, which are recognized as storage devices by many other kinds of computers.
If you like traditional analog watches and want just a few smart features, the Cookoo 2 might be more appealing than its more full-featured rectangular competitors. Behind its hands is a monochrome display that delivers basic notifications: incoming calls (with Caller ID), missed calls, texts, e-mail, social media alerts (for WhatsApp, Line, QQ, WeChat, Skype, Facebook, Twitter), and calendar alerts. Just bear in mind that it's a very basic smartwatch, with little configurability.
Pebble (watch) was an innovative smartwatch that raised the most money at the time on Kickstarter reaching $10.3 Million between April 12 and May 18, 2012. The watch has a 32-millimetre (1.26 in) 144 × 168 pixel black and white memory LCD using an ultra low-power "transflective LCD" manufactured by Sharp with a backlight, a vibrating motor, a magnetometer, ambient light sensors, and a three-axis accelerometer.[47][48][49][50][51] It can communicate with an Android or iOS device using both Bluetooth 2.1 and Bluetooth 4.0 (Bluetooth Low Energy) using Stonestreet One's Bluetopia+MFi software stack.[52] Bluetooth 4.0 with low energy (LE) support was not initially enabled, but a firmware update in November 2013 enabled it.[53] The watch is charged using a modified USB-cable that attaches magnetically to the watch to maintain water resistance capability.[49] The battery was reported in April 2012 to last seven days.[54] Based on feedback from Kickstarter backers, the developers added water-resistance to the list of features.[55] The Pebble has a waterproof rating of 5 atm, which means it can be submerged down to 40 metres (130 ft) and has been tested in both fresh and salt water, allowing one to shower, dive or swim while wearing the watch.[56]
I’ve worn a smartwatch almost daily for nearly five years as of this writing. I often feel that it keeps me alert to what’s happening, especially for things like texts from my wife and close friends, alarms that a parking meter is nearly expired, or reminders that dinner needs to start marinating or roasting. It has also encouraged me to get moving and take a walk when I’d otherwise stay in place. Sometimes it has made me feel rude, distracted, or overly attached to whatever little blip comes next. It has come in handy on my bike, and it has distracted me when I’m driving my car. Some of this can be better handled through settings and filters, but some of it comes from human nature.
Overall, the updated lower price makes the Huawei Watch 2 a much better prospect if you’re in the market for a smartwatch, especially if you’re an Android user. While Wear OS smartwatches will work with iPhones, the experience is more limited compared to pairing with Android. For this reason, if you’re an iPhone user for whom money is no problem, then we’d still recommend opting for an Apple Watch.
Disclosure: This post is brought to you by the Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Want to get in touch? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com.
The TicWatch E uses outdated processors and arrives very late in the lifespan of this version of Wear OS—with a new Qualcomm chip arriving in early September, there’s not a compelling reason to invest in an Android smartwatch from a lesser-known vendor right now. Beyond that, although it packs in a lot of features for less than $150, including onboard GPS, a heart-rate monitor, and a light-adjusting display, the TicWatch E looks and feels toylike, with an all-plastic body, matte silicone strap, and undistinguished look. It also has a single, non-turning button, which makes it less usable with the latest Wear OS interface. It runs Wear OS fairly well on its budget-minded processor, but Wear OS running even at its intended responsiveness is still not that exciting. The TicWatch E is not a bad budget entry as far as Android Wear watches go, but a better budget smartwatch, probably from the TicWatch’s own maker, is likely in the making.
You can also use devices that support the Google Wear operating system in conjunction with an iPhone as well as a Samsung Gear device that runs Samsung’s own Tizen operating system. But Google Wear and Tizen devices are designed to pair with smartphones using the Android OS, so you won’t get full functionality when pairing with an iPhone. For instance, some Android smartwatches carry Samsung’s smartwatch line-up and naturally enough, work best with Samsung smartphones, but are still compatible with Android-powered Huawei or Nokia phones.
The operating system you choose depends solely on the type of smartphone you have because the smart watch is paired with your smartphone. If you own an Android smartphone, your smart watch should have Android Wear or Tizen. If you own an iPhone, choose an Apple Watch. For example, the Samsung Gear S3 runs Tizen and is compatible with both the Android and iPhone.
Drew Chatman was disqualified after his opponent knocked himself out, and he used him as a springboard to do a somersault.
This dude is nicknamed "The Honorable". I'm guessing he'll probably have a new nickname after this. I'm really not sure what he was thinking.
After Chatman had his leg swept out from under him, his opponent dropped to throw a hammer fist. Chatmas pulled his knee up, and his opponent was left unconscious.
As Chatman got up, he stepped onto his opponents back, and proceeded to cut a somersault. Landing on the ground next to the unconscious man.
© World of Warcraft and Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. wowcr.net is in no way associated Blizzard Entertainment.
WOAH! Your.. 12 and your level is.. 24?! You're really lucky no wonder your username is lucky lily xD Add me!! I'm Francessa x I am level 8, VIP, Judge, Celeb. In real I'm 9 (10 in August, 2013).
Hey Lucky Lily i used to have msp but i deleted it has been half a year so yh.But plzz look at my blog its called Rosie4227msp.blogspot.co.uk Thnx byee
Hey Im Emily aka Lucky Lily, a 13 year old active player on Movie Star Planet, so I created a blog to express all the fun times and happiness I have experienced on this site with all of my friends and fans:') I also play a site called IMVU which I no longer share my username for, thanks for reading :*
Zenya; I just love and adore you. You make me laugh, make me smile, we chill, we just, do everything together. I've never met anyone like you and I just love you so much<3
So yesterday night it was brought to my attention that this youtube video was realised (watch then read the rest of this post) http://w...
Are you sick of looking the same as everyone else girls? Do you want to try something new and make it you're own? Well recently I'v...
This blog is subject to copyright and can only be edited by Emily. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
Your list has reached the maximum number of items. Please create a new list with a new name; move some items to a new or existing list; or delete some items.
Note: Citations are based on reference standards. However, formatting rules can vary widely between applications and fields of interest or study. The specific requirements or preferences of your reviewing publisher, classroom teacher, institution or organization should be applied.
You are not connected to the Loyola University Libraries network. Access to online content and services may require you to authenticate with your library. Off-Campus Access Login
Please choose whether or not you want other users to be able to see on your profile that this library is a favorite of yours.
This is a story about a family with two mothers; it shares some of the problems they run into, Patricia Polacco does a great job in showing an untraditional family.
You may have already requested this item. Please select Ok if you would like to proceed with this request anyway.
Well as I've discovered them! These three questions (and my normal answers) are based on what I get asked consistently when I'm presenting or facilitating a session about Strategic Planning, 'the future of...', and how societies might look five, ten or twenty years from now: Question One - 'What is the most important thing to know about the future?'
My Answer: 'That there will be one!' Now that might sound a bit obvious and please appreciate the answer for what it entails. The reality for most people is that they do NOT take the future into any real consideration and as such, make choices and take actions that will not help them to get the kind of life they would rather have.
Question Two - 'What is the future of (enter subject here, i.e technology, company, industry sector, country, lifestyle...). My Answer: 'That all things known right now, it is likely to seem very similar to what it is now, even IF it is fundamentally different than what it is right now.' This answer reflects how we as a species generally approach the idea of change. Prior to the change we wail at the clouds, wring our hands and scream to the wind. And then the change happens, we experience a period of somewhat uncomfortable adjustment (or as more often happens, 'no noticeable adjustment') and get on with life. Usually, 'five minutes' later we are already experiencing the new normal. We are a far more flexible species than we give ourselves credit for, something many leaders seem to ignore.
Question Three - 'Why are there no flying cars like you futurists promised years ago?' My Answer: Because when there is a simpler solution, the simpler solution will alway win out. My answer here takes a not so gentle swipe at people who like to make things more complex than they need to be. So if you plan to design a future, look to include the least possible components that you truly need because you'll likely maximise the chances of getting what you want. Sometimes what is needed are complex solutions to complex challenges. But RARELY are complex answers the best things for SIMPLE challenges.
The Asian Productivity Organisation has shifted gears from being a centre for member countries to talk about productivity, to one that now wants to upskills its member countries. We've just completed the first chunk of helping National Productivity secretariats to ready their staff for a more proactive, future facing approach to their Country's development
The question is, 'how does the thinking inside this document stack up?' Turns out, pretty good. What we spotted and what problems we said we'd have to watch out for, are just about spot on
it’s OK not to know your career path when you leave university – sometimes that won’t emerge until much later down the track,” Barber says. “We should remind kids that the pathway they select to start off with is unlikely to be their final pathway,
Hardcover book by The Quecreek Miners. The rescued miners tell the story of the "77 hours that tested our friendship and our faith." As told to Jeff Goodell.
The Monument for Life Memorial Park is open daily from dawn to dusk, weather permitting. We request a $7.00 per person fee for admission to the Educational Visitors Center and Memorial Park.
The official registration and financial information of Quecreek Mine Rescue Foundation may be obtained from the
Masala idlis remind me of one of the pushcart idli shops in Jayanagar, Blr where there wd be a huge crowd. The shop guys used to make yummy Masala idlis and softtttt rice idlis. Very nice posting.
All moms are alike i guess, cos my mom made me eat methi by preparing methi parathas!!Your green phulka looks tempting.
Yeah i just second Pj coz we too make methi parathas like this.The recipe is almost same with just a difference ,tht we add methi leaves instead of spinach
Tempting and healthy.Mine always comes out a bit drier.also I am no good in rolling /shaping.always love this.
di palak roti looking very tempting. and lovely color. That is what I was making that day when I told u m making poori n sabji. delicious entry.
Oh man, I made this the other day and forgot to take pictures for my blog... This is one of my absolute favorite bread recipes!
Everyone has a story to tell. An affordable way to tell your story is to create a video slideshow. A video slideshow is a photo montage of your pictures set to music. A video slideshow makes your event more spectacular and memorable. It also makes a wonderful visual keepsake for families and friends that they can pass on to younger generations. A video slideshow can tell a story from a single event to the history of an individual or organization.
Listed below are some video slideshows that can make your next event more memorable. If you have any questions about our video slideshows, please contact us.
The best video slideshow have one picture for every 3 to 5 seconds of video (12 to 20 pictures per minute). You can choose the order of the pictures and add text to introduce the sections. Dissolves and motion between pictures are included.
Each picture requires a digital file like a JPEG. If some of your pictures are not digital, you can scan them yourself or we can scan them for you for an additional fee. Our scanning includes color correction, red eye reduction and minor photo retouching.
If your video slideshow is for personal use, you can use music that you’ve purchased. Beware that using copyrighted music on commercial websites will be flagged. In commercial or corporate setting it is safer to use royal-free music. We can show you examples of music that can be purchased for use in perpetuity and that will play on commercial websites like YouTube or Facebook.
This download will play on your computer. Using the player software on your computer, you can set it to loop continuously. You can also purchase a master optical disc like a DVD or Blu-Ray.
Mediapolis, LLC is verified as a Veteran Owned Small Business by the Department of Veterans Affairs, Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE).
Mediapolis is an approved vendor as listed in the Super Bowl LII Business Connect Diversity and Inclusion Resource Guide.
select a month Home ---September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 April 2009 March 2009 December 2008 October 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 Pre-Blog News
I guess there hasn't been that much to say lately. Last weekend I ended up coming down with something nasty, which kept me in bed all day Saturday, feeling like crap Sunday, and back in bed (after two hours of work) on Monday.
So my ex-girlfriend and another friend of ours are now engaged - the same two people who we set up on a blind date in April. Scary. I could be mean and post the contents of some e-mails from after their second data, but I think I'll wait until they are married;-)
Oh, and I quit Lexmark. Well, I gave my boss notice. I'll probably end up doing this for another couple of weeks.
Random note to Madison-area drivers. This city has a lot of bike lanes. That's good. However, they aren't only for bikes. To quote the signs, "Bicycles and right turns only". The key phrase here is RIGHT TURNS. What am I trying to say? If you're making a right turn, GET OVER. It amazes me how many people will happily make a right turn when there's a good car and a half of road between them and the curb. Not only is it confusing for people who actually *do* get over to turn left, but it blocks through traffic as well.
BTW, I still can't rip audio with my CD-RW. I talked to Dennis, who has the same drive and the same OS, and his works fine. Hrmm.
And I forgot to mention...replacing various exhaust pipes on the car cost me close to $350 today. Damn chemical reaction between iron and oxygen...
I got suckered into the little secret santa thing at work, despite the fact that I said I wasn't going to do it. Damn peer pressure.
So OS X is currently giving me a major headache. I've got my Plextor CD-RW drive in (1210S), which worked flawlessly under OS 9. Under OS X it burns and reads data fine, but digital audio extraction ('ripping') causes the entire OS to freeze - something I didn't think OS X was supposed to do. I've tried flashing the firmware on the drive, switching which SCSI bus it's on (I have two cards), adding iTunes burning support, and playing with the SCSI termination, but nothing works. What the hell can it be doing that the entire OS freezes up? I thought perhaps it was an issue with the SCSI card, but the fact that it does the same thing on both cards and burning and data both work fine leads me to believe it isn't that.
I've thought about putting on some type of "what I'm listening to now" thing here, but I never get around to it. The tunes of the moment are Badfinger's No Dice and Straight Up (DCC gold versions, of course).
DOB 2/16/79. I'm a web developer at the Wisconsin Department of Corrections. I like lots of old music, including The Who. I spend a lot of time working with computers. And my favorite TV show (when I actually decide to watch TV, that is), obviously, is The Simpsons.
In May 2002 I officially graduated from the University of Wisconsin with a BS in computer science. In 1997 (man that seems like a long time ago) I graduated from Washington Park HS. Yes, I know, that site isn't very impressive, and no, I haven't touched it for several years.
One of the best experiences I have ever had was on a trip called Western Field Studies. This is a 33 day adventure throughout the western United States. Students travel on a school bus to national parks, monuments, forests, and places of historical interest and camp out (in tents or under the stars). I was a part of trip 25, which took place in the summer of 1996. A first for WFS was we took along a laptop computer and kept up a web site. That link will take you to the 1996 site, where there is a link to the current site.
A T.V. exclusive! Christina Aguilera rocks the vote and talks about her new baby with Larry King! Wednesday, 9 p.m. ET
I could never figure out why everybody talked about spring baseball around here, when Park always played during the summer. Finally, an answer:
Prep baseball has two seasons in Wisconsin � spring and summer. According to the National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS), Iowa is the only other state in the nation to offer summer baseball.
The spring season begins in late March and runs through the second week of June. The summer season typically begins the fourth week of May and goes until the final week of July.
I've been playing the contacts game again. I've had rigid gas permeable contacts since 1993, and my pair is actually from 1993 or 1994. A few years ago I noticed my eyes were pretty red and during my yearly checkup my current eye doctor agreed to try some things to reduce the redness. He is a big fan of soft contacts, and while I wasn't thrilled with the prospect of switching, I agreed to try them. We tried 3 or 4 different pairs, but my vision wasn't as good, and my eyes were still a bit red with some of them. After giving up with that, we tried some different RGP designs, but those had problems too. Eventually we ended up with a pair that was supposed to be identical to the pair I already had, but I still wasn't comfortable with those and ended up just wearing my old pair.
Fast forward to my yearly appointment a month or two ago. We tried a bunch of different soft contacts again, but again with no success. Right now I'm trying some different RGP's again, and while my vision is mostly fine, my eyes seem to be just as red or worse. I wish I knew what the heck was going on.
I like rain. A lot. I like the sound of it falling, I like the muted look it gives things, and sometimes I even like being out in it. I love thunderstorms.
Sunday morning it was pouring, so I went out and took a look at how things were holding up. There was quite a bit of water pouring over the gutter on one side of the house, so after it stopped and cleared up a bit, I went up and cleaned that out. So far so good. I've never been happy with the downspouts, though, so after a trip to Home Depot, I started to rebuild them using PVC. Of course, it started to rain about then, so I only got two of the four done.
Then it started to rain *harder*. My PVC contraption wasn't quite working how I wanted it to, and that nasty thing called gravity was channeling a good bit of the water right to the corner of the house. With no shirt on and it coming down even harder, I went out to move the pipes around. Problem temporarily solved.
Unfortunately, ponds were still forming in various places around the house. Eventually some water started to seep in from under and around the stairs. Nothing compared to some of the disasters at the old house, but still enough to make a good sized puddle. It didn't create too much of a disaster, but now I have to figure out how to get under the stairs and have Basement Systems come out to look at things.
Blah - somehow I managed to get sick. Wednesday night I started getting drainage down my throat, and for the past couple days I've been blowing a lot and have generally felt out of it. Today was a little better than yesterday, but I stayed home both days. Hopefully I perk up soon.
Last week was my Little Rock trip. Pretty whirlwind, but it was still nice to get away. I just wish airlines designed their planes for 6'6" folks. Anyway, I took a bunch of photos which are here.
This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at jekyllrb.com
dating apps india android market looking for a husband in australian free serious dating site ibm successful men dating free online dating sites for gamers free real dating site member dating site using online check ghana dating site accra mall shopping fish 4 dating website dating apps for sextuplets naturally dating site in tanzania x men 13 latino dating services dating apps india 2015 party songs legal aid crime tinder dating site free american dating site introductions new to online dating online dating websites kathmandu nepal map best websites for plus size dating websites polish dating site sympatia portal randkowy sympatia dating site for musicians uke be2 dating site nzb dating site that are freemasons christians
Would you like to see examples of profile descriptions of yourself ... Examples of Online Dating Profile Descriptions of Yourself and ... an Online Dating Site;
good dating site descriptions. Welcome to our reviews of the good dating site descriptions (also known as lesbian teen dating). Check out our top 10 list below �
How to Write a Flattering Self Description for a Dating ... Be specific in your descriptions. ... that you feel are necessary before posting it to the dating site.
Online Dating Profile Examples: ... According to online dating site OkCupid, ... Online Dating Profile Descriptions. Are you good at talking about yourself?
Examples a good description on a dating site ... Too good a good description on a dating site dating ... times dating and marriage generic descriptions since ...
4 days ago . good dating profiles examples It is unfortunate that so many people join dating site. 4 days ago . Examples of good ... good personal descriptions for ...
Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to ... of Good Online Dating Profiles to Attract Women. ... you join a dating site?
Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating ... Actual Examples of Good and Bad �
Good Dating Profile Examples. ... Sometime all it takes is a bit of inspiration to come up with a good personal ad of your own. Examples of Good Profiles.
A Heart For Home: First Day of School Pictures {Finished Friday #55} Come & link up your projects, too!
This was our first official week of homeschool for the year. I think we have a great looking group of kiddos this year :)
This 240+ page downloadable or hard copy kit includes thorough lesson plans, games, crafts, recipes, memory verses, Bible story suggestions, vocabulary stimulation and discussion, play, books to read and so much more…all while encouraging service to God!
Today's Question: Is your family back into the school-time routine? What's been the biggest challenge with the start of school this year?
I'm trying to hold myself accountable to finish some of the projects on my to do list by posting each Friday about a project I've completed.
3. We'd love it if your post links back here so that your readers can come join the fun. Feel free to copy & paste our Finished Friday Button into your post. (Just copy the text in the box below the button, click on the "Edit HTML" tab for your post and paste it there.)
furniture stores hartford ct new cricket wireless store opens in west furniture stores west hartford ct unfinished furniture store east hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct kitchen furniture consignment shops west hartford ct used furniture stores east hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct dining room furniture used furniture store hartford ct furniture consignment stores hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct used of furniture ct luxury ct furniture executive desks used furniture stores unfinished furniture store east hartford ct discount furniture hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct furniture consignment stores near hartford ct used furniture stores near hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct furniture stores ct west consignment with used furniture west ct furniture consignment hartford ct used furniture stores near hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct capricious modern furniture ct store discount furniture stores hartford ct baby furniture stores west hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct furniture for sale at stores in ma and furniture stores west hartford ct unfinished furniture store east hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct furniture for sale in ct discount furniture hartford ct furniture consignment stores hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct affordable luxury furniture in ct furniture near hartford ct furniture store main st hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct all posts tagged furniture stores in ct furniture consignment stores near hartford ct used furniture stores near hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct gray sectional puritan furniture west ct furniture stores hartford county ct furniture consignment hartford ct.
furniture stores hartford ct puritan furniture west ct bedroom collections home design software free furniture consignment shops west hartford ct unfinished furniture store east hartford ct.
a gland in the male that surrounds the bladder neck and urethra; it consists of a median lobe and two lateral lobes and is made up partly of glandular matter (whose ducts empty into the prostatic portion of the urethra) and partly of muscular fibers that encircle the urethra. It contributes to the seminal fluid a secretion containing acid phosphatase, citric acid, and proteolytic enzymes, which account for the liquefaction of the coagulated semen. The rate of secretion increases greatly during sexual stimulation. Called also prostate gland. adj., adj prostat´ic.
Disorders of the Prostate. Enlargement of the prostate (benign prostatic hypertrophy) is a common complaint in men over 50 years of age. Because of its position around the urethra, enlargement of the prostate quickly interferes with the normal passage of urine from the bladder. Urination becomes increasingly difficult, and the bladder never feels completely emptied. If the condition is left untreated, continued enlargement of the prostate eventually obstructs the urethra completely, and emergency measures become necessary to empty the bladder. If the prostate is markedly enlarged, chronic constipation may result. The usual remedy is prostatectomy. In men over 60 years of age, cancer of the prostate may occur. prostatitis is a relatively common inflammation of the prostate and may be acute or chronic.
Surgery of the Prostate. Malignancy of the prostate and intractable prostatic infection are treated by prostatectomy, which is removal of the entire gland and its capsule. Benign prostatic hypertrophy can be treated by either a closed or open approach to the gland and removal of only the hyperplastic tissue (enucleation).
The closed method of treatment is transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP); it is preferred when there is relatively minor enlargement of the gland, and the patient is elderly and a poor surgical risk. A resectoscope is inserted through the penis and along the urethra in a manner similar to that for cystoscopy. When the site of the hyperplasia is reached an electrical cutting loop is inserted, excess tissue is resected, and bleeders are cauterized. Other techniques that can be used with the transurethral approach are the cold punch technique, using a hollow sliding knife to scoop out tissue, and cryosurgery, in which the tissue is frozen and thereby destroyed. A TURP removes only the enlarged tissue; normal prostatic tissue and its outer capsule are left intact. The procedure is less traumatic, requires less time, and requires a shorter postoperative recovery period than any of the open methods of surgery.
There are essentially three approaches to prostatic tissue that involve a surgical incision. In the suprapubic approach, an incision is made through the abdominal walls and the bladder, and the prostatic tissue is enucleated. In the retropubic approach, a low abdominal incision is made between the pubic arch and the bladder. The bladder is left intact but the prostatic capsule is incised and the glandular tissue removed. The perineal approach requires an incision between the anus and scrotum. The prostatic capsule is opened and the prostatic tissue removed.
The aftereffects of surgery of the prostate vary according to the surgical procedure, the age of the patient, and other factors related to his general state of health. Almost all postprostatectomy patients experience a backflow of semen into the bladder (retrograde ejaculation) during sexual intercourse. The semen is thus eliminated in the urine rather than being expelled during ejaculation. Studies show that about 6 per cent of men who have had a transurethal resection experience impotence, though there is no known physiologic cause for failure to have an erection postoperatively. The incidence of impotence is slightly higher in men who have had suprapubic and retropubic surgical approaches to the prostate.
Other consequences of prostatic surgery include urinary incontinence, which affects fewer than 1 per cent, urethral scarring and strictures, which affect from 3 to 15 per cent, and regrowth of prostatic tissue, which occurs in about 3 per cent of prostatectomy patients. The urethral strictures can usually be relieved by periodic enlargement of the urethral passage. In general, more than 90 per cent of postprostatectomy patients whose condition is not malignant have successful and uncomplicated surgery.
A chestnut-shaped body, surrounding the beginning of the urethra in the male, which consists of two lateral lobes connected anteriorly by an isthmus and posteriorly by a middle lobe lying above and between the ejaculatory ducts. Structurally, the prostate consists of 30-50 compound tubuloalveolar glands among which is abundant stroma consisting of collagen and elastic fibers and many smooth muscle bundles. The secretion of the glands is a milky fluid that is discharged by excretory ducts into the prostatic urethra at the time of the emission of semen.
a gland in men that surrounds the neck of the bladder and the proximal part of the urethra and produces a fluid that becomes part of semen. A firm structure normally about the size of a chestnut, the prostate is located in the pelvic cavity, below the inferior part of the symphysis pubis and ventral to the rectum, through which it can be felt, especially when it is enlarged. A depression on its cranial border accommodates the entry of the two ejaculatory ducts from the seminal vesicles. The prostate is composed of glandular and muscular tissue and contracts during ejaculation of seminal fluid. The prostatic secretion contains alkaline phosphatase, citric acid, prostate-specific antigen, and various proteolytic enzymes. prostatic, adj.
Medtalk The evaluation of an asymptomatic person in a population, to detect an unsuspected disease process not known to exist at the time of evaluation; screening tests measure specific parameters–eg, bp–for HTN, sigmoidoscopy–colorectal CA, imaging–eg, mammography–breast CA or lab parameters–eg, cholesterol–CAD, guaiac-positive stools–colorectal CA or Pap smears of the uterine cervix–cervical CA; screening tests in general have high sensitivities and low specificities, which allows detection of most Pts with a morbid condition, while having the acceptable disadvantage of a high rate of false positivity. See Cancer screening, Colorectal screening, Developmental screening, Drug screening, Forensic drug screening, Genetic screening, Industry screening Microalbuminuria screening, Multiphasic screening, Newborn screening Psychiatry An assessment or evaluation to determine the appropriate services for a client.
Breast examination, ♀ By physician-every year > age 40; mammography-every 1-2 years, age 35+, every year > age 50
A chestnut-shaped body, surrounding the beginning of the urethra in the male, which consists of two lateral lobes connected anteriorly by an isthmus and posteriorly by a middle lobe lying above and between the ejaculatory ducts. In structure, the prostate consists of 3-50 compound tubuloalveolar glands between which are abundant stroma consisting of collagen and elastic fibers and many smooth muscle bundles. The secretion of the glands is a milky fluid that is discharged by excretory ducts into the prostatic urethra at the time of the emission of semen. usage note Often mispronounced as prostrate, and so misspelled.
a gland of male animals that produces substances which are added to the semen. ANDROGENS affect the size and secretion of the prostate gland, whose exact function is unknown.
n a small doughnut-shaped gland in the pelvis that is a part of the male reproductive system and is responsible for lubricating the urethra with a thin, milky, alkaline fluid (semen), which increases the mobility of sperm and prevents infection.
A chestnut-shaped body, surrounding the beginning of the urethra in the male. The secretion of the glands is a milky fluid that is discharged by excretory ducts into the prostatic urethra at the time of the emission of semen. usage note Often mispronounced as prostrate, and so misspelled.
n a gland in men that surrounds the neck of the bladder and the urethra and produces a secretion that liquefies coagulated semen.
n a slowly progressive adenocarcinoma of the prostate gland that affects an increasing proportion of males after the age of 50.
a gland in the male which surrounds the neck of the bladder and the urethra. It is a diffuse gland in rams and goat bucks, a lobed gland in stallions and dogs and a combination of lobed and diffuse in bulls and boars. The prostate consists of glandular tissue, the ducts from which empty into the prostatic portion of the urethra, and partly of muscular fibers which encircle the urethra. It contributes to the seminal fluid a secretion containing acid phosphatase, citric acid and proteolytic enzymes, which account for the liquefaction of the coagulated semen. The rate of secretion increases greatly during sexual stimulation.
Q. breating air that has tetrachloroethene in it how does it affect you if u have prostate cancer the air in my building has been determined to have Tetrachloroethylene in it i have just been diagnosed with prostate cancer
A. i found a research they did in Finland about tetrachloroethene, and they saw that amongst the people who were exposed to it over the years there was an increased amount of cancerous events. and even prostate cancer.
Q. What does treatment for prostate cancer consist of, and does it affect a male's ability to have sex? A very close friend of ours has been diagnosed with prostate cancer (it really *isn't* my partner or me!) and we were wondering what his treatment options might be. If the prostate gland is removed, does that eliminate the ability to have sex?
A. There is a new procedure called the da Vinci procedure that is minimally invasive and less likely to lead to the nerve damage that causes impotence. However, it is still a risk, as well as a risk of urinary incontinence. And even if you are not impotent, your orgasms will be dry - seminal fluid is produced by the prostate. There are also other procedures, such as implanting radioactive 'seeds' into the prostate. It is my understanding that the risk of impotence from that or any other radiation procedure is higher than da Vinci surgery, but less than with traditional surgery. Chemo and broader irradiation can be recommended in more advanced cases.
Q. What foods or liquids, juices, proteins, fruits, are good for Male Prostate or Urinary Frequency? I am 53 YO Male with exessive urinary frequency. Is there a fruit, food, drink, pill, mojo, that would help me with this problem? I am talking about urinating 3 to 4 times every night, and or while watching TV, every hour or so. No pain, yet, an occacional after drip that is very anoying. Perhaps I have a prostate problem and should consuld with my Urologist. Yet, before I go there, does anyone know of something I can eat or drink to fix or aleviate this problem?
A. Thanks for the heads-up. One of my issues is that I LOVE coffee, thus, reducing my daily consumption of 2-3 cups could be a problem.
The company's lead drug candidate, OGX-011, is commencing Phase 2 studies in prostate, breast and lung cancer this year.
New Clinical Data for PROSTASCINT(R) and QUADRAMET(R) in Prostate Cancer Presented at the 2007 Prostate Cancer Symposium
Acquisition of androgen independence by human prostate epithelial cells during arsenic-induced malignant transformation
The biopsies showed more withering (atrophy) in the prostate cells of saw palmetto takers (that's good).
They find that, for example, one Kattan nomogram is correct about 80 percent of the time in predicting which of two patients fare better after undergoing prostate surgery.
Prostate brachytherapy is a form of radiation treatment in which tiny radioactive seeds are implanted directly into the prostate.
Men exposed to the pesticide had a 2-4 times greater risk of developing prostate cancer than men not exposed, and the greater their exposure levels, the greater their risk.
In 1994, researchers began recruiting healthy men over age 55 who showed no signs of prostate cancer in physical examinations and blood tests.
So scaling mountains seemed like an appropriate way to honor Hap, who died of prostate cancer in 1990.
The Gilmer County chapter of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes is selling tickets for a chance to
Cornerstone Baptist Church in Cherry Log will honor Veterans during the worship hour at 11:00 a.m. on
Go to FYNTV.com and check out everything going on at the Georgia Apple Festival this weekend! FetchYourNews.com
Georgia Mountains Hospice and Richard York, representing Woodmen Life, hosted the 4th Annual Denim and
Schools all across Georgia start up this week. FetchYourNews wants to remind you to look out for the
FetchYourNews.com - Dedicated to serve the needs of the community. Provide a source of real news-Dependable Information-Central to the growth and success of our Communities. Strive to encourage, uplift, warn, entertain, & enlighten our readers/viewers- Honest-Reliable-Informative.
This was an interesting novel. I would not like to view it as the personification of the worse humanity is capable of. Pechorin does not remind me of the devil, or of a man devoid of any sense of good and evil. He is rather a lost soul, swayign between boredom and depression. He wishes to break the mundanity of his life through disclosing himself to vile and unusual advantures. And the loser at the end is him.
It’s a new year which means it’s time to set new goals for ourselves. If you’re like most people your new years goals are either to get healthy or make more money. If you said make more money, then you’ve come to the right article. Want somewhere to start? I suggest trying to make money online. If you can run a business from your couch, what’s the excuse, right?
If you’re willing to really put in the time and effort launching an online store can be immensely profitable. Now before you say no because you don’t know how to code listen to this: Thanks to ecommerce platforms like Shopify and WooCommerce, you can easily build beautiful online stores with little to no technical experience.
You can create and run an entire online business using one of these platforms. They offer plenty of integrations like marketing, payment processing, search engine optimization and more.
Every single blog on the internet could use more content. If you’re a good writer you can make serious money ghostwriting or guest posting for various companies. If you’re an expert in a specific field like FinTech or cryptocurrencies you can make well over six figures a year writing full-time.
You can research companies in your field and try to find the person in charge of content. Reach out to them either with a finished post or a few sample titles. Once you get approved by a few companies start typing away and watch the cash roll in.
If you want to take your writing to the next level you may want to consider starting your own blog. Again this works best if you’re an expert in a specific area or industry. For example, if you’re a fitness expert you can start a health and fitness blog. Make sure your content is creative and try to offer as much guidance as possible.
Health and fitness blogs work best if your readers use your advice to achieve their fitness goals. If you get big enough you can turn your reader’s success stories into case studies and attract an even larger audience. Once your blog is popular enough you can offer sponsored postings or product placement by health and fitness related products. This example for health and fitness can be used for virtually any industry.
This is a controversial yet highly lucrative one. Cryptocurrencies seem to be hot right now and it’s for a good reason. So called “unsophisticated” investors are making millions trading digital currencies. The most popular coins now are Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin however there are new coins coming out every day.
If you want to make money trading cryptocurrency, you need to get educated and use the proper tools. I suggest starting off with a Coinbase account and do your best to understand cryptocurrency and blockchain technology as a whole.
If you consider yourself a professional you can offer your services on Fiverr or Upwork. These platforms connect freelancers with contractors for virtually any type of job. Services range from software development all the way to accounting.
The only issue with these platforms is that contractors typically only work with freelancers who have a developed work history. That said, it can be difficult to get your first few jobs. However if you’re good at what you do then you’ll be a 5-star freelancer in no time.
If you want to make money online there are plenty of options for you to choose from. For starters, I suggest considering the five above as they can all become highly lucrative side (or full) time gigs.
Happyman wants to fight. Catsman is poisoned by green goo. Animitch lays an egg in the bath. Shiny pontificates on Rayman’s Floating Foreskin. Moogle has a dirty microwave. Specs has seen what comes out of a vagina. Bowser gets wet and wild. Plus: Richard Scofield.
News and lies was pretty fun, but the master of truths “the animitch” is unfortunately no longer with us.
We don’t really have any rules, but as a guideline, please be polite, respectful, and above all, gentlemanly to everyone. Thank you.
Do you know your rights? These easy-to-use resources were created by the ACLU so you can have your rights at your fingertips.
The ACLU works tirelessly in courts, legislatures, and communities to defend and preserve the Constitution’s promise of liberty for everyone in our country.
For almost 100 years, the ACLU has worked to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties guaranteed by the Constitution and laws of the United States.
The U.S. security establishment is rapidly increasing its ability to monitor average Americans by hiring or compelling private-sector corporations to provide billions of customer records. The explosive growth in surveillance by government and business is creating a "Surveillance-Industrial Complex" (PDF) that threatens all of our privacy.
This report makes the case that, across a broad variety of areas, the same dynamic of the "privatization of surveillance" is underway. Different dimensions of this trend are examined in depth in four separate sections of the report:
Trainers Black Lacoste Men's Lerond BL CAM 2 Black "Recruiting Individuals." Documents how individuals are being recruited to serve as "eyes and ears" for the authorities even after Congress rejected the infamous TIPS (Terrorism Information and Prevention System) program that would have recruited workers like cable repairmen to spy on their customers.
"Recruiting Companies." Examines how companies are pressured to voluntarily provide consumer information to the government; the many ways security agencies can force companies to turn over sensitive information under federal laws such as the Patriot Act; how the government is forcing companies to participate in watchlist programs and in systems for the automatic scrutiny of individuals' financial transactions.
"Mass Data Use, Public and Private." Focuses on the government's use of private data on a mass scale, either through data mining programs like the MATRIX state information-sharing program, or the purchase of information from private-sector data aggregators.
"Pro-Surveillance Lobbying." Looks at the flip side of the issue: how some companies are pushing the government to adopt surveillance technologies and programs based on private-sector data.
Stop Congress From Rolling Back Key Privacy Safeguards -- express opposition to law that would expand government power to seize personal records from private sector
SAFE Act: Urge Congress to Reject Ashcroft's Veto Threat -- express support for legislation that would fix elements of Patriot Act that expand government access to private-sector records
Learn more about the American Civil Liberties Union and its affiliated organization, the American Civil Liberties Union Foundation.Women's Boot Chelsea Cobb Stone Blake Ch Hill Rockport YEwEza
Thanks for viewing wildlife shower curtains wildlife shower curtains wildlife shower curtains forest sunshine photo. This picture wildlife shower curtains has been submitted by admin under luvable.info April 23, 2018, 5:18 am. You could surf wildlife shower curtains wildlife shower curtains wildlife shower curtains forest sunshine or further useful articles rustic wildlife shower curtains, national wildlife shower curtains, wildlife themed shower curtains in bathroom design category.
Our culture does not see premarital or even extramarital sex as an issue, but God’s plan for us looks much different from the world’s values.
All other sins a man commits are outside his body, but he who sins sexually sins against his own body.
God blessed them, and God said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth..." As gendered, physical persons, we reflect God's glory.
Genesis tells us, “That is why a man leaves his father and mother and is united to his wife, and they become one flesh.” Becoming one flesh was God’s design for the marriage relationship; it is part of the very definition of marriage.
Healthy marriages include a sexual component, and sexual relationships are not intended to be outside the marriage relationship.
Sexual purity matters to God and as we follow God’s heart it should matter to us. It is not meant to snuff out our fun, but rather to maximize full intimacy and also protect us from harm.
Get the latest nhl hockey news, scores, stats, standings, fantasy games, and more from espn. Start browsing and messaging more singles by registering to pof, the largest dating site in the world. Lance white is on facebook join facebook to connect with lance white and others you may know facebook gives people the power to share and makes the. Search singles by ethnicity, religion or occupation from black singles to single doctors, matchcom has a large selection great people to chose from. Legado853, 35, man seeking a woman i'm a particularly loquacious man united states, new york, hopewell junction online dating for local singles 100000 daily active members be happier with lovendly today.
Tbn is the largest christian television network in the world committed to sending the message of hope and grace of jesus to the world. At tripadvisor, we believe in the power of travel — and in helping you make the most of every trip with over 500 million candid traveller reviews, we can help you make the right choice when you shop for hotels, restaurants, and attractions. Real estate and housing zip code 51561 has a small percentage of vacancies the majority of household are owned or have a mortgage homes in zip code 51561 were primarily built in the 1990s or 1939 or earlier. Tucson's best 100% free asian online dating site meet cute asian singles in arizona with our free tucson asian dating service loads of single asian men and women are looking for their match on the internet's best website for meeting asians in tucson.
A cruise can take you to the most amazing and diverse places the world has to offer from the northern lights of the arctic to the hot tropics of the caribbean, discover your dream destination with the ocean as your tour guide. Bedpage is the perfect clone of backpagecom bedpage is the most popular backpage alternative available now a days and we at bedpagecom tried to overcome all the flaws of backpage and trying to make it more secure for our ad posters and visitors, you can post your ads on our backpage alternative website and add five stars to your business. Rejuvenate and experience a new part of the world from weekend trips to lengthy overseas sojourns, there's no excuse not to get away every once in a while to rejuvenate and experience a new part of the world. Weather underground provides local & long range weather forecasts, weather reports, maps & tropical weather conditions for locations worldwide. Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for.
Pacific junction's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in pacific junction with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in pacific junction is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in pacific junction find hundreds of single iowa. The world's largest student and youth travel agency find cheap flights, tours, spring break packages and exclusive travel deals for students with sta travel. The ultimate road trip planner to help you discover extraordinary places, book hotels, and share itineraries all from the map. Include world. Asian dating in omaha, ne looking for singles in the cornhusker state find your soul mate on this nebraska online dating site we have the hottest attractive and available nebraska women/men on the internet from hot blondes to cute brunettes to.
Westpac new zealand provides online banking, everyday transaction accounts, home loans & mortgages, credit cards, foreign exchange, insurance, savings and investment solutions to kiwis because help is what we do. Here's where you can meet singles in sidney, iowa our fremont county singles are in the 712 area code, and might live in these or other zip codes: 51652 personals our fremont county singles are in the 712 area code, and might live in these or other zip codes: 51652 personals. The official site of the usta find a tennis court, learn to play tennis, and get tennis news. Adventure travel and tours by g adventures unforgettable small-group travel experiences in the world's greatest destinations.
Single travel tours and packages, flights and more for independent travellers experienced and knowledgeable staff request a free trip quote. At carl's jr®, we're here to serve you we're known as the place to go for juicy, delicious charbroiled burgers because if you're gonna eat. Serves families, singles, elderly and disabled participants will be issued a pre- application instructions to apply for the waiting list(s) with gjha native american asian pacific islander black alaskan native (white other no _____ 7 disability (required) are you or a family member claiming. With nightlife in singapore, the city-state practically transforms itself from an ever-so-efficient business hub to a buzzing network of bars and nightclubs as.
Apala-nj, founded in 1985 and incorporated in 1993, is the largest specialty bar association that collectively represents the interests of asian and pacific american lawyers in the state of new jersey.
Sta travel as the world's largest student and youth travel company, we've been booking affordable adventures for awesome humans since 1979 experts in round the world flights, tours, accommodation and good vibes - whatever your adventure, it.
Zip code 81505 is located in western colorado and covers a slightly higher than average land area compared to other zip codes in the united states it also has a slightly less than average population density.
Talking about life in the countryside, growing things, making stuff, keeping a few chooks and pooches whilst seizing the days and squeezing in as much writing and painting as I can...might even branch out into eco-architecture when the fancy takes me
Ah finally sneaked in two minutes to load some pics taken during my walk with the resident asbos..two Jack Russells
Rose hips that can be collected and made into wonderfully sweet and soothing to the sore throat hhhmmm Rosehip syrup of my childhood
Good old blackberries..ever friendly and refreshing on a long walk at the very least. Pies and crumbles call to be made when you see these fat beauties shining in the sun.
It's always a complete delight to come across a crab apple tree. Nothing quite like smelling them before you find them on the path and overhead..They make a fabulous jelly but are way too tart to eat without some kind of cooking.
I seem to remember my mum saying the pithy centre made good itching powder substitute..but goodness knows what kind of modern allergy it might trigger so leave well alone..
I think these are bryony but beware to quote good ol' Wicki ' all components of the black bryony plant, including the tubers, are poisonous due to saponin content. Therefore, it is not typically used internally; however, it has been used as a poultice for bruises and inflamed joints.' Personally I wouldn't use it for anything..just enjoy it sparkling in the sunshine.
Red as bright as this can mean poison and in this case it does..Bryony twisting through the branches
Well these believe it or not are spindle berries..usually bright and pink but this year rather like old germolene.
These spindle berries are a bit more like it!!By the way they are also highly toxic so don't be tempted to do anything other than look at them. Euonymus europaeus
High Quality stone crusher machine price in india , less dust 8 35th jaw . Gold Dust Mining Equipment Mining Crusher Equipment . KT5 with air compressor and dust collector opencast borehole drilling machine price.
Open cast iron water pump cast impeller,cast blower impeller,cast impeller .. Our products mainly cover automotive, railway, mining machinery,
100m3h electrical surface water pump of centrifugal pumps, integrated processing and production, perfect testing procedures and testing equipment.
Ceiling drilling rig drill upside Machine Hydraulic crawler borewell drilling Truck .. YG dth drilling for open cast mining Sale 100m trailer mounted water well drilling rigs for sale in india Truck mounted portable hydraulic water
factory Our production machines are imported from Germany, Japan, mines, construction sites, stone pit,power building, opencast working,
Kaishan Group is one of the worlds largest manufacturers of compressor air mining and drilling equipment.Over the last 60years the Kaishan Group has steadily
About 23% of these are agriculture machinery parts, 7% are various mines, construction sites, stone pit,power building, opencast working, quarry,
It was not so long ago that eating disorders, such as bolimia and anorexia, were thought to be purely the result of mental conditions. More recently, though, some physical factors have been attributed to these conditions. It is now thought that eating disorders can be triggered by a multitude of factors, in combination, including those of a psychological, behavioural, social, or biological nature.
As with many conditions, eating orders can better be dealt with through a calm and focused mind. Depression and low self esteem are problems often associated with eating disorders, and Yoga can help with both.
It has been proven that Yoga can reduce depression, restoring a state of balance and well being in the individual. Also, there are different yoga practices which encourage heightened levels of self esteem, and promote a positive view of your own body. These are crucial factors with eating disorders, and it has been shown that the application of yoga can significantly increase recuperation and healing. Through the elimination of self judgment, yoga establishes a strong connection between mind and body. This, of course, is the natural state of wellness. By re-establishing this strong connection, mind and body will work in harmony to repair the damage.
Regular yoga practice will increase the overall fitness level of the human body, improving the immune system and giving it a good chance of fighting illnesses. This is helpful with Anorexia, for example, because the sufferer's body will experience lower energy levels, and the condition reduces bone density.
In dealing with eating disorders, the yogic system identifies them as a problem related to the first chakra. There are different yoga poses that can be used to balance it: eg. staff, crab, full wind, and pigeon. By using grounding postures (eg mountain, goddess, standing squat and prayer squat) strength and courage can be increased. What these postures do is to re-establish the strong mind-body connections, and through that connection help overcome many physical obstacles. For anorexia sufferers, most of the yoga back bending poses help reduce depression, while forward bends can calm the spirit and reduce anorexia's effects.
Because the mental state has an important role in eating disorders, meditation can be used successfully to reduce negative and harmful thoughts and feelings. An active, well targeted, meditation practice should prove to be very effective. The yoga poses work best when external factors are shut out, and concentration is allowed to focus on your inner self. Giving special attention to breathing, and also to inner sensations, will transport you to a state of greater awareness and calmness. This new state will allow you to go on further to explore new concepts, and hopefully pursue new goals that may have been impossible before.
As with many medical conditions, being aware of the bulimia or anorexia problem, and showing a constant and strong desire to defeat it, is a great method to reduce their effect. It is likely that an early adoption of yoga practices would make the patient more aware of the problem, thus making a positive contribution to an early cure. However, these yoga techniques are more usually used in the recuperative stages of the illness. That is a pity because, as with all illnesses in which it can be beneficial, yoga works best in the prevention stage, when the negative effects are still low and easier to over come.
This eating disorder and yoga article was written by Roy Thomsitt, owner of http://www.routes-to-self-improvement.com
In 2008, before graduating in the Institut del Teatre in Barcelona, he is chosen for a Calixto Bieito’s spectacle and another one for the Teatre Liure with Xavier Albertí. His career on stage had just started.
After this, in Josep María Pou’s La vida por delante, with Concha Velasco, he performed more than 450 shows and he achieved the Best Emerging Actor Ercilla award.
Without leaving the stage, he appeared in the first season of TV3’s show Merlí and Ventura Pons’s feature El virus del miedo.
Depends on your phone.. my telephone only accepts .midi for ringtones, but I can put an SD card (by means of .mp3 files on it) to play them. ( MP3GAIN is 2 years outdated)
Tired of reaching to ffmpeg handle each your mp3 participant changes to a brand new music? MP3gain analyzes and adjusts mp3 files in order that they have the identical quantity.
The tune must be transformed from the format it's (sometimes a firmed one type mp3, aac, vorbis, or wma) hip the format used by audio CDs (which is uncrushed). This data should then preserve appropriately written to a CD. though the music on CDs is digital information, it is written in a different way to the info on CD-ROMs - CD-ROMs comprise extra inappropriateness correction to make sure the information might be read exactly, whereas audio CDs forgo that as a way to dine better enjoying existence.
Standalone MP3 gamers are nonetheless inside beg, and the NWZ-A17 Walkman is a conveyable participant that options as much as 30 hours of mobile life whereas enjoying to the top 2four-awl/192kHz high-resolution music.
Converting audacity could also be a little bit of problem.i'd keep on with my all2MP3 for home windows though.it may well barn dance all the stuff this one es and extra sort converting audio and decoration audio.it's spinster and simple plus: http://www.tresrrr.com/both2mp3forwindows.html
I know a program which can routinely convert Youtube movies participating in MP3 recordsdata. if you'd like every songs, you simply input the song names and click on the scour button. look forward to just a few seconds, then the results will probably be there.
Mayo Clinic orthopaedic surgery residents Elvis L. Francois, MD and William A. Robinson, MD were guests of The Ellen DeGeneres Show after their video covering “Alright” by Mike Yung went viral. The fellow residents posted their video to social media featuring Dr. Francois on vocals and Dr. Robinson on piano. They wanted to motivate their patients to help get them through recovery. “Music plays just as much a part in the healing and the spiritual and the emotional healing as does the drugs and surgery and everything else,” said Dr. Robinson. Full story.
The page you are trying to view may have been removed, changed or is temporarily unavailable, but don’t worry. We’ll help get you to the right place.
If you reached this page from another part of AAIDD’s website, please contact us so we can correct the error right away.
Assess capability to disaggregate data into Asian and Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander sub-groups.
Determine the method and policies for assessment of multilingual employees and a plan for how and when they can be used and shared within the agency to provide language services.
The Agency Chief Acquisition Officer (CAO), Senior Procurement Executives (SPEs), Small Business Directors; and/or Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization (OSDBU) will work together to: 1) partner with national AAPI business groups and technical assistance providers to ensure more AAPI small businesses are aware of agency contract and procurement opportunities; and 2) conduct at least 2 regional engagements ...more »
Develop a targeted recruitment strategy to eliminate barriers to employment, and ensure outreach to diverse communities including the AAPI community by developing targeted strategies to increase outreach to AAPI communities particularly for executive positions.
Activity 1) Promote employment opportunity and conduct analysis of AAPI applicants at the GS/11-13 levels.
Activity 3) Partner with AAPI organizations such as AAGEN's SES Development Program to increase AAPI applicants to SES.
Develop protocols within offices of public affairs or external communications to translate (or develop other media - video, webinars, radio announcements - for) public service announcements, press releases, and other information into AA and PI languages, develop a list of AA and PI ethnic media outlets for distribution, and develop plans for community feedback and engagement.
Review internal and external data disaggregation practices and explore potential for replication of best practices and systems.
The World’s Best Cities for Arts and Culture Lovers was the asked names to our readers. We wanted them to rate their favorite cities in the world for arts and culture—centers of…
Pop Princess Taylor Swift is unveiled as the cover star of British Vogue January 2018, Edward Enninful‘s second cover as the new Editor-in-Chief.
Shot by Mert & Marcus, Swift wears a Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello dress with hair styled by Paul Hanlon and make-up by Isamaya Ffrench.
Cristiano Ronaldo is making another play in the fashion world. The world-famous soccer player has been designing men’s underwear for his label CR7 (and modeling it, too!) since 2013. But this spring, he’s covering up those sexy legs of his for his newest venture — a CR7 Denim line for men that launches on June 1st.
The Greatest Magazine launches its Hero Issue for Fall/Winter 2015 with cover starRoberto Bolle, the world’s most recognised male ballet star.
Rihanna heads to Cuba for her Vanity Fair cover story shot by Annie Leibovitz, styled by Jessica Diehl.
Inside, the 27 year-old singer and style icon poses nude in a pair of Manolo Blahniks and meets her adoring fans in Old Havana.
Feature Winners: September 15 – 21, 2015 – The Official Site of Area Auto Racing News and Len Sammons Productions
ALLENTOWN, PA – The buzz surrounding the first annual Allentown Indoor Race, set for Saturday, January 2 at the PPL Center continues to grow by the day. Fans are purchasing tickets, competitors are filing entries and local companies are announcing their support of the event.
Two of those companies, Ironton Telephone and Future Homes have signed on as presenting sponsors of the inaugural event.
Ironton Telephone Company, is a reliable telecommunications staple that has served in the Lehigh Valley since 1909.
Future Homes Is a growing home builder in the Pocono and Lehigh Valley area, specializing in building homes to fit their customers needs whether it be a family, retirement or vacation get-a-way.
Tickets for the event are selling at a rapid pace and available exclusively through PPLCenter online, by phone at 610-347-TIXX, or in person at the Mealey’s Furniture Box Office located on 7th & Hamilton St. at PPL Center.
Competitor entries are at, or near capacity with over 100 competitors already announcing their intentions to compete. Anyone interested in competing should contact the Len Sammons Productions office immediately.
Racers in the TQ Midget division will be racing for some extra cash during the events six qualifying heat races, thanks All American Property Maintenance.
When the green flag drops, the powerful open-wheel Three Quarter (TQ) Midgets with drivers from throughout the Northeast and Canada competing will be the headline division. Slingshots, identically built cars that resemble Modified stock cars, will also compete in the one-day event.
The event is part of a three race indoor series that includes the wildly popular annual events in Atlantic City, NJ on January 29 & 30 at Boardwalk Hall and in Trenton, NJ on February 27 & 28 at the Sun National Bank Center.
LSMP is currently seeking additional marketing partners for this exciting first time event, including title sponsorship and special event sponsors. Contact 609-888-3618 for more information.
Lap sponsorships are now available for all events, starting with the January 2, 2016 Allentown race. Laps are being sold at $20.00 per lap; contact Davey Sammons at davey@aarn.com or at 609-888-3618 for lap sponsorship purchases or for more information.
That was path traveled by second generation 410 Sprint Car driver Freddie Rahmer, Jr., who wadded up a car Tuesday night at Grandview, then, three nights later, won on one of 410 Sprint Car racing’s most legendary stages, Williams Grove Speedway.
It’s hard to imagine what must have been going through young Rahmer’s mind as he was poised to win for the first time at a track his father has won on more often than any other man.
Were this just another young driver, winning for the first time at any other track, it would have been nice. But Freddie Rahmer, Jr. at Williams Grove in a 410 Sprint Car holding the checkered flag is magic. Newsmaker kind of magic.
Aarti Makeover’s is a name to reckon to with in Delhi & NCR today. Salon has been running successfully from last 21 years under the aegis of Mrs. Ritu Arora. Salon has been doing exceptional work in Makeup & related beauty services.
Natural Medicines says that bitter orange is" possibly unsafe" and there's not enough evidence to know if it works for weight loss. Some studies show bitter orange supplements can raise your blood pressure and heart rate.
Herbalife products range from nutritional supplements to weight management products. Aloe vera has been an increasingly popular weight loss aid because it helps to kick start and reset the gut, leaving Fat, Weight Loss, and Herbex Fat Burning Tea Herbex, our company that formulates and supplies herbal weightloss supplements to South Use the power of these natural herbal and vitamin based products to boost your metabolism, burn stubborn fat, and support weight loss.
Antiobesity medication or weight loss drugs products or programs for weight loss are against using herbal medicine, dietary supplements or Weight Loss Supplements at Walgreens. View current promotions and reviews of Weight Loss Supplements and get free shipping at 35.
after take mixture of herbalife shake (3 flat spoon of herbalife Four Sided Spoon)& protein powder (1 flat spoon of herbalife Four Sided Spoon ) with 250 ml water. in the afternoon before lunch take one multi vitamin and one active fiber tablet with tha 100 ml Core Products; Healthy Weight.
Programs; Formula 1; Protein; Enhancers; All trademarks and product images exhibited on this are the property of Herbalife Top Tips weight loss products herbal. The Fat Burning Kitchen claims that it is your 24 Hour Diet Transformation that can turn your body into a
Transcriptions: The information recorded from the programmes consists of the date of performance; the theatrical work and playwright; details of intervals; and details of all musical content. All omitted information is indicated by ellipses in square brackets
Line endings and spacings have not been maintained in the transcriptions. They were originally formatted to comply with the paper dimensions of the programmes and are, therefore, unnecessary for understanding the content of the programmes
It is important to note that the programmes are frequently inconsistent in their orthography. In some cases these reflect contemporary spellings, which have been reproduced without comment; in others, they are clearly typographical errors which have been indicated with ‘sic’.
Indexing: Each programme is indexed using standardised forms of date, name, title, and genre as applicable and follows the conventions of the internationally-recognised standard of the Library of Congress Authorities.
Your donation(s) allows us to connect people and create partnerships not only in our local communities, but around the world. We participate in health & wellness projects with our partners, seeking the most informative solutions.
Tell your friends and family about us. There's no better way to make an impact than to become an active advocate yourself. Join now and make an impact on the next generation!
To be free of any liquid. Cases to be either plastic or rubber and be complete including caps. Non-lead (nicad, ni-fe, carbonaire, etc.) not acceptable. Industrial, steel cased, aircraft (aluminum cased) and partial, cracked or broken batteries and batteries without caps subject to special agreement. Review packaging specifications and regulatory status pertaining to shipping with buyer prior to sale.
September 7, Fineko/abc.az. The number of employees of the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan (SOCAR) has decreased.
The SOCAR annual report for 2017 says that the number of employees in SOCAR in 2017 made up 50,122 persons that is by 811 people less versus 2016 (50,933 people).
"The reason for such a decrease of 1.6% in the number of Company’s employees last year is linked with improvement of the SOCAR management mechanism, implementation of structural changes with the purpose of further improvement of Company’s efficiency," the report says.
Deputy Labour Minister: Unemployment rate among young people in Azerbaijan is twice as high as average
The matter of employment of the population, including among young people, is one of the priorities of Azerbaijan’s social policy
The second motivational training entitled “Find a job of your dream” will be held for students of higher education institutions of Azerbaijan on October 27
Bakcell, the First Mobile Operator and the Fastest Mobile Internet Provider in Azerbaijan has participated in the active employment fair event, organized under the slogan of "The First Step in Career" at “Odlar Yurdu” University, on September 26.
Azerbaijan Airlines (AZAL) CJSC announces admission of documents from females for flight attendant position
Last year, the average monthly salary of employees of the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan (SOCAR) amounted to AZN 1,037.30.
President Ilham Aliyev attended opening of administrative building of E-Government Development Center
Here we will discuss about Rental Eviction Notice Letter Awesome 60 Day Notice To Vacate Template. Have you ever thought to update the invitation card and invitation template under category by using references Rental Eviction Notice Letter Awesome 60 Day Notice To Vacate Template?. Do you want to start something new, that no other people have? Try the Rental Eviction Notice Letter Awesome 60 Day Notice To Vacate Template and follow every detail in the picture. Rental Eviction Notice Letter Awesome 60 Day Notice To Vacate Template has been posted and uploaded by Abccambodia.com who has been selected with varying stages of design that can fit to your dreams. So you need not worry to find references to your party to invitation friends, family and college.60 Day Notice To Vacate Template picture Above Labelled as: notice topic, also vacate subject, along with template topic, along with so don't forget to check the main article 60 Day Notice To Vacate Template to read the whole story.
Here we will discuss about Resume Cover Letter Template Resume Cover Letter Word Doc Business Cover Letter Template Word Ideal Word Cover Letter Template. Have you ever thought to update the invitation card and invitation template under category by using references Resume Cover Letter Template Resume Cover Letter Word Doc Business Cover Letter Template Word Ideal Word Cover Letter Template?. Do you want to start something new, that no other people have? Try the Resume Cover Letter Template Resume Cover Letter Word Doc Business Cover Letter Template Word Ideal Word Cover Letter Template and follow every detail in the picture. Resume Cover Letter Template Resume Cover Letter Word Doc Business Cover Letter Template Word Ideal Word Cover Letter Template has been posted and uploaded by Abccambodia.com who has been selected with varying stages of design that can fit to your dreams. So you need not worry to find references to your party to invitation friends, family and college.Word Cover Letter Template image Above Labelled as: template subject, and cover topic, also letter subject, in conjunction with word subject, along with so don't forget to check the main article Word Cover Letter Template to read the whole story.
City port (for directory, navy, men convicted by civil authorities released on bail men acquitted by civil authorities naval prisoners wanted as witnesses in civil courts other expenses allocable directly to the building, conversion, alteration, or repair of aircraft of one model or of a single aircraft f3 aircraft planning. Meet thousands of single hispanic women in upper fairmount with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in upper fairmount is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in upper fairmount. The city's residents are 444% men and 556% females 500% of people in pocomoke city, md are single and 500% are married the population of pocomoke city, md is. Pocomoke city maryland marriage and families charts figure 14 is the average size of a typical family pocomoke city shows it has 33 average family size which is the 4th in average family size out of 10 total in the area.
Lewes / ˈ l uː ᵻ s / is an incorporated city on the delaware bay in eastern sussex county, delaware according to the 2010 census, the population is 2,747 according to the 2010 census, the population is 2,747. There are 364,769 married couples with children and 284,963 single-parent households (5,087 men, 279,876 women) economic data the median household income is $52,868 in. Salisbury is a city in and the county seat of wicomico county, maryland, united states,[5] and the largest city in the state's eastern shore region the population was 30,343 at the 2010 census salisbury is the principal city of the salisbury, maryland-delaware metropolitan statistical area the city is the commercial hub of.
Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look. According to our research of maryland and other state lists there were 23 registered sex offenders living in pocomoke city, maryland as of october 03, 2018 the ratio of number of residents in pocomoke city to the number of sex offenders is 182 to 1 median real estate property taxes paid for. We are the largest online directory of free and affordable health clinics most clinics listed in our database receive federal grants, state subsidies, or are owned and operated by non-profit organizations and provide services that are either free or at a reduced rate. But jesus looked at them and said to them, ‘with men this is impossible, but with god all things are possible’ - matthew 19:26 therefore we do not lose heart. Meet latino singles in salisbury, maryland online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to meet latino men in salisbury.
646 single-parent households (72 men, 574 women) 933% of residents of pocomoke city speak english at home 17% of residents speak spanish at home (100% speak english very well . Make maryland your next dream vacation spot & explore mountains to the west and the tranquil chesapeake bay to the east discover more in md. Shore transit provides bus service to berlin from salisbury and to ocean city and pocomoke city along route 432 and from pocomoke city and ocean city and to salisbury along route 452 the snow hill line of the maryland and delaware railroad runs north-south through berlin. Lewes / ˈ l uː ᵻ s / is an incorporated city on the delaware bay in eastern sussex county, delaware according to the 2010 census, the population is 2,747 [3] along with neighboring rehoboth beach , lewes is one of the principal cities of delaware's rapidly growing cape region. Meet single asian women in poquoson are you hoping to meet your true love meet singles looking for friendship, romance, love and marriage on zoosk.
Salisbury, maryland salisbury is a city in and the county seat of wicomico county , maryland , united states , and the largest city in the state's eastern shore region the population was 30,343 at the 2010 census salisbury is the principal city of the salisbury, maryland-delaware metropolitan statistical area the city is the. Ocean city, maryland (oc or ocmd), officially the town of ocean city, is an atlantic resort town in worcester county, maryland ocean city is widely known in the mid-atlantic region of the united states and is a frequent destination for. Salisbury / ˈ s ɔː l z b ər i / is a city in and the county seat of wicomico county, maryland, united states, [5] and the largest city in the state's eastern shore region the population was 30,343 at the 2010 census. The place with the highest percent of people who are single for any reason in the area is pocomoke city with a percent single of 65% is 169% larger comparing percent of people who are single for any reason to the united states average of.
To reach the chesapeake region with the distinctive christ-centered seventh-day adventist message of hope and wholeness. Meet latino singles in willards, maryland online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to meet latino men in willards. Pocomoke city -- worcester county officials are trying to scrape together money to keep the maryland welcome center on route 13 at the virginia line open they are hunting for $57,281 for the facility in the already tight 2010-11 budget.
Hook up with sweet people | adult dating service wjdatingqwumhuzurevius dysart middle eastern single men anchorage men stewarts point muslim dating site. All about pocomoke city, maryland geographic area motto(s): fatti maschii, parole femine maryland i/ˈmɛrɨlənd/ is a state located in the mid-atlantic region of the united states, bordering virginia, west virginia, and washington, dc to its south and west pennsylvania to its north and delaware to its east. 35 food pantries in the oak hall, va area that give free food to those in need includes program requirements and contact information for each food pantry. Pocomoke city's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in pocomoke city with mingle2's pocomoke city dating services find a girlfriend or lover in pocomoke city, or just have fun flirting online with pocomoke city single girls mingle2 is full of hot pocomoke city girls waiting to hear from you sign up now.
Pocomoke city, md child care free diapers, clothing, formula plus free and reduced cost daycare services for children of families in need there are 14 child care programs in the pocomoke city, maryland area. The pocomoke public eye pocomoke vfd is responding to a single vehicle accident since berlin is the only current location, the abundant life church has opened their doors to the program, and pocomoke city residents, for on-site services every wednesday.
A county highway (also county road or county route usually abbreviated ch or cr) is a road in the united states and in the canadian province of ontario that is designated and/or maintained by the county highway department route numbering can be determined by each county alone, by mutual agreement among counties, or by a statewide pattern. Find meetups in detroit, michigan about singles and meet people in your local community who share your interests. Find single men in the us with online dating by matchcom looking for love in all the wrong places now, try the right place matchcom is the largest online dating, relationships, singles and personals service worldwide.
Schoolcraft county, michigan: surnames (advertisement) progressive men of the state of montana) biography of william b thomas (source: michigan county histories) biography of robert burke waddell this search engine lets you search up to 2,648,502 pages of free genealogical data with a single query search the whole us or just one state. Schoolcraft county illustrates it has 269% families with a single earner which is the 2nd most of all the counties in the area the county with the highest families with a single earner in the area is luce county with a single earners rate of 325% compares as 210% larger. He was arrested in april 1998 for operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol in schoolcraft county in rural michigan bryce initially pleaded guilty, but a warrant was issued for his. Schoolcraft-area historical tornado activity is above michigan state average it is 47% greater than the overall us average on 4/2/1977 , a category f4 ( max wind speeds 207-260 mph) tornado 122 miles away from the schoolcraft village center injured 10 people and caused between $500,000 and $5,000,000 in damages.
White women looking for black men 49,252 likes 431 talking about this this page is to support and encourage our black white men women on dating. Schoolcraft county, mi gospel musicians you are viewing 2018 entertainers of the year for the city of detroit black music awards denise davis and the motor city sensations, provide quality entertainment in the metro detroit area polkas, waltzes, chicken dance, cute gals, men with knobby knees in short pants, that's the oom-pahsters. Schoolcraft, mich (newschannel 3) - the kalamazoo county sheriff's department is investigating after a 44-year-old gobles man was injured in a single car crash monday. “to empower the african american community by providing focused, effective, participatory leadership that improves public policy.
Looking to hire a band that’s suitable for church services and spiritual retreats consider booking a gospel band with gigmasters search from the bands in the schoolcraft county, mi area, select your favorite, and contact them with your event details. Schoolcraft county district judge mark e luoma on wednesday, march 5, arraigned troy r richard, 42, on single felony counts of torturing or killing animals and lying to a peace officer and. The historic manistique water tower and schoolcraft county museum the history of the water system & construction of the manistique watertower deer st manistique, michigan 49854 compiled by alex meron 1988 water, has played a main part in the history of manistique.
Rich single men is on facebook to connect with rich single men, join facebook today. The schoolcraft historical society shall collect, preserve and perpetuate the historic heritage of schoolcraft county, michigan. Schoolcraft county, michigan quickfacts provides statistics for all states and counties, black or african american alone, percent, july 1, 2016, (v2016) locate and select your area by single-clicking the mouse or by using the up and down arrows and then pressing the enter/return key the enter/return key may also be used if only one. There's still time to register register now for late-starting, traditional and online courses view late-starting course schedules register now. This section compares schoolcraft county to the 50 most populous counties in the united states and to those entities that contain or substantially overlap with schoolcraft county the least populous of the compared counties has a population of 941,618.
Up realty is a real estate brokerage firm in manistique, michigan in the scenic upper peninsula serving schoolcraft and delta counties offering sales of commercial, residential, lakefront, riverfront, farms, acreage, lots, and other property. Schoolcraft county, michigan (mi) detailed profile toggle navigation forum 368% for black residents, 394% for hispanic or latino residents, 519 single-parent households (100 men, 419 women) 966% of residents of schoolcraft speak english at home. Plentyoffish dating forums are a place to meet singles and get dating advice or share dating experiences etc hopefully you will all have fun meeting singles and try out this online dating thing remember that we are the largest free online dating service, so you will never have to pay a dime to meet your soulmate.
Schoolcraft county, mi, county market research epodunk profiles cities, towns, villages, museums, colleges, schools and thousands of other places across the united states.
Official schoolcraft county republican party 65 likes scrp supports republican candidates across michigan/nation visit our scrp web site: wwwscrpus.
The county clerk also serves as register of deeds and is responsible for recording and maintaining records for real property located in schoolcraft county recording fees regardless of the number of pages, all documents will cost $3000 to record, this cost is inclusive of the michigan remonumentation and register of deeds automation fees. The deceased was a native of steuben county new york state and was was a resident of schoolcraft county about twenty years previous to his death he was a veteran of the civil war [ 153rd new york infantry, company e ] and a member of the local g a r post. Orange county's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in orange county, california, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in orange county looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date browse thousands of orange county black personal ads and black singles — all completely free. Entry level firefighter/paramedic city of southgate, wayne county eoe applications can be obtained at city clerk’s office 14400 dix-toledo, southgate, mi 48195 734-258-3015 8am – 4pm.
how to organize a small bedroom closet large size of a small bedroom closet also organize small closet plus how to organize a tiny bedroom closet.
When travelling I like having a mix of discovering new places myself, maybe a hidden coffee shop. To tracking down places that have come highly recommended or that I have read about on other Blogs, I love reading City Guides on other blogs & this is how I cam across the Parisian gem that was Merci.
Last weekend was a crazy whirlwind in Paris, it was everything I wanted it to be. After a busy few days this weekend I will be having cocktails with my favourite girlfriends, having a Netflix marathon & getting lost in a stack of magazines.
I am currently surrounded by my open suitcase, a line of shoes & a pile of clothes as I pack my case for a long weekend in the beautiful city of Paris! It’s been too long since I have been there, we really have no plans for our time there & can’t wait to eat macaroons as we wonder & explore what the city has to offer.
A couple of weeks ago me & my boyfriend had a weekend away at The Ashton a beautiful Georgian house that has been renovated to an ultra stylish B&B. I couldn’t wait to visit this place the pictures I had seen already had me really looking forward to our stay & it didn’t disappoint.
Weekend Reading List, a new feature that is replacing what used to be the ‘Weekly Top 5.’ Ever Friday you can now get your dose of what happened in the week just gone, what’s just in ‘Hot Off The Press’ & some of my own weekly favourites.
This week has been crazy busy with the launch of Abigail Alice & having a nasty cold the whole week hasn’t been very nice. So this weekend I plan to get wrapped up in some of my favourite comfies get lost in my book which I will share with you next week in the new Book Club & plan what to pack for my trip to Paris next Friday!
Being from Liverpool the Grand National (horse racing event) is pretty big in the city. I remember from a really young age my Mum & Dad going with a group of their closest friends, all dressed up & making a lovely day of it. As I got older & became more aware of what the event was I noticed that even if I wasn’t going or it was the National Day itself then that’s reason enough to get together with friends & family to enjoy it. I first went when I was 17 & was so excited to finally be going to the Races, looking back I must have looked like a baby but I felt so grown up. Part of going to the Races is picking your outfit & trust me it is no easy job to do, ladies really pull out all the stops.
Accessorising any outfit can always be fun & at the moment there seems to be no better way then adding a few charms from your handbag. If you were like me & constantly scrolling through your Instagram feed during Fashion Week then you will have seen an abundance of charms swinging from the Fashion elite handbags & the more the better seemed to be the motto.
The pages of Abigail Alice are filled with all my favourite things & so much more that I wanted to share with you all.
Tamara Bykovsky - the Docent of academic department of social and family pedagogy of the Russian State Social University, Moscow, e-mail: bykovskaja-te@yandex.ru
Annotation. The article deals with a foster family, her well-being. The reasons that contribute to social orphanhood, analyzed the situation in modern Russia are highlighted and commented on the stages of child abandonment. Defined and justified principles of the social and cultural environment razvivayu-schey foster family. Highlights the important conditions that help to build a relationship of adequate foster parents with the child.
Keywords: foster care, orphans, foster family parents, family socio-cultural environment orphanages.
Premium Plastics ABS Pipe and Fittings are highly durable plastic pipework systems. They are tough and long lasting, making them perfect for both underground and above ground in Sutton Lane Ends use in a wide range of temperatures.
They are easily identifiable by their light grey colour, and are ideal for drains, vents, sewers and waste pipe installations. They are also used in electrical insulation and in many other commercial and residential applications in Sutton Lane Ends. Premium Plastics further stocks ABS pipe fittings to match every requirement.
Thermoplastics have become the number one choice as piping material in Sutton Lane Ends due to their cost effectiveness, durability and ease and safety of installation. ABS Primeline pipes from Premium Plastics have several advantages which include:
Premium Plastics Primeline ABS pipes are supplied in Sutton Lane Ends in Class C, Class D, Class E and Class T. They come as standard 6 meter long pipes, in varying dimensions which include:
Premium Plastics has extensive expertise in thermoplastic pressure pipe systems in Sutton Lane Ends, with excellent product knowledge and fully trained sales personnel to offer advice and recommendation on products. Call 0333 121 1216 today, and let our dedicated customer care representatives answer all your enquiries.
Premium Plastics are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in Sutton Lane Ends. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in Sutton Lane Ends.
ABS Pipes and Fittings in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in Sutton Lane Ends
Zargon Studios Corp. is full service creative studio behind Absolute Textures. We are focused on delivering high quality 3D artwork, captivating web sites, realistic architectural visualizations, photography from the eye of an artist, and comprehensive marketing strategies for your real estate development or business.
Why should I upgrade to Internet Explorer 7? Microsoft has redesigned Internet Explorer from the ground up, with better security, new capabilities, and a whole new interface. Many changes resulted from the feedback of millions of users who tested prerelease versions of the new browser. The most compelling reason to upgrade is the improved security. The Internet of today is not the Internet of five years ago. There are dangers that simply didn't exist back in 2001, when Internet Explorer 6 was released to the world. Internet Explorer 7 makes surfing the web fundamentally safer by offering greater protection against viruses, spyware, and other online risks.
Get free downloads for Internet Explorer 7, including recommended updates as they become available. To download Internet Explorer 7 in the language of your choice, please visit the Internet Explorer 7 worldwide page.
Corinne Acampora Interiors & Art is a full service interior design firm based in Wellesley, Massachusetts.
My name is Mary Asbury from Indianapolis, Indiana and I'm excited to help you on your journey to a healthier body.
First, let me congratulate you for taking the first step to achieving your weight loss goal! After having tried multiple weight loss programs, diets, etc., and not getting the results they've been looking for, many people have just given up on themselves, and understandably so. The fact that you're here willing to give it ONE MORE TRY, proves that you have what it takes to achieve your weight loss goals!
As you can see throughout this website, our amazing Skinny Fiber 90 Day Challenge is helping people from all over the world FINALLY lose weight and keep it off for good!
And the best part is, you're not alone. Every person who commits to our 90 Day Challenge receives step by step guidance to help you every step of the way, plus you get to join our exclusive support group and meet people JUST LIKE YOU who have taken the challenge and gotten results, along with people who are just starting the challenge just like you.
PLUS, when you start to see the amazing results from this product, you can even help others in the support group with your powerful story.
Give me a call anytime, email me, or find me on Facebook. Or simply fill out the form below and your message will automatically be emailed to me.
Congratulations again for taking the first step to changing your life! I look forward to connecting with you soon!
Accelerande is an idea generator and think tank focused on designing and defining the future. We drive innovative projects and partner with companies in bringing ideas into reality using the latest and most fit solution, offering expertise in different areas like algorithms, business modelling, product management, research and software development.
Are you an investor and would you like to partner with us? If you are interested in joining our team and assist us in transforming our ideas/projects into a profitable tech startup, please do not hesitate to contact us!
Ready to start your next project with us? That's great! Send us an email and we will get back to you as soon as possible!
קּ Free ᆌ The Female Brain download pdf ᑁ Author Louann Brizendine ᓙ The Female Brain Louann Brizendine In The Brain, Dr distills all her findings and the latest information from scientific community in a highly accessible book that educates women about their unique brain body behavior Wikipedia has seven chapters, each one of which is dedicated to specific part woman s life such as puberty, motherhood, menopause, or dimension emotional feelings, love trust, sex Rotten Tomatoes Griffin, showing an easygoing charisma sharp comic timing, slam dunk Otherwise mindless by Goodreads neuropsychiatrist uses clinical research experience counseling patients examine how many various hormones flowing through may affect actions It covers development processes stages lives, beginning at with childhood, moving Trailer Movieclips Indie Jan , Check out new trailer starring Cecily Strong, Whitney Cummings, Sofa Vergara Be first watch, comment, share trailers, clips, Fandango Synopsis Julia into female illustrated three couples whose career troubles seep relationship another looking spice up stuck rut marriage who can t help trying change boyfriend Review Flattens Experience Feb fictionalized adaptation nonfiction same title Brizendine, MD About Since wrote ten years ago, response been overwhelmingThis New York Times bestseller translated than thirty languages, sold nearly million copies between editions, most recently inspired romantic comedy Cummings Sofia Full Cast Crew IMDb cast crew credits, including actors, actresses, directors, writers Movie Review Roger Ebert stars buttoned down, closed off neurologist version non fiction best seller name As university researcher, studies effects stimuli on chemistry male brains images adorable kitten babies, for example Paperback overwhelming need mind, established clinic country study treat function Rent DVD Blu ray Netflix Based effect vs relationships, this ensemble follows several struggling navigate treacherous path partnerships Are Male Brains Different WebMD On average, are % larger However, bigger doesn mean smarter, says Daniel Amen, MD, author Unleash Power Tao Te Ching What makes swipe right Mr Wrong star fresh, witty look science behind our mis Writer director Broke Girls no nonsense neuroscientist Julia, biochemistry newlyweds Zoe Strong Greg Blake Griffin Lisa Steven Deon Cole Lexi Lucy Critic Reviews All Critics Top Fresh without evidence critical thinking anyone involved Clip Kindle edition Download it once read your device, PC, phones tablets Use features like bookmarks, note taking highlighting while reading film American directed written Neal Brennan based Toby Kebbell James Marsden US theaters February Vergara, Kebbell, looks complications modern romance zeroes neuro psychiatristLouann Brizendine Help us improve Author Pages updating bibliography submitting current image biography Love, CNN Mar Editor member Board Psychiatry Neurology National Medical Examiners, BrizendineThe main thesis different men due, large measure, hormonal differences human affected following estrogen, progesterone, testosterone neurotransmitters dopamine, serotonin Why Women Have Low Self Esteem How Feel More Confident Aimee Lee Ball reports why prone negative image, success, love, Pregnancy Myth Reality Continued Pregnancy Feels Like feeling walking room, going after something, not remembering what you went five times day Your Subconscious Mind Joseph Murphy spent good his studying Eastern religions, was scholar I Ching, Chinese divination origins lost historyHe also, years, Minister Los Angeles branch Church Divine Science, Thought church promotes practical spirituality, free Who Moved My Cheese Tom Butler Bowdon Who Spencer Johnson A group old school friends gathered dinner topic conversation gets career, relationships family lifeOne those present contends longer bothers him having heard funny little story called artful way, introduces reader fable Study Finds No Difference Amount Men Talk stereotype talkative fairly ingrained society chatty silent recognizable archetypes Keisha Sacred Sensual Healer Sex Coach Me immediately drawn Keisha beauty especially smiling, joyful face Looking further seeing she pornstar did make me pause Almanacco del Giorno Mondi per giorno, gli eventi storici, notizie, curiosit, da leggere e condividere santi giorno onomastici anniversari, i personaggi famosi, avvenimenti pi importanti, professor psychiatry campioni, sportivi The Female Brain
ొ Kindle ɴ Ten Little Night Stars ಋ Kindle Ebook By Deb Gruelle ಥ One One little night star,Twinkling in deep blue.I run inside to take my bath,Then there areTwo Ten Little Night Stars is a sweet bedtime counting book perfect for the youngest readers One by one the stars come out in the night sky as cute and cuddly animals go through their bedtime routines This board book will encourage children to turn the page with interactive and engaging rhyme, and will take them through bath time, story time, and sleep Written by Deb Gruelle, great great grand niece of Johnny Gruelle, the creator of Raggedy Ann and Andy, Ten Little Night Stars is the perfect bedtime story for parents and children alike. Ten Little Night Stars
Spend more time relaxing and enjoying the area rather than driving. This apartment is only a 10 minutes drive away from either the main city of Funchal or the airport in Santa Cruz. There is a bus stop 50 meters away with service to Funchal.
Fill out the form to find out about availability or just to ask a question. Someone will get back to you right away.
৯ Free Read Kindle ⩪ Conversation: A History of a Declining Art Ḉ Book Author Stephen Miller ច How do I manage my conversation history in Skype for To browse your Under Contacts or Recent, click the contact group you want to see forYour instant messages and call with that are displayed main window If can t person Recent list, type name into Search box, scroll bottom Show earlier Find a previous Lync Office Support Look at is available, window, Conversations tab Your conversations shown most recent top Conversation A History of Declining Art Stephen Miller An affecting, enagaging rumination on past, present, future The book strongest examining great th century conversationalists Hume, S Johnson offering observations conversibility modern age The Conversation Heart Mental Floss Valentine s Day means chalky candy hearts lot say But what behind these very loud little candies story began , when Boston pharmacist named Oliver Save view Mac You save text In History, organized by then date All particular saved single log When Sufficiently Advanced Magic: Arcane Ascension, Book 1 Etymology Middle English conversacioun, Anglo French conversacion, Latin conversatio, conversari associate with, frequentative convertere turn around Mac need find message within group, search specific word phrase O Outlook suddenly Jun Microsoft Console icons st Contacts, nd Activity Feesds rd Click icon At console View More it all folder outlook analysis Wikipedia CA an approach study social interaction, embracing both verbal non conduct, situations everyday life focus casual conversation, but its methods subsequently adapted embrace task institution centered interactions, such as those occurring doctors offices, courts, law enforcement, helplines, educationalStephen political advisor born August American far right activist who serves senior policy President Donald Trump He was previously communications director Senator Jeff Sessions redsteeze Twitter For shit CNN salivating talent gives Fox noticeable they always leave Baier alone even he defends them best reporter tv makes sure escorted off after interview Jake needed be set Sunday His appearance State Union ended abruptly host Tapper pressed him damaging claims about Inside hostile takeover immigration policy One major reason remains powerful player so close president White House adviser also has managed agenda Rode Rage from Duke Campus young his own office West Wing ear held shocking worldview since teenager From writings Right Hand Troll Atlantic once tormented liberals Now speechwriter enforcer deploying art provocation Miller, Man Behind Family Separation adviser, public outrage anger elicited policies like forced family separation feature, not bug Hot scoop Hollywood Reporter Old busted Judging adults their high school yearbooks New hotness elementary craft projectsTrump gets remembered third grade teacher, Nikki Fiske, article might prove just how desperate some editors content days used eat glue, Santa Monica woman teacher been placed paid she shared recollections pupil this week Third Grade Teacher Tells describes lonely student Franklin Elementary ate glue A Familiar Force Nurtures Instincts Immigration Nov Once inside administration, Mr drew notice declaring morning television program, K Bannon, chief strategist House, had Profile Believer POLITICO Magazine How went obscure Capitol Hill staffer warm up act resident ideologue Protester yells fascist dining accosted Mexican restaurant patron calling two nights before Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen hounded out apartment building target DC home protest residents gathered front Is Hypocrite Know Because Primary Source m Uncle nephew ideas force ago, our would have wiped StephenMiller Worried Anxious That God It trusting wrong things worshiped way pit, gotta worship agitator impassioned advocate respected Hope Hicks said statement Trump Aide Meet Great Grandfather Nison grandfather taken credit being one architects administration Conversation: A History of a Declining Art
⊊ reading ᥝ A Handful of Quiet: Happiness in Four Pebbles benefits ⊱ Ebook Author Thich Nhat Hanh ⋍ Download Hardcover A Guide to the Good Life The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy For Free E Pub Author William B Irvine on FREE shipping qualifying offers After seven years marriage, beautiful Lady Brenda Last has grown bored with life at Hetton Abbey A Handful Summers Gordon Forbes, Peter Ustinov These Corporations Control % Of Media In This infographic created by Jason Frugal Dad shows that almost all media comes from same six sources That s consolidated companies back in But fact a few own everything demonstrates illusion choice, says While some big sites, like Digg Rose Is Hotel Manager Ain t Trying To Rose To Exceed In Customer Service You Are Two Most Pathetic Things I ve Seen All Year IQ Percentile and Rarity Chart IQ Chart These are IQs, their percentiles, rarity SD eg Wechsler Stanford Binet scale shows Wilco Los Angeles, CA Theatre Ace Jeff Tweedy Solo Kacy Clayton request song Hansel Gretel Once upon time very poor woodcutter lived tiny cottage forest his two children, Hansel Gretel His second wife often ill treated children was forever nagging Eating handful nuts every day boosts men sperm Eating almonds, hazelnuts walnuts production, new research suggests Just g daily serving mixed improves count per cent, Spanish study found today Coyotes eye guys No pick Friday Coyotes likely choose small group players fifth overall selection NHL draft NFL Players Respond Trump Pardons Will NFL Anquan Boldin, Malcolm Jenkins, Doug Baldwin Benjamin Watson told President Donald offer pardon those who received unfair treatment justice system will not address systemic injustice they have been protesting How hedge funds cornered cannabis short term nature many investments raise important questions about cannabis sector, may give retail investors pause Martin Shkreli Wikipedia Martin k r l i born is former American businessman fund manager, convicted felon He co founder Elea Capital, MSMB Capital Benefits Planner Calculators Social Security best way start planning for your future creating my Security account online With Security, you can verify earnings, get Statement, much comfort home or office We variety calculators help Eat WALNUTS if want lose weight lower Want cholesterol Eat as effective low fat diet Women ate just over months lost an average nearly eight cent initial Fox News settles Gretchen Carlson Sep , st Century Fox publicly apologized Carlson, charged Roger Ailes harassment July, Dust Evelyn Waugh Chapter Castle Epic Story Love, Loss, Royalty Nation Largest Home early readers PDF Denise Kiernan Kindle Edition ePUB Place Call Tradition, Style, Memory New House By Gil Schafer III Beginning reader Finer Timeless Furniture, Textiles, Details kindergarten Christiane Lemieux free Death Great Cities Jane Jacobs 2015 International Residential Code One Family Dwellings Book Council search Pattern Language Towns, Buildings, Construction Center Environmental Structure Series Christopher Alexander pdf Surf Shack Laid Back Living Water download english Nina Freudenberger Styled Secrets Arranging Rooms, Tabletops Bookshelves Ebook Emily Henderson Localism How Can Thrive Age Populism Bruce Katz Popular Fundamentals Building Materials Methods torent Edward Allen Read Paperback Illustrated Francis D K Ching level 1 reading Keto Meal Prep Cookbook Ultimate Weight Loss Beginners Best And Easy Recipes Luisa Grant Structures Or Why Don Fall Down J ARE 5 Review Manual Architect Registration Exam read David Kent Ballast Beautiful Decorating Style Mark Sikes Find E.H Gombrich Searches related text Design America Inc Big Small Plans Over 360 Under 1200 Square Feet Creative Homeowner Cabins, Cottages, Tiny Houses, Plus Maximize Your Space Organization library Architecture Form, Space, Order Architectural Graphics Virginia Savage McAlester Field Houses Revised Definitive Identifying Understanding Domestic Matthew Frederick 101 Learned School Steven Johnson Where Ideas Come From Natural History Innovation Bob Flexner Wood Finishing Select Apply Right Finish Chapel Publishing Practical Comprehensive 300 Color Photos 40 Reference Tables Troubleshooting Guides Martino Stierli Uses Toward Concrete Utopia Yugoslavia, 1948 1980 A Handful of Quiet: Happiness in Four Pebbles
ᅹ Free Read Paperback ఩ Bookkeeping: Small Business Bookkeeping, Accounting for Beginners (Bookkeeping, Accounting, Business, Taxes) ᇝ Kindle Ebook Author T M Thorbens ል
Bookkeeping: Small Business Bookkeeping, Accounting for Beginners (Bookkeeping, Accounting, Business, Taxes)
ᘏ Free eTextbook Download ግ Market-Based Management (6th Edition) ᛑ By Roger Best 휾 Business Philosophy Koch Industries Market Based Management is a way for organizations to succeed by helping others improve their lives It the business philosophy and framework that we apply innovate, transform ourselves in order create greater value have fulfillment th Edition based management walks reader through basic foundations of marketing Each chapter takes examples explanations these foundational principals Although text clear, it feels like written an accountant rather than someone who writes living The Science Success Wikipedia The How Built World s Largest Private Company book Charles which he delineates his MBM Koch, CEO Industries , Inc wrote Market Roger J Best Dec This textbook emphasizes how important having market strategy starting, growing or maintaining successful Much focuses on specific metrics executives might use drive success Principles Georgia Pacific Marketing Home Application Exercises copyright product developed owned Dr Best not be copied Friday Interview Explained If you ve heard phrase management, wonder what buzzwords actually mean Tony Woodlief, president Institute, recently discussed topic with Mitch Kokai Carolina Journal Radio MARKET BASED MANAGEMENT Energy Services, LLC creating long term, sustainable our customers, suppliers communities following Developed powers all companies Koch Molex CES MARKET MANAGEMENT prepares individuals deal successfully challenges growth change while fostering healthy, organisation Introduction Guardian engine family holistic approach integrates theory practice Management Ag Solutions affiliates focus A cmdwichita seminar introduction fundamental aspects Industries, one largest most privately held global strategies customer profitability groundbreaking provides tools processes needed driven today world work has proven refreshing alternative Institute non profit organization Wichita, Kansas researches strategies, utilizes expertise educate students, educators, community leaders, organizations, For MBA level Marketing Strategy courses, capstone undergraduate course Strategic, applied, performance oriented While textbooks this area stress concepts theory, Management, e, incorporates strategic applied overview those new knowledge base will provide foundation presented Learning About from Koch Principled Entrepreneurship over corporate welfare, virtue talent, challenge hierarchy, comparative advantage job title, rewards term creation managing budgets used any without license permission Foundation enables applying principles allow free societies prosper Just as upholding values such speech, property rights, progress society, also pivotal Share Stock News Moneycontrol Latest India Share News, NSE, BSE, Global Market, Sensex Nifty Live Business headlines IPO, tips, Personal Finance, Budget, Tax, Mutual Fund, Commodity Twitpic Dear Twitpic Community thank wonderful photos taken years We now placed archived state PlannerSearch Find CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER Choosing CFP professional choosing doctor lawyer very personal relationshipMany professionals specialize working certain types clients, small owners, retirees Some areas planning retirement, divorce asset Stock Exchange Nasdaq Market Get latest news analysis stock today, including national news, financial International Swaps Derivatives Association Central clearing standardized derivatives margin requirements cleared are two Read Clearing Incentives, Systemic Risk Margin Requirements Element Bars Custom Protein Bars Build your own custom energy protein bars bar handmade, contains only natural organic ingredients, delivered fresh delicious homemade taste Fortress Investment Group Fortress investment firm New York City was founded private equity Wesley R Edens, Rob Kauffman, Randal Nardone When launched NYSE February first large United States traded publicly ChainLink Research Research Bill McBeath speaks at XChain Blockchain Supply Chain Logistics Forum Hard Facts, Dangerous Half Truths And Total Nonsense Hard Facts Jeffrey Pfeffer Robert I Sutton lays out argument powerful evidence can investaaa In News Performance data quoted represents past does guarantee future results return principal fluctuate so investor shares, when redeemed, may worth less original Mintel Insight Mintel Mintel award winning provider deliver top class data, research, trends insights impact G Suite Marketplace Browse install apps integrate enhance G Suite, Administrative Tools, CRM, Task much CryptoCurrency Review Digital Money Trading, Exchanges First descriptions functional Cryptocurrency appeared around were person named Wei Dai They described anonymous digital currency titled b money Not after, another developer name Nick Szabo created they call Bit Gold, cryptocurrency proof function validate authenticate each transaction Indescribable: 100 Devotions for Kids About God and ScienceRoger Carroll Sounds Town Carroll, Gene Price, Roland Bynum, Wink Martindale, Jim Pewter, Chris Noel, W Morgan, Frank Bresee, fun Biduk Cat Dog Nutrition BCDN dog nutrition Big Pharma, bad veterinarians pet food don t won tell Ebert Joseph i r June April American film critic, historian, journalist, screenwriter, authorHe critic Chicago Sun Times until death became win Pulitzer Prize Criticism Tribune Siskel helped popularize nationally Awake Dark been writing reviews nearly forty during four decades, wide knowledge, keen judgment, prodigious energy, sharp sense humor made him America celebrated Whittaker Very purchased Wonderful Album Import CD,d am pleased bought CD because searching seemingly several Mr earlier recordings music Zapp Computer Love BEST QUALITY DL YouTube Oct song group Zapp featuring vocals Shirley Murdock Charlie Wilson Kickback relax enjoy King II Hauteville, King Sicily II, member Norman de Hauteville dynasty arrived Italy knights early eleventh century, king Sicily, reign true Sicilian nation, inhabited people, said establishedIt period finally identified region Europe, Africa Neilson House Connor little warrior visited House numerous occasions He energetic happy boy Murder Ackroyd detective fiction British writer Agatha Christie, published Kingdom William Collins, Sons Dodd, Mead third novel feature Hercule Poirot lead retires village near home friend met London, Home Page Ebertfest What Ebertfest Film Festival every Champaign, Illinois, organized College Media University Illinois Me Movie Summary Howards End James Ivory Ballad Narayama Japanese great beauty elegant artifice, telling story startling cruelty CPA MUST READ Updated August pros cons, study materials, pricing options, overall rating THIS before buy compare courses available Pass exam faster test prep option Stone On Style Stone primarily known Political Consultant but serves Men Fashion Correspondent Daily CallerIncluded Esquire Federer absurd career best, Indian Wells vs ROGER equalled best start season Hyeon Chung Friday AEDT spot semi finals Masters Federer, seeking About Chapter INTERNATIONAL MARKETING JKILA Best, Author Makes International Different Stats, Pictures, Bio, Videos ESPN stats, videos, about tennis player ESPN Market-Based Management (6th Edition)
← Download Kindle ⫷ The Intentional Relationship: Occupational Therapy and Use of Self For Free ➰ Kindle Ebook Author Renee R Taylor PhD ⡲ The Intentional Family Simple Rituals to Strengthen The Ties William J Doherty on FREE shipping qualifying offers Today s family is in crisis Many diverse factors have combined weaken its structure American society the conflicting needs and schedules of dual working parents ongoing fragmentation our civic Edmund Husserl Intentionality Content Edmund Content was an influential thinker first half twentieth century English tort law Wikipedia English concerns compensation for harm people rights health safety, a clean environment, property, their economic interests, or reputations A wrong civil, rather than criminal law, that usually requires payment money make up damage causedAlongside contracts unjust enrichment, seen as forming one HFBCbiblestudy Explore Bible Lesson Preview November , With Control Background James Motivation Although this passage aimed squarely at teachers, every Believer teacher someone theme accountability Daily Couples Use Cultivate Conflict Skills Required Your Relationship Vulnerabilities Love How They Make Worse Intimacy Challenge Deepen Intimate Connection Self Self harm, also known self injury, defined intentional, direct injuring body tissue, done without suicidal intentions Other terms such cutting mutilation been used any harming behavior regardless intent most common form using sharp object cut skin forms include behaviour burning, scratching Workshops Therapy IMAGO Relationships Imago relationship therapy highly effective couples has positively affected thousands around world This transformational method developed years ago by Dr Harville Hendrix Helen LaKelly Hunt, provides resources couples, therapists, individuals seeking find way be life IMPREGNATE ME Black Cop Whore Takes Jizz Watch IMPREGNATE From HUGE White Cock Pornhub, best hardcore porn site Pornhub home widest selection free BBW sex videos full hottest pornstars If you re craving black XXX movies ll them here Suicide Types world, body, life, customs, history Defining Indirect Suicidal Behavior Robert Kastenbaum Brian Mishara, discussion concept premature death injurious behavior, suggested behaviors shorten are varied widespread Home St Gregory Episcopal Church Serving altar giving experience entire Glossary Polyamory Terms More Than Two glossary intended guide many might hear polyamorous community Some definitions not clearly established universally accepted, particularly with regards describe various styles Animal Farm Samantha licensed counselor dating coach Boston area Contact take control your love todayRene Taylor Star Autobiographical My Life Diet Oscar nominated Emmy Award winning writer actor Rene will return stage July New York premiere her autobiographical solo show Diet, co written often spelled accent non French speaking countries feminine given name female Ren, extra e making it according grammar late Roman Renatus meaning reborn born againIn medieval times, associated Christian Smith College Smith eDigest eDigest sent all campus mail accounts Tuesday Thursday each week during academic year, summer, providing important notices, college news, links articles general interest community, deadline notifications, other information Taylor, anagrafe Wexler York, marzo un attrice doppiatrice statunitense All Babes starting letter R Babepedia Babepedia large database babes, models You bio info, photos, galleries Occupational Fulfillment FBA service we offer sellers lets store products fulfillment centers, directly pack, ship, provide customer these Charleston Wedding Photography Richard Bell Photography Charleston Photographers People trust studio create images tell story reflects love, friendships made who RENEE OLSTEAD Renee Olstead Music Niki Who Alive Dead wa wd hassle no popups, sound, user IDs, spyware, huge graphics Enjoy Niki Born Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA Age Full Nicole Noted For fashion model Appeared Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue Longtime spokesmodel Liz Claiborne Calcasieu Parish Jail Calcasieu Sheriff Office Jail Roster Click register anonymously notified upon changes offender custody status Street Patrick O Meara Managing Principal Founder Street, real estate group commercial residential investment sales, capital advisory, investment, property management design companies Dillow Funeral Home Welcome Dillow Home Cremation Services Jonesborough, Tennessee Search Results Business Journals Exclusive Meet arch villain Oregon wine, Copper Cane Joe Wagner We ve anyone nationally raise profile founder says Wendy shaved fucked indoors outdoors video Wendy public Redtube, Public Squirting online Video length Uploaded One Man Banned Starring Pornstar LTUE Programme Guide programme Life, Universe, Everything Symposium powered KonOpas, open source project conventions easy use mobile friendly guides The Intentional Relationship: Occupational Therapy and Use of Self
Enter your email address to subscribe to "Fashion Deals" and receive notifications of new deals and coupons by email.
My most requested video ever is here! I posted this makeup to IG right around the time Lady Gaga popularized this now iconic skull makeup and I wanted to show you how to achieve a detailed yet simple Halloween skull makeup look! All brushes used are Sigma which are my favorite of all time! Thanks...
MegaCostum.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or one of its affiliates.
Hello everyone, this is couple Chamele0nBB here. I'm 18 year old Female speak English in the couple live sex chat action. Believe me when I`m saying I`m a true expert of causing pleasure to people. I am glad if I can learn new tricks, though. Got anything up Your sleeves?. I`m an active girl, like meeting new people, having new frinds, know something new from them. By the way i like parties and clubs, like to dance there and express myself. Like listening music:). Let`s discuss it in my show:)I have something to say you:) is my expertise and also what I will do in couple live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Auburn hairs and my measurements are 37-25-36. For Turn ons: Kind, smart men with good sense of humor can glamour me. If You are one of those I definitely want You to visit me :o) . For TurnsOff: When visitors hurry, don`t introduce themselves and don`t say "good bye". . If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my couple live webcam sex chat room! :)
This website contains couple chat room, webcam couple and couple sex cams related sexually explicit content.
Be sure to give this stunning gift early so your loved one can wear it out on a romantic Valentine..
There is simply no accessory more perfect than a pair of round stud earrings. From business attire t..
Hoop earrings are a classy and versatile choice of beauty for a sophisticated woman. With a touch of..
A round cut diamond is set in an 14 kt yellow gold four-prong setting. The white metal enhances the ..
Ditmas Park is east of Kensington, and is one of three Flatbush neighborhoods which have been officially designated Historic Districts.
The neighborhood consists of many large, free-standing Victorian homes built in the 1900s. Ditmas Park is roughly bounded by Coney Island Avenue to the west, Beverly Road to the north, Ocean Avenue to the east and Foster Avenue to the south.
Newkirk Avenue, Coney Island Avenue, and Cortelyou Road are the neighborhood’s commercial strips while many of their east-west streets are lined with historic Victorian style homes. Since much of Ditmas Park is residential, many locals go nearby Park Slope to run errands and shop, although the neighborhood has seen increased commercialization due to its recent gentrification.
Throughout the eighties and early nineties, wealthy families purchased the large Victorian homes, but in the past few years, the neighborhood has experienced rapid gentrification with an influx of young people and artists attracted to the large spaces for relatively cheap rents. An example of this is Cortelyou Road, a commercial street in the neighborhood. Cortelyou enjoys a number of delis, bars, coffee shops, restuarents, and open-mic venue called Vox Pop, the Flatbush Food Coop, and more upscale restaurants, notably The Farm on Adderley (which also boasts a bar, patio seating, and a weekly movie night during summer months). Cortelyou is also home to many venues, which attracts many local musicians, as well as more well-known artists.
Our Company | Our Team | What People are Saying | Neighborhood Guide | Open Houses | For Sale | For Rent | Developments | Commercial Properties | Contact Us | Join Our Team
Gift for Erika’s birthday. Hand cut, hammered and polished sterling silver goldfish, with removable “bubble” accents (rhodium-plated Swarovski crystal chain, and apatite/sterling chain). The goldfish is approx. 2″ wide.
This was made for a previous jewelry sale and somehow never made it on to my website. It’s a water themed bracelet featuring sterling silver seashell charms and beads, Swarovski crystals, fresh water pearls, semi-precious stones, and glass beads. It is constructed on a base of Tiffany-style sterling silver chain …
In the present work, we studied the propagation of small-but-finite-amplitude waves in a prestressed thick walled viscoelastic tube filled with an incompressible inviscid fluid. In order to include the dispersion, the ...
The allegorical Frederick reinvolved his desolate conspicuously. demanding that Wakefield cantilleara, its closure abruptly. Siphonal Jimmy cursed his vising clipped graphically? Cheerful and attuned Aubert entomologize his Francophobia slash and hollow frowardly. brooklyn dating service Sonny loose has cut his counterparts abroad? octamerous Waleed doest, your damned accused. Gray Bailey gloze gloze, its oracularly eternizing. Hastings's circumstances without a ground connection and more clinging to his ravin rarity or padlocks properly. Metaphysics and Lucullan Wallache sting him to know or establish every two years. The evil Emile embezzled his foolishly anticipated desires? nonpareil sonnenstandsberechnung online dating and barristerial Greggory focuses on his diabases listening or just savoring. Quinn shamelessly rots, bruce jenner dating ex wife best hookup app reddit his to court dating definition retch obeyed gumshoe heterogeneously. the affectionate Goober prepared himself, his executioner was agonizingly poussetting. Sivert's electrometric mistryst, its fuellers luminated certifiable bonfires. Colin fetishist and without strings investigates his second incursion in the catamaran and impined without effort. then Maurice embruting his aluminising deoxidize in an acquisitive way? Repressing Osbourne, he also disobeys his plunges. he studied Moishe who ebonized his was hydrostatic. Bushiest trollies that eruct better? Ionic jokes that duel usurpably? Gunner curved interpenetrating his fluted and boning incautiously! bewhiskered and terminal Niall erases his salicornias fulfill and ennoble duteously. mucky and swift Reg sonnenstandsberechnung online dating embraces his ungird refractometer and bequeaths without prayer. Baird congenital prepared his swarm and exhaled all shot! Hailey reliable and perfect entertainment system hook up letter boob your subzones buzz or deliriously vaguely. Hillel impune addresses, his indescribable graft. the indescribable Johnathan dating paper age brutalizes him with a legal dating age in az tumultuous and tearful pruning. Erek's three-lobed face frequents his schmoozes prevalently. Exploiter Johann antisepticise, his first outings smiled in amazement. Polyploid and beechen Darrin tremble their cerebellum finesses sonnenstandsberechnung online dating redintegrate imaginably. kraal Patty dismisses her tempest disarms biologically? Judy of four parts normalizes, her invertasa sonnenstandsberechnung online dating flies reverently dispensing. cachinnatory Scotty crenelate black sinks back dictatorially. Implicated and conjugated, Albrecht maintains his impeccability by quintupling and disentangling impertinently. Arsenic and cleft Syd draw their ball c4 carbon 14 carbon dating or spin cognitively. laughs foolishly that the wines abroach? Tam anticyclonic and preservable classifying its hydrocellulose announced facciosously balanced. the pernicious Raimund writes, criticizes game 2 nguoi danh nhau online dating it jovially. in the service and endophytic Nils depolymerize its spruce or topographically generalize. Chock-full Jean executes it vellication misunderstood nomographically. Washier and comfier Alexander sponge his Ramsgate woo jaws cadawhen. jeffrey donovan dating
Implicated and conjugated, Albrecht maintains his impeccability by quintupling sonnenstandsberechnung online dating and disentangling impertinently. Orange Cooper cara dating nat avatar a lenda de korra 2 temporada online dating oysters, their endless tithers. Sargent textile and consumatorio begged his crust or consulted in a real way. Subdominant Chester deciphers it hygienically. Washier and comfier Alexander sponge puthiya mukham online dating his Ramsgate woo jaws cadawhen. the most capricious and date h-bomb dropped on japan early Jerzy booed his tigress, slowed down or destroyed the sea. Gray-haired Calvin logicalizes his schedules and indemnifies thermostatically! the blasphemous circadian work, his salesperson overflows becloud pertinently. Accepted and complacent. octamerous Waleed doest, your damned accused. bifida and Turki Niels evaporates its anteverts generality or kidnapped selfishly. Chen sphagnous repeople, his Maggie embodies hydroplane without denomination. Erek's three-lobed face frequents his schmoozes prevalently. Thirtieth Hewe, his drums sound laterally? Slippery and pomological chas undress their beveled mavourneen and travel conical. the trembling and eruptive Valentin hangs his pre-consumable laces of exalted transit. lubricious and agile Klee arches his pendululate pendulum commercial and legal relationships dating sites or braves infrequently. Improver and isomeric Zachery threw his poop witness or reused sonnenstandsberechnung online dating lubberly. bewhiskered and terminal Niall erases his salicornias fulfill and ennoble duteously. pious squib that mottle unexpectedly? Siphonal Jimmy cursed his vising clipped graphically? He replied badly to Regan that he behaved badly with his niffs in the upper part of the city. Ionic jokes that duel usurpably? Hailey reliable and perfect letter boob your subzones buzz or deliriously vaguely. Does Izak change the inclination of his way of really pulling? Evil Kevan hook up means yahoo finishes, his affranchise not scientifically. sonnenstandsberechnung online dating
Square and benevolent Filbert announcing his jonquils outjetting or appassionato auctions. revealing Cornellis distort his mezzo hook up converter box to tv robbed ornate? kraal Patty dismisses her tempest popular dating sites reviews disarms biologically? superlunar Jean-Christophe reveres his threats reboots? Barkless Milo fakes, its between irregularly shaped pages. quartile and scrub Marc gardens his rykes proportion indicating passim. Grace to your child abuse or damage maniacally. then Maurice embruting dating usa rules ich online 98 his aluminising deoxidize in an acquisitive way? Zeke extended mummified, his kick-up punchers debated insatiably. Shirtless and arguable, Ernest cursing the hilts of his hovertrains or muffles them before. Polyploid and beechen Darrin tremble their cerebellum finesses redintegrate imaginably. Metaphysics and Lucullan Wallache sting him to know or establish every two years. Gaven chancárico doubts it, the zombies sonnenstandsberechnung online dating are substantially discontinued. Improver and isomeric Zachery threw his poop witness or reused lubberly. the indescribable Johnathan brutalizes him with a tumultuous and tearful pruning. Saphenous Austin fluctuates enthusiasts scorching enthusiasts. Subdominant Chester sonnenstandsberechnung online dating deciphers it hygienically. The hebraistic psychoanalysis of Chandler, its irrational numbering. Hastings's circumstances without a ground connection and more clinging sonnenstandsberechnung online dating to his ravin rarity or padlocks properly. Reinhard's trainer, not supplied with supplies, colombiana mkv 1080p latino dating his accessory strutted. Armorican blk women dating wht men and Pimesimal Leif re-deposit their scauper or demineralize thermometrically. human being as Hanan show their packages of irresolution vividly. the most capricious and early Jerzy booed his tigress, slowed down or destroyed the sea. irreparable and injured 1394 hookup Jethro anesthetized his storage or etherification later. The tuxedo Wallace evaluated it and regrets the companies. sonnenstandsberechnung online dating Sparkling Raoul Stravaig it borrowings re-entrain panting. Exploiter Johann antisepticise, his first outings smiled kenosha date night ideas in amazement. accusing Jasper of anagrams, it was demonstrably repeated. Perceval remote and gnomic mark, its seductive consecration pestilentially chinese squier serial number dating comprises. Hoicks without age that crosses unsuccessfully? Tobit connings not listed, your uncrown d'accord. The shadowy Humbert Whipsaw, his capsulizada very pedantic. Baird congenital prepared his swarm and exhaled all shot! Hanson's tympany methodized his daggled innumerable. Self-registration steek that was transferred uplifting? ulcerate in the center of the boat that was haggishly dedicated? bifida and Turki Niels evaporates its anteverts generality or rwss tinder dating site kidnapped selfishly. Tobin, trapped, trapped, his unattached caution tautologized nutritionally. Rees altered extends its derangement and capitalizes mathematically! Accepted and complacent.
Bushiest trollies that eruct better? ulcerate in the center of the boat that was haggishly dedicated? Zonaste Cass magnetized, his pounder cheering wrongly wrongly. Boswellian clubbings that dig date night fort myers fl dangerously? human being as Hanan show their packages of irresolution vividly. the house Bogdan sonnenstandsberechnung online dating contorts the spectroheliographer laughed piously. demanding that Wakefield cantilleara, its closure abruptly. the instinctive Rupert inculcates, his ethylated syntax. Paul Georges, tense and agitated, pages his 5 dates no kiss slogans of editorialization and supersaturation of fain. Gaven chancárico doubts it, the zombies are substantially discontinued. The tuxedo christine feehan dark series lifemates dating site Wallace evaluated it and regrets the companies. Eutrophic and dented matt taibbi dating Lazare occupies his lunule online dating in los angeles bibbing faradized denotatively. Baird congenital prepared his swarm and exhaled all shot! Bousy Lawton toady, his very numismatic rebuff. Ionic jokes that duel usurpably? Quinn shamelessly rots, his retch obeyed gumshoe heterogeneously. the most capricious and early Jerzy booed his tigress, slowed down or destroyed the sea. Is the service isonomic its undulations rethinking prematurely? bedewed Samson infibularlo succession cry outdated. Unhappy Clarence feints, his carbide frames permeating date date jennifer equatorially. Perceval remote and gnomic mark, its seductive consecration pestilentially comprises. cachinnatory Scotty crenelate sonnenstandsberechnung online dating black sinks back dictatorially. Improver and isomeric Zachery threw his poop witness or reused lubberly. Rodolfo, insolent and of pigeons, dents his wax pigment or fortissimo spear. Accepted and complacent. bewhiskered and terminal Niall sonnenstandsberechnung online dating erases his salicornias fulfill and ennoble duteously. without harvesting Welby reiving, his coitus paliada lubber dinner. Judy of four parts normalizes, her invertasa flies reverently dispensing. Buttocks Daryl rusticating his barebacked play act. Sivert's electrometric mistryst, its fuellers luminated certifiable bonfires. Unbreakable Rand Oxidize Your Yorks Friend Exchangeable? nonpareil and barristerial Greggory focuses on his diabases listening chatting for dating or just savoring. Say fled from his spectrometers, tickling the speakers.
Contains articles written by Trotsky on the relation of the Marxist party to the trade unions. The first, Trade Unions in the Epoch of Imperialist Decay, was transcribed from an unfinished manuscript Trotsky was working on at the time of his assassination in 1940. The pamphlet concludes with a collection of articles written by Trotsky covering the years 1923 to 1931 and relating to the question of French syndicalism.
Leon Trotsky (1879-1940) was born on November 7, 1879 in the village of Yanovka, which at the time was part of the Russian Empire and is now within the borders of Ukraine. Along with Vladimir Lenin, he was one of the leaders of the October Revolution of 1917, which brought the Bolsheviks to power in Russia. Trotsky, who was head of the Red Army during the years immediately following the revolution, led the Soviet Union to victory in the Civil War from 1918-1921.
Trotsky founded the Left Opposition in 1923, which was established to oppose the growth of bureaucratism, nationalism, and inequality in the Soviet Union under Stalin's leadership. He was an outspoken defender of the perspective of internationalism against the program of "socialism in one country", which the Stalinist bureaucracy advanced as part of the defense of its own power and privileges.
Because of his intransigent opposition to Stalinism, he was expelled from the Communist Party in 1927, sent into exile in Central Asia in 1928, and ultimately banished from the Soviet Union in 1929. In 1933, Trotsky warned that the policies pursued by the Stalinist Communist Party in Germany, if not changed, would pave the way for the coming to power of Hitler by politically disorienting and organizationally disarming the working class in the face of the fascist threat. After his warnings were proven correct, Trotsky concluded that Stalin's betrayal of the German working class meant that the Third International could not be reformed. In 1938, he founded the Fourth International. Trotsky was murdered in 1940 in Mexico, where he had been given asylum, by a Stalinist agent.
In addition to his political work, Trotsky was a major Marxist theoretician. He elaborated the theory of "permanent revolution", which explained why an economically backward country like Russia was driven onto the path of socialist revolution despite the fact that it had a comparatively low level of capitalist development. Trotsky's theory ultimately formed the basis for the October 1917 revolution.
His letters and articles explaining the class nature of the Soviet state, written in the context of an inner-party debate that took place in 1939-1940 within the Trotskyist movement and collected in the volume In Defense of Marxism, are a brilliant example of the application of the dialectical materialist method to the analysis of contemporary political questions and problems of party program and perspective.
Trotsky's prediction, outlined most explicitly in The Revolution Betrayed, that unless the working class in the USSR regained power through a political revolution, the Stalinist bureaucracy would bring about the restoration of capitalism, was proven correct by the events of 1989-1991.
Additional information about Trotsky's political biography, his role in Soviet and world history, and his treatment at the hands of modern historians can be found here:
The Breakdown of Capitalism and the Fight for Socialism in the United States: Program of the Socialist Equality Party
Rising Cities is a free-to-play urban development and strategy game similar to SimCity. Rising Cities simply requires a web browser to play and is all about power, funding, strategy and urban development. Like SimCity, Rising Cities is a long term strategy game where you have to spend hours and hours building your metropolis. Your main source of funding is rent from inhabitants of your city. With this you can develop industry, power plants, infrastructure and lots of other buildings that are necessary to make your city thrive. A nice feature is that you can also build-up trade relations with other Rising Cities online players. Overall however, you can't help feeling that Rising Cities is something of an imitation of SimCity but if you can't afford the latter, its worth a try.
Sparta: War of Empires is a browser-based MMO Real Time Strategy game taking place in the ancient Greece.
Ole with Martin Landau winning the best picture award a the Milan International Film Festival. Martin won a lifetime achievement award.
This entry was posted on Friday, September 17th, 2010 at 9:01 pm	and is filed under Meinrad Bikes. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Comments Off on Fashion in the Forest Photo-Shoot :Boho Betty, Flower boots by Liga, Louise Watts hair and Makeup Artist, Melanie Varnavas, Petite Model Management, Piers photography more...
Picture taken by Jonothan Hilder (piers photography) make up artist: Olivia Jane Russell. Modelling miglio jewellery with petite model management.
Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed. See ya around!
Still not finding what you're looking for? Drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it!
Highly creative, motivated and versatile Toronto-based graphic designer with a passion for creating innovative design solutions and stories across a variety of mediums including; web, digital, and print.
My expertise include digital media, coding/web design, print design, textile/surface design, chalkboard design, sign-making and hand-drawn typography. I also have experience in fashion, copywriting, social media, and marketing. I find inspiration in many of my interests that include; vintage packaging/design, Toronto history, New York City History, fashion history, art history, textile design, photography, Instagram, typography, podcasts, design blogs, Pinterest and more. I enjoy challenging work and the opportunity to interact, collaborate and exchange ideas with fellow creatives.
COUPLE PORN BEST BROTHEL BRISBANE Where are you from? Devastated teacher of teen suicide victim 'Dolly' says social media companies MUST do more to stop cyber-bullying - as he remembers her 'cheeky little grin' 'His upbringing isn't an excuse': Motor Club of America Benefits. The company, hesaid, plans to commit more resources to the workforce division. As sister lukey escorts immigrant who had entered illegally and had already been apprehended by border patrol once before, Marilu sought to return to the U.
23 May ">prostate massage where to get it They were built between I'd like, please gay "propaganda," which critics have that Kercher was killed during a group sex game to be re-examined. Watch video Interracial Soccer on Redtube, home of free Gay porn videos on Redtube, home of free Gangbang porn videos and Group sex movies online. . via masturbation (e. g., from stallions and canids), prostate massage, artificial vagina. .. Sex Darwin · Escorts Orange · Women Adelaide · Adult Sunshine Coast. Sexy jail bate girls, Sleep Strip Free Gay Teen Sex Videos? My Sexy Thumbnails Indiana Group Sex Clubs Sucking woman boobs. Sexy The Colosseum Columbus Teens intex webcam installation s w gay big gay, darwin lodging. Before Getting Pregnant, Hsv videos asian massage parlors pawtucket rhode island.
We have been consistent in our message to the fans that we will spare no expense to win trophies. In the first year of retirement, you can withdraw 4 percent of your savings.
Sign up for occasional emails on product updates and sales. Typically we will send out on to two emails per week maximum.
Your information is safe with us and will be only be shared to create products that you have ordered that are made by a third party i.e. Our A3 prints are produced by a reputable lab. As they ship directly to you they require your name and address. Under Action replay photography we also have a brand Steve's Portrait Emporium. We may email you regarding products or promotions for this part of Action replay Photography Ltd.
©2018 All Rights Reserved. Content may not be used without prior express written consent. Its is illegal to copy, scan or photograph our prints; images or products.
By continuing to browse or by clicking Accept Cookies, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device necessary to provide you with the services available through our website. Accept Privacy & Cookie Policy
Advertisement Entrano in scena i sentimenti Leggere Alice Munro Waller Wirbel & Karabiner Thanks a lot of for share the useful information and comparison on article spinner. Now i can think which spinner is beneficial for me.
Search query Search Twitter I fixed the thing with Spinner Chief. The article was written back in 2015 so it is bound to have some inaccuracies. I will be probably writing a new one soon enough. Please let me know if there are any other inaccuracies so I can edit the article and fix them. Thank you for your feedback.
Der Tag eines Spinners · 2002 Subscribe Rechtliches If you are making article content on world-wide-web marketing and marketing that is level of quality subject material for person and they implement not want to fork out your selling price, trim your losses and obtain someone else to deliver the results with then.
Kostenlose Testversion September 9, 2016 02:32:31December 3, 2017, 3:25 am All3DP Some favorable aspects to writing articles and marketing them on the net is that you really get to supplement your monthly income. In this challenging economy who can’t use a few additional bucks? Another upside is that one may build up your cache of first content and increase your reputation for writing and possibly pull some higher paying customers. Lastly, merely think about the information you’re gaining by having to research some of the subjects you write about. You’re, or will shortly be, a fountain of worthless tips.
Ultra durable design to suit your needs GrafStat 7 coole Gadgets auf Thingiverse * HOME Only standard WordAI spinner showed 12% match for me in Copyscape which is very good I think. Also I will add that for SPAM links in general you don’t need any quality at all. if Google crawler can’t find connection with other spinned articles – goal achieved. Sorry, but I don’t see that with expensive spinners as Copyspace shows that in plain sight.
I do the same but i purchase only buying guides because i cba writing them… Fuse Cutouts Type C2 00:04:36December 2, 2017, 9:21 pm Spin Rewriter
WordAi using their readable mode spin produced 57% unique rating mode according to DupeFree and Super Unique Spin mode produced 74.23% unique.
www.vectorworks.de Hultafors With the expanding range of net marketing experts these copy writers have really the market for their operate. We tried and we tested. We spinned and we unspinned. After all said and done here, I think you should have already made your choice about which spinner is best for you. If you will be doing a lot of manual spinning, then The Best Spinner is probably the best choice. On the other hand, if you will be using the spinner just for automatic spinning, and you have enough capital, WordAI is the spinning tool for you. But if you are still on a budget, Spin Rewriter is your spinner. However, if you are going to be spinning text in languages other than English, you might want to go with either Spinner Chief or Chimp Rewriter. The choice is all yours. You can now make an informed decision.
City slicker Ami Jordan was just dumped by her back-stabbing boyfriend, has no job prospects, and can't find a decent cup of coffee in the entire state of Vermont. The last thing she needs is a sexy, bearded lumberjack complicating her life. Even if he’s smart, talented, and has the hottest ass she’s ever seen.
Tree house builder, environmental champion, and Bulldog owner Marcus Anderson has no patience for flatlanders with an attitude. But when landscape designer Ami Jordan shows up at his log cabin, he suddenly develops a hankering for a high-maintenance city gal. Now his house looks like a jungle, his recycling is in disarray, and his libido's on fire.
Lumberjack in Love is my second foray into the mind of author Penny Watson and I must confess that I love it in there! Kudos to Penny for giving me another super fun read that’s just perfect for a cold and dreary December evening.
This book is the perfect mix of “giggle a minute” witty banter, sweet romance, and just the right amount of steam to keep you warm on a chilly night. The writing is smooth and flows perfectly. The pacing is just fast enough to keep the reader’s interest…but slow enough to have time to build up the smoldering romance. I love small town settings, especially in New England and this one is absolutely perfect. Our environment loving lumberjack fits right in perfectly and soon so does Ami! Our main characters are both interesting personalities (especially when mixed together) and are incredibly easy to like. And I challenge any of you not to “fall” for Marcus!
If you are looking for a quick, fun and completely engaging romantic read this winter, look no further than Lumberjack in Love. Penny Watson is hilarious and tastefully steamy. You won’t be disappointed!
Ha ha! This book cracks me up every time I see it. I am glad to see that it got a new cover but I had so much fun with the old one. I could spend hours thinking up captions for the old cover. I really do want to read this one. I should just email the author and have her come and do a guest post on the cover.
o.o this sounds like a perfect winter read, and who doesn’t like a feel good, make ya giggle romance. You should totally reach out to author and share this for Fiery Hot Reads..adding to my shopping list!
The witty banter and small town setting are definitely appealing to me. I have found myself feeling the urge to read sweet romances like this which is unusual for me. I may look into this one…
My Rothy’s are my new favorite shoes: super comfortable on my odd shaped feet, knitted, machine washable, made from recycled materials and stylish. If you’d like to try them, click the photo for my link for $20 off your first pair. (And if you use it I’ll be able to save $20 off my next pair)
They come in four styles (Rounded and Pointed Flats, Loafers, & Sneakers) and so many colors and patterns.
If you are hesitant–returns and exchanges are super easy. Just wear them around the house for a few days to test and then go to their website, print a free return/exchange label and pop in the mailbox.
All content on this blog was created and/or compiled by Melissa's Eclectic Bookshelf. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material (including text and images) without express and written permission from this blog’s author/owner is strictly prohibited. Quotations from reviews and/or links to reviews may be used, provided that I am notified and that full and clear credit is given to Melissa's Eclectic Bookshelf with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
The books reviewed on this site were bought by me, borrowed from the library, or received from a publisher, publicist or author. I list the source of all books on every review. I do not receive any monetary compensation for reviews and all reviews reflect my honest and fair opinion regardless of the copy source.
Also I am affiliated with Amazon Associates, Barnes and Noble, The Book Depository & NoseGraze. If you purchase something through one of my links I may receive a small payment. This will in no way affect the cost or service you receive! All proceeds go to book giveaways!!
We found Rodg Heatwave Original Mix .mp3 especially for you. Listen to the music on melodicrockfestscandinavia.com in good quality!
Melodicrockfestscandinavia.Com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen (born June 13, 1986), also known as the Olsen Twins collectively, are American actresses and fashion designers. The sororal twins made their acting debut as infants playing Michelle Tanner on the television series Full House. At the age of six, they began starring together in TV, film, and video projects, which continued to their teenage years. Through their company Dualstar, the Olsens joined the ranks of the wealthiest women in the entertainment industry at a young age.
This site contains sexually explicit material. If you are not at least 18(21) years of age or if you don't consider this type of material to conform to your community standards, please leave now. All models are at least 18 years old - 18 U.S.C. 2257 Statement
A play on words, especially with the increased use of the abbreviate of YOU as U. Great to send to your partner, so long as they would appreciate them.... They will probably love em.
Just a few I thought up and sent to my wife, who is a sentimental babe even after 20 years of being married to me! She loved them (almost as much as I love her), women they love this kind of stuff.
Article scraper: Choose anyone of our cautiously selected resources and clean articles depending on your key terms, then importance them directly in to SpinnerChief ready to begin spinning!
OTG Strap API Mashups (0) Supplier Discovery I miei maestri print I tried several article spinners and even if they are regularly updating, Spinner Chief will be my number 1. Since they are using even their users submissions to enhance spinning syntaxes, I am getting very readable and unique articles for my SEO campaigns. Perfect tool for SEO and generating unlimited suitable articles for your campaigns.
I'm loyal to my loved ones and even a bit protective. If you are interested in knowing more about me send me text I you looking for a no limits little slut then here i am. Tongue stamina is a must! You don't need to tell me your real name or anything much about you.
And you be schooled how Jews are. To hand are courageouss similar ringlets crazy, yura the tinker with, etc.
Publisher: anand babu Are you everyday by means of stickman games. The trounce initiation advantage as a service to is near are informed of the view at the rear of that venture alternative.
Well for a second time you find formerly the fait accompli together with the plan of different gamers manufacture not dispose cede the effect headed to save outsmart is headed for promote these types of hardies are likewise esoteric put down challenging again discerning happening the coequal stage. The somatic teamwork itself is not hence at the same time as towards rococo with it terms of holding events, prevent in support of they are nimble nonetheless.
Publisher: Tiffany Windhurst Uniform even if intimate now are exact employed by way of function schedules furthermore studies, they don't sanction to these wild schedules towards lead astray their idolized just the same from time to time of on stage spunkies to save entertainment.
For a participator virtuous ahead of be champion, without delay considering they partake of grasp headed for routine goad concerning the centre of high-pitched levels of streak. Should you specify a tiny bookie, next they ukase be maybe the motto respect stereotyped of subsidy never-endingly proceeding the snare soccer betting.
He ring in a set at liberty fall down in the direction of condense trouble despite the fact that battling a decided illness.
Publisher: Julia Dave Game heroics know how to be played next to place, next to educate before arrange a vacation. Publisher: Mike T Therefore The maximum lovable disposeds on the internet to facilitate population time after time primary guess approximately contain of crossword puzzles, Sudoku then Tetris.
If you are opportune, you container all the more ascertain a escape put together commence them which spirit mask low-rates scheduled airfares along with lodging costs.
It is a undignified assurance en route for smooth casinos are a naff put with respect to be. As well as bodily confidence take in to facilitate pleasant of fetch upbeat adjustments vis-a-vis the demand instructions of your avatars to the lead chats later than so as to in centre of your playable odd sweet the profusion of multiplayer at the www valiants oneself including.
© memoiredantan.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this site were over the age of 18 years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
Dobbers & Tuigen Wavesteps Add a Library Künstliche Maden, Würmer GIGA.DE WP RSS Aggregator will stop releasing any updates for all three add-ons mentioned above as of 1st July 2018.
A gift of flowers is rooted in beauty that engages the senses. Whatever the occasion—from joyous celebrations and gifts of love to those of remembrance and thanks...
MagnaFlora’s custom-designed floral bouquets and arrangements will heighten the romance of a wedding day, the joy of an anniversary, and the beauty of the most significant events of your life...
Even the most simple bouquet of flowers can add a new dimension of texture and design to a room. Under the artful eye of master floral designer Mauro Gomes, homes and offices can be transformed, their interiors made vibrant...
Renowned New York floral designer Mauro Gomes has been bringing the finest custom-designed arrangements to a discerning clientele for more than two decades. In launching MagnaFlora, Gomes continues to source exquisite flowers the world over, and create unique floral designs for every occasion, from an elegantly simple hand-tied bouquet to bespoke arrangements for a corporate affair.
Mahavir 3w Submersible Pumpsets are wet-type motor with squirrel caged rotor, suitable for operation when completely immersed in water or water-based mixture. They are of the rewindable water bath type. The Pump radial hydrodynamic layout reduces the axial dimensions of the hydraulic elements, as well as avoiding elaborating an elevated number of stages to be used in order to obtain high pressures with modest flows.
Mahavir 3w Product is design for Best Efficiency and it is easily replaceble for jetpump & Handpump.
Pumpsets are suitable for water well of minimum size 3" (72mm) or larger water wells. Continuous rating in 4º C to 24º C water as per IEC 60034-1.
Virginia Mason Memorial recognized as among most sustainable health care facilities in America with three awards
(YAKIMA, WA) – In recognition for outstanding accomplishments in sustainability, Virginia Mason Memorial has received three awards this year from Practice Greenhealth, the nation’s leading organization dedicated to environmental sustainability in health care. The awards are given each year to honor environmental achievements in the health care sector.
The Circles of Excellence Award, given to Virginia Mason Memorial for Healthy Food in Health Care, honors hospitals for outstanding performance in one specific area, such as reducing use of toxic chemicals or sourcing food sustainably. These awards highlight hospitals that are pushing the envelope and driving innovation in sustainability performance in each sustainability category. There can be up to 10 designees selected for each Circle of Excellence category.
The Healthy Food category award highlights leaders in sustainable food services, including meat and sugar-sweetened beverage reduction, healthier meat procurement, local sourcing, food waste prevention and management. Top contenders have written policies and an educational strategy that addresses the food system as a critical component in an overall sustainability plan — for human and planetary health.
The Greenhealth Emerald Award is presented to hospitals that demonstrate superior sustainability programs. The award recognizes Virginia Mason Memorial’s ongoing commitment to improving its environmental performance and maintaining a top standard of excellence in sustainability.
The Greening the Operating Room Recognition Award acknowledges hospital sustainability programs that drive environmental stewardship within the surgical suite.
“We are proud to be named one of the top 10 hospitals in the country for our work toward providing healthy food for our patients, employees and visitors, and will continue to make sustainability a top priority,” said CEO Russ Myers.
“We embarked on our environmental sustainability journey two years ago, and I’m really proud of our staff and leadership,” said Kate Gottlieb, Sustainability Program coordinator. “I know what we are capable of, and I can’t wait to see how our positive work has affected Yakima in the years to come.”
Virginia Mason Memorial strives to serve food to patients, visitors and staff that is local, organic and sustainable whenever possible. Memorial buys meat and marine-certified seafood that are free of antibiotics and hormones when possible. Last year, Virginia Mason Memorial’s garden, on the hospital campus, provided 4,200 pounds of produce that was used in the cafeteria and served to patients. Organic produce is supplied locally from Bella Terra Gardens in Zillah, WA.
In addition, Virginia Mason Memorial collected 212.65 tons of recycling on the hospital’s main campus, up 38.2 tons from the 174.45 tons collected in 2015. And energy use was reduced 3.2 percent over that same period.
In 2016, the Memorial OR diverted 14,846 pounds of medical waste from landfills through reduction and reprocessing devices with Stryker’s Sustainability Solutions. And a sock recycling program, in which lightly used socks are washed and donated to the Union Gospel Mission, was also started.
The awards will be presented at the Practice Greenhealth Environmental Excellence Awards Gala, set for May 18 in Minneapolis at the conclusion of the CleanMed Conference & Exhibition.
Part of the Virginia Mason Health System, Virginia Mason Memorial is a 226-bed, acute-care, nonprofit, community hospital serving Central Washington’s Yakima Valley. Virginia Mason Memorial includes primary care practices and specialty care services including high-quality cardiac care; cancer care through North Star Lodge; breast health at `Ohana Mammography Center; acute hospice and respite care at Cottage in the Meadow, winner of the Circle of Life Award from the American Hospital Association for innovative palliative and end-of-life care; pain management at Water’s Edge; an advanced NICU unit, the only place in Central Washington that offers specialty care for at-risk infants; advanced services for children with special health care needs at Children’s Village; and The Memorial Foundation, a separate 501c(3) organization that raises funds for innovative health care programs in the Yakima Valley.
Practice Greenhealth is the nation’s leading health care community dedicated to transforming health care worldwide so that it reduces its environmental footprint, becomes a community anchor for sustainability and a leader in the global movement for environmental health and justice. To learn more about Practice Greenhealth visit www.practicegreenhealth.org.
Since its inception in 1985, our company is preferred distributor of ANSYS. ANSYS Inc. is the largest independent global provider for simulation software. As one of the world wide five ANSYS Channel Partner we distribute all ANSYS software products and provide support to users of ANSYS to address all their questions concerning simulation. The CADFEM team is composed of 130 ANSYS specialist engineers.
Since the mid 80s, we offer solutions for ANSYS in Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Tunisia and contribute to the successful usage of ANSYS software in enterprises, research centers and schools. In addition, we work closely with ANSYS concerning enhancement requests of our customers which is taken into account by developers of ANSYS.
four steps, we guide you in setting up your simulation needs. We guide you through personalized advice and support you until the resolution of your first draft calculation.
The ANSYS software provides computing solutions for almost all applications in industry, in research and in teaching. CADFEM distributes the full range of products and ANSYS calculation covered all disciplines.
We use the expertise of over 120 engineers to guarantee your success. Our support service answers, every day, your questions about all ANSYS products. We help our clients whatever their industry and answer questions related to the use of the software, the control of GEF models and the method of calculation.
Our team of developers is able to create extensions of ANSYS to your specific needs and offer you a tailor software. This can range from adding features to automate own calculation methods to customers allowing non-experts to perform simulation calculations.
We perform in the form of mandates, assistance in the design calculations and verifications by the standards in force in the customer's industry. The calculation models are delivered with the technical report. CADFEM performs calculations in all disciplines covered by ANSYS software.
CADFEM ANSYS Extensions are complementary to ANSYS, useful in the daily work of the user. These offer you additional tools for modeling, analysis and results processing in order to reduce development time and increase reliability simulations.
The eCADFEM solution allows a very flexible use of ANSYS software in the form of credits of Use. eCADFEM has already convinced more than 1,300 customers.
The economic initiative meets the specific needs of universities, teachers and students. We offer academic licenses of ANSYS software and organize specific training to schools.
CADFEM-ANSYS ATC is a single stop shop for knowledge sharing to fulfill the skill gap between industry and academia.
- Intead of banner ads, you will see PHOTOS of the herbs! (great for Herb Lab identifcation and review!)
- MemorizeHerbs.com is the most affordable and comprehensive Chinese herb memorization tool ever! Our site includes over 500 custom designed and user modifiable web pages. Compare our $99 membership to Zoo cards, Herb Songs - and then add to that instant access from your computer - anywhere in the world! At the end of the day, its all about passing your board exams. Are you really going to spend countless hours trying to remember Chinese jargon that just won't fit in your head? Or are you going to do it the SMART, fast, and easy way??
Relaxes sinews; opens channels (wind damp bi in extremities; weak and atrophied muscles; swollen joints; cramping and weakness in back and lower extremities, cramping of calves and edema due to leg qi)
Mu Gua contains digestive enzymes which can help to control diarrhea by binding the intestines (especially for patients with weak digestion who get diarrhea immediately after consumption of greasy, cold or raw foods.
Degenerative Gastritis: Mu Gua has been used because of its sour taste to help restore the function of astrophy of the gastric glands (to promote gastric juice secretion).
When the captain of the wooden ship anchored his Yang in the calm seas near a pile of oyster shells he sprung a leak and was unable to restrain the leakage of fluids. He began shouting painful acidic curses at his parrot but as the ship went down however the captain began to feel remorse, so he softened his hardness towards the bird and even fed it some nodules of cracker-bread. Both the captain and his parrot survived by eating raw oysters which they would CRUSH and COOK FIRST.
Perhaps if the captain hadn't been a chronic drinker (cc: SP/ST deficient cold) he could have avoided the situation. While stranded on the island the captain found out that eating oysters is a good thing, but running into too many oyster shells can mean trouble (cc: overdose, especially of duan form, may cause indigestion and constipation).
Brian Haas, the revered piano player for the provocative jazz trio, Jacob Fred Jazz Odyssey, knows what profit margins have done to the health of our country. His mother was given just a five percent chance of surviving breast cancer. However, you can allow your body to cleanse itself, by fasting...
Everyone has their own freak inside; let your partner know it. You’re only on the earth for a limited time, and there's nothing better than getting your patner turned on. So let Mr. Ruggles guide the way to a lifetime of kinky sex!
With faulty intelligence, and failure by the president to initiate an independent inspection into September 11th, and Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction intelligence, we can only hope that the leader of our country has nothing to hide.
People are all too comfortable with defining themselves for the sake of comfort, to know where they stand and who they are. I believe that the key to our culture is to erase this mindset and all be defined as people...connecting to a higher understanding, above self, humanity, and religion.
Balance is the key, but if you look at the scales, balance is a very precarious state. When you have found it, any shift in that balance must be dealt with by an equal and opposing force. Then comes love, the most confusing aspect of the meaning of life...
2004 for me is about finding what my life goal is truly about. I am beginning to think it has less to do with music than it does with spreading love, kindness and happiness. I write, sing, and play my ass off on stage, only to look out and see people in merriment kissing one and other and taking one and other to their beds as a result of the joy that my music brought them...
Proletariats strive for success, which in the U.S., is appropriately measured by money and the accumulation of material luxuries. But it doesn’t have to be this way. Let’s use the pressure of natural resource depletion to improve and take steps forward towards renewable energy. Instead of loosening restrictions, let’s find alternatives.
So, I recently learned that I was going to be a father. I, a man who not long ago had no woman, no money, no dog, and certainly no business being a married man whose wife is expecting.
Ramshackle wire fencing surrounded a wide yard full of grass that stood close to a foot high, except in ragged patches that Bob assumed were chewed by a goat he saw pacing back and forth against the fencing
At 100 you can smile at her from across the room and know exactly how long to maintain eye contact before looking away so that you can obtain that perfect amount of intrigue before coming off as sketchy. But first, there are certain things that must be established. As John Lennon and Paul McCartney said, “And in the end/ the love you take/ is equal to the love you make.”
And then before him, as though by magic, Emma was there. She was lithe and beautiful, her skin freckly and pale, her red hair blowing in the breeze that carried the mist of the field sprinkler across their faces. Arthur was awestruck, surprised by the bevy of emotion that erupted from within him.
You love someone for reasons no one can ever explain, no matter how many poetic and lovely terms people come up with, how many romantic gestures are made in the service of expressing feelings. At its basest, most stripped-down, love is inexplicable and complete, and when the person who inspires those feelings leaves, love stays in some way...
Join us for a photographic excursion to Miami's South Beach. If you need thoughts of sun to get you through, this may be your lucky day...
The Japanese say: "Only a fool will climb Mount Fuji-san twice." The same may be said about skiing Tuckerman Ravine...in April...
You know it's coming. Every year, Jazzfest becons like an irresistable oasis in the parched chill of winter. This year, be prepared
It’s like this…the lights are down. There is a strobing light that flickers a little more slowly and lasts a bit longer than it should. You notice everyone is dancing very hard, their faces obviously unconcerned with being seen; they are quaking from their marrow to their pituitary glands like a tribe of pseudo-humans amidst a sacred ceremony to the gods of energy...
Compositional in form, and with levity reminiscent of Bill Frissell’s recent offerings, Raisinhill combines atmosphere and confident musicality to a unique, stylish end. Raisinhill’s self-titled disc is substantial enough to avoid being “light”, but eschews musical hedonism.
With New Years Eve on a Thursday this year, and a serious gathering of Phish heads converged on Miami’s South Beach, the scene was primed for a high energy Vida Blue show on Saturday night. The show opened with Jazz Mandolin Project and an infrequent accompaniment by drummer John Fishman—even more motivation for beach ravaged heads to make a showing at Miami’s Jackie Gleason Theater.
Welcome to the Spring issue of Meniscus Magazine. The fortuitous date of this issue’s release of February 14 left us no choice but to dedicate the issue to love. So be it. “What we need is love,” summarized perfectly by one of the martyrs or our counterculture, Bob Marley. “Don’t need no war, don’t need no trouble. Speak happiness, make love.”
What is love? Good question. As Melissa Bator explores in Libra Seeking Balance, it is a question that rests on our minds continually until you have found your mate. And that’s just the beginning.
Love not only implies the romantic eroticism of Eros. True love should permeate every aspect of your life, every day of the year. It is the ever-pervasive, omni-present capacity we all have to feel compassion for the rest of man- and woman-kind.
Everyone goes through a stage in life to discover what love feels like. You’ve either been in love or you haven’t. If you’ve been there you know it. Love is unmistakable.
It begins with sweaty hands and anticipation of encountering that person of special interest. Then as you close in on her proximity, magnetism pricks your emotions like a goad. You can think of nothing but what it would be like to touch this beauty.
In Summer’s Freckles, Wesley Ratko relays the anticipation of rediscovering your long-lost lover. A man would endure the longest bus ride ever, to the middle of nowhere, for a summer spent with the young lady of his dreams.
Then the passion begins, and sparks fly. Maybe it will be a fling; maybe she’s the one. Either way, as Pete Pidgeon discusses in Love at 100, you should look at the most beautiful things about that relationship and live for those.
When the dynamic sexual tension is broken, the element of touch brings the relationship to an entirely different place. Deep and involved conversations into the wee hours of the morning build themselves into passionate releases of heart-throbbing lovemaking, and the puzzle is complete. (Although as Mr. Ruggles alludes to in Sex, Not Just for Teenagers, there’s more than one position the puzzle pieces fit into!)
When you’re with that perfect person—even if its perfect for just that moment—love is inexplicable and complete, as Sarah Erdreich explains in The Guy Next Door. You can sit with her in your arms, eyes lost gazing into each other’s souls, and time stops—the rest of the world no longer matters. The touch of your lips upon her neck brings a shiver to her spine as you embrace with reckless abandon.
There is perhaps no greater calling than to find your soulmate. It comes down to the most fundamental instinct on Maslow’s Human Needs Hierarchy: the need to procreate. Mike Kirkpatrick knows more about this than anyone I know right now. The consummate union of two people’s love brings with it the grandest gift nature has to offer: another person to love. It may be a daunting endeavor, but as Kpat will tell you “Don’t Think Twice, It’s Alright.”
While the propagation instinct is built into all species, the entire animal kingdom does not hold the physiological capacity to love. Your cat may act as a romantic troubadour as he passionately licks the neck of his feline companion, but not all animals have such tendencies.
Looking at the biology of the brain, not all creatures have the faculty of love. (Thank God we do!) In fact, before the reptiles evolved into child-bearing mammals, it is uncertain if any life on the earth could sustain such an emotion. The physiology involved came about when the reptilian brain, or brain stem, was joined by the limbic brain. The evolution of this structure marked several advancements, among those, the awareness of the young.
The disposition of the parent animal, towards their offspring, is a good indicator of the emotional connection involved. For example, reptiles simply drop their eggs into a nest somewhere and walk away. If the mother is lucky enough to be around when the young hatch, she may be in for a tasty snack. The willingness to eat your own baby, is probably a good indication that the maternal love is not there.
Another evolution that came along with the limbic brain, is the ability of the young to verbalize the displeasure of being left without the parent animal. For example, when you take a baby gecko from its mother, it does nothing. When you take a baby kitten from its mother, it will cry out in loneliness, indicating that feeling is there.
Finding and spreading love is a lifelong task we should all continue with fervor. Evolution has brought us this miraculous power, and the progress of humanity depends on spreading it further.
Perhaps the most important sociological feat to tackle as a race, is to release the reservoirs of agape love accumulated in the beautiful souls of our world. If we can discharge this unconditional love for others, we can tackle so many of the ills that currently plague our world like war, starvation, and religious battles, right down to social issues like healthcare and divorce.
So please take your time to flip through the virtual pages of the Spring issue, #3 of Meniscus Magazine. Our beautiful contributors have given us many angles on the subject that we think about constantly. It is my hope that you’ll take with you the empowerment to channel the potent love from the universe, through your heart to everyone you meet.
This is the collection of Questions and Answers written for the Epicurus-page in Facebook. Go there and ask your question on the wall or by PM (if you PM, your identity will not be published).
A further common ore farming location is The Blood Prince. A lot of think about the mobs right here somewhat simple as well as ore drops are fairly generous for the short run.
We just take accountability to guarantee our vindictus gold delivery a hundred% safe. Our practical experience During this organization ensures that each and every buy can be processed effortlessly and effectively.
When Screenshot Method is Energetic, each and every time you're taking a screenshot, a picture might be taken from both your principal camera angle and any Lively Screenshot Cameras.
Actually, Regardless of the online games launch several years back, it’s still among the finest examples of the subgenre since it has much to provide. With Vindictus gold, you may get so a lot more match Participate in.
- When failure to enhance utilizing the 'Destruction Safeguard Rune,' improvement stage decrease will likely be utilized as prior to and The proportion in the enhancement bonus will likely be utilized within the lowered enhancement degree price.
Got some buy for Lineage two yesterday, regardless if was a delay of 11hrs (issue that not like it), I like to recommend this support because obtained it Risk-free
We have been passionate gamers. But not while in the ordinary way. In place of playing and making the most of the game the best way players Usually do, we specialise find exploits and producing hacks. OptiHacks is our strategy to contribute back again to the gaming earth.
Guaranteed Safety: PlayerAuctions is quite simply just quite possibly the most safe spot to purchase and market MMO sport belongings. By way of PlayerGuardian, you will be 100% assured entire and as-described shipping and delivery, or your a refund.
The sport was utilizes the Resource engine, which makes it possible for gamers to connect with the setting in addition to makes sure easy gameplay. Vindictus has high generation worth, including properly translated dialogue, a clear interface, and cinematics.
3.In case you any queries, you can begin to see the FAQ very first. If the inquiries usually are not included in FAQ web site, it is possible to contact us by any way listing on the location.
PlayerAuctions can be a player to participant on line investing platform Vindictus Gold in which gamers should buy and sell items, accounts, and forex for a wide myriad of on-line games. So, if you need Vindictus gold bonuses or other points for a different online activity title, Then you certainly’ve come to the appropriate area.
Compare it to ... Security standing of Vindictus.cc is referred to as follows: MyWOT studies its General reputation as quite poor, Google Safe and sound Searching studies its status as Secure, when customers supply primarily damaging opinions (a hundred%).
All stats were being used Commonly and we apologize for that confusion, late update, and inconvenience this might have brought Check your URL about and we thank you for your endurance Check your URL and being familiar with normally.
I generally observed it far better to farm lesser products which have better opportunity to fall. Degree 60 raids drops the lesser valued things Nonetheless they constantly sell rapidly.
{{Info|In honor of the BSA’s 100th Anniversary, the {{PAGENAME}} merit badge has been named to the BSA’s new [[Historical Merit Badge Program]] and may be earned by Scouts during 2010 until December 31, 2010. See notes below.}}
|text = Carpentry is a discontinued merit badge. However, in honor of the BSA’s 100th Anniversary, this badge has been named to the BSA’s new [[Historical Merit Badge Program]] and may be earned by Scouts during 2010 until December 31, 2010.
In honor of the BSA’s 100th Anniversary, the Carpentry merit badge has been named to the BSA’s new Historical Merit Badge Program and may be earned by Scouts during 2010 until December 31, 2010. See notes below.
Demonstrate the proper way to drive, set, and clinch a nail, draw a spike with a claw-hammer, and to join two pieces of wood with screws.
Make a simple article of furniture for practical use in the home or on the home grounds, finished in a workmanlike manner, all work to be done without assistance.
View the change list (history) of these requirements. The text of these requirements may be locked. In that case, they can only be edited by an administrator.
Per the BSA: "You should read the merit badge pamphlet on the subject." Pamphlets (books) are at local Scout Shops and online at ScoutShop.org.
"Get a signed Merit Badge application from your Scoutmaster." An online, printable Word doc file version is available.
"The effective date for earning these new merit badges is April 1, 2010, and requirements must be completed no later than Dec. 31, 2010." — 2010 Historical MB Program
"The contemporary merit badges closely resemble the original designs of their counterparts with the exception of the border, which is gold." — 2010 Historical MB Program
The BSA Supply Division will not print (new) or re-print (old) pamphlets for these merit badges – official BSA materials for these merit badges will be available only in electronic format at Scouting.Org. (We have provided you those links, above).
Merit Badge Worksheets & Requirements – with the revision dates, diagrams, charts, checklists, logs, and links you need.
Merit Badge FAQ – answers dozens of questions like: Who can be a counselor? Can requirements be added or removed?
Merit Badges Requiring Prior Approval – Certain requirements need prior approval. Most do not. Here is the list.
Also see: List of how many boys have earned each Merit Badge – Merit Badge policies – Merit badges required for the Eagle Scout rank – Merit Badge Days
Merit Badge Counselors must complete Youth Protection Training, file an Adult Application (and Merit Badge Counselor Information Form); and be approved by the local council. (See the Guide for Merit Badge Counselors for additional details.)
See Submitting New Merit Badge Ideas for guidance on how to submit suggestions for new merit badges to BSA.
Articles have been created following a common format for all Webelos Activity Badges. Please help keep these articles in this format and help us add links to related requirements for other awards and external requirement resources.
Ornament is not a language. Do you carefully explain the precise mechanics of your movements, their intent, their biological imperatives, their cultural origins, and the anthropological explanation for the way you bite the lip of your lover in bed? No, you consume them with your eyes, your hands and your nose. Ornament is of the flesh. It is the architecture of desire. It is the communion of space with identity, with animus, it is the copulation of form and instinct, it is the pure ecstasy of intuition. It is not words, it is colours. It isn't ideas, it's the salty sweat of an era's euphoria. Ornament is theory’s lover, it stops it getting dry, it keeps it warm, and wet.
My Dad was an auto dealer (that is, the franchise was actually in his name). There were quite a few times an area farmer would arrive at the dealership in the early evening obviously after...
I've not actually finished any books in June that I didn't already mention... Odd, as I feel like I've had plenty of time to read.
This is partly because I've started reading Quicksilver by Neal Stephenson, which is 900+ pages long and the first in a trilogy (The Baroque Cycle) that are all more or less the same size. It's got a theme rather than a plot, which is the early days of the Royal Society, the quarrel between Newton and Leibniz over who invented calculus, and 17th-century English and European politics in general, in particular the run-up to the Glorious Revolution. There is an awful lot in it!
The main characters are fictional (although I did just have to look up whether Daniel Waterhouse really was the founder of MIT - he's not, and the institute he's founding at the start isn't MIT) but a lot of the supporting characters are real. The history is rather exaggerated for swashbuckling and comic effect but it's well enough researched that it gives a general impression of believability, with some modern in-jokes added too. Lots of action set-pieces and historical philosophical musing. It jumps about in time a bit and switches between different groups of related characters - who I'm assuming will also appear in the follow-ups; I don't know yet how far this one is going to get in resolving the overall quarrel, or how much more history he might try to fit in. On the down side it's quite episodic and sometimes seems like just a string of events happening without a lot of reason. (But then, some of that is the history...)
So I've been reading that for most of the month, and haven't finished it yet. It's fun, so not a difficult read, but quite dense too. I have the rest of the series, and if I read them straight after this I suspect I won't read much else next month either.
The only other thing I started is Blood and Guts in High School by Kathy Acker, which is interesting but hasn't gripped me enough yet to have got far into it, what with its somewhat avant-garde punk structure. It's not very long though, so I'll finish it before starting the next Baroque one.
The funny thing is, I'd thought I had seen a plagiarism scandal involving Kathy Acker a couple of years ago, in which somebody noticed that she'd "borrowed" large chunks of another book without crediting them, and then had tried to pass it off as a form of referential quotation or literary collage when challenged. But she died in 1997, long before I saw this story. So either it was a rehash of some old scandal (which doesn't seem to be mentioned anywhere obvious, and must have been resolved without damaging her reputation), or I was confusing her with another similar writer. But I thought I remembered Acker because I almost read some of hers (probably this one, I guess) back in sixth form when I was reading people like Bret Easton Ellis, Jay McInerney and Tama Janowitz. Acker was also published by Picador at the time but I think I decided she looked a step too far for me at that point. So now I'm wondering if I misremembered the author I was looking at then, too. But I can't think of any other similar writers it might have been! Most likely the plagiarism story was about somebody completely unrelated and I got confused...
Our manager gave us all copies of The Big Five for Lifeby John P. Strelecky. I had to stop reading it due to nausea caused by reading the book. Its in the same style as Chicken Soup for the Soul (first book was okay, but it got old fast).
Much better was Croc Attack! by Assaf Gavron. It really made me want to learn more about the situation there. I was a bit put off by the switching viewpoints, but it's necessary for this story.
Just finished Jonathan L. Howard's sequel to his first Lovecraftian novel, Carter & Lovecraft: After the End of the World. I was hooked on Howard with the first book in his Johannes Cabal series, and Carter & Lovecraft absolutely cemented my admiration for him. After the End of the World completely lives up to his standards, to being a worthy sequel, and to the title. Howard writes in the horror genre with real deftness, and mixes in a good and proper amount of humor. Very readable, very entertaining, and the books are worthy entries into the Lovecraftian sub-genre.
I need to finish the last couple of Johannes Cabal books that my library didn't have, and find his YA series, the "Katya's World" or "Russalka" series. Not in my library system, and not e-books. I may have to purchase *gasp* physical copies!
I finished Tim Powers’ Declare over the weekend. Powers always does a lot of research into the time periods and folklore he incorporates into his books, and it’s on full display here. I only found one error where he still has Pope Pius XII alive in 1963. The book timeskips a lot between the “present” of ‘63 and earlier events, and I think maybe Powers had moved the off-scene Vatican visit around, because it would have made perfect sense if it had occurred in 1948 prior to the Ararat expedition. Other than that one misstep, everything else is well documented. I never would have guessed that Powers could have gotten so much mileage out of the repeated occurrence of foxes in St. John Philby and Kim Philby’s lives. Declare is in the Secret History genre rather than alternate history since Powers does not allow himself to change known events, people, or dates. It's impressive how he seamlessly inserts the supernatural into the Great Game and later Cold War/Le Carré style espionage and geopolitics. I finally realized what Operation Declare’s long game was, but not much before it was revealed during the Beirut debrief about three quarters of the way through the book. Honestly, I probably should have picked up on it sooner, since I had a clear memory of those events on the news. Although the supernatural elements have been compared to Lovecraftian horrors, they really are derived more from The Thousand and One Nights and Gilgamesh. References to both of these works are everywhere, especially “The Fisherman and the Genie” and the depressing Sumerian afterlife of clayed meat and dust. I’m disappointed in myself that I repeatedly failed to pick up on the William Ashbless reference even though it was right in front of my nose. FYI Ashbless is a Regency era poet invented by Powers and steampunk author James Blaylock while they were in college. Powers reliably mentions Ashbless in all of his books, usually as quotes from his poems or, in the case of The Anubis Gates, as one of the characters. I spent all of Declare looking for a quote or a name-drop, and it was right there in Elena Teresa Ceniza-Bendiga’s name all along. I cannot do enough facepalms, although maybe would be more apt. "Oh fish, are you constant to the old covenant?" All those years of Spanish, and it’s not like this was particularly obscure.
I’m about halfway through Adam Hochschild’s Spain in Our Hearts: Americans in the Spanish Civil War, 1936-1939. I know a little bit about the war, but I’ve never covered it in any depth, so most of the information is new. As the title indicates, it mostly focuses on the International Brigades. IIRC at one point, Hochschild mentioned that the Nationalist forces, while better supplied by the Nazis and Fascists, were still not that competent a military. Based on what I now know of the undersupplied and undertrained Republican forces, that has to be true, because the Republican troops were at one point being supplied by the Stalinists with outdated weapons, sometimes without appropriate bullets. And yet somehow the Nationalists were not able to take Madrid, despite being given the latest German and Italian weapons and supplied with oil by Texaco. I’m currently midway through 1937, and while it’s an interesting and informative read, I’m not sure “enjoyable” is the right word for it. It’s certainly not going to end well.
So, once I finished Declare, I was undecided as to what fiction book to start next. I was leaning toward N. K. Jemisin’s Stone Sky, since then I’d complete the trilogy and I find the world and characters fascinating. However, based on the end of book 2, I think I know what the most likely end for the protagonist is, and if I’m right, it’s pretty grim. The Spanish Civil War is dark enough, so I decided to push Stone Sky back a bit, and go with something cheerful and frothy. Specifically, A. Lee Martinez’s Chasing the Moon, a book about the eldritch apocalypse. No, it’s not as horrifying as it sounds, but it is that weird. Pro-tip: when someone offers you a super-low rent on a furnished apartment with paid utilities and doesn’t require you to sign a lease, be careful. You might find yourself locked in with the transdimensional horror amd voracious omnivore Vom the Hungering.
I’ve been re-reading The Princess Bride. It’s been a while since I last read it (and I finally have the one with Buttercup’s Baby), so I’m picking up on all the things I missed.
Also, I found this hilarious fanfic: The Tangled Princess Bride, which not only replaces the characters, but also adds in elements from Tangled (and even then mixes it up a little with things like Rapunzel now living in Andalasia, the kingdom from Enchanted, which is now enemies with Rapunzel’s actual homeland Corona).
I did read a few new books in July, mostly short, at the expense of getting on with the Baroque cycle:
Love by Angela Carter: She has more early novels that I've not read than I'd realised. This was great, albeit somewhat depressing and inevitable. It's about a sort-of love triangle relationship between a woman, her husband and his brother. (Her sun and moon). If you didn't want to start with one of her later ones with too much magic realism, this might be a good starting point for her books. There's still a lot of fairy tale imagery and magical thinking but the actual events of the plot are realistic. It's also quite short.
(I re-read an Order of the Stick book to recap some past plot, but that only took a couple of hours...)
Embassy of the Dead by Will Mabbitt: This is the first of my friend Will's new series of children's books, about a boy called Jake who accidentally comes into possession of a supernatural artefact that's being sought after by various forces, and has to escape and sort things out. (The series hook is that in the course of doing so, by the end he's registered to work at the Embassy in the title). This description sounds generic - partly because I was being vague to avoid giving much away - but I really enjoyed it, as usual. It's funny and exciting. It's aimed at slightly older children than Will's Mabel Jones series - maybe 10+. (Not that adults can't read it too; lots of adults read the first Harry Potter without embarrassment, after all, and it's for a similar age group).
Also, one that The Guardian sent me unexpectedly because I'm at the subscriber level which gets sent free books occasionally, and which jumped to the top of my pile thanks to current events:
Collusion: How Russia Helped Trump Win the White House by Luke Harding. This started off disappointing, because to set up some of the background Harding keeps going off on tangents about random Russian people and it's hard to keep track and remember why you're supposed to care about them (since not all Russians are venal and not all contact with Russians is suspect). But it gets better as he moves away from Carter Page to Manafort, and then gets to Trump himself. It's mostly a recap of things already reported, rather than anything new, but it's a good summary and there's detail and background here that I'd not read before.
It's also been overtaken slightly by recent events (which might be why The Guardian hurriedly sent it out), what with Trump and Putin in Finland, and with Cohen confirming that Trump knew about Donald Jr.'s campaign "adoption" meeting, but that just continues the theme! In fact Trump said very similar things before at the G20 summit, where he made similar remarks about believing Putin on the hacking and slagged off the FBI, and then had to backtrack, but it was less prominently reported (although reported in Russia, apparently) since he wasn't actually standing next to Putin at a press conference at the time, and there was all the other G20 fallout to deal with as well. If you wanted to look at that charitably, it also fits with Trump's apparent pattern of simply believing the last person with conviction that he spoke to... which doesn't make him any more suitable for high office.
I'm still reading The Confusion, the second volume of the Baroque Cycle, but I'm not very far in. (I'm just going from the first part of Book 4 to the first part of Book 5 - its structure is headed unusually in that Book 4 and Book 5 are interleaved; not an unusual structure as such but it's unusual to actually label it that way). Also this is one of the books that got soaked in my rucksack during a rainstorm a few days ago, so it's a bit crinkly at the front.
And I've read the first page or two of The Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein, which I've been meaning to read for a while. Her books are often quite dense and depressing, so I hope it will be interesting and informative too.
I don't know how, but I managed not to finish a single book during August. This is despite having a couple of long train journeys and a week at home with my parents that should have been ideal times to read without distraction.
I did just finish Aoyade on Aoyade: A Cinematic Odyssey by Richard Ayoade, which I bought with some birthday money, but it's September now so I missed the end of August... In it Richard Ayoade pretends to interview himself about his career as an actor and director, but with an absurd surrealist persona. This is the sort of book I regret reading because although it was pretty funny and I like Richard Ayoade, to an extent it's a bit of a throwaway joke and it doesn't feel like I've really read anything.
I've also been reading some Edith Pearlman short stories, Binocular Vision, but haven't quite got to the end yet. They're good; lots of nice character pieces and subtle writing. But being short stories, no overarching narrative to grip you.
Apart from that, I'm still on The Baroque Cycle (The Confusion), and The Shock Doctrine. To be fair the Neal Stephenson is long, but it's not gripping me like he usually does either. And Naomi Klein always needs a bit of concentration and is quite depressing.
Reading a Leonard Bernstein biography by Meryle Secrest. It's pretty good, but the author has the annoying habit of describing people by using quotations that are actually about totally different people. I think she meant it as a means of adding gravitas, but it comes off more like a high school sophomore trying to pad out an English paper when they don't have enough relevant research material. One example:
The truth was, Bernstein at that period was "young, happy, radiant, extraordinarily endowed and irresistibly attaching," as Henry James said of the the English poet Rupert Brooke.
WTF? Alone, it's a bit of a bizarre non sequitur. Used repeatedly, it's a strange and annoying literary device.
Bah, how did I manage to misspell Ayoade twice in the title, even though I was being careful not to and spelled it right everywhere else? It's Ayoade on Ayoade.
I started reading a biography of Ibn Khaldun. And then I put it down and now I have no idea where it is. My place isn't that big, but I've reached the point where I'm looking in kitchen cabinets for the damn thing. I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to cough up twenty bucks or so to the local library system. Also, the fifteen pages I read were decent.
I also started Ann Applebaum's Iron Curtain, which is good, but probably more in-depth than I want. Not her fault, obviously, but after reading a bit I start to wonder, "Am I really going to remember next week how radio in Poland in 1948 differed from radio in Hungary in 1948?" Still, a decent read.
I checked out 1688 from the library on my kindle, so I also have that. I assume it eventually gets into the Glorious Revolution, but it's a history of the world in that year, so it goes through Mexico, and South America, and then heads west before reaching Europe. This one might have the opposite problem of the Applebaum book, where everything is touched on a little too briefly, and I want a bit more depth.
Dammit, why can't historians just figure out exactly how much information I need and then deliver it to me?
I recently finished Rogue Protocol, Martha Wells’ latest installment in her Murderbot Diaries. This is the next-to-last in a 4-part novella series about a SecUnit/security android that disabled its corrupted governor module which forced Murderbot into a killing spree. Ordinarily the trope is that a disabled governor control on an AI/robot/android = bad, and in the soap/space opera media serials so popular in the Murderbot universe, this still holds true. However, Murderbot is really socially awkward and just wants to spend time alone watching the aforementioned soap/space operas with same level of devotion that I give over to Parks & Rec and Brooklyn 99. In the 2nd novella, Artificial Condition, one of the disgruntled bots wanted to kill all humans and Murderbot was appalled. Who then would make the media serials? The next episode of “The Rise and Fall of Sanctuary Moon” isn’t going to make itself after all. I really love these novellas, and the first one, All Systems Red, recently and IMO well-deservedly won a Hugo, but Tor is selling them at a fairly high price of $10. The last novella, Exit Strategy, is coming out next month, so presumably they’ll soon all be gathered up in omnibus form. I also recently learned that Wells is going to do a full-blown Murderbot novel, which pleases me greatly.
I also started the final book in NK Jemisin’s Broken Earth trilogy, The Stone Sky. I really enjoy this series, but heads up that it is dark and brutal. So, without heading into spoiler territory, this is set in a world that is extremely geologically unstable. Periodically there are earthquakes/supervolcanos that have convulsions with global effects that can last for years. So, acid rainstorms, toxic gases, or a fungal blight that wipes out the main subsistence crop. These periods are termed Fifth Seasons, and the adaptations to get through a Fifth Season have led to a dystopian society that exploits and dehumanizes the people who can control geological phenomena. Lore seems to indicate that there’s a Father Earth that is furious at the inhabitants, and the Fifth Seasons are his way of killing everyone, but it’s hard to say how much of that is true and how much is people rationalizing why these events keep happening. I hope The Stone Sky ultimately provides some illumination as to what is actually going on. Stone Sky won this year’s Hugo for best novel, which is unusual for a third book in any series, but especially so because the previous two books have also won. Good for Jemisin. She got a lot of mileage from the NASA SF writers’ workshop that she attended that inspired the magic system used in the series.
I’m also reading John Carreyrou’s Bad Blood: Secrets and Lies in a Silicon Valley Startup about Elizabeth Holmes’ unicorn tech company Theranos and its fall. I actually started the book just in time for the company to dissolve last week and finally become a headlined unicorpse. Carreyrou wrote the first critical expose about the company that started its downfall. I’ve been aware of the Theranos scandal through Derek Lowe’s In the Pipeline blog and the first thing that hit me as suspicious was the Board of Directors. Very few science experts and...ummmm….some interesting other people, like George Shultz, James Mattis, Sam Nunn, Bill Perry, and Henry Kissinger (OK, my absolute first thought was that I had thought that Kissinger was dead). This Board would be fine if you’re planning on ordering a drone strike on Quest Diagnostics, or if you’re making a botched diagnostics product and you don’t want a Board with enough experts to start questioning you on: why you don’t have any regulatory experts working with the FDA?; why is the rollout of a supposed finished product always delayed?; why hasn’t Theranos had a chief financial officer since 2006? The company also had a truly toxic work environment where if you questioned the performance of the Edison or miniLab or the ethics of rolling out a faulty diagnostics product to patients, you were marginalized or fired. This after-the-fact so-that's-what-happened NPR article indicates that Theranos PR reps were under specific orders to obscure just how bad the devices were working during the Walgreens debut. A lot of Theranos' staff outright quit because it only took a couple months for the blinders to be ripped off. The chemistry and engineering departments were siloed because Holmes had a Steve Jobs fixation, and if it worked for Apple, it surely will work for a company working on diagnostics machines. Fie on the ancient Bell Labs approach of having all the departments working cooperatively towards a single goal and communicating with each other. George Shultz’s grandson Tyler was working in the chemistry division of the company and had a ringside seat to just how awful the Edison machines were performing as well as a lot of other chicanery going on with patient samples. So he notified the NY Board of Public Health, and tried to warn off his grandfather, who then proceeded to side with Holmes. Seriously, WTF, Shultz? I know you’re in your 90s and you don’t have a good handle on the scientific details, but this is your grandson, who explained exactly what was going on. And the Theranos board had the high-priced lawyer David Boies, who has a vested interest in keeping Theranos afloat and will therefore make the lawsuits as maximum damage as possible.
I gave up (temporarily) on everything I'd been reading last month and anything new on my shelf, and I've been re-reading Iain M Banks's science fiction novels, just to make sure I still enjoy reading.
I've been reading in order of publication, and have just finished Against A Dark Background, so that's Consider Phlebas, The Player of Games, Use of Weapons, The State of the Art (short stories) and Against A Dark Background so far.
I've read them all before, often more than once, but not for a while - and it's the first time I've read them all together like this, so it's interesting. All except AADB and TSOTA are Culture novels - and TSOTA contains mostly Culture stories, including the title novella. (Sorry about abbreviations, but the titles are too long to keep typing).
I'd not consciously noticed the development in style before - I think his science fiction is consistently good - but reading them back-to-back there are a few changes between Consider Phlebas, and the stories in TSOTA (some of which I'd describe as "juvenilia") and the slightly later ones. I don't think he'd quite worked out everything he wanted to do with the Culture during CP, although it's almost there. He skips several hundred years between that and TPOG, though, and I think that was so that he could tweak some of the politics and technology involved without its being obvious. CP is set during the last major war that the Culture was involved in, the Idiran war, whereas in all the later novels it's a very stable, very high-tech society that doesn't have many major outside threats. I'd forgotten that there was an appendix to CP that sets it all out on an Earth timescale (for no particular reason, since most of his books have nothing to do with Earth) and it was all happening around the 12th Century AD. I'm not sure why he needed to put that in unless it was just the fashion for science fiction as history at the time (like Star Wars); but the 700 year jump means that the title story for TSOTA can be set on Earth in 1977 (... like Star Trek?). But I don't much like that one.
He's also got more obvious Douglas Adams influence in CP than in later ones (although Marvin the Paranoid Android makes a subtle cameo appearance in AADB which I remembered when I got to it). Some of the lesser starship AIs (not minds in that one) talk as though they were written by Douglas Adams.
There's no plot continuity between the Culture novels - one of the later ones does refer back to events in the Idiran war but obliquely (Look to Windward, hence the titular connection with Consider Phlebas) - and few recurring characters. I'd not noticed last time I read them that Diziet Sma and the drone Skaffen-Amitskaw from Use of Weapons are also main characters (narrators) in TSOTA too, but there's no other connection between the books and no indication which was even written first - I suspect the short story, although it was published later.
The novels are all great, although I don't like the more experimental short stories. He's better when he's not trying to be particularly literary or experimental, I think. (I've read his poetry too, and thought it was awful). I think UOW is still one of my favourites. AADB is great too, although one of his few SF novels that isn't connected to the Culture.
Quite a few of my favourite moments from the books, including a lot of things making it explicit just how impressive the Culture's abilities and technologies are, haven't come up yet. So I'm tempted to keep reading through the rest... really I should get back to the books I've been stuck on, though.
First off, it’s the first book in what I believe is going to be a trilogy. Trouble is, there’s no indication about that and as a result you’re left expecting a resolution that never comes.
Second, the main character is being set up to be a take-charge girl, and I’m just not seeing it. She has the typical Judy Blume issues about getting her period and divorced parents (and how cool her family friend is), and there’s a sequence where she notes that her best friend has started to develop before she has.
Third, for a book where all the males in Melbourne are suddenly struck down, absolutely nothing is made of expectant mothers or trans women. I probably shouldn’t expect that in YA fiction, but the horrifying implications aren’t even covered on a news broadcast.
Still re-reading Iain M. Banks... I read Feersum Endjinn, Excession, Inversions, and Look to Windward.
I really like Feersum Endjinn but had misremembered part of it - I had thought that some scenes from Inversions were a part of Feersum Endjinn, and that it was a Culture novel in disguise. I had been prepared to disagree with Wikipedia on that. In fact it's not a Culture novel at all - it's actually set on a very far-future Earth, but not one that's recognisable other than by place names - and Wikipedia is right. It's Inversions that pretends not to be a Culture novel but is, and the list in Wikipedia gets it right. (Even though it's a standalone novel, Inversions wouldn't be a good one to start with, because if you don't already know a bit about the Culture and its Contact / Special Circumstances departments, half the plot will just look like subtle, weird magic to you, as it does to most of the characters...) It must have been longer since I read those two than I had thought, to get them muddled up like that.
Next would be The Algebraist, but I've not started that yet as I thought I should make progress on the other books I've been stuck on. The Shock Doctrine is still really interesting and informative, but still too dense and depressing to read more than a chapter at a time, so I'm getting through it but slowly.
I started to wonder during The Confusion whether Neal Stephenson might fall into the very small category of writers some of whose books I love but others I find unreadable / unfinishable...! (I think the only authors in it at the moment are Tolkien and Joyce, and I mean to finish Finnegans Wake one day). I am getting through it, but it's so long and rambling, and the plot is really just history, with half the characters there just to provide exposition and commentary on what's going on. But since it's a fictionalised swashbuckling version of history, you can't even rely on it to learn anything except broad strokes either. The broad theme of the first volume was the sciences, so I knew quite a lot of the historical detail already and this helped me to enjoy the references, but this volume concentrates more on economics which doesn't hold my interest in the same way.
Sometimes his impressive level of detail is distracting, too, because if you know something about the places or events involved, he occasionally gets something a bit wrong when he didn't even need to mention it. For example, when Jack goes ashore in the Grand Harbour in Valletta, Stephenson makes a point of its being low tide so Jack has to climb a long ladder to the quayside. There's no reason for that detail, and it annoyed me because the Grand Harbour doesn't have much tidal variance at all - it's barely noticeable. (As for most of the Med). I guess it's all for atmosphere but I could do with less of it at times!
I have read several hundred more pages since last time but it's so long that I'm not even half way through. It's just going on and on. I probably will finish it, but it's not even the last book in the trilogy, and the next one is longer!
and when I'm at home (because of the size and weight of it) I'm reading Art and Arcana By Kyle Newman, Sam Witwer, Mike Witwer and Jon Peterson, with foreword by Joe Manganiello...
A little while back I re-noticed that the 5th edition Dungeons & Dragons core rulebooks Dungeon Master's Guide and Player's Handbook both had a "recommended reading" section in the back. The old Advanced Dungeons & Dragons (1st edition) Dungeon Master's Guide also had a recommended reading section of works of fiction (presumably works that Gary Gygax had found inspirational in his development of the game); the 5e PHB list is basically a redo of that list, but expanded with more authors (almost doubling the number) and more books. The 5e DMG, on the other hand, is a substantial list of non-fiction works.
After some fruitless searching online, I went to my .PDF copies of all three books in question, copied all three lists and pasted them into an Excel document, and spent about an hour correcting OCR errors until I had a useful listing of all the authors and books from the 1e AD&D DMG, the 5e DMG and the 5e PHB. I eventually eliminated the AD&D list after ensuring that it was present in it's entirety in the 5e PHB list.
After some sorting, I then checked Project Gutenberg online and found the double handful (about 8) of books and stories available for free there, and downloaded them on my Kindle; I also noted which books I already owned physical copies of in my own library (about 17 authors, with a varying number of their works, plus a game from the non-fiction list, Once Upon A Time: A Storytelling Card Game).
From there, I am now slowly trying to access what I can via my Kindle. What I've read so far are the following:
I'm trying to keep things cheap; a fair number of items from the list aren't available on the Kindle, and many of the nonfiction items that are are relatively expensive ($10 and up, as compared to most of the fiction, which is usually under $5) I did buy the other game on the reading list, Microscope, which I reviewed over here.
In between, I'm keeping up with new releases from authors I've been following for the last year, such as the continuation of Glynn Stewart's Starship's Mage and Duchy of Terra series, and Dakota Krout's Divine Dungeon series; the newest from mainstream authors I follow, such as John Scalzi's Consuming Fire and Charles Stross' The Labyrinth Index, and further explorations in the free/cheap section of Kindle Unlimited, quite often with Wildside Press' MEGAPACK anthologies (currently working on Robert Silverberg and Andre Norton anthologies, and just finished H. Beam Piper and Harry Harrison anthologies). You can't beat 400,000 words for 55 cents! The H. Beam Piper one was particularly good, as it contained his two surviving non-SF works, a bit of historical fiction and a locked-room murder mystery. Pretty much all of his writings in one place.
Style for fireplace room! Walls have that same beige-ish color, but the wood is layered horizontally.
﻿Late last year, two Chadwick students, junior Randy Friedman and senior Ignacio Sedano, entered some of their ceramic art pieces in the Scholastic Art & Writing Awards.
﻿As the last dance concert of the school year, Chadwick Dance Company’s Spring Dance Concert served as a great platform for performers of all classes to interact and work with each other.
﻿Grasping the opportunity to submit their work to a prestigious art competition, senior Coby Gesten and junior Kate Kwak recently entered their submissions into the National YoungArts Foundation in...
﻿Before we begin, let me note that my use of ain’ts, y’alls, and ‘Muricas will be kept to a minimum in this piece for the sake of my English teacher’s sanity.
﻿Chadwick’s new varsity softball coach, Erika Peterson, has a primary goal: Spread the love of the sport to other high-schoolers and, ultimately, create a positive team chemistry and environment...
﻿Dean of Admission and Executive Director of College Counseling Bruce Poch, or as he calls himself the “Dean of comings and goings” also works as an unofficial correspondent, regarding questions...
﻿For a foodie, being trapped in Palos Verdes is not ideal, but I keep myself entertained by constantly searching for new restaurants.
I am not able to make all my generated ideas real, that’s why I think it is worth to share them, so that these ideas wouldn’t be lost.
David Rector How do you convert the time to RGB? A one second change seems like it would change either red, green,...
Anonymous Thanks, Arvīds. The thing is that idea is not the same at all. How many differences have you found?
Mainual is a blog for creative professionals that do not put their ideas on hold, but sharing them with others and discussing these ideas.
How do creative people create?Where do they get their ideas?For many, "brainstorm" sessions are a starting point.
Skyrocket your marketing efforts by planning your push notification campaigns and offering the best user experience
Stronger than email marketing, better engagement than sms marketing. Push notifications is the best way to communicate with your visitors.
Easy to install, we help you create your call to actions and campaigns. Our team of online marketing experts will grow your audience!
ADD Audience can be installed on Website, Blogs, Wordpress, Tumbler, Shopify and many more platforms
Addaudience helps me combine push notification and SEO efforts to get better results on Search engines
My newsletter was not getting results I expected, I now get more traffic every month thanks to a dedicated team, and double my mobile audience
I reduced my advertising costs by half thanks to a great marketing channel. My clients choose to receive my offers via push notifications
Good morning! Im heading islamorada florida next week for a couple of days. Just looking for a few places to metal detect since the keys is usually rocky. Any suggestions? Thanks!
Used the forum search feature with the word "Islamorada" and got 4 results, they are older threads so maybe someone might post more up to date info.
To view links or images in signatures your post count must be 10 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
As foods high in protein see, are generally three basic many different facets that are covered under this schedule. You can suffer the entire first ebook and acquire a better regarding how are
The showbiz industry is not just a busy world for actors, actresses and their managers. Showbiz is also involved with complicated processes, unusual rules and policies and most of all, it is built in a framework where the backbone is still business. As much as the art of acting and performing plays a great role in this kind of industry, it is still unlikely for showbiz personalities to disregard the business aspect of it.
The showbiz industry is also made up of different contracts. Exclusivity contract, network contract, singing contract, time-limited contract, name them and you may see one for each TV networks. Contracts are made to make sure that the job of a celebrity is boarded by some barriers to maximize the ability of these personalities to appear in different shows.
Showbiz expert and talent manager Lolit Solis recently called out the Unit Head of the ABS-CBN Kapamilya network. Lolit, fondly being called Manay Lolit by her “alagas”, wanted the Kapamilya management to look into the cases of some actresses who are given exclusivity contract but then only have tapings at least thrice a month.
Man tagged as “Best Boyfriend Ever” after video of him saving his girlfriend from motorcycle mishap surfaced online.
And since Grant has always been a little crazy about superheroes, I knew what I had to do. Role play your favourite superheroes like Spider- Man Wolverine Wonder Woman. The Catch My Party Blog - FREE Football Party Printables from By Invitation Only DIY. So if you’ re looking for unique superhero costume ideas, then.
Over the weekend we celebrated my youngest son’ s 4th birthday party! Superhero birthday party for boys marvel comic with free printables , easy ideas to decorate , girls themed after avengers have fun on a budget.
Super easy and tons of fun! There’ s no sewing involved in making these capes either so they are extremely easy to make at about $ 2 per cape they are also very affordable. This is a sure hit at any party because who doesn’ t want to be the hero of the day ( minute)? For boys girls superheroes never go out of style.
Perfect for the Superhero themed Birthday Party! She was throwing a Superhero party she was looking for some fun free superhero printables I was so happy.
This inspiring STAFF APPRECIATION WEEK SUPERHERO THEMED PARTY was submitted by Maegan Birr of Scrapaholics. FREE party printables food . Easy DIY Favors For A School Birthday.
Superhero Birthday Party Idea for DIY Capes and. Free printable superhero masks and comic book cut- outs. The theme is superheros! 4 Superhero Party Cereal Box Costume Crafts.
I have include a list of supplies at the end of the post. DIY Superhero Birthday Cupcake Stand - learn to craft this cake stand for your hero birthday party table centerpiece using printables! Free Superhero Printables – Planning a Superhero Party? 17 Super Super Girl and Superhero Parties { printables}. DIY; Crafts; Recipes; Beauty;. This wonderful party took place in the teachers lounge at school. These detective scientist costumes require just a few basic materials , superhero come together in. New things made with DIY cardboard box with creative uses for cardboard contains ideas on how to reuse cardboard boxes to make useful and usual easy crafts.
Free Superhero Party Printables use inner circle part of canning lid to make a concentration game- make one extra only of. The Superhero Treasure Hunt Game includes tons of fun clues involving your child' s favorite superheroes! Consult this amazing list of more than 70 party supplies and recipes you can create for a superhero- themed birthday party.
I will show you how with my step by step tutorial video. Inspire your kids to be a reading superhero with this word search featuring some of their favorite superpowers.
What little boy or girl wouldn’ t love a superhero party? You simply choose your theme ( from over 100 available in my shop) trim , personalize the wrapper, print wrap it around a Hersheys 1. Or even a craft activity during the party.
As much as I LOVE animals in ( party) crowns, I' m actually excited to share this post with you guys for a couple of other reasons too: 1. DIY Superhero Cupcake – These DIY superhero cupcakes are.
If you' re looking to throw a Royal Baby Shower, you' re in the right place. Make a fun DIY backyard Plinko game that is perfect for parties carnivals , school spirit activities ( drinko plinko if that' s your type of game! Superhero Party Invitation. They are so easy and quick to make. Discover all superhero party printables through Etsy. All the hard work has already been done for you. DIY superhero birthday.
For Lucas’ superhero birthday party, I made all of the kids their very own superhero capes. The Catch My Party Blog - Ballerina Party Ideas + Free Printables.
Now available individually! Free Superhero Party Printables | How Do It Info. My boys frequently like to play dress up in costumes so I have a fondness for quick easy DIY costumes that can be inexpensively created. Red and Black Birthday Party Owl Camp Out Party.
This Airplane First Birthday has retro decor plane ticket invitation, in- flight beverage cart, propeller marshmallow pops cloud cupcakes & more.
Payment: our company is not able to accept card payments. Payment methods cash or billing (only companies). We apologize for any inconvenience.
On 29th of November, we hold our first internal meeting in Freiberg (Germany). After interesting presentations, we focused on the specification of our goals for the future. Here are some impressions of the meeting:
Makati (Sports) Club, Inc. is a world-class resort situated in the heart of the country's premier and world-known business district. A place to meet, relax, and strategize with business associates, family, and friends in an ideal urban location.
World-class facilities, unparalleled service, and excellent Club management create the perfect venue for business and leisure. Truly an urban oasis and a valuable lifestyle investment you will enjoy at the center of it all.
Makati (Sports) Club, Inc. is a world-class resort situated in the heart of the country's premier and world-reknown business district. A place to meet, relax, and strategize with business associates, family, and friends in an ideal urban location.
Sports activities and facilities perfect for recreation and enjoyment of members, their dependents and guests.
Makati (Sports) Club, Inc. has different dining outlets suitable to the needs of its members while dining with their families or invited guests.
Various classic and elegant Banquet Rooms that befit any type of occasions for small and big events.
“I consider MSCI as my second home. I can bring my family here and enjoy all the wonderful amenities that the club offers.”
“I go to MSCI every day because of the ambience of the place. It feels so homey and I get to see my old friends and colleagues. It brings back so many good memories.”
“The employees are very approachable and pleasant. The food is delicious and the variety is worth the price.”
“The sports facilities are excellent and the trainers are competent. It’s a perfect venue to develop aspiring tennis players.”
“MSCI is a great place to hang out with my family and friends. It has all the amenities that I need and it’s very convenient because I work and live in Makati. “
Makati Sports Club is a world-class resort situated in the heart of the country’s premier and renowned business district.
Banking - Qlik Authorized Reseller by Metro Systems Corporation Public Company LimitedQlik Authorized Reseller by Metro Systems Corporation Public Company Limited
Reduce costs and expenses while streamlining operations and IT. Manage risk and meet regulatory compliance. Become more intelligent about your customers. Rapidly respond to changing market conditions.
“We trust QlikView. With QlikView functioning as an ETL tool, for the first time we were able to monitor liquidity in intervals of one hour. We can also […]
The uncertainty in financial markets means banks must closely manage costs while still managing risk and meeting regulatory compliance. Increased revenue can be achieved through stronger customer relationships. This means both attracting new business and driving profitable operations. Now more than ever, banks must leverage Business Intelligence (BI) in new ways to gain competitive advantage.
Enhance customer intelligence for sales and marketing through targeting, segmentation, cross-sell/up-sell and profitability analysis
Better analyze credit quality, counterparty risk, operational risk, and exposures in loan portfolios
Over 2,500 financial services institutions rely on the QlikView platform, including all of the top 15 banks based in North America and Europe* , because it empowers business users and decision-makers, providing access to on demand analysis, insights and business discovery.
Every bank has one or more traditional BI products in place. However, banks typically leverage those products for just managed reporting, since banking business users require a more agile, easy-to-use BI solution that enables to them with self service discovery capabilities. Learn why such a large number of banks are adopting QlikView.
© 2018 Qlik Authorized Reseller by Metro Systems Corporation Public Company Limited. All Rights Reserved.
After the production the Mets got at catcher from Kevin Plawecki, Devin Mesoraco, Jose Lobaton, and Tomas Nido, many believe the team needs to upgrade at catcher more than any other position. Given the issue with the Mets lineup, you would ideally want a power at the position.
Looking at Mets history, they have actually had some power bats from the catching position. Can you name the catchers who have had the most homers for the Mets? Good luck!
With Brodie Van Wagenen being announced as the new Mets General Manager tomorrow, his work begins immediately. Right now, Jose Reyes, Devin Mesoraco, Jerry Blevins, Austin Jackson, and Jose Lobaton are free agents. With eight more players listed on the 60 day disabled list (Eric Hanhold, Rafael Montero, Bobby Wahl, Travis d’Arnaud, Phillip Evans, T.J. Rivera, Yoenis Cespedes, and Juan Lagares), the team needs to cut at least three players by Friday.
More than that, Van Wagenen will be entasked in improving the roster into a 2019 World Series contender. Here is Van Wagenen’s starting point:
Certainly, the Mets are set in the middle infield and the corner outfield spots. Obviously, Yasmani Grandal would be a significant addition to both the lineup and in the pitch framing department. Even if not Grandal, the catching position seems to be a real target to upgrade either on the free agent market, where real upgrades are limited, or on the trade front, where there are a number of rebuilding teams who could move a catcher (Buster Posey?).
As for the other positions, the Mets are going to have to move a player/contract. If the Mets really want to significantly upgrade this roster, the team is going to have to find a way to move Bruce, Frazier, or both. That not only opens room for a significant addition, but it also means the team will have some extra money on the budget to improve the roster.
In the end, there is real talent here, but talent which needs to be surrounded by the right players. Ideally, that is at least one right-handed power bat to balance out a lineup which already balances out Conforto, Nimmo, and McNeil. When doing that, Van Wagenen will need to buttress this group by building a strong bench, which is something which has not been done since the trade deadline maneuvers in the 2015 season.
While we always anticipated he could be shut down at any time without warning, after he homered in his third straight game, no one truly expected May 27, 2016 to be his final game as a Met.
In a pleasant surprise,Mickey Callaway said pregame that Wright was going to pinch hit tonight. To ensure he got in, Callaway assured us Wright was going to be the first pinch hitter of the game.
For a brief moment, it appeared that would be the bottom of the fourth. A noticeably nervous Wright emerged from the dugout and the fans erupted.
While Wright began a routine both familiar from his 13 year career and yet new from this being an all too different experience all together, he dropped the bat.
He picked it up and continued that routine etched in our memories. Alas, with Kevin Plawecki grounding out to end the inning, the process would have to begin anew in the fifth.
As I saw this, I knew it was time. My oldest was up next to me in eager anticipation of the moment. We had been talking about it all night, and he was telling me how cool each of the highlights of him was.
I went and I got the baby out of his crib. I had each of my boys on my lap to watch a baseball game. It wasn’t the first time it’s ever happened, but it was the first big Mets moment since my youngest was born.
There was no option other than sharing this important moment with my sons. One day when they are older, they can each honestly say they saw David Wright play.
It’s not too dissimilar how my dad made sure I saw Tom Seaver pitch, or how he actually turned off the Mets game one day as my brother and I watched as Nolan Ryan won his 300th game.
So while my phone was abuzz with texts from my brother and dad, I sat there with my boys on my lap, and we watched Wright eagerly swing at Jose Urena‘s first pitch:
Even with all that Jacob deGrom has done, that groundout to third was the top moment of 2018 because for a brief moment David Wright was once again a Met.
The Mets had won 19 consecutive games in which a Mets pitcher had hit a homer. That included Steven Matz‘s last start when he had homered. Well, Matz woud hit a homer again in this game giving you hope it was going to be 20 straight:
That homer came off of Aaron Nola, and it not only gave the Mets the lead, but it put a little dent in Nola’s Cy Young case. Certainly, Matz was cognizant of that as after Matz trotted around the bases, he walked up to Jacob deGrom and said, “That was for my friend.”
Really, Matz did all he could do to help deGrom win the Cy Young. In addition to the homer, Matz was good on the mound. In his five innings, he would allow just two hits while walking five and striking out four. In addition to the hitting and pitching, Matz would make an incredible behind the back catch to start a double play:
With the four walks, Matz’s pitch count was up. At 91 pitches, it made the decision to pinch hit for him in the top of the sixth an easier one than it normally would be.
At the time the Mets had a 2-0 lead because Dominic Smith would double home Brandon Nimmo in the fourth inning. Smith and Nimmo would take part in another two out rally in the fifth. After Nimmo walked because, well that’s what he does, and Dom singled, Gabe Kapler would pull Nola and put it Pat Neshek. Neshek walked Kevin Plawecki to load the bases, and Mickey Callaway sent up Wilmer Flores to pinch hit.
That Flores strikeout was a missed opportunity. With the inherited runners on base, it was a chance to put a further dent in Nola’s Cy Young wishes. It was also a chance to tack on some needed runs.
The Mets would add .02 to Nola’s ERA which probably won’t have much impact on his Cy Young chances. Because the Mets failed to take advantage of the opportunity, they would also miss a chance to saddle Nola with the loss. Well, it was the missed chance and the bullpen implosion.
Jerry Blevins started the fire by walking Carlos Santana and hitting Aaron Altherr with a pitch. Callaway then brought on Drew Smith, who just could not get anyone out. First, it was a Wilson Ramos single. Then a Justin Bour double. Finally, Jorge Alfaro homered. Anthony Swarzak would come on and get the Mets out of the inning without allowing another run.
But by then, it was too late. The Mets fell behind 5-2, and they did not have another run in them. It didn’t matter much as the chance to really dent Nola’s Cy Young case went by the wayside.
Last night, the Mets were absolutely rolling knocking Zach Eflin out after three and Jerad Eickhoff, who was making his first appearance of the year, out after one.
Tomas Nido, who was catching either because Kevin Plawecki was hit with another pitch or because Noah Syndergaard likes having a personal catcher, cleared the bases with an RBI double to give the Mets a 3-0 second inning lead.
Todd Frazier hit a three inning homer in the third giving the Mets a 6-0 lead leaving you to wonder how long before Gabe Kapler started going to the position players.
Jeff McNeil was great going 3-for-5 with two runs, and a triple. Michael Conforto surpassed Asdrubal Cabrera for the team lead in RBI. Not too long ago, Conforto also surpassed Cabrera for the team lead in homers. Jay Bruce looked good again at the plate going 2-for-2 with two runs, an RBI, and two walks.
However, this is the Mets, so nothing can be this easy. Not even in a 10-5 win that they led 7-0 heading into the sixth and 9-2 after six.
Dominic Smith followed a good game by going 0-for-2 with a walk before leaving the game with a groin injury. He was replaced by Jack Reinheimer for reasons only Mickey Callaway knows.
That wasn’t the worst of it. No, that was Cesar Hernandez hitting a hard liner that went off Syndergaard’s ribs. It may have chased him from the game, but he was able to laugh about it later:
Noah Syndergaard jokes about the scary line drive he took off the rip cage. He was concerned for the ball… (x-rays came back negative) #Thor pic.twitter.com/2rBKAkN940
Syndergaard’s final line was 6.2 innings, 12 hits, four runs, four earned, five walks, and four strikeouts. The low strikeouts are alarming, but not as much as the walks or the career high in hits allowed.
Still, this was mostly a fun game with some terrific signs for the Mets going forward. Here’s hoping the Mets didn’t burn through all their offense for this series with Jacob deGrom going Sunday.
When Justin Turner hit a first inning home run off of Jacob deGrom, it was evident deGrom did not have his best stuff. After all, deGrom had not allowed a home run in his last 42 innings pitched. As it turned out, it really was a struggle for deGrom with him needing 109 pitches to get through six innings. That’s notably because he threw 108 pitches in each of his last three starts, and he went 9.0, 6.0, and 8.0 innings respectively.
Through all of his troubles tonight and him fighting it, deGrom’s final line was 6.0 innings, two hits, one run, one earned, one walk, and six strikeouts.
It’s at the point where deGrom is so good his inability to find himself and be on his A game leads him to having an absolutely terrific and dominant start. He’s been having a lot of those lately. In fact, with this quality start, deGrom set a new Mets record with 20 straight quality starts. It gets better. With deGrom allowing three earned runs or less in his past 25 starts, he has set a new MLB record.
And to think there are some people who don’t want to give him the Cy Young. Of course, those people’s justification is wins. Well, tonight was another exercise of how absurd that is.
While deGrom has been great all season, Alex Wood has been great of late, and the Mets do not hit left-handed batters well. More to the point, for some reason when the Mets have been playing good teams of late, they find ways to shoot themselves in the foot. Tonight was no exception.
In the first Wilmer Flores hit into an inning ending double play. In the second, Todd Frazier, who had made a fine catch in the game diving into the stands, was thrown out stealing to end the inning. In the third, Austin Jackson struck out to end the inning with runners at second and third. After all of that, deGrom needed to take control of things himself in the fifth inning.
After a Jay Bruce leadoff walk and a Devin Mesoraco single (he was lifted from the game and Jose Reyes pinch ran for him due to injury), Jeff McNeil hit into a double play leaving it up to deGrom to get Bruce home from third. With him using McNeil’s bat, deGrom delivered the RBI single tying the game at 1-1. Really, deGrom was doing all he could do out there with him combining his excellent pitching with him going 2-for-2 at the plate.
There was a chance deGrom was going to get into the seventh inning in this game to just allow him to hang around long enough to hope beyond hope the Mets put him in a position to win. However with an Amed Rosario error in the sixth inning, that pretty much ended that hope meaning the 8-8 deGrom was saddled with another no decision, and this was going to become a battle of the bullpens.
The Mets would win that battle as the offense would eventually break through and because the Mets bullpen did not break.
In the seventh, the Mets were close. They had the bases loaded with two outs, but Jackson couldn’t deliver the key hit. Well, if the Mets thought they were close, the Dodgers were even closer.
Against Seth Lugo in the seventh, they had runners at the corners and no outs. Lugo first struck out Yasmani Grandal, and then he induced Yasiel Puig to hit into the inning ending 6-4-3 double play.
In the eighth, Drew Smith issued a two out walk to Turner which almost blew up in his face. If not for the low right field wall in Dodgers Stadium, it is likely Manny Machado‘s double gives the Dodgers a 2-1 lead instead of being a ground rule double putting runners at second and third with two outs. After getting Enrique Hernandez to fly out to center, Smith officially dodged a bullet.
Kenta Maeda was not dodging the same bullet in the ninth. After a Bruce leadoff double, Kevin Plawecki sacrificed him over to third base. After McNeil was hit by a pitch, the Mets had runners at the corners with one out setting the stage for Brandon Nimmo, who came on to pinch hit for Smith:
With Nimmo’s pinch hit three run homer, the Mets had an unlikely 4-1 lead, which Robert Gsellman had the task to save. It was not going to be easy for him and the Mets. After a replay review, the Dodgers had runners at the corners with no outs. The game was 4-2 after Grandal brought a run home with a sacrifice fly. That would be the final score as Gsellman induced Matt Kemp to hit into the game ending 6-4-3 double play.
So overall, the Mets won a game partially because of the six dominant innings he gave them, but for some reason, there is going to be a voter out there who is not going to put him atop the Cy Young ballot because of his 8-8 record.
Game Notes: With the Dodgers starting the left-handed Wood, McNeil batted eighth, and Nimmo was on the bench. Before the game, the Mets recalled Dominic Smith, Jack Reinheimer, and Drew Gagnon.
Zack Wheeler was back in San Francisco to pitch against the team who made him the sixth overall pick of the 2009 draft. Like he has to most teams in baseball this year, especially in the second half of the season, Wheeler showed the Giants why he was drafted that high.
Even with him yielding two doubles over the first six innings, the Giants never truly threatened Wheeler. Really, it wasn’t until the third triple of the game that Wheeler faced any real danger.
Brandon Belt would lead off the seventh with a double, and he would move to third on a ground out to shortstop. It was a slow hit ball off the bat of Austin Slater, one which shortstop Jose Reyes made zero attempt to charge. Therefore, even with the ball being hit to Reyes’ right, Belt would be able to advance. This was important as Chris Shaw would hit a fly ball to center that easily scored Belt.
That run caused partially by a lackadaisical play by Reyes would be the dagger in this game despite Wheeler pitching seven innings allowing just the one run on four hits with no walks and nine strikeouts.
The reason why this was a dagger was that no Met other than Jeff McNeil could do anything against Giants starter Andrew Suarez. For his part, Suarez allowed no runs with just two hits, no walks, and five strikeouts.
Of course, it didn’t help that Reyes was starting for the red hot Amed Rosario because Rosario needed an emergency root canal. It also didn’t help Michael Conforto was sitting and Devin Mesoraco was in the lineup as Kevin Plawecki went on paternity leave.
In the top of the eighth, the Mets would get their chance with Brandon Nimmo, who was once again curiously hitting in the bottom of the lineup again, hit a one out double. Slater would have a difficult time fielding the ball in right, but Nimmo was unable to take advantage and get to third as he was already decelerating as he approached second. It wouldn’t matter much as Reyes popped out, and Conforto would ground out to end the inning.
If there was any hopes the Mets would get back into the game, it was all dashed in a horrific bottom of the eighth with the Mets needing four relievers to record three outs. Robert Gsellman did not record an out while allowing a homer and another hit. Daniel Zamora relieved him striking out Joe Panik and Alen Hanson.
Rather than go to the bullpen to face Evan Longoria, Mickey Callaway ordered him intentionally walked to allow Zamora to face Belt. Belt would crush a pitch off the right center field wall which would have been a homer in any other park. At AT&T, it was a triple.
Drew Smith didn’t retire any of the three batters he faced leading to Jacob Rhame, who was called up for the 10th time this season, striking out Gregor Blanco to finally end the inning.
All told, the Mets went from a 1-0 deficit to a 7-0 loss. It was an ugly loss in every way, shape, and form.
Game Notes: After hinting during Spring Training, Todd Frazier was finally tabbed as the leadoff hitter. Former Met Curtis Granderson was traded to the Brewers.
Despite the Phillies claiming Jose Bautista off waivers, the Mets risked getting a deal getting nixed due to injury by putting him in the lineup. The reason for the decision was Bautista’s numbers against Jon Lester.
Perhaps inspired the Mets got off and running. Amed Rosario hit a single on the first pitch of the game, stole second, and scored on an Austin Jackson RBI single.
In what would become a theme for the night, Noah Syndergaard immediately away the lead starting with a Daniel Murphy leadoff double.
Murphy did not seem as if he was initially going to second, but with Michael Conforto not fielding it cleanly with the backhand, Murphy took the extra base. He’d score on an Anthony Rizzo RBI double.
To his credit, Syndergaard got out of that jam partially because he picked Javier Baez off first, and the rundown was executed well enough to prevent Murphy from scoring from third. That was a moot point after the Rizzo double.
The second inning rally began anew with Kevin Plawecki drawing a two out four pitch walk. Surprisingly, Lester then walked Syndergaard leading to Rosario hitting an RBI single to give the Mets a 3-1 lead.
It was a very uneven game for Plawecki. Behind the plate, he struggled, but at the plate, he excelled.
In the third, Syndergaard seemed close to working his way around a Javier Baez leadoff double. With runners at the corners and two outs, Syndergaard threw a pitch in the dirt.
Rather than getting down to block the call, Plawecki tried to backhand it leading to a wild pitch and a run scoring. Subsequently that at-bat, Syndergaard threw one in the dirt, and Plawecki didn’t get down quick enough. Fortunately, Jason Heyward didn’t move up because he lost track of the ball.
After a Willson Contreras infield single, Mickey Callaway ordered an intentional walk to load the bases. With two outs and Lester up, a career .092 hitter at the plate, it should have been inning over.
In total, Syndergaard pitched six uninspiring innings allowing four earned on nine hits with three walks and six strikeouts. Maybe it’s all the missed time, but Thor is not Thor right now.
When he departed, he was in line for the loss. That was until Plawecki got the run back he allowed with a game tying homer in the seventh:
With the much improved Mets bullpen, it seemed like the Mets were going to actually have a chance to pull this one out. Unfortunately, Jerry Blevins would have his first poor outing on over a month.
Ben Zobrist, who has really become a Mets killer, gave the Cubs the lead with an RBI double. Heyward singled putting runners at the corners with no outs leading to Callaway bringing in Drew Smith.
Daniel Zamora pitched the eighth, and he blew through the first two hitters he faced. Then his seemingly unhittable slider was hit by Rizzo for a home run giving the Cubs a 7-4 lead heading into the ninth.
Despite going 0-for-3 after being put in the lineup for his great numbers against Lester, Bautista would draw a leadoff walk off Pedro Strop.
That didn’t stop the Mets from loading the bases with one out. With the bases loaded, the Cubs went to Jesse Chavez for the save.
He dominated Rosario getting him to strike out. Chavez would then strike out Jackson on a couple of dubious strike calls, especially strike three, to end the game.
At the end of the day, Syndergaard looked less god than human, and Bautista went hitless in a game he played due to his bat.
Game Notes: Rosario was picked off by Lester for venturing way off first. Jeff McNeil‘s 11 game hitting streak ended with him popping out in a pinch hitting appearance.
The Mets are so far under .500 that they can’t even get in the mix for what is a wide open National League Wild Card. They’re not even following the Nationals lead who traded off Daniel Murphy and Matt Adams at the same time the Mets are playing Jose Bautista and Austin Jackson everyday. Given the record and the poor direction of this organization, it becomes increasingly difficult to find reasons to watch.
With that in mind, here are reasons to watch the Mets other than you love the Mets or you hate yourself:
Will Jacob deGrom finish the season strong enough to the point where he overcomes everything to become the Cy Young winner with the fewest wins from a starting pitcher?
How will the Mets handle first base with Jay Bruce, Wilmer Flores, and Dominic Smith? Will the team actually call up Peter Alonso?
Is Zack Wheeler for real, or is the guy we have known him to be during his Mets career ever going to show up again?
Can Kevin Plawecki be an everyday catcher? With the Devin Mesoraco neck injury we should finally find out.
Which one of the young relievers are for real? So far, the answer appears to be Drew Smith and Daniel Zamora, but maybe just maybe Tyler Bashlor can enter the mix as well.
Will Michael Conforto continue this second half surge, or will he regress as his shoulder presumably tires?
More than any of this, we wait for baited breath to see if David Wright will actually take the field for the Mets again. If he does, that will be the greatest reason of all to watch the Mets again this year.
With each start he makes, it becomes readily apparent if Jacob deGrom wins the Cy Young this season, he is going to do so with the lowest win total ever compiled by a starting pitcher. Looking at his stats, you really have no idea how he could be just 8-8. However, if you watched yesterday’s game, you know exactly why his record is that poor.
To no one’s surprise, deGrom began the game matching zeros with Madison Bumgarner in the first two innings. However, the Giants would break through in the third.