On the n the mix video, JC is running on a beach by himself in tan loose pants and his package is bouncing up and down. (Thanks Brianne!)
During a concert on july 24, 1999, massachusetts, Justin bent down, so his ass was facing the crowd. When he did this, his pants and undies were kinda loose, so you could see his about an inch of his crack! He quickly pulled his pants up all the way, with tons of embarassment on his face when he turned around, hoping no one noticed. He was so red they put him on the big screen.
On the March 12, 1999 concert during Sailing, Joey doesn't come completely down at the end and he's just hangin' there, all kickin' it and stuff.. He hung there for like 4 minutes then finally Chris went and got him out of that spot. Then Chris also falls with him trying to get him out. (Thanks Daniela!)
At 'n sync's concert in michigan when they were singing sailing (and flying) everyone came back but justin got stuck up in the air and everyone was laughing at him, even 'n sync.
At the aug 19th concert at irvine meadows, during the celebration joey completely slipped on the ramp thing and slid to the end of it then just layed there singing. on the next set of the concert, the rest of the guyz slid down the ramp so he didn't feel bad, then joey came down walking really really slowly and taking baby steps. (thanks Kristin!)
At the blockbuster awards (Sailing wth Christopher Cross), Joey doesn't come completely down at the end and he's just hangin' there, all kickin' it and stuff... they finally brought him down.. but you can tell it aggrivated the guys because you se JC wanting them all to hold hands and bow, but because of the ropes, they couldn't and he has the most aggrivated face.. (Thanks Elizabeth!)
In the Summer Jam Concert, When they are having the crowd do, "When I sat Ty, you say Rese," when Chris walks back to get in line, he trips. You can tell he is embarassed. (Thanks Emily!)
At a recent concert in Vegas during the song "Sailing" (When they were flying over the crowd) They were putting Chris back on stage but they lowered him too quickly and into the crowd. Chris was so scared cuz all these gurls were screaming and pulling him down, but the technician guy realized it and quickly lifted him back on stage. Chris left with a lost sneaker. (Thanks Larissa!)
the same thing almost happened in houston TX, when they were doing "Sailing" and they were flying, when Lance was in the air he couldn't balance inthe air and he was wobbling a bunch and his arms were out in the air cuz he was trying to catch his balance, and he almost flipped over.
During a concert the group was using fire hoses to spray people, and water got all over the stage. Later during the concert, Justin slipped on the water and broke his thumb! Ouch!!
At a concert, Lance turned around, and JC was right there, so needless to say JC went flying backwards into the crowd!
At a concert, Chris and JC were dancing really close together doing some funky dance moves, and there legs got tangeled up together, Chris fell right on top of JC. Then Joey comes over to help Chris up off of JC, so Chris grabs his arm and accidentally pulls him down on top of him and JC.
At a concert in Miami, they were doing the flip thing that they do during "I Want You Back" and JC fell right on his arse! Ouch!!
At a concert, Justin and Joey were hitting hips during "I Want You Back", well the second time they went to hit hips Justin accidentally backed up and Joey fell on his derriere!
On July 8, 1999 at Hunka Bunka a girl from the crowd threw a beanie baby and it hit Justin right on the nose. Also that night girls started to throw water bottles and one hit Justin again in the head and he gave us this funny mad look. (Thanks Daniela!)
At a concert, a girl threw a Hard rock bear and it hit justin 'down there.' He slumped down a little then he got back up and started singing, though everyone heard him make a noise! (Thanks Kris!)
During "Everything I Own" at a concert, someone threw a necklace at Chris and it hit him right in the forehead, he seemed like he didn't care, but the other guys were cracking up about it! Justin walked over and picked up the necklace and handed it to Chris while JC covered up his forehead with his jacket. Joey kept following everything that came at him with his eyes, to make sure he didn't get hit!
During a concert once, some girl in the audience threw a green colored condom at Justin. When he found out what it was he was grossed out, he screamed "ILL" and threw it back at her!
At a concert in Washington, someone threw a stuffed animal at Lance and it hit him right in the face!
At a concert in New Haven Conn. JC was singing and he was really into the music, well the crowd was really into throwing stuff at them, and someone threw a stuffed animal and it hit him right in the crouch! Ouch..Poor baby! He acted like nothing happened, even thought it hurt! But for the rest of the show the guys either dodged or caught everything that was thrown at them!
On the n the mix video. It's at the beginning of the choreography segment, when they are performing "I just wanna be with you" -watch Justin as he glides from his left foot to his right foot on "that's all i wanna do" or rather, watch his crotch. His package jiggles and it is very noticeable! (Thanks Aly!)
On the NSYNC N THE MIX Video, and look at the part where they are rehearsing "CRAZY FOR YOU" on the outside stage and Chris is wearing a orange fubu shirt...Look at his pants, he seems a little "aroused." (Thanx Melissa!)
During a concert on the 'Nsync 'N the Mix video, the concert where there wearing black pants w/ white shirts, a girl in the crowd threw a water bottle at Justin and it hit him right in the face, he turns and gives her a dirty look!
On the *N The Mix Video, when the guys were onstage rehearsing before a show, Chris kicks Joey in the ass, and Joey just stands there.
On the n the mix video, Justin is talking and he rubs his arm and then grabs himself (Thanks Emily!)
On the 'Nsync 'N The Mix Video, Chris gets piano key marks on his forehead after slamming his head on the keys.
In the *N the Mix video ... at the end where they show the guys performing "God Must Have Spent..." from the Disney concert ~ the last time that they sing "When I look into your eyes I know that its true" Justin is standing on the end and JC is in the middle ... then they finish the line and they sing "God must have spent a little more time on you" and then Justin is in the middle and JC is on the end! They kinda just magically switch places!!
On the Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays video... when right after Lance gives thelady a present he turns around and grabs him self (Thanks Lindsay!)
On the Disney in Concert Special at one point they are talking to Lance and JC walks by in the background...scratching his armpit! (Thanks Jilian!)
On the Disney in concert special, during "God Must Have Spent..." at the end of Justin's solo at the beginning, he goes to put his mic back and misses the stand. But as cool as he is, he casually slips it in there. (Thanks Skye!)
On the Disney channel special during "Here We Go" they were doing the shuffel part of there routine and JC slipped and fell.
On the Disney 'N' Concert Special, While singing "Here We Go" Justin goes "uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh" and squints his face as if something hurts! (Thanks Jenna!)
On the Disney Special on the song "Here we go" at the very begining Justin starts moving his arms around thinking its part of the show then he looks up and realizes that he wasn't suppose to do that, and tries to cover it up.
On the Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays Video, at the end of it, a girl grabs Justin's ass, and he grabs her hand and pulls it away from his ass.
On X-mas, at Disney, JC and Joey were jummping around while they were singing "Merry Christmas Happy Holidays" they bumped into each other. Luckily they didn't fall, but they didn't stand next to each other for the rest of the show
When the guys were filming "For The Girl Who Has Everything" Justin fell off his horse good thing he didn't get hurt! That would be bad!
At the end of "Tearin Up My Heart" Lance to point at the camera but he accidentally flips the camera off!
In "Tearin Up My Heart" JC holds up a shirt in the mirror and Joey gives it a thumb down, later on in the video, Lance is wearing the same shirt!
in Tearin Up My Heart when they show the place from above (looking down on it) JC looks at himself in the mirror, then howls. (Thanks Courtney!)
At the *N Sync * N Concert on pay-per-view, someone throws a waterbottle on stage, and later, Justin picks it up so no one would trip, but he also sneaked a little drink in there, too!
On TRL when the news guy was showing a clip of them while Justin was talking, Lance all of a sudden started laughing out loud for no aparent reason and all the guys were looking at him funny.
At the one awards show where they guys sang *Sailing* with Christopher Cross, the guys were sailing over the audience and everything was going great. they showed a shot of Christopher Cross, and a pic of the guys, and then, a pic of the audience where you can see *N Sync is sitting. I think it was a mess-up of the editors of that awards show. (Thanks Sarah!)
When they were on Regis and Kathie Lee, the crew accidently spelled J.C.'s name wrong and put J.C. Chases. Also they said Chris was 27 and he got this funny look on his face and he goes, "I'm 26." They put Justin's name in parentheses, like it was a nickname, and they called Lance "Lansten" but they spelled it wrong. Also, JC misses half of his verse when they sing! (Thanks Laura!)
On march 28, 1999 -in grand rapids, michigan- when nsync was doing their talk to the audience, they were sitting on the stairs and drinking water and justin started choking on his water cuz he was laughing so hard and the other 4 guys started laughing at him and soon everyone was laughing because they put his face on the close up screen!
ok, on the summer jam concert, when they are announcing the things evryone should do in the summer, its chris' turn and it looks like he has a booger hanging right out of his nose! (Thanks Lynsey!)
On the July 31, 1999 concert, during "Crazy for you" Justin did a pelvic thrust when it sounds like there is gonna be the boom boom boom but there wasn't one. He kinda looked at Joey and smiled. (Thanks Steph!)
At their August 6th concert, they got water guns and flew out over the crowd at the very end of the concert. Joey was above Chris, and his water gun dripped and the water landed right on Chris' head! Chris looked up at Joey with a funny look on his face. (Thanks Laura!)
On All Access during IWYB, right before they have the audience sing, Lance's earpeice falls out and you can see it dangling. Then as they are singing "you're the one I want(louder!)..." he quietly sneaks it back in while he's bending down. (Thanks Kristin!)
At a concert during God Must have Spent, Chris accidently sings Justin's part and Justin yells, "yo Chris, shut up, thats my part!'
On MTV, when they had their top 50 video's, when Lance is giving the tour of the bus. When he shows the bathroom, Chris says in the background, "that's where we put our naked asses"
Also, on the CD, at the end of "I Just Wanna Be With You", it sounds like joey says "full force.....sex" in the background. But you have to listen closely! (Thanks Julie & Courtney!)
During a photo shoot break, Chris decided to take a go cart for a ride. He thought that it would be funny to drive in a bush, but when he drove into the bush he got leaves all over. In fact, he couldn't see what he was doing and lost control of the cart. When he managed to stop the cart, it stop so suddenly that he fell off it infront of the camera crew and the rest of NSYNC. (Thanks Alicia!)
At my May 13th '99 concert, during the Jackson Five act, JC knock his mic off the stand. He picked it up casually and hoped nobody noticed.
At a different concert On Nov. 17th '98, during For The Girl Who Has Everything, Lance dropped his chair on accident while spinning it around. He smiled and looked really embaressed. But he picked the chair up and kept going! (Thanks Marie!)
On the Kids' Choice Awards, when they are dancing to the chorus of I Want You Back, JC messes up completely!
At the very end of Summer Jam, when Justin says "We are 'N Sync", he has a piece of confetti sticking straight out of his hair!
At a concert during the opening act, Lance was twirling a glowing stick thing around and he just totally lost his grip and it went flying to the ground and Joey had to run to pick it up for him before it fell off the stage!
Joey sprained his ankle during a show. He had to do three other shows, so he was a brave guy and hopped on to the stage each time! Well he was supposed to flip his foot over JC's head, but it was hurt so he couldn't get it high enough, he tried to but when he did he slipped and fell on his ass!
One time Joey sprained his ankle so bad his toes turned black and blue, he had more shows to do, she one by one he hopped and danced for each one!
During a concert, Lance ran out on stage to early, he was wearing yellow, they were wearing black, so everyone noticed!
During JC's first time skiing, he fell and knocked over all the ski's on the rack, right in front of the pro's!
During the winter Kid's Choice Awards when Kenan gives 'N Sync some cookies they all take little bites and make fake faces like "mmm... yummy." and then Lance throws his cookie behind him. (Thanks Kelli!)
The map sometimes shows linear gaps in areas of woodland without explaining their function. In this case the gap carries an 11 KV electricity distribution line. (Note: gap not shown on 1:50,000 map but is on 1:25,000)
View this location: KML (Google Earth) · Google Maps · Bing Maps · OS Map Checksheet · Geograph Map · More Links for this image
Lord Kapila is a renowned sage and the author of the philosophical system known as Sankhya, which forms an important part of India's ancient philosophical heritage.
Sankhya is a system of metaphysics that deals with the elemental principles of the universe; it is also a system of spiritual knowledge, with its own methodology, and culminates in full consciousness of the Supreme Absolute.
This book deals with his answers to his mother's enquiry about how to overcome ignorance and delusion and attain spiritual enlightenment.
The underlying theme running throughout his answers and throughout Srila Prabhupada's commentaries on them is that one can achieve this goal by practicing bhakti-yoga, the process of linking one's heart to the Lord's heart through loving devotional service.
This series, with original Sanskrit, translations, and purports, sheds light on such topics as the significance of the guru, the psychology of consciousness, the characteristics of a self-realized person, the science of meditation, the nature of transcendental knowledge, and the process of ultimate liberation.
At their first meeting, in 1922, Srila Prabhupada was asked by his spiritual master, Srila Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura, to broadcast Vedic knowledge in English. In the years that followed, Srila Prabhupada wrote a commentary on the Bhagavad-gita, assisted the Gaudiya Matha in its work and, in 1944, started Back to Godhead, an English fortnightly magazine.
Thank you for your great ambition and support in my career. You always have a quick solution to any problem and bring in great ideas. What an excellent level of client service!
athletes first sportmanagement GmbH (AfS) www.ath1st.com is a full-service sport agency and global sport communication with services in client management, sportconsulting, sportmarketing, sportsponsoring, sportadvertising and sport events. AfS covers all major olympic games sport codes: soccer, athletics / track&field, tennis, swimming, as well as golf, marathon, roadraces and paraplegic sports. AfS services professional players, athletes, coaches and national teams with approved FIFA licence players agents, IAAF Athletes Representatives, Team Managers and sport agents. AfS Athletics Division offers a full service athletes tour management, including the IAAF World Athletics Championships, IAAF Diamond League, IAAF World Challenge Meetings, EAA Premium Meetings and German Meetings series, Athletics Team Base Camps (TBC) and training centers, Athletes Liaison for international competitions. Furthermore AfS is specialized in sport event security, sport hospitality, sport travel and brandmarketing in sport.
2014—Played in all 20 games of the season where he had 15 shots and was second on the team with two assists, and added two goals … scored the game-winning goal at home against Penn St.-Harrisburg and led the team in shots-on-goal percentage* (.733) over the season ... made fall and spring semester President's and Provost's Lists ... named to the CAC All-Academic Team.
High School—Lettered on the varsity soccer team at Deer Park High School ... earned first team Academic for The Great Northern League ... earned second team All-League midfield ... earned first team All-League midfield ... Elk's National Scholar.
Personal—Parents are J and Remee Attridge ... served a two year mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 2011-2013 ... Deer Park High School Valedictorian.
Beautiful Lucy Valentine is years old and is originally from . Lucy Valentine currently has 12 photo sets with 1691 individual pictures. Lucy Valentine also has 4 movies.
All models found on this website were OVER 18 years of age when photographed. All paperwork pertaining to Title 18 U.S.C. 2257 is on file and available for inspection.
ADRA is changing the lives of millions of people around the world. Our on-the-ground approach has grown to include local offices in more than 130 countries. When disaster strikes, ADRA is already there to help those in need. Once the urgent need has passed, ADRA stays there to provide ongoing support, ensure rehabilitation and continue long-term development work for sustainable change.
We operate more than 130 local offices around the world responsible for the day-to-day implementation and management of regional programs. Our local operations are supported by 27 managerial offices, providing technical, administrative and financial assistance. ADRA’s network of offices work closely to ensure the effective monitoring and evaluation of local programs. ADRA International is the central office of the ADRA network and is focused on the mobilization of government resources and private funding in the U.S.
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is Formulated to Provide Top Efficiency in Stationary Engines Fueled by Natural Gas
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil delivers superior protection in stationary natural gas engines calling for an SAE 40, low-ash lubricant. Its shear-stable formula qualifies it as a multi-grade 20W-40 so it can be used over a broad ambient temperature range, reducing the need for seasonal oil changes.
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is formulated with low sulfated ash to minimize carbon deposits and port blockage, resulting in reduced maintenance and extended equipment life. Advanced anti-wear and antiscuff protection helps control valve recession and wear on piston rings, cylinder liners and bearings during continuous severe-service operation in stationary natural gas engines.
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is engineered with premium base oils and additives to improve engine lubrication by keeping oil passages cleaner. Its balanced formula allows for a high total base number (TBN) to protect against corrosion while meeting low ash requirements.
Nitration is a common concern in natural gas engines and can cause oil to thicken, reducing operational efficiency. AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is naturally resistant to nitration, delivering maximum protection in natural gas engines.
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is formulated with low zinc and phosphorus levels to prolong the life of emission catalyst systems without sacrificing wear protection.
AMSOIL Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is a long life oil that has demonstrated extended drain interval capabilities when carefully monitored by an oil analysis program. When extending oil drain intervals, change the oil filter at the engine manufacturerâ€™s recommended interval.
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is recommended for use in stationary four-stroke and two-stroke engines that require low-ash (<.50%) engine oil and are fueled by natural gas.
AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil is compatible with conventional petroleum oils and other synthetic lubricants; however, mixing AMSOIL Stationary Engine Oil with other oils will shorten the oil’s life expectancy and reduce the performance benefits.
Aftermarket oil additives are not recommended for use with AMSOIL Synthetic Stationary Natural Gas Engine Oil.
This product is not expected to cause health concerns when used for the intended application and according to the recommendations in the Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS). An MSDS is available via the Internet at www.amsoil.com or upon request at (715) 392-7101. Keep Out of Reach of Children.
AMSOIL Dealer alaska » Amsoil Fuel Additives, Amsoil new products, Amsoil Products » AMSOIL Motorcycle Octane Boost Recommended by Harley Riders
AMSOIL Motorcycle Octane Boost (MOB) increases octane for power and efficiency. It is designed to improve startup performance and eliminate engine ping and knock for increased power at low-rpm operation. Motorcycle Octane Boost contains detergents that help combustion chambers and fuel delivery systems maintain cleanliness for optimum performance. At the recommended treat rate, it does not harm catalytic converters or oxygen sensors and is compatible with all other AMSOIL fuel additives.
When treated at 1.3 oz. per gallon of fuel, Motorcycle Octane Boost increases the octane of gasoline up to three numbers. Increased octane improves power and can eliminate performance-robbing and potentially damaging engine knock or ping (see below).
Engine knock is especially noticeable in some motorcycles during idle or low-rpm operation and high-temperature driving. Most modern bikes are equipped with sophisticated knock-detection systems that can alter spark timing and the air-to-fuel mixture until knock ceases. Although these systems protect the engine from damage, they can also cause reduced horsepower and poor low-rpm operability. AMSOIL Motorcycle Octane Boost helps reduce the need for knock-detection systems to compensate, ensuring maximum low-rpm power and performance in modern bikes.
Because Motorcycle Octane Boost contains active detergents, it can help maintain efficiency. For clean up, however, AMSOIL recommends treating gasoline with AMSOIL Quickshot®, which contains a greater concentration of cleaning agents. Maximizes Power and Efficiency
The tendency of a hydrocarbon fuel, such as gasoline, to knock is measured by its octane number. Lower numbers denote a greater knock tendency; higher numbers denote greater knock control. “Engine knock” is a reference to the sound made from an uncontrolled and early ignition of fuel in the combustion chamber. It causes a knocking or pinging sound, robs the engine of power and can cause catastrophic engine damage. Knock may be eliminated by increasing the fuel’s octane.
Research Octane Number (RON), Motor Octane Number (MON) and Anti-Knock Index (AKI) are the three most common octane ratings. AKI, the rating with which most North American motorists are familiar, is typically displayed on gas pumps as the average of the fuel’s RON and MON [(R+M)/2]. RON, however, is the most common industry rating. Therefore, AMSOIL uses the RON rating when conducting performance tests and product validation. Gasoline’s RON generally is a few numbers higher than the AKI posted on the gas pump (e.g. 87 octane fuel, or regular pump gas, has a RON of about 91-92).
When marketing their products, some additive manufacturers have adopted a points system where 10 points equals one octane number. A claim that an additive increases octane 30 points translates into an increase of three octane numbers. This approach is often used only to artificially strengthen marketing claims and is not endorsed by AMSOIL.
One 4-oz. bottle of AMSOIL Motorcycle Octane Boost treats four to six gallons of gasoline. Slight overtreatment causes no issues,
AMSOIL Motorcycle Octane Boost is primarily recommended for use in four-stroke air- or liquid-cooled motorcycles manufactured by Harley-Davidson®, Yamaha®, Honda®, Ducati®, BMW®, Triumph® and all other four-stroke motorcycles. It may be used in off-road applications, including ATVs, UTVs and snowmobiles, as an alternative to AMSOIL DOMINATOR® Octane Boost. Note: Clean spills immediately using a clean towel. If left standing, Motorcycle Octane Boost can stain painted or metal surfaces. If cleaned immediately, there is no need for concern.
This product is not expected to cause health concerns when used for the intended application and according to the recommendations in the Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS). An MSDS is available via the Internet at www.amsoil.com or upon request at (715) 392-7101. Keep Out of Reach of Children. Don’t pollute.
Filed under: Amsoil Fuel Additives, Amsoil new products, Amsoil Products · Tags: amsoil, Amsoil Fuel Additives, AMSOIL Motorcycle Octane Boost, BMW®, Ducati®, engine knock treatments, harley fuel treatments, Harley-Davidson, Honda®, Motorcycle Octane Boost, Triumph®, Yamaha®
My family and I stayed for a few nights at Karin's place and we had a great time. The apartment is beautiful and ideal for spending evenings together in the living area. It's a bit further away from the ocean bit you can still easily walk there. Perfect and quiet place! We are looking forward to coming back some time.
Kerin is a very nice and helpful host and we felt welcome at her house. We had a great time there. It was clean and everything we needed was there.
Pharmacists are highly trained health professionals. Before becoming a pharmacist, theyll have completed a four-year university degree and worked for a year under the supervision of an experienced and qualified pharmacist, usually in a hospital or local pharmacy. Pharmacy teams play a key role in providing quality healthcare. Pharmacists are experts in medicines, and use their clinical expertise, together with their practical knowledge, to advise you on minor health concerns, such as coughs, colds, aches and pains, as well as healthy eating and stopping smoking. Pharmacists can also help you decide whether you need to see a medical health professional. They can help you consider the alternatives next time youre thinking of making a doctors appointment.
Community pharmacists are the health professionals most accessible to the public. They supply medicines in accordance with a prescription or, when legally permitted, sell them without a prescription. In addition to ensuring an accurate supply of appropriate products, their professional activities also cover counselling of patients at the time of dispensing of prescription and non-prescription drugs, drug information to health professionals, patients and the general public, and participation in health-promotion programmes. They maintain links with other health professionals in primary health care.
Most people will find a 25th Anniversary party to be a time for playing 25th Anniversary party games and printable activities while interacting with friends. Various types of games are ideal for a 25th Anniversary party; however the key to this party and others is planning games that compliment the party itself and add to the event. Playing games such as Never Have I Ever and Have You Ever, for example, will definitely add to the party.
For most 25th Anniversary party guests, getting together with friends will be just as much fun as playing entertaining games. For this reason, playing Never Have I Ever should bring a lot of laughter and entertainment to the room. The directions for playing games such as Never Have I Ever and Have You Ever are quite similar and can be adapted for a variety of age groups. First of all, each guest is given ten pennies or beans to use as tokens. Then the first player is chosen. This person makes the statement, Never Have I Ever, and completes it with something they have never done. All the players that have done this particular thing must give a bean to that person. The winner is the first person that runs out of beans.
The game Have You Ever is played by placing one less chair than guests in the circle. All of the guests stand up as the guest says, Have You Ever, and fills in the blank. Everyone that has done this specific thing must scramble to find a chair. Then the person that does not have a chair is out and then another chair is removed before the game is started again. The person who gets the last chair is declared the winner of the game. This game along with similar party games will make a 25th Anniversary party a lot of fun. Many guests at the 25th Anniversary party will enjoy playing Charades or Pictionary. Both of these games are ideal for a special 25th Anniversary party with a variety of guests. The hostess should divide the guests into groups and then begin playing Charades. Additionally other guests will enjoy having a variety of printable activities such as scrabble, word searches and word jumbles. More often than not theses printable activities will have your guests working in groups and having a great time making them perfect for a 25th Anniversary Party which includes party games and printable activities perfect for guests of all ages.
Mrs. Party… Gail Leino gives fun ideas for fashion and entertaining, parties, games and activities. Plus, she creatively provides information on free party games party planning freebies and party supplies, favors, decorations. Use her tips and ideas for an awesome celebration. Plus, theme music and movie song lists for a special touch to any celebration.
Posted in Wedding Decorations and tagged 25th, activities, Anniversary, Celebrate, Century, Games, Party, Printable, Quarter, Togetherness
All Sports Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Track & Field/Cross Country Women's Tennis Bowling Men's Tennis Volleyball Women's Cross Country Men's Track & Field Men's Cross Country Football Softball Men's Golf Gymnastics Men's Ice Hockey Women's Ice Hockey Soccer Cross Country Swimming & Diving Track & Field Men's Lacrosse Cheerleading
"Living up to a family legacy like the Reynolds' at Brigham Young University is not easy, and expectations were especially high for Matt coming off a Parade All-American high school career. Following his father, Lance, and brothers, Lance, Jr. and Dallas, on the Cougars' line not was easy, but he certainly has met the challenge head-on, earning many accolades--and the eye of NFL scouts.
Reynolds served his LDS mission after high school, then redshirted the 2007 season to get back into the flow of the game. He lived up to those high expectations in his freshman year, earning Freshman All-American honors from multiple outlets at left tackle. Mountain West coaches named him first-team all-conference in each of the next two seasons, and he started every game to run his streak to 39 straight.
Reynolds is a bit older than the typical prospect because of his LDS mission and five years at BYU, and his thick body looks more like that of a powerful NFL right tackle than the typically more athletic starter on the blind side. However, he has good feet for his size and somehow gets the job done in pass protection despite being out-quicked at times. That combination size, strength, short-area quickness and toughness make him a viable early-round pick.
Pass Blocking: Widebody who is difficult to get an outside rush against when in balance and nearly impossible to bull rush due to his strong anchor. Plays with wide base and flashes lateral agility to mirror quicker ends. Attacks his man and stays with him to sustain through the play. Better pass rushers can get him upfield and spin, punch, or stop to get inside lane. Adequate recovery speed; sometimes redirects quick defenders around the pocket if beaten off the snap but at times needing to hold to get the job done--pro pass rushers more likely to take advantage. Nearly stands straight up in his stance on most pass plays but plays with some bend and is capable in pass pro with his hand on the ground. Plays with extremely wide split with left guard if defender lined up outside.
Run Blocking: Size, strength, and quick feet make him an effective positional blocker. Gets into position immediately after the snap, extends his arms and engulfing defenders at times. Will punch his target multiple times to make sure he cannot get off the block or make the backside play. BYU running game predicated on draws, needs to prove he can stay low off the snap to win leverage battles on power runs against NFL defensive linemen.
Pulling/Trapping: Rarely gets a chance to show his ability to block on the move. Feet are nimble enough to trap inside, has strength to negate smaller targets coming straight-on in the hole. Would be more likely to stick a hand out to push aside hard-charging inside targets due to his bulk and average flexibility, rather than stopping them.
Initial Quickness: Gets his massive body moving quickly enough to be effective as a power blocker and to prevent ends from turning the corner in pass protection, though lining up well wide of the guard on some plays protects him. Effective getting out of his three-point stance, though his hand placement is inconsistent; his size won't be enough to move defenders at the next level.
DownField: Has relatively light feet to get to the second level or act as an escort for running backs on the outside. Quickly moves from one target to another if in traffic. Lacks quickness to adjust to smaller defenders in space and lunges at targets at times, getting in their way but not sustaining long enough to keep them from the play.
Intangibles: Two-time team captain. Played through left shoulder injury with harness in 2010, has surgery after the season. Father, Lance has been a coach at BYU for 30 years after playing for the Cougars and in the NFL. Brothers Lance and Dallas were starting offensive lineman for BYU. Served LDS mission to Munich, Germany. Younger brother, Houston, currently plays for the Cougars. Married Brianna Reynolds in February 2009, had daughter, Lucy on New Year's Eve 2010. Older than the typical rookie prospect."
"A thickly built offensive line prospect with a sloppy mid-section, Reynolds needs to cut down some of the unnecessary stomach girth and doesn't look real long armed on tape. He possesses good coordination in pass protection when asked to mirror in space or through contact.
He also showcases natural fluidity in his hips and can re-direct when need be as long as he has his feet under him. He has improved a bit with his mechanics this season, doing a better job trying to tighten up his footwork and keep his base down, but that's still a work in progress.
Reynolds allows himself to get too upright at times; he gets overextended with his feet and can be slow to re-direct and mirror, especially off the snap.
Also, he needs to improve his overall hand location into blocks, he's more of a catcher off the edge, doesn't showcase a real jarring punch and too often gets his hands outside the frame of defenders, exposing his chest.
He possesses the natural strength at the college level to get away with it, but he still has some work to do in that area. He lacks ideal range when asked to reach speed off the edge, and he's routinely forced to open up his hips and lunge into defenders, attempting to push them past the pocket.
He's at his best in the run game when asked to step and seal on the edge, doing a great job quickly getting into defenders, locking on with his strong hands and finishing blocks on the perimeter.
He also possesses the coordination to stick to defenders through the play and likes to finish blocks, showcasing a bit of a mean streak through the play.
Reynolds has some initial pop in the run game as well, displaying the flexibility to sit into his stance, keep his pad level down and create a jolt on contact when asked to play in a phone booth.
However, the more space he's asked to block in, the less effective he is. He has a tendency to allow his pad level to rise when forced to reach defenders off his frame, and he really struggles to stay engaged through slide down blocks, as his feet really seem to get heavy as he lacks ideal athleticism.
He showcases good body control when asked to break down in space and seal at the second level, but again he displays only average range on the move.
Impression: An overhyped college left tackle who looks better suited to play right tackle in the NFL. He is a bit older than most prospects as well and looks more like a reserve at best to me."
"Wide, soft-bodied, top-heavy, lumbering college left tackle better suited for the right side in the pros.
Must prove he can handle quickness better and keep defenders from crossing his face to stay on the left side in the pros. Could warrant looks inside."
"First Word: Out of every junior considering the 2011 NFL Draft, few returnees came as close to jumping to the NFL than BYU left tackle Matt Reynolds.
Despite a nagging shoulder injury that eventually required surgery after last season, Reynolds only gave up one sack, according to the university. Reynolds has been a starter nice his freshman season where he started 13 games.
Although Reynolds has been a left tackle throughout his career, he may be best suited in the NFL on the right side. Reynolds' game is similar to that of Levi Brown of the Arizona Cardinals. Like Brown, Reynolds has started a lot in college, has a big frame and a lot of strength.
Also like Brown, Reynolds projects to the right side because he's not the quickest lineman working to the outside. There's not a lot of explosion to Reynolds' game, but when he can anchor, he's very good.
Bold Prediction: Offseason workouts and all-star games are going to negatively affect Reynolds' draft stock.
• Has a body that's ready for the NFL right now. Is big in his upper body and Reynolds nows how to use his strength against power rushers.
• Will sometimes get high in his stance but generally plays with good knee bend to get power off the snap.
• Where Reynolds struggles is getting to the edge in pass protection. He's a step slow and while that may be good enough at BYU, it will hurt him in the pros.
• Is much better when playing in a contained space instead of having to work a large area. Because of that, Reynolds may also have a future as an NFL guard.
• His arm measurements will be interesting and be one of the ultimate factors in where he gets drafted.
• Struggled at times in 2010 because of a lingering shoulder injury. The injury forced him to wear a should harness for part of the season. Still, Reynolds reportedly only allowed a single sack as a junior.
• Even following surgery, Reynolds' shoulder will face much scrutiny by NFL medical teams. He told the Deseret News that it "slipped out a couple of times" during the season."
"Arguably the most heralded recruit in BYU history has not disappointed; three-year starter working on a 39-game consecutive starting streak; played through a painful shoulder injury last fall, though, and underwent post-season surgery which forced him to miss spring practice;
Physically dominating drive blocker who engulfs defenders at the point of attack; has long arms and decent short-area quickness; also plays with a bit of mean streak; also gets good arm extension protecting the pocket and is a long way around,
But lacks the athletic feet to figure as a LT in the NFL so will have to switch to the right side or OG; son of a coach, is a rock-solid citizen who is married with a daughter; also a good student, but will be 25 when he finally gets to a pro camp after doing a church mission."
"Positives: Mature, spent two years on a church mission... Solid athlete... Good strength... Solid pass protector... Ideal size and reasonably long arms... Uses his hands well... Reasonably good agility... Good lateral movement and slide... Very solid blocking range... Redirects well... Possesses a good anchor and handles bullrushers well... Explosive, good initial burst, fires out of his stance... Good hand punch, can knock defenders back on their heels... Strong hands, controls and steers defenders once locker on... Can turn defender from the action, seals off the inside well... Good run blocker... Flashes good power at POA... Does a nice job drive blocking, plays with very solid leverage... Can get to the second level... Take good angles... Reasonably good flexibility and body control... Breaks down reasonably well and can generally hit moving targets... Physical, good mental and physical toughness, will play hurt.
Negatives: Can be a bit of a leaner on the move... Doesn't explode into second level blocks but rather just pushes through them... Can be beat by speed... Lateral movement and backpedal gets hurried and awkward versus speed rushers... Inconsistent kick slide, initial kick step can get too wide... Can struggle with quick inside countermoves... Struggles staying in front of quicker pass rushers, lacks the footwork of a blindside Tackle... Best fit is probably at Right Tackle, similar to Cowboy RT Marc Columbo."
"Matt will still have his struggles with speed rushers throughout the season. His initial pass set is solid but too often had to bail early even against less than spectacular ends furnished by Washington. Once Reynolds faces a quicker opponent that can shorten the porch, notices Reynolds turning his shoulders early, the tackle can and will struggle tremendously. He is simply lacking the elite athleticism which separates top tackle prospects.
Furthermore, Reynolds is far from an intimidating run blockin presence. He often entered his blocks too high and had a tendency to wall off defenders instead of driving them.
An added bonus is seeing the tackle’s versatility on a down by down basis since the Cougars now employ strength calls for their offensive line.
Reynolds can hold down left tackle but may eventually be best suited to right tackle. His style of play is very reminiscent of former second rounder and current starter at Jacksonville, Eben Britton."
"Skinny: It’s close to a consensus in the scouting community that Matt Reynolds is the top junior offensive lineman heading into the 2010 college season. In fact, many believe the left tackle could be the first big ugly off the board in the 2011 NFL Draft should the Cougar decide to declare. Much ballyhooed coming out of high school Reynolds chose BYU over Nebraska, California and Oregon among other top programs. He proceeded to redshirt in 2007, following his church mission in Munich, Germany. Upon his return, Reynolds stepped seamlessly into the Cougars lineup at left tackle, where he has started 26 straight games heading into his junior campaign. The first team All-Mountain West performer has been critical to BYU’s explosive attack, particular with his pass protection, which has been stellar even in the most obvious of passing downs.
At 6’6” and 329 pounds Reynolds has prototypical size for a left tackle, which shouldn’t come as a big surprise considering his pedigree. His father Lance was also a lineman at BYU before moving on to the NFL and is currently coaching at the Mormon school. This has contributed to the younger Reynolds’ development, as the underclassman is advanced in his blocking technique well beyond his years. The gifted tackle takes good angles to neutralize pass rushers trying to get by him off the edge, he adjusts well to the pass-rusher’s moves and uses his long arms to keep his opponent at bay. He is also blessed with the lateral mobility that allows him to mirror most pass rushers, however he can have trouble when backpedaling against speedier defenders, which is why some believe he may be better suited to play on the right side of the line at the next level. In the running game, Reynolds does an exceptions job of keeping his feet moving once engaged with blockers. The Provo native is also physical and tough as nails; Reynolds fractured his left hands in the pre-season and did not miss a beat as a sophomore.
This Cougar is a mountain of an offensive tackle, standing at 6’6” and approximately 330 pounds; it’s often difficult to make out the defensive lineman lining up against him due to the size of Reynolds’ shadow. The soon-to-be junior out of BYU combines impressive strength, size, attitude, athleticism and punch to maul opposing linemen. Reynolds’ punch might be his best attribute—it’s violent and jarring; when linemen come out of their stances Reynolds’ initial contact is so jarring it can knock them off balance, allowing the left tackle to easily control them. Reynolds also explodes off the snap, ready to do damage in an instant as his hips generate an impressive amount of power.
His long arms and big hands allow him to lead when he dances with most defenders; once he engages his opponent, it’s lights out most of the time. That lack of fleetness of foot and his tendency to get sloppy in his footwork make him vulnerable to speed rushers coming from the outside. While his run blocking his ahead of his of pass blocking at this point in time and his footwork needs to be coached up, his potential is enormous. Reynolds could a first round pick should he decide to declare following his junior season."
Kim Kardashian Datimg news, gossip, tinder hook up leads to lawsuit of Kim Kardashian West, biography, Kim Kardashian West boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Kim. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive anchorage alaska dating sites of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles.
Lewis (1898-1963) wt is the meaning of dating an Irish author most famous for kissing parrots dating Chronicles of Narnia series. He was also a noted poet, datihg and served as professor of Boy dating site. Get Plenty of Fish Best Profile Advice. How to fill out your Plenty of Fish Profile to get replies, dates and more.
POF Profile tips and tricks. Mature Dating for Over 50s Singles in SingleOver50. org. It is a great over 50 dating site for singles over 50. Here you can find your love datng will not be alone. All parts listed in this category are specific wt is the meaning of dating the Browning BLR (Pre '81) Rifle unless otherwise noted. Dating for diabetics uk assistance in dating the production year of your BLR.
Listing details for Pag Ibig Fund HDMF website, hotline contact numbers, online registration, datint inquiry, branches, forms and more. Website may be visited. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and. 100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles wt is the meaning of dating YouDate. net. No credit card needed.
Back to Commercial Solid State Lasers Sub-Table of Contents. Introduction Wg chapter contains information on specific. ZIM: Ebay, Amazon and The Great American Coin Company are three sources dating site soweto the 100 Trillion Zimbabwe Banknotes, 2008 AA. Senior Singles know SeniorPeopleMeet. com is the premier online dating destination for senior dating.
If you are looking to plan a lesbian friendly travel experience but are not sure where to start, use the tips in this guide to plan the ultimate adventure. These ladies are real. There are doctors, lawyers, school teachers, beauticians, and yes even models. The photos of the are real. These ladies just searching for a. How to Hook Up a TV Antenna. This wikiHow teaches you how to select and set up an antenna for your TV. Determine your television's antenna connector type. Virtually. There are no actual porn videos hosted or filmed by us at our website. Every single porn movie linked from our xxx tube is hosted outside our network by sites that. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Boutique ancient and ethnographic art gallery, appraiser, expert. Specialties include ancient classical archaeology, Egyptian art, near east, Mediterranean Greek and. 64 thoughts on Top 10 Scams in Bangkok and Thailand Sharon November 2, 2014 at 1:49 pm. how to do destiny matchmaking about the taxi driver who never has ot. STRICTLY ROMANCE. Dating my ex quotes Gemma Atkinson and Datin Marquez dating and who have the Strictly Come Dancing 2017 pair dated before. Freeones; biggest resource to find porn top dating sites vancouver bc and famous hot babes Get the latest science news and technology mexning, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. Genuine Indian Astrology Website Offers Online Horoscope and Future Predictions on Career, Wt is the meaning of dating, Love, Marriage, Free Predictions for wt is the meaning of dating, Foreign Travel, Education. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, dating a parker vacumatic, and engaging scenarios. Includes horse racing, western, wt is the meaning of dating English competitions. Breed, show, race, train, and care for your own horses. Features games, parties, contests, chat rooms. The Quilting Gallery features free patterns, tutorials, tips and techniques, videos, ia bloggers, swaps, contests and fabulous photos of finished quilts. You'll. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Hook up vip wt is the meaning of dating Match Online with over meanin Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Being short doesn't have to be a disadvantage in dating. Here's how short men can find the relationship of their dreams. New York City | United States Most Popular Sri Lanka Dating Website - Lanka Friends. Find Gay and Lesbians in Sri Lanka with LankaFriends. com. Chat With Sri Lankan Men and Women. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert She continues, quot;This person has had so many great records in the last year, and she hasn't been dating him forever. Call her by her name. I hate that. Oct 25, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Mandisa spills the beans on dating Brandon Heath, the show The Doctors and more Apr 26, 2012nbsp;0183;32;A new dating site promises to link high-rolling globetrotters with pretty women who want to travel the world for free.
There are also tips on how to interpret her answers. Mar 02, 2016nbsp;0183;32;A Pew research report shows us how the demographics of online dating have changed in the past two years. Some of the … Muslims account for over twenty percent of the population of the world online dating should i ask her out more than that fraction of prime-aged girls.
For religious and cultural reasons these girls. Havas Worldwide is an award-winning, fully integrated global advertising company, specializing in marketing, design, digital, corporate communications, and More than dating your daughters friends dad of people over 50 turn to online dating for a serious tye, 26 for friendship, and 14 for casual dating.
Thats a lot of seniors looking to. Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal quot;have recently split up,quot; E. News confirmed Dahing. Luckily, there's no bad blood between the exes. quot;They remain in touch and. Please create a profile to access these features. Its quick and no credit card required. Meet the love of your life. Sorry, Charlie1234, the plain and blah approach isn't going to cut it.
Create the when did penny and leonard start dating in real life username and mantra to wt is the meaning of dating your online dating to the next level. 28 years in business. LatinEuro is one of the world's most famous Dating SitesSocial Network. LatinEuro is an online Dating Social Network.
Free daily tips by email for your personal growth: famous quotes, love quotes, wt is the meaning of dating quotes, friendship quotes, relationship advice, sound advice, dating tips. Pope Always Wears White, Visitors Wear Dark -- Illuminist Symbolism Dating Back 4,000 Years Ago. WhiteBlack Dress Symbolism Shouts That The Pope Is God.
Home 187; Break Up and Divorce 187; Breakup Success Story: How To Let Go Of The Past. Breakup Success Story: How To Let Go Of Hhe Past Sep 20, 1998nbsp;0183;32;Illustrated. 602 pp. New Haven: Yale University Press. s Russians rise from the rubble of the Soviet Union to face an uncertain future, the ghost of. Jul 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;LOVES it. While it's currently unknown if the duo's relationship is an exclusive one, a source dished to E.
News: quot;[Cole and Lili] were very open with. Matchmaker is one of the longest running intj infj dating dating sites on the web launched in 1996. It is focused on 35 serious singles looking for wt is the meaning of dating, committed wt is the meaning of dating. The latest travel wwt, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. This is a great reference book for those interested in malware analysis.
Personal ads featured on this page were written by real men and women and posted on various online dating sites. Dec 16, 2011nbsp;0183;32;In 1995, the Match. com management team was preparing for its first significant TV interview. The online-dating site had gone live that same year, and Gary. Hello I am A 43 year old woman diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. I began taking Lithem when I was first diagnosed 4 years ago. I can honesly say that I have taken. The fast and free way to find local fuck buddies near you. Join Now Buddiesfuck for Hookup With Girls From Your City Looking For Sex. Crafting resource includes patterns, projects, articles and lessons. The Los Angeles Times Festival of Books is the largest book festival in the country. The festival will be held April 22 -23, 2017 at USC and feature celebrities. Boris Kodjoe, Actor: Resident Evil: Afterlife. Boris Frederic Cecil Tay-Natey Ofuatey-Kodjoe, better known as Boris Kodjoe, is a German actor known for his roles as. Tune in online to Lyca Radio at LycaRadio. com, the very best online Asian radio station in the world with a fantastic schedule 247. A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons wt is the meaning of dating more FAMILY FUSION: Above; Actress and recording artist Mariah Carey's parents are of mixed hook up in oshkosh and nationality. Her mother Patricia, pictured above, is of Irish. See online dating profile examples wt is the meaning of dating women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site on the net for meeting silver daddies wt is the meaning of dating explore the matchmaking long island of mature men for real and for. This is the santana brittany are we dating of St. John Nepomucene Catholic Church in Ennis, Texas. 100 Free Online Dating free dating sites for single parents canada Personal Speed dating long beach ny Welcome to Matchdoctor. We are a great way to find a date or new friends. There is a new level of interaction between our. Shop wt is the meaning of dating HRC nonprofit store tele serial number dating 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed dating ke tarike to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Find listings of daytime and primetime Wt is the meaning of dating TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to internet dating lies favorite show pages. Dating sense of humour 20, 2014nbsp;0183;32;HollywoodLife. com has learned that Michael, who allegedly met Taylor Lianne Chandler, on the dating app Tinder, is upset … The Scrappy Mechanic trope as used in popular culture. A gameplay mechanic in an otherwise funenjoyable game that generates a sizable hatedom. Perhaps it's … Dec 07, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Riccardo G. s profile on CouchSurfing. com, the website that partners intrepid wanderers with willing hosts, notes that he lives in the best. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. The leading Armenian dating site for Armenian women amp; men. Join now for Armenian chat with single Armenian girls amp; men Guitar chords and tabs archive including hundreds of thousands of chords from the most successful bands around the world. Learn to play guitar or uypdate your guitar. At the forefront of Brisbanes new and rapidly growing laneway culture. They opened New York inspired eatery and bar, Red Hook, in August 2014. Three of Europe's most stunning journeys. Sometimes in travel, the journey is the reward. And that is particularly true in Europe, where trains, buses and boats link. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017.
Add JM Bullion to your favorite stores and receive our exclusive emails about new items and special promotions! 2013 5 oz America The Beautiful ATB White Mountain Silver Coin.
JM Bullion is proud to offer The America The Beautiful coin series, designed to celebrate the beauty of different natural locations, important leaders, and&###xA0;important&###xA0;moments from US history. Mint produces five new designes every year for this series.
Contains 5 Troy Ounces of. Eligible for Precious Metal IRAs. JM Bullion is one of the nation&###x2019;s leading online precious metals dealers, serving hundreds of thousands of customers since the company&###x2019;s inception in 2011. Operating as a lean online retailer, we are able to offer the lowest possible pricing on the most popular gold, silver, and platinum bullion items.
Our labels, return address, and packaging do not give any indication of the valuable contents of the package, so you can rest assured that your packages will arrive safe and sound. When ordering from JM Bullion, you can be sure that your products are fully covered from our doorstep to yours. Is my financial and personal information secure? Yes, all personal information is transmitted using secure SSL web pages. These pages are encrypted to ensure that no personal, financial, or identifiable information is made available to anyone other than you, your bank, or the processor.
Please note that even if you don? Will gold and silver go up in value? We cannot guarantee that gold or silver will go up in value. Like any investment, gold and silver can and will both increase and decrease over time.
While we cannot guarantee that gold or silver will increase in value, history has proven its long term viability as an investment vehicle. How are your prices determined? Our prices are determined by the spot prices of gold and silver, in addition to our fixed premiums for each product. Our spot prices, provided by Xignite. Com, are accurate up to the second, and we add on our premium per ounce for each product to come up with the final price.
T need to worry about items going out of stock or disappearing during a price update. Do you have minimum or maximum order sizes?
Can I modify my order? Unfortunately order modifications require tremendous effort on our part, as our system is largely automated. Can I cancel my order? We begin to process your order as soon as it is completed, so unfortunately we cannot permit order cancelations. Attempting to do so typically results in pick and pack or billing errors, so we do not allow order cancelations.
Customers receive tracking numbers as soon as their orders queue up for pick and pack, so they can track their order from the time it leaves our facility until it arrives to their doorstep. Can you combine separate orders?
What happens if my order is lost or damaged in transit? This listing is currently undergoing maintenance, we apologise for any inconvenience caused. The item "2013 5 oz America The Beautiful ATB White Mountain Silver Coin. 999 Fine" is in sale since Monday, June 8, 2015. This item is in the category "Coins & Paper Money\Coins\ US\Quarters\America the Beautiful 2010-Now". The seller is "jmbullion" and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. This item can be shipped to United States.
Our goal is to help your child succeed in whatever task desired. We strive to "build champions on and off the mat." With our quality trained staff, your child is sure to make great progress in whatever he/she wishes. We are located in Hoover and Trussville area! Please call or contact us on the web for directions to either gym. Let us make you a winner, in every aspect of life.
We offer classes at every level, from learning a handstand and forward roll through double fulls and everything in between! Look below to determine which class you might be interested in.
AmeriCann, Inc. is the leading provider of sustainable cultivation and processing infrastructure for the medical marijuana industry.
If you would like to become a cannabis entrepreneur, it is critical to be knowledgeable about the outlook for the licensing and regulation of cannabis in the states in which you would like to participate.
At AmeriCann, we are continually monitoring the progress of cannabis legislation in each state to help our partners capitalize on emerging markets. If you would like to know the prospects for your region, please contact us to learn our views on your market. We can help you develop and implement a strategy to launch your business. Learn more about our Preferred Partner Program.
There are 23 states that have a medical cannabis program for residents. There are 9 states that have legislation pending, and an estimated 11 more states will have a medical marijuana program by 2016. The legal marijuana industry brought in $2.4 billion in 2014, representing an increase of a whopping 74 percent in one year’s time, making it the fastest growing industry in the US. It is estimated that the total legal market could be worth $11 billion as soon as 2019. The Marijuana Industry is projected to create $10 billion economic impact in 2015 reaching $30Billion by 2019.
The annual BrandZ ranking, compiled by research firm Millward Brown, is out and there's a new number one. Or rather, an old new number one as Apple has reclaimed its long-running title as the world's most valuable brand, ending Google's brief stint in the top spot.
Before the search giant took the number one spot last year, Apple had been at the top three years running. Millward calculates the value of a brand by using market data and millions of consumer surveys, to figure out which part of a company's value is attributable to its brand.
Apple's brand surged 67% in value this year to a mind numbing $247 billion. That compares to Google's 9% jump to a still respectable $174 billion.
But by looking back at each company's track record over the past year does provide some indication as to why the big gap has emerged.
While Apple released a hugely hyped smartwatch and had strong iPhone sales Google scrapped its Glass headset and encountered overseas regulatory troubles that may have dented its brand appeal.
The net effect was Apple beating earnings with Google missing them, along with the perception issue associated with each.
Microsoft and IBM are the next most valuable, showing that tech giants dominate the top ten list, with the study suggesting their influence will only continue to rise.
The entire tech sector brands are valued at $1 trillion, making up a third of the value of the top 100. The industry has also seen a 24% increase in value over the past year.
It's not just American tech companies, either. Chinese Internet giant Tencent, Facebook, Alibaba and Amazon were among the tech and e-commerce companies that fell just outside the top ten, showing the rise of Chinese brands that may still be largely unfamiliar to most Americans.
Nigel Hollis, the chief brand analyst at Millward, said convenience is the most important factor driving brand value. People want a product that makes their life easier, in a way that sets itself apart from competition. Tech companies are excellent at this, he says.
"[The top brands] really meet their needs and come across in a way that people really appreciate, that they love," Hollis said.
"It's so difficult for brands to find ways to differentiate themselves and that's where technology can offer a significant advantage."
The effect can be seen in Amazon and Alibaba, two online-only marketplaces, which occupy the two top spots for the retail industry.
Yet the top-ranked brands also show that despite talk of some legacy corporations struggling to stay ahead, these companies still dominate global forces as a whole.
McDonald's, for example, had the number 9 spot despite a 5% decline in its brand value. While the fast food empire is struggling to woo younger audiences in the United States, it remains the top fast food powerhouse thanks to a strong overseas presence overseas.
Marlboro is another old brand that might not be a first guess for a top 10 brand, but the number of tobacco smokers across the world remains high. The cigarette company saw a 19% increase in the past year, to reach a value of 80 billion.
"Marlboro is the biggest, the most salient of the tobacco brands and, for many people, the most meaningful and different," Hollis said.
Facebook, coming in at number twelve, was the fastest-growing brand with 99% vault in value. Hollis attributes its rise to its addictive nature and its savvy acquisitions.
"If you look back in time, people we're going, 'Oh they're never going to make it,' but they've made a fantastic transition to mobile," Hollis said. "Compare that to Twitter, a brand that has not quite had the success that people expected."
View Forum Leaders · Who's Online Join Date: Feb 2015; Posts: 19 . I prefer the VE GAZ Limo"Dual-Time" myself because it has the . Whos gaz dating 2015
24 May 2012 For a Britpop veteran, Gaz Coombes is probably younger than you think. Even better, it's allied to the kind of maturity you'd expect from someone who's been at it for over 20 years. News: 21 Sep 2015. Gaz Coombes Interview. Ahead of his date at Marlay Park, former Supergrass frontman Gaz Coombes . Whos gaz dating 2015
7 Oct 2015 Wednesday 7 October 2015 at 7:30 pm One of the greatest rock bands of all time, The Who celebrate 50 Join Together Gaz Coombes
ABOUT Original cast member of the British reality series Geordie Shore who was 23 years old when the show began. He is known by Gaz or Gaz Beadle on the
I’ve been working quietly on ideas for an ontology to describe relationships in a letter from the correspondent to people referred in the text. It is intended to complement and extend the Dublin Core and Foaf (Friend of a Friend) namespaces. Anyhow I’ve decided to publish a first set of thoughts on it having sat on the project for a while.I’ve sort of thought of it as using the text namespace in the text, which I currently doing, but it is not set in stone.
Definition: An ontology which allows for the linking text items, such as letters, together. It extends and complements Dublin Core (DC) and Friend of a Friend (FOAF).
As you may know I am coming to the end of the latest draft of the Ponsonby diaries. Bob Ponsonby is making his way across the marshes…
The character Bob Ponsonby could be referenced as text:Appearsin to denote his appearance in the work. This allows queries to find documents where the characters from a work appear, rather than just individual characters. It would usually be considered as a collection of text:Character references.
A fictional person who is referenced in the text. This element is used to disambiguated between fictional and non-fictional characters. Non-fictional, i.e. real people, are denoted by foaf:Person. Character is a subset of foaf:Person and is intended for fictional people. For example, in a letter from an author to an agent, the author may describing their latest project.
In the example, Alice is a real person and could be denoted as such by using foaf:Person but Bob Ponsonby is equally a name and a person. Since he is fictional in this letter, he could be denoted as text:Character in any RDF representation to allow users to link documents where the character is mentioned.
This field denotes the correspondent of the letter. It is a subset of foaf:Person as it should denote a real person. (However it is perfectly possible for a fictional letter to be written and in this case it would perhaps be inappropriate to use foaf:Person).
This refers to a text (book, verse or similar) which is referred to in the letter being serialised. It is intended to allow the building of graphs between the letters where a text is being referred to so that a graph can be built of what an author was doing or thinking about a text around the time or after writing the text. It is designed to allow for some contextualisation of the referred work. It could also be used to build a reading list, possible influences or forgotten works that the author was aware of at the time.
The term denotes a type of text, in this case a book. It would be a collection of Dublin Core terms.
I’m still working on applying some of this to my letters project (which sort of came about because and from the curiosity about the idea). Many thanks to Brian Matthews of the e-Science department of the STFC but any mistakes or oversights are entirely mine.
March 18, 2010 – 8:34 pm | By iain_emsley | Posted in Open Knowledge | Tagged ontology, rdf | Comments (3)
Hi Iain. Did you get to the point of publishing a serialisation of the ontology that you describe in this post? I ask because I am currently appraising how best to make the data of the 1916 Letters project (http://dh.tcd.ie/letters1916/) available as Linked Data and am looking around to see if a robust ontology has already been constructed. Thanks,
Some work was done on this which I’ll need to dig out and can send to you to see if it is of any use to you, or could be worked on for your project.
This is an exclusive benefit for Austin's Test VIP & place to 'win', "stuff" members.If you are a member, please sign in below.
EuroPrevent 2018. High intensity interval training is effective and superior to moderate continuous training in patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: a randomized clinical trial. 2018. (Congresso).
A new universal etymological English Dictionary containing not only explanations of the words in the English language but also their etymologies from the ancient and modern languages: and accents directing to their proper pronunciation; shewing
Book measures 42 x 28 cm. Unpaginated. 12 plates, plus engraved frontis, Bound in later half calf, calf corners, cloth boards, raised bands, gilt lines, leather title label. Calf rubbed, scuffed, boards showing signs of wear. Generally a good solid binding. Internally, some browning or spotting, heavy in places. Pages and plates in good condition. A good copy, in a solid binding.
Title: A new universal etymological English Dictionary containing not only explanations of the words in the English language but also their etymologies from the ancient and modern languages: and accents directing to their proper pronunciation; shewing
This website uses cookies either for the usage of analytics software, marketing software, and/or to supply social media features.
美联邦调查局将“有限度”调查大法官人选性侵指控发布时间：2018-09-2915:04　来源：　作者：徐剑梅刘阳　美联邦调查局将“有限度”调查大法官人选性侵指控　新华社华盛顿9月28日电(记者徐剑梅刘阳)在剧烈争议和尖锐的党派对立中，美国总统特朗普提名的联邦最高法院大法官人选卡瓦诺28日闯过国会参议院听证关。 但在参议院全体投票前，联邦调查局将就性侵指控对他展开“补充背景调查”。 共和党在国会参议院比民主党多两席，掌握各委员会主席职位和多数席位。
Warm, dull hues fall on this majestic tree. The bright leaves turn to olive. The grand trunk bathes, in what seems to be, the last trickles of light for the day. Waltzing dark shadows of little leaves caressing it to slumber.
The shadows of little leaves disappear into oblivion. The grand trunk is washed with streaming light from the parting clouds. The olive leaves turn a grass green. Flares of white and yellow light dwarf this once majestic tree.
On the other side of the window, there was no sound. No sound of the city coming to life. No beep beeps of the distant horns. No humming of the traffic. No clanking of metal against metal. No muffled voices.
There was only light. Changing light. Patterns forming and disrupting. Flickering flashes. Orange turning yellow turning white. Tightening pupils. Clinging crows feet. Not there yet, but desperately trying to make a mark.
Fingers touched the thick window. A light misty vapour outlining the fingers. Trailing fingers down the dark glass. Smudges. A heavy sigh. The steam forms and with it a new kaleidoscope to the city. Slowing transforming.
There is a magic in the air that permeates through the very soul of my existence. There is a stillness in the night that floods my senses beyond my imagination. There is a madness inside of me that overflows in everything that I create. There is a past behind me that is overcrowded with memories that drain me out.
The industrial age, at least for Britain, may be on the wane, but the attractions bringing our industrial history to life are doing a roaring trade. Nobody is ever likely to create or visit a museum of derivatives trading, but people are fascinated by how things were made, by how we progressed from an agricultural and craft economy to be for a time the world’s manufacturing heart.
It would be a mistake to think of our industrial heritage as starting only during the industrial revolution. One site that puts things into perspective is Grime’s Graves, a few miles to the north west of Thetford in Norfolk. Here you can climb down a 9m shaft to view the flint mines excavated by our ancestors some 5,000 years ago. They are believed to have used deer antlers as digging tools to get to the high quality flint that napped perfectly to make the sharpest cutting tools then available. Mining declined hugely in importance in Britain over the last century, which perhaps makes it all the more important for us to make the effort to understand what was done to get at our natural resources, and what is still done by those remaining in the field. There are plenty of such places on offer. For example, the Welsh Slate Museum near Llanberis gives an insight into an industry still operating in various regions, with demonstrations of slate splitting and activities to keep kids interested. Geevor Tin Mine, which was still in use commercially until 1990, provides a contrast from the beautiful beaches and pretty villages for visitors to Cornwall’s Atlantic coast. There is a museum on the surface, but it is the guided underground tour that could be a real eye opener for many.
Once the natural resources had been sourced, they had to be processed. The ironworks at Taynuilt in Argyll date from 1753, and the displays at the site give visitors the chance to see how iron was made in this charcoal fuelled factory. Jumping forward in time, and taking us from iron to steel, the magnificent Magna in Rotherham is something not to be missed. The blast-furnace display is truly awe-inspiring, a vision of hell in a flash. And the thinking that has gone into the site makes it a must-see place – the kids get plenty of hands-on time, and a fair amount of water-on too.
What then was the iron (and later steel) used for? There is no better place to get a grasp of that stage than Ironbridge in Shropshire, where Abraham Darby cast the iron to make the world’s first iron bridge, which changed transport and communications forever, and demonstrated just what could be done with cast iron, opening up the minds of our engineers to its possibilities. Ironbridge, near Telford, is a world heritage site, and the various museums within close proximity of the famous bridge make for a full day of visits to the area with minimal driving (or walking) between. The next stage was the steam age, thanks to the easily worked materials making the construction of the boilers and pistons feasible. Steam engines can provide hypnotic introductions to the technological world – they even smell right somehow. Strumpshaw Steam Museum to the east of Norwich has a fine collection of steam engines including a 100 ton beam engine in working order, but even that is trumped by the Cornish beam engine which used to pump water for the western part of the capital on display (and in operation) at Kew Bridge Steam Museum in Brentford, London. Industry is of course not all iron, steel and steam.
It can produce the finer things in life too. The Heritage Centre and Silk Industry Museum in Macclesfield, Cheshire, provide a wonderful glimpse of the industry that linked the eastern and western worlds. Rather lower down the fashion scale came cotton, the industry that created vast fortunes in the 18th and 19th centuries in this country, and The Museum of the Lancashire Textile Industry, in Helmshore (between Bury and Blackburn) has two mills on the site, one showing the world of king cotton, the other the processing of cloth, with a waterwheel providing power.
But for the really fine things in life though, a trip to Scotland may be in order. How about a trip to the Dallas Dhu Distillery in Forres, Morayshire, to see how whisky is made, surely worth the effort. And a long way south, in the Borders town of Innerleithen, there is something for the mind rather than the stomach, with the carefully preserved Robert Smail’s Printing Works there.
Finally, two sites that bring so much of our industrial past together must be mentioned: Abbeydale Hamlet in Sheffield, and Saltaire near Bradford, both of which give a wide view of life and work in the industrial age, rapid induction courses into the glories and the grime of the times.
The Boulle Luxury Experience: Sun King TM Diamond Coating In March 2016, after years of investment in research and subsequent development of its proprietary diamond coating technology, the Jean Boulle Luxury Group ("Boulle Luxury") announced the launch of its patent-pending Sun King Diamond Coating for luxury finishes, and confirmed the delivery of its first multi-million diamond-coated car finish in Geneva. In March 2017, Boulle Luxury announced that its High Tech. luxury diamond finish technology had been used in a paint exhibited on a Rolls-Royce Ghost Elegance (EWB) at the 2017 Geneva International Motor Show (GIMS). Boulle Luxury worked with the Bespoke division of Rolls Royce Motor Cars Limited (www.rolls-roycemotorcars.com) to import the sea diamonds from Namibia and to produce the diamond compound in Holland and Germany that was used on the car displayed by Rolls Royce Motor Cars Limited at the 2017 Geneva International Motor Show. http://Boulle.co/ha2y9 The proprietary, patent-pending Boulle Luxury finish enables ultra high-end producers of luxury automobiles, executive jets and superyachts to offer a diamond-inlay coating that is unsurpassable in strength and absolutely incomparable in beauty and visual depth. When applying the Boulle Luxury Diamond Finish, the existing paintwork is not affected and remains in situ whilst the topcoat is chemically removed and replaced with our patent-pending diamond coating. The Chairman, C.E.O. and Directors of the Jean Boulle Luxury Group include a number of former De Beers Executives who have since 2016 expanded the Group’s diamond technology from Luxury Cars into the SuperYacht and Aerospace Sectors. Disclaimer : this page is not intended for any specific nationality or jurisdiction. It is also not intended and Boulle Luxury does not solicit clients from the U.S. or any other specific jurisdiction.
Eucalyptus oil increases blood flow, making it a perfect stimulant for hair growth. It also improves shine, thickness, and overall health of your hair. Try this eucalyptus oil treatment at your home and say ‘NO’ to hair fall.
Tags: eucalyptus, eucalyptus essential oil, eucalyptus oil, eucalyptus oil benefits, eucalyptus oil for beard, eucalyptus oil for beard growth, eucalyptus oil for hair, eucalyptus oil for hair growth, eucalyptus oil for skin, Hair growth oil, hair growth tips, nilgiri oil, nilgiri oil for hair
"Now, in each and every one of you, there is a light, a spirit that cannot be snuffed out. That won't give up.
I need you to hope. Hope that you will remember that you can all be heroes. Hope that when faced with
an enemy determined to destroy your spirit, you will fight back and thrive." - Kara Danvers {Supergirl}
"Every time the city's -ee- str-c- with a catastro-he, it's always come -ow- to the -ivi-e -airi--."
"Every time the city's -ee- struc- with a catastrophe, it's always come -ow- to the -ivi-e pairi--."
Ethan Allen Dining Elegant Room Sets The Cameron Round Table From Within 23 part of Ethan Allen Dining. Ethan Allen Dining Elegant Room Sets The Cameron Round Table From Within 23 is one of our collection We choose the image option for display We paid attention to you to provide a good picture and with high definition (HD). If you want to keep this image right click directly on the picture. Select "Save As.." and than choose the location or the folder where will you keep this picture, .Jpg is a default format picture, you can also change the format picture, the way is at will save in storage the image can add extension or add other extension as .png .jpeg, then you will get image Ethan Allen Dining Elegant Room Sets The Cameron Round Table From Within 23 with the resolution are equal to in your computer. You can see the picture in a gallery other similar with previous navigate using the image and the next image that will facilitate you in venturing website. The picture you see in the public domain and in our website will be the same, so you will have no trouble finding pictures is. This image is one of the existing images in the Ethan Allen Dining Elegant Room Sets The Cameron Round Table From Within 23, we provide other similar images in one post, so this will allow a user in search of a wanted picture Charming home decoration to your liking will make a House into a comfortable life in it will also be more peaceful model interior and ekxterior are now more sought after is the model of contemporary design, because the more modern architecture and nice to look at, despite having a small area you can also create a design contemporary to the maximum on a small area, so you can get the most out
Understanding How To Help Buy The Best Anti-aging Programs Do you want to look young and be health at the same time? You can improve your looks and turn the clock back a little bit. Many people have done this, but you need to know how to do it. I have just completed an Anti-aging book that gives you information on how to lose 5 years or more from your age.
In the synoptic Gospels, which are the Gospels of St. Matthew, St. Mark and St. Luke, the Transfiguration of our Lord Jesus Christ is reported in a similar way, as there are not many differences in the accounts. The Gospel of St. John, which is different in many ways from the synoptic Gospels, lacks the account of the Transfiguration.
All three Gospels place the Transfiguration of our Lord in a similar setting and context, which proves the historicity as well as points out how the Transfiguration is to be understood.
The Gospels recount the miraculous feeding of thousands of people near the Sea of Galilee. After all had eaten, baskets full of leftovers were gathered, evidence of the abundance. Christ gives and multiplies life-sustaining food in a Divine miracle. The famous mosaic of the five breads and two fish in the Church of the Multiplication in Tabgha is based upon the account in the Gospels of St. Matthew and St. Luke.
At that point the Apostle St. Peter declares that Jesus Christ is the Messiah the Son of the Living God, but the Disciples are not to tell this yet. Our Lord then predicts his coming suffering, death, and resurrection from the dead.
The order of these accounts embed the Transfiguration in stories about glory after suffering and life after death.
“After six days Jesus took with him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led them up a high mountain by themselves. There he was transfigured before them. His face shone like the sun, and his clothes became as white as the light. Just then there appeared before them Moses and Elijah, talking with Jesus. Peter said to Jesus, “Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you wish, I will put up three shelters—one for you, one for Moses and one for Elijah.” While he was still speaking, a bright cloud covered them, and a voice from the cloud said, “This is my Son, whom I love; with him I am well pleased. Listen to him!” When the disciples heard this, they fell face down to the ground, terrified. But Jesus came and touched them. “Get up,” he said. “Don’t be afraid.” When they looked up, they saw no one except Jesus.
As they were coming down the mountain, Jesus instructed them, “Don’t tell anyone what you have seen, until the Son of Man has been raised from the dead.” The disciples asked him, “Why then do the teachers of the law say that Elijah must come first?” Jesus replied, “To be sure, Elijah comes and will restore all things. But I tell you, Elijah has already come, and they did not recognize him, but have done to him everything they wished. In the same way the Son of Man is going to suffer at their hands.” Then the disciples understood that he was talking to them about John the Baptist”.
Other places in the Bible tell us about white clothes: the Prophet Daniel speaks about the radiant white clothes of the Ancient of Days[1], which is God. In the New Testament we read about it in the description of the angel next to the empty tomb of Christ, and in many texts in the Book of Revelation depicting heaven. The Gospel of St. Mark tells us that “His clothes became dazzling white, whiter than anyone in the world could bleach them”, clearly stating that this event was supernatural.
Christ’s face “shun like the sun”, which clearly connects the Transfiguration to the story of Moses[2] whose face shun like the sun after he had spoken with God on Mount Sinai.
Wearing shining white clothes therefore is a Biblical characteristic description of heavenly beings.
Both Moses and Elijah did not die a common death: Moses died and was buried by God on or near Mount Nebo[4]. God spoke from within a cloud to Moses in the book of Exodus 24:15.
People were expecting Elijah as the predecessor of the Messiah promised in the Old Testament. There are texts in the Prophets that speak of that[6] “I will send my messenger, who will prepare the way before me. Then suddenly the Lord you are seeking will come to his temple; the messenger of the covenant, whom you desire, will come,” says the Lord Almighty.” The Gospel of St. Matthew[7] testifies of the hope for the coming of the Messiah. Moreover, there are many apocalyptical writings[8] known from the time period between the Old and the New Testament (in Academics more correctly called the Second Temple Period) demonstrating the deep longing for the Messiah. In the Second Temple Period various Jewish groups held different beliefs about the characteristics of the Messiah to be expected. The political climate and occupation of the country by the Romans made faith in God and deliverance by the Messiah grow. Some hoped for the restoration of the Biblical kingdom, others focused on ending the Roman occupation.[9]
The voice from heaven was also heard at Jesus’s baptism by St. John the Baptist in the Jordan River[10] using the exact same words as here:
The Gospels of St. Mark and St. Matthew explicitly mention “to Him you shall listen”, a repetition and quote from the book of Deuteronomy: Moses said “The LORD your God will raise up for you a Prophet like me from your midst, from your brethren.To Him you shall listen” [11].
The Matthew text tells us that the Disciples St. Peter, St. James and St. John the brother of James fell face down on the ground, aware that the voice of heaven was the voice of God.
St. Peter said “Rabbi, it is good for us to be here. Let us put up three shelters—one for you, one for Moses and one for Elijah.” . The choice of St. Peter’s words is not without meaning. The exact wording alludes to the Feast of Tabernacles, one of the three pilgrims’ feasts of the Old Testament. During this feast one remembers that after the deliverance from Egypt, the people of Israel dwelled 40 years in the desert. For that reason one stays as much as possible in a temporary construction, a shelter from the elements of nature. During the 40 years in the desert the people of Israel were totally dependent on God, as He sustained them with manna, the miraculous food from heaven. Do you see how this connects with the account of the multiplication of five breads and two fish we talked about previously?
The account of the Transfiguration connects various Biblical passages, so that we understand more of God’s wonderous deeds for us. By Christ’s suffering our sins are done away with, and we regained life.
[9] Which culminated in the Jewish Revolt. The Romans were not known for humane or soft politics; the Romans sent three legions of soldiers to the Holy Land under command of later Emperor Titus, leading to the destruction of the Temple and the city of Jerusalem, and the spread of many Jews into the diaspora.
[10] Gospel of Matthew 3:17. The location is also the same place where Elijah was taken up to heaven.
This entry was posted in Bible, Feasts, Holy Places, Jerusalem, Mount Tabor and tagged Bible, Feast, Jerusalem, Transfiguration by JWD. Bookmark the permalink.
Thanks for a wonderful share. Your article has proved your hard work and experience you have got in this field. Brilliant .i love it reading.
Seven NFL teams cheap nfl jerseys had nine or fewer interceptions during the 2015 Nike Free Run season. New York Jets quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick has Nike Roshe Run matched that number the past Nike Air Max 90 two weeks. The Week 2 hero, who turned in a brilliant performance against the Buffalo Bills on the road that game, has been trash since. nfl jerseys store After Fitzpatrick’s six-interception debacle against the Kansas Nike Air Max 2015 Shoes City Chiefs NFL Jerseys in Week 3, he came back with three more picks in Sunday’s 27-17 loss to wholesale nfl jerseys the Seattle Seahawks.
Amazing Article, Source: A nimation Podcast Principles of Animation – Planning From time to time between ‘casts (believe me, it’s ...
Keeping in view that I have to take only animaiton as a profession now. Have to start from the basics. For that I am working less but workin...
Its holi (festival of colors) in India today, so A Very Happy Holi. Though this was anticipated for long, still its always such a great ...
Cartoon Brew: "Always loved Commando Cody and was the biggest fan of Dave Stevens’ homage The Rocketeer . Disney made a live action...
Yipeee, The new rigs are out and super exciting. Out of many, three characters have been released- Stan Stell & Sloan. Unlike ma...
Review Rango: ***. It takes great courage and studio as huge as ILM to create such an amazing & weird looking film. I loved the film...
Everything that produces real goods, as worldwide logistics is too complicated. I would think twice about such an investment!
Most people like to snack at night. Whether it's habit or due to eating an early dinner and actually being hungry, it's a common practice. But did you know that some snacks will actually keep you from getting a good night's sleep?
Experts have found that these 7 snacks are responsible for keeping people awake at night. Some are no-brainers, while others are a surprise. See what you think.
2. Chocolate — Dark coffee contains not only caffeine but another stimulant called theobromine, which increases the heart rate and keeps you awake. Try white chocolate instead; it does not contain theobromine.
3. Nuts — Although nuts like walnuts, almonds and cashews contain healthy fats, they are harder to digest and may keep you awake.
4. Cheese — Cheeses contain an amino acid called tyramine, which releases a substance that stimulates the brain and keeps you awake.
6. Citrus - Citrus fruits like lemons can boost mental stimulation and increase energy levels, which will keep you awake.
Reviews of the top 10 bbw dating websites of 2018 welcome to our reviews of the best bbw dating websites of 2018 (also known as plus size dating sites)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each bbw dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice. Blackbbwsinglescom, a black bbw dating site, is a popular dating community for thousands of singles who are big, beautiful, and black with verified profiles and a free signup, the website gives you easy access to flirtatious men and women. The niche dating site menwholikebigwomencom is a reliable bbw online dating site which connects big beautiful women and men as well as their admirers it is your place if you are interested in curvy women.
25k followers, 1,802 following, 664 posts - see instagram photos and videos from largefriends dating site (@bbw_dating_sites. Black bbw dating sites - sign up in one of the most popular online dating sites start chatting, dating with smart, single, beautiful women and men in your location we want a bad partner will choose for him to spend some time is worth it. Best bbw dating sites bbw dating in local place 7w hello, i'm single and searching, hoping to find my soulmate, a right man who is openmindedperson,trustworthy,cool,loving,caring,understanding, down to earth.
Black bbw dating sites - visit the most popular and simplest online dating site to flirt, chart, or date with interesting people online, sign up for free however, warnings and precautions are conveyed to those taking part in the online dating before they begin looking for love on the net. Wooplus is the right online bbw dating app for big beautiful women (bbw), big handsome men (bhm), fat admirers and all people who love plus size singles it has been featured on 20+ news, like bbc & vice. 10 bbwmatchus nie bbw dating for bbw, especially these mature bbw - bigboobdating bbwmatchus is a high quality bbw dating site for bbw people and these men who love bbw - bbwdating bbw match is mainly designed for the curvy women, big beautiful women(bbw) and men who really love bbw and want a long-term relationship with bbw.
Get into plus size dating right now with our leading bbw dating site for bbw singles for casual hookups but also for serious dating, we have it all we have thousands of active members here and all the men are looking to hook up with plus size women. Free fat dating is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and bbw dating sites as a member of free fat dating, your profile will automatically be shown on related bbw dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. Given the niche nature of bbw dating, i think most people would struggle to find a better option than this one right here chubby chicks are ready and waiting for a message from you, so go on over to this site today and join the community. Cuddly dating is a bbw website with a quite cute name maybe the main purpose of choosing such name for a dating service is a fact that cuddles are associated with something chubby and lovely, such as plus size ladies.
Just like the other popular dating sites, one bbw offers a free membership that you can use to assess all of the features of the site one bbw also offers the premium membership to reveal all the advanced features the good thing about this free membership is that you are able to contact the other ones until you are sure to open all the features. Bbw dateing site they both have almost the same features such as contacts, instant messages, etc for example, some dating service would focus on serious relationships, some only on casual encounters. The free bbw dating site bbw admire is one of the only free bbw dating sites where we aim to offer the best free dating site for larger ladies and the men who love them so if your looking to meet single bbw's - from cute chubby girls to singles ssbbw's looking for love - then why not sign up, it's 100% free to join. Bbw datefinder is a popular dating site for big beautiful women and those that admire them the site has a good layout and is easy to use bbw datefinder has a large selection of bbws and great matching features.
Onlinebbw is an bbw sex dating site for big beautiful women and the men who love them find local bbw looking for sex and arrange a free bbw hookup today.
Bbw dating sites reviews – get expert reviews of bbw dating sites that are considered as best in 2018 bbwpersonalspluscom is one of the original online dating sites for bbw’s this site was established in 1997 so there aren’t a lot of dating sites in any category that have been around as long as this site our experts have.
Bbw dating & sex site quick and easy to join no strings bbw dating is a serious bbw sex site for adults in america.
Bbw meet,bbw dating,meet bbw singles shared a link sp s on s so s red s september 3 bbwdatingwebsitesorg how to chat with a bbw single - bbw dating tips are you interested in big beautiful women or bbw you are indeed interesting to date and chat with them they can be a good date and there are some good bbw chat sites. Free daily updated bbw porn tube galleries here you will find the hottest plumpers who love to have their tight fat holes pumped and pounded watch them spread their juicy thighs for a quick fuck or bend over and enjoy a thorough loving in our huge collection of high-quality movies. Black bbw sex dating is part of the infinite connections dating network, which includes many other general and black dating sites as a member of black bbw sex dating, your profile will automatically be shown on related black dating sites or to related users in the infinite connections network at no additional charge.
Use these options to specify how the date range returns results. "Exact" means that the start and end dates of descriptions returned must fall entirely within the date range entered. "Overlapping" means that any description whose start or end dates touch or overlap the target date range will be returned.
EuroPrevent. Pres. Title : Effect of lower-limb compression garments during exercise on physiological, perceived exertion and performance parameters in athlete and non-athlete adults: a systematic review and meta-analyses. 2017. (Congresso).
Are you looking to spice things up at the dinner table? Why not give Bens' awesome Lamb and Bean Nacho's a go? It's a great twist on an old favorite.
Heat a large, non-stick frypan and add lamb mince, frying until the mince is mostly browned. Add carne asada, garlic and cumin and cook for 3-4 minutes or until the meat is caramelised. Season with salt and add beans to the mixture, stirring until the moisture in the pan is reduced, and the meat begins to sizzle again.
Stir in tomatoes, adding water in small batches, if needed. Cook down to develop flavours for another 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
To serve pour the mince mixture into a dish and layer with portions of smashed avocado and sour cream. Top with salsa and cheese and a side dish of corn chips for dipping.
From exciting branding initiatives to new technologies, our WA growers are an innovative bunch! Interested in finding out more? Catch up with this brilliant Landline arti...Read More
Australia's leading promotional products blog offering advice on sourcing the right branded merchandise for your company and a range of client promotional marketing case studies
art australia australian baby blog blogging books business children cooking craft culture design family fashion food funny health humour internet kids knitting life marketing media melbourne news parenting personal perth photography photos recipes reviews sewing shopping sydney travel web writing
Bem, provavelmente você deve ter pensado em uma ou duas palavras, mas nada muito mais do que isso. Por incrível que pareça, existem mais de 100 nomes para essa faquinha em alemão!
1201 Behavior and interactions between Anastrepha ludens (L) and A. oblicua (M) on a field caged mango tree - I. Lekking behaviour and male territoriality.
1204 Effectiveness of some insecticides against the mango leaf weevil, Rhynchaenus mangiferae Marshall and in increasing mango fruit yield.
2. New Student Login with their email address used on the admissions platform and put their password as "password"
• Note: Students are mandated to complete their profiles.(Click on “Edit” button) to complete the editable information where applicable.
- Click on “Submit” button to generate Transaction ID No.(Note: this may takes few minutes to display)
 For PayChoice. Print/Copy the Transaction Number generated then Click the Link Provided to proceed the payment on payment gateway(quickteller.com/bowenuniveristy) or take your transaction ID to your Bank ask the Bank to process the payment through paychoice under payDirect.
 For EbillsPay: Print/Copy the Transaction Number generated and to be taken to any of your bank to complete the payment for the school fees via ebills at the bank.
 Payment Receipt Printing: After payment is made successfully, go back to view your payment history ,and select the particular payment you just made in order to print the receipt for such payment. This,you will bring to the bursary for bursary clearance.
The Relationship between Lower Extremity Stiffness with Selected Biomechanical Variables during Vertical Jumps in Healthy Active Men - Journal of Sport Biomechanics
Mohamadian M A, Sadeghi H, Khaleghi Tazji M. The Relationship between Lower Extremity Stiffness with Selected Biomechanical Variables during Vertical Jumps in Healthy Active Men. J Sport Biomech. 2018; 4 (2) :29-38
The Relationship between Lower Extremity Stiffness with Selected Biomechanical Variables during Vertical Jumps in Healthy Active Men
Objective: Stiffness is a characteristic of viscoelastic structures and is an effective factor in sports movement biomechanics, which is an important factor in motion production and neuromechanical control of human body. The purpose of this study is to determine the relationship between lower extremity stiffness and selected biomechanical variables during vertical jumps.
Methods: 20 male physical education students participated voluntarily in this study. They performed Vertical hopping tests in three styles, bilateral, unilateral on dominant leg and unilateral on non-dominant leg, with three strategies, preferred, controlled (frequency 2.2 Hz) and maximal to determine the stiffness of the lower extremity. They also performed Squat jump and Countermovement jump tests to determine the mechanical power, take-off velocity and the efficiency of the stretch-shortening cycle.
Conclusion: Bases on the research findings, it can be argued that lower extremity stiffness is not mush effective in vertical jumps. It is not effective in stretch-shortening cycle either but there may probably be some optimal value for it.
Nothing is more important than helping Delaware County, PA people to live full, independent and dignified lives within the comfort of their own Delaware County, PA home. Ahavah Healthcare Agency dedicated to providing the kind of non-medical in-home care that helps enrich lives and maintain the highest possible level of independent living. We offer an extensive range of non-medical care services tailored to the unique needs of each Delaware County, PA individual we serve.
Ahavah Healthcare Agency is a Delaware County, PA home health care agency and is an available resource for questions and concerns that may arise regarding the care of your loved one. Our caring and compassionate staff can assist you with preparing for your loved ones return home from a hospital or rehab facility and once home can provide the assistance that is necessary to ensure their safety and their personal well being; or perhaps your loved one just needs that little bit of additional care to keep them independent at home.
Home care is not just for the elderly. Surgical patient hospital stays are decreasing in length, which creates a short-term need for patients who are recovering at home. Whatever the home care need,
Ahavah Healthcare Agency can keep you or your loved one safe and comfortable at home. Find out more about our Caregivers ›
Trinity's mission is to provide professional and paraprofessional services to clients in their home assisting them to achieve the highest level of potential in their day-to-day self-care activities.
We are committed to providing high quality, multidisciplinary care by professionals who recognize the need for incorporating the independent living philosophy and those with disabilities, Americans Disability Act (ADA) in a comprehensive assessment of needs from both the client and professional's point of view.
It's the last day of Marit's "Top 2000" challenge! The song I chose to scrap for today is one of the all-time greatest songs ever (in my opinion) - "Imagine" by John Lennon, which comes in at #41...
For this layout I painted a watercolor rainbow background onto white cardstock; and then whitewashed over the top with gesso to soften the colors and add texture. The dove was drawn onto white cardstock and then layered for dimension. I happened to have some sparkly copper colored vines, so I cut off a little piece for the dove to carry. The lyrics are written with a fine point journaling pen.
I've learned some things during this challenge that will carry over to Scrapping The Music. In the past, I've always picked which songs I will scrap for our challenge blog, based on if I can envision the lyrics applying to my life - thus giving me a page to scrap about. Now I'm thinking I can scrap any song I love! I can scrap about the song itself! Yeayyyy! I love those little a-ha moments!
Speaking of Scrapping The Music, you've still got a few more days to play along with our Christmas Vacation challenge! We need more players and we'd love to have you join us!
It's the second to the last day of the Top 2000 Countdown challenge on Marit's blog! My contribution for December 30th is 1971's "Vincent" by Don McLean. It comes in at #395...
I painted a gold border on the backside of a hambly overlay and placed that on top of some patterned paper. Then continued the overlay design with a white sharpie on top of the Van Gogh self-portrait. I also used some happy tape at the bottom of the self-portrait, and popped out the photo of singer Don McLean with pop-dots for some extra dimension. The lyrics are done with Sharpie Poster Paint Pens.
I've loved this song since it first came out when I was a kid. The beautiful and sad poetry of the lyrics are what first got me interested in the life and art of Van Gogh. Altho I knew the song was written about Vincent Van Gogh; I did not know the back story of how McLean came to write it; so I did some checking, and found out at McLean's website.
Here's a video of the song "Vincent" which showcases some of Van Gogh's paintings. Aren't they beautiful?!!!
There are so many things I love about this song - the energy, the urban feel, and the lyrics - oh the lyrics... I tried to reflect those things in my layout. The silhouette is actually a photo of frontman Adam Duritz which I cut out and used as a mask for misting.
Here's the meaning behind the song, in Adam's own words, during VH1 Storytellers. (Taken from this link)...
“It’s really a song about my friend Marty and I. We went out one night to watch his dad play, his dad was a flamenco guitar player who lived in Spain, and he was in San Francisco in the mission playing with his old flamenco troupe. And after the gig we all went to this bar called the New Amsterdam in San Francisco on Columbus and we got completely drunk. And Marty and I sat at the bar staring at these two girls, wishing there was *some* way we could go talk to them, but we were, we were too shy. And we thought, we kept joking with each other, that if we were big rock stars instead of such loser, low-budget musicians, we’d be able to, this would be easy. And I went home that night and I wrote a song about it.
And I joke about what’s it about, that story. But it’s really a song about all the dreams and all the things that make you want to go in to , you know, doing whatever it is that like seizes your heart, whether it’s being a rock star or being a doctor or whatever it is, you know. And I mean, those things run from like ‘all this stuff I have pent up inside of me’ to , ‘I want to meet girls’ you know, because I’m tired of not being able to. And it is a lot of those things, it’s about all those dreams. But it’s also kind of cautionary because it’s about how misguided you may be about some of those things and how hollow they may be too. Like the character in the song keeps saying, ‘When everybody loves me I will never be lonely.’ And you’re supposed to know that that’s not the way it’s gonna be, probably. I knew that even then.
I'll be back tomorrow with my contribution to the second to last day of Marit's challenge. Don't forget to go to Marit's blog to see all of the layouts for today's songs - they are all so awesome!
The Countdown continues in the Netherlands of the Top 2000 songs of all time. My pick out of today's songs is "Drops of Jupiter" by Train. (click to see the details) It comes in at #1067...
I totally thought this song was about a woman who left a relationship to find herself, but I was wrong. I found out that it was inspired by a dream Pat Monahan had after the death of his mother. Here's a video where he explains it...
I wish you a fantastic Monday my friends! I will be back tomorrow with yet another Top 2000 layout! Thanks so much for visiting and for your comments! They really mean a lot to me!
I had so much fun making this layout - I'm a huge James Morrison fan so it was awesome to see "Wonderful World" on the Top 2000 Countdown list. It comes in at #1234. This layout is my contribution to the December 27th edition of the Netherlands Top 2000 songs of all time countdown...
For the background I used Peerless Watercolors on Watercolor paper, and then added salt to give it a spotty effect. The photo came from a free desktop wallpaper I found on the internet.
It's been really fun looking a little deeper into the songs for this week's challenge. I was researching the meaning behind Wonderful World, and I found it in this video. Turns out it's an empathic song he wrote for a deaf man he met on a bus. Check out the video below, where he explains it and then performs an awesome version of the song...
Thank you to Marit again for hosting this week-long inspirational challenge! Don't forget to check out all the layouts for today at Marit's blog - click here!
The song I picked for today is "Hey There Delilah" by the Plain White T's. It's #1680 on the Netherlands Top 2000 countdown...
This is such a wonderfully romantic lyric and sweet melody - I just love it. I've read that there is a real Delilah, and that the T's frontman - Tom Higginson wrote "Hey There Delilah" in an attempt to woo her. Sadly, it didn't work and they never got together. I don't know how she could resist being charmed by it! Click here for the story.
I will be back tomorrow with the song for December 27! Take care everyone and thanks for stopping by!
I've always said that music is a universal connection, and today I really feel it. It gave me shivers to go to Marit's blog today and see all the beautiful artwork from people all over the world - all connected by music.
I picked this song because - well first of all I love it, but I also love that it makes me think of all the women that have inspired me, and I love that. From what I've read, K.T. wrote this song about Punk Rocker Patti Smith. How cool is that?
I finished my first two layouts for Marit's Top 2000 game, and it was super fun!!!!! They will be revealed on December 25th and 26th, respectively, but here are some sneak peeks...
Now I'm off to get ready for Christmas. Shopping, Cleaning and Wrapping! I will see you tomorrow with another update! Have an awesome Wednesday my friends!
It's time for Marit's Top 2000 Game to begin! Yeayyy! I'm so excited! I went to the site that lists all 2000 songs, and spent HOURS perusing all the choices. It was so difficult to choose just one song for each day of broadcast! I tried to pick songs that speak to me, or have some meaning for me, or that I just really love, as opposed to thinking about how I would scrap them. Know what I mean?
I'm sitting here with this list of seven songs in front of me. All fun, inspiring songs. Now to get busy. I want to do 12 x 12 layouts. I think I want to do something different tho. Not necessarily layouts with pics about my life. I'm thinking more collagey, painty-type layouts that focus on the content of the song. Hmmm. We shall see what happens once I get going. I'm not sure what I will end up with, but that's part of the fun, right?
For those of you that are also playing along - are you doing layouts? Art journal pages? ATCs? What's your plan? I'd love to hear it!
The one thing I know is that if I want to actually complete these layouts I'm going to have to not overthink them. It's a super busy time and I will just have to fly with whatever comes out of my head. Yeayyyy! That means no pressure!
The featured song for the next two weeks at Scrapping The Music is the theme from the movie "Christmas Vacation!" It's a super fun, festive song and I hope you will want to play along! I know the holidays are busy, so we are giving it an extra week to make it easier for folks to participate. Here's the layout I made:
I used the December "Orchestra" kit from Studio Calico for this layout. The white alphas are from Doodlebug, and the word magic is hand-drawn and cut. The stars are drawn with a sharpie. Oh and the black and white border at the top is happy tape!
Speaking of Scrapping The Music, I am excited to say that I will be coordinating the blog starting with the new year! It's only temporary, as our founder Mary, needs to take a break for awhile; but I am really excited to learn from her. There is a lot of behind-the-scenes work that she does, and she has kept it running like a well-oiled machine. Everyone on the design team is so supportive of Mary and of the site, that I know together we can keep it going until Mary is ready to return!
I'm sooo looking forward to Marit's "Top 2000 Songs of 2009" challenge which will start on December 25! I plan to post a layout here each day from December 25th thru December 31 that will correspond to one of the songs on the Top 2000 list that is published in the Netherlands each year. Marit will also be posting my layout along with hers and anyone else who participates! I know my friend Jeanet is going to play too - can't wait to see what you create Jeanet!
So now the rush for Christmas starts! We still have to pick up a few gifts, plan what to serve on Christmas Day, wrap gifts and clean the house! Yikes! I am going to try to keep a little time for creativity each day, but we shall see if that actually happens or not. LOL.
One of the many fun things about this time of year, is seeing all your year-long projects start coming to completion! Yeayyyy! Of course, I am behind on most of them, but that's beside the point - LOL. Anyhoo - I'm catching up with my "Year In The Life of An Art Journal" project, and I'm up to the Letter "U."
I picked the subject of backyard birds and squirrels because November is the month of Thanksgiving, and I am SO thankful for the beautiful creatures that visit our feeders everyday...
I was going to use my own photos, but they are all taken thru our window, so they're not that clear, and these were too beautiful to resist...
One of the many things I am loving about Kelly's Art Journaling class, is that it has given me reason to record some things about my life that I wouldn't have thought of otherwise. Case in point is my page from December 15th about my first sleepover...
I used the current Studio Calico kit called "Orchestra" for this Fave Things layout. The challenge (obviousy) was to scrap your favorite car...
The photo of me in the car was something I made for the Project Catwalk contest back in 2008. It was part of a greeting card. It seemed a perfect fit to print another photo of it for this layout! The flowers are a new addition, and are made with papers from the "Orchestra" kit.
The next thing on my list is to do some catching up with the "A Year In The Life of an Art Journal" project. But first, a napinski...
I'm SO EXCITED and HONORED!!! I was asked to be an "Honorary Gutter Girl" at the Gutter Girlz Challenge blog in March! This is going to be super fun!
You've probably heard of the Gutter Girlz, but just in case you haven't - it's a challenge blog with an "edge." They "take you places scrapbooking normally doesn't" with their challenges, and I am so excited to be going along with them on a paper adventure! I will keep you posted about the exact date in March - I hope you want to play along! And a huge THANK YOU to my awesomely talented friend Glenda Tkalac for inviting me!
The next thing I want to share with you is my layout for the December sketch at the TATS blog. TATS is currently on hiatus, so the December sketch wasn't posted, but I want to share my layout with you anyways! I had so much fun with it...
I used Ashley Wren's "Rainbow Sushi" papers for the first time, and the layout practically made itself! I love the uniqueness of her paper line! Along with that I used lots of orange buttons from my stash I got from my sweet friend Penny, and some dictionary paper!
and December 14. Sometimes I have a hard time letting go of my job at the end of the work day, so I skipped the prompt for this day, and made this for therapeutic reasons...
I hope your Friday has been fabulous! I will be back tomorrow with another update - thanks for stopping by!
I am going to be joining the design team for the "These Are A Few of My Favorite Things" challenge blog!!! Yeayyyyyy!!!!! I am so happy to be joining this group of sincerely wonderful and talented women. PLUS, it's my favorite challenge to participate in!!!! And Julie, the founder - what can I say about my dear friend Julie?!!! She is one of the most supportive and fun people in the scrapbooking world for sure! I am really looking forward to this new adventure! I will be starting with the first new challenge of 2010 - I hope you will come and play along!
I'm also excited because our Christmas preparations are coming along quite nicely. Our tree is up and decorated...
I've done my online ordering for out of town loved ones, and we have made an action plan to get everything else accomplished. Yeayyy!
I'm still trying to play catch up with my art journal pages and other projects. I should have known this time of year would be so busy! I did finish the December 12th page...
Materials used: acrylic paint, oil crayon, pan pastels, paper doily, collage image from Kelly Kilmer, plaid happy tape, woodgrain contact paper, red cardstock and pink white and black sharpies.
I'm playing catch-up with my journal pages - I'm a few days behind, but here's what I've got so far...
I finally finished my "Fave Holiday" layout for the Fave Things blog! This is my way of visually expressing how I feel about the New Year's Eve/Day holiday... New Year's Eve is wonderful because it gives me cause to look back and be grateful for everything that's happened in the past year. New Year's Day is FABULOUS because I feel like a new, fresh adventure is starting! What could be better than a new adventure?!!!
Anyhoo, I used the Studio Calico "Over The Rainbow" kit for the layout; plus some turquoise and pink cardstock and some happy tape along the bottom.
So, do you have creative goals for the upcoming year? I'm still trying to decide what I want my creative goals to be. I LOVE the process of figuring it out almost as much as actually doing it!
Good morning - er afternoon! It's a beautiful, quiet day at the Rydell household. The cats are in the scraproom window, and we are all watching the birds. We've already seen a female cardinal, a blue jay and a chickadee!
I have finished my embroidery hoop album - yeayyy! It was a project from my Super Fun Autumn Love class with Elsie Flannigan and Rachel Denbow! I ended up using WAY more pages than the project called for, but I am happy with the result! Figuring out how to bind it was the biggest challenge, but in the end I just used a simple ribbon, which as you will see was glued to both the front and back hoops, and then fed through each page; and it works pretty well. The subject is our family trip up to the North Shore this past fall.
The cover was the idea from the class. The inside pages are my own design. I have been saving this bright orange thrift-store doily forever, and I finally found a use for it - yeayyy!
I made a little pocket for memorabilia by stitching some fabric to the chipboard which I covered with patterned paper and glued into the inside back cover. As you can see I'm no seamstress, but I kinda like the imperfect look...
Working on this project made me start thinking about all the things that could be made into mini-albums! Just about anything - hmmm...
My friend Marit has decided to embark on a fun project and I've decided to play along! From December 25 - 31st, I will be making a layout based on a song from the Netherlands Radio "Top 2000," and posting each one here on my blog. Marit will also be posting them on her blog. For more on this fun project check out Marit's blogpost here. She's looking for more people to play along too!
Oh, and speaking of music, don't forget that you have an extra week to play along with the current challenge at Scrapping The Music! Check it out here!
Alrighty then, I guess that's it for today! I will be back tomorrow with my "Fave Holiday" layout as well as some Art Journal Pages. Have a fantabulous Sunday my friends and thanks SO much for visiting and for your comments! They really make me happy!
I'm sooooo tired, but I had a FABULOUS time at the crop! Here's a pic of my awesome friends - Christina, Anne and Lynn...
We scrapped like crazy and I actually finished my embroidery hoop album!!! I'm so excited to share it with you! I must hit the hay tho, as I can hardly keep my eyes open. I will be back as soon as I wake up, and will post pics of my project.
I just love starting a new journal! It feels like a new adventure is just beginning! This is a journal I altered awhile ago for a Next Step Challenge, (I posted it then too) but I haven't done anything with it until now. It will be my December Art Journal. Here's the cover...
For the inside pages, I glued about five pages together at a time (with glue stick) to make them about the thickness of cardstock. I removed pages randomly throughout, to adjust for the thickness of the finished entries. It's hard to see here, but the painted backgrounds are transparent enough to still see the print coming through, and I love that!
I discovered a new challenge blog tonight called Scrap A Tale, and the amazingly talented Kimberly Garafalo is the guest designer this month. She's got a really fun challenge posted, with a prize full of Sassafras goodness! Check it out here!
Today's Prompt-A-Day journal entry was the very last one in my current journal! I LOVE completing a journal! It's such a feeling of accomplishment! So, here's my last entry...
The image is from an old children's magazine. I also used a gift bag and some woodgrain contact paper for the collage elements.
The other thing that is fun about finishing a journal, is that you get to start a new one! Tomorrow I will post a pic of the journal I'm going to start next.
Tonight we had a lot of fun putting up our christmas tree and hanging the stockings! Johnny enjoyed pouncing on the ribbons and watching from his latest box fort...
We watched The Station Agent the other nite, and we give it two thumbs up. It's one of those movies that has you laughing at how odd it is, but at the same time, the characters each touch your soul in their own way. Cool. Have any of you seen it? What did you think?
Alrighty then, off I go. I have an idea for my "Fave Holiday" layout for the Fave Things blog, and I only have a few more days to get it done. I better get on it.
Hi everyone! I'm excited to report that my red Smashbook is all done! Yesterday was my monthly girls crop, and I played happily with i...
Hi friends! I'm so excited to tell you that I have a seat to give away for Pull Pen Paint 2018! Check out the post below this...
The Mixed Emotions workshop is technically over now. The classroom is still open so that students can finish their assignments; but the las...
Are you ready to find out who won the seat in PULL PEN PAINT 2018??? I used a random number generator to pick a winner... Congratulat...
Hi friends! I've got a catchup post on the Top 2000 party today, since I didn't post about it yesterday. Yesterday was day five an...
I'm so excited! Today is the day that I get to be an Honorary Gutter Girl! I did a special layout for the current challenge, and there's also a bio a little article and some of my fave layouts! I'd love it if you stop over there and say hello in the comments! Thanks so much for asking me to be an honorary gutter girl Glenda! P.S. Glenda has some super-inspiring work of her own in today's post too - she is the queen of misting and masking!!!
Last night I finished another layout for The Street Where You Live. This one is about our local post office (click to see more detail)...
I used one of the class sketches for inspiration, and the Studio Calico "Quilting Bee" kit for this one. I love how one of the Sassafras Papers just happened to have some stripeys in it that remind me of the old air mail stripes that used to be on envelopes! For this one, I used only the border and the flowers from the Sass paper, and cut the entire middle out to use on another layout. I backed the border with navy cardstock from my stash. The scallop at the top is actually cut from the inside of a security envelope - :0)
Don't forget - tomorrow is our farewell tribute to Marie at Scrapping The Music. I hope you will stop by and check it out!
Also, the new challenge is up at the Fave Things blog, and this time we are scrapping our Fave TV Shows! I actually have about five favorite shows, but Flash Forward is the one I really felt like scrapping about. It's a real mind-bender if you ask me, and I love the mystery and imagination of it. Here's my layout...
The February 28th prompt at Artful Amblings was "Silence," and the technique was to use inchies. If you are not familiar with inchies, they are tiny works of art that are one inch square. I took a simple, photographic approach to the prompt, and here's what I came up with...
I edged the photos with acrylic paint and wrote the quote with a sharpie. The inchie photos are miscellaneous ones from peaceful, quiet moments in my life, and the big one was taken on a solitary road trip for work. Sometimes I listen to the radio, but more often than not, I drive in silence. It gives me time to think and I love that.
We've got an awesome song at Scrapping the Music this week! It's "Fireflies," by Owl City! Here's my take on the lyrics...
I used Sharpie Poster-Paint markers to create the background and write the lyrics. I just love that photo of little Wilbie catching a few zzzzz's in his Snowman bed.
I had three fun things happen yesterday, and I just have to share with you all! First, I was contacted by Debbie Hodge of Get it Scrapped yesterday. She told me that three of my layouts were featured in an article at their site about the "Street Where You Live" class! I was so excited and honored!!! I would love it if you have time to check it out and leave me a comment! Click here to go to the article.
It was also an awesome happy mail day too! Harmonie Products was kind enough to send me this selection of their new product line to play with...
Isn't it beautiful stuff? It's even prettier in real life. The patterned paper is a nice heavyweight, and they are all double-sided. I think my fave paper is the one on the top right with the butterflies and dragonflies! I also love the wood frames and patterned brads! Can't wait to start creating with this stuff! Thanks so much Harmonie!!! You can visit their website by clicking here.
I also received my Noel Mignon kit and WOW I LOVE IT! I am such a color-oriented person, and these colors are fabulous!!! The other thing I noticed about this kit is you get LOTS of embellishments, which makes me happy happy HAPPY!!!
Stay tuned to Scrapping The Music for some upcoming news. We have a few changes that will be announced very soon! In the meantime, you still have a little time to play along with this week's challenge! Check it out here, but hurry!!!
I hope your Friday is going fantastically!!! Thanks so much for visiting and for your comments - they mean alot to me!!!
Spring has sprung in our neighborhood and it's so wonderful! The sun is shining and the temps are climbing upwards and we have started our regular walks! I finished another layout for my "The Street Where You Live" class, using a couple of pics we took this past week...
I used the Studio Calico "Quilting Bee" kit for this one, plus some pom pom trim and green cardstock from my stash, a white sharpie and blue watercolor crayons. The design was inspired by one of the sketches they provide. Another lesson goes up tomorrow at the "Street Where You Live" forum, and I can hardly wait! Even though it's a free class, the lessons are really in-depth! They give you lots of ideas and options, plus a few sketches to help you along! I am really loving it! If you want to check it out, it's not too late. The class goes all year long and you can jump in anytime. Click here for more info.
I've heard such great things about the Noel Mignon kits from my friend Julie, that I decided to try one of their kits. I ordered this one, and I can hardly wait for it to arrive! It looks amazing!!!
Speaking of kits, the Studio Calico reveal is this weekend too, and it looks like it's going to be a good month for them. Click here to see sneak peeks.
Oh, and I'm SO EXCITED that I'm going to be featured on the Gutter Girlz blog next Tuesday as an honorary gutter girl! I finished my layout and interview, so now I'm just waiting for Tuesday. I hope you will stop by and check it out!
Okay, I guess that's it for today. I hope you are having a wonderful Wednesday, and I will see you tomorrow with another update! Thanks for stopping by!
The new song at Scrapping The Music this week is "Just The Two Of Us" by Will Smith. I'm telling ya there are SO MANY possibilities for scrapping this song it's amazing! Here's what I came up with...
Besides being brothers, Willie and Johnny are the best of buds, so it seemed fitting to scrap this song about them. I used the Studio Calico "Quilting Bee" kit for this one, and I am loving that kit! I especially love the "Dear Lizzy" ribbon that looks like roses - it's so soft and pretty! Anyhoo, head on over to the STM blog to see what the other Design Team members did! We'd love to have you play along with us!!!
In other news, I'm still in organization mode. I spent all day yesterday organizing my 2009/2010 layouts into albums, and it was so much fun! Here's the list of albums I started:
Now I just have to decorate and label each album cover, and put some tabs in to divide the sections!
Happy Sunday everybody! Sorry it's been so long since I've posted - I've been in California helping out with some family health issues that are going on, and celebrating my mom's birthday.
I came home from my trip to find a surprise package waiting for me from my sweet friend Julie. Look what she sent me! How cuuuuuute is this????
It is from a really neat etsy shop called Melbean. I put it up on my scraproom wall immediately! THANK YOU SO MUCH JULIE!!! You really brightened my day, and I will think of you everytime I look at it!!!
I have a couple of layouts to share, but first I want to answer some questions that came in from my last post about my scraproom.
I used to have a real problem with everything looking yellow in the evening, but I switched to Reveal (true daylight type) bulbs, and they work great! Now I can set my camera to the daylight setting and the colors are pretty true to life, even at night.
Willie and Johnny are six years old now, so they have mellowed out quite a bit from their kitten antics. My biggest worry is always that they will swallow some ribbon or something sharp and end up in the emergency room. This has never happened, but I still make sure that any ribbon or pins I have out are in a secure container. I also avoid those cute displays of embellies some people have in their scraprooms, where they put buttons and rhinestones in muffin pans or cute bowls. If I did that I would have this problem...
Willie loves little things that he can bat around, so I just make sure that my embellies are in a closed container.
Both of the boys love to chew on anything plastic - These were some nice crop bags that I had in my bucket on the floor, and I quickly learned I needed to put them up out of reach. LOL.
Jeannie, you specifically asked about paper getting ruined and I have never had that problem. The only thing is Johnny likes to lay on it if I have it spread out on the floor. Also, I keep my kits in boxes and this is what happens...
HA! That box is full of kit contents. He doesn't hurt anything, he just crawls in there and lays. I think it's cute, so I let him until I need something in the box.
I always go with the motto - better safe than sorry, and try to keep anything that could potentially hurt them out of reach. It's a little extra work keeping it cat proof, but it's also so much fun having them to scrap with!
The current challenge at the Fave Things blog is to scrap your favorite beverage! I don't buy these very often, but knowing I had to do this layout gave me an excuse to go and get one...
Caribou is Michael and my FAVORITE coffee place, and my FAVORITE drink is the caramel cooler, no whip and extra drizzle! It's fabulous!!!! I used the Studio Calico "Soda Fountain" kit for this one.
The other layout I have to share is for the current challenge at Scrapping The Music. The featured song is "Free Me" by Joss Stone. I thought these lyrics were perfect for this picture of the kids...
For this one I used the Quilting Bee kit from Studio Calico which is one of my faves! The starburst/flower embellie at the top right is made out of wood veneer which I dyed with spray ink, and the bottom part of the title was drawn onto dictionary paper.
So, that's it for today! Thanks so much for stopping by and for your comments - they mean alot to me!
I'm so excited to report, that after many many hours of working, my scraproom is all done and it feels GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeayyyyyy!!! I've got tons of pictures to share!
Okay, now for the FINISHED ROOM. These pics start at the left side of my room, and work their way to the right...
This is my desk area and inspiration wall. This is where I do my day job, as well as my personal computer work, so it's a mix of both things. The beautiful "Beauty" painting was made by Aimee. The rest of the artwork in this picture is mine. You can see my Project 52 ATCs from last year hanging from the ribbon, still waiting for the last four to complete the series. (Note to self - get those done)...
Another angle of the same wall. On the left, you can see a washboard I altered, where I keep my to do and project lists. It comes in soooo handy...
Moving to the right you can see my personal printer and my two adorable scrapping companions Johnny and Willie. Below the desk are two carts. One is full of art journaling stuff, and the other is rubber stamps. The beautiful pillow was made by my sister, and the gorgeous green throw was made by my mom. I love them both so much! Then you can see one end of my ikea bookcases. These cubes house cardstock, patterned paper, and other miscellaneous goodies. The tall boxes are repurposed postal boxes that have scrappy kits in them...
Here's the rest of the bookcase, along with my attached scrapping desk. This is where almost all of my scrappy stuff is organized. The red and orange buckets next to the desk house my newest kit, and other newest items, so they are easily accessible..
These are the most important cubes, because they are right next to the desk. They have my most frequently used items in them. Markers, mists, paintbrushes, tools and some adhesives...
Continuing to the right, you can see the newly organized part of the room. On the far wall, is a set of blonde cubes that house printer paper, ink, Blank CDs and various other tools.
A close up shows the newly organized clip-it-up. I decided to keep only alphas on the bottom row. This is where I keep paints, and also my beloved retro 70's typewriter...
and this is my new Ikea entertainment center. (Well, it was new for Christmas.) The big space in the middle will eventually hold a flat screen tv (when I save up the money for one - which might be awhile); but for now it's a good place to display my art journals and layouts. The entertainment center also has albums, books, stereo, embellies, fabric and other miscellaneous stuff...
Here are a few closeups of the cubes. One thing I love is that I still have room for expansion. Like, for example, there are still some empty jars to fill...
Here you can see a vintage train case, which is now my portable art journaling kit. And the big roll of paper from Michael's papermill...
Here is my little ATC pouch. I made this at a make and take led by the adorable and talented Jeannie Lutz...
Do you ever have a situation where you can live with something for just so long and then, all of a sudden YOU CANT STAND IT ANYMORE??? That happened to me this morning! I wasn't even out of bed yet, and all of a sudden I thought "I absolutely HAVE to get my scraproom organized TODAY!!! It's been a mess since I got my new bookcase back in January, and I just can't stand it anymore! HA! I have been bitten by the cleaning bug!
Here are some quick pics of how things are looking now, and believe me, they look worse in real life...
EEEEKKK! Off I go. I will report back later with how it went. Wish me luck and continued motivation!!!
Here's wishing you all a wonderful Saturday!!! I hope your crafting areas are more organized than mine!
I finished binding my Let it Loose Journal tonite and now it's all done! It feels great to finish a big project, doesn't it? Here's how the finished book looks...
I used a grocery shopping bag that already had a sunburst graphic on it, and wrote the title on with a white sharpie. The rest of the cover is happy tape, and Love, Elsie adhesive fabric.
I used some Stampin Up ribbon, and a bunch of beads I still had from my beading days. I just love this binding technique and I can tell I will be doing alot more of it!!!
Let it Loose was a fun and inspirational class to be sure! Here's a recap of all the pages I made...
I don't know if I could pick a favorite lesson. I think what I loved most about the class was the variety! I also really loved getting reacquainted with my markers again! Now, I'm thinking I might have to invest in either some copic markers, or some of those Tim Holtz refillable alcohol ink markers. For any of you who have either of those types of markers, what do you think? Do you recommend one over the other?
Thank you to everyone who entered the giveaway for the Mixed Emotions Workshop Seat; whether thru this blog, Facebook or Instagram. I appreciate you spreading the word and showing interest in the class!
If you didn't win, there's still time to register and join us anyway!!! Class starts on August 31st, so don't delay! Click here for more info and to register - we'd love to see you there!
Mixed Emotions is a six-week online Art Journaling Workshop taught by Marit Barentsen and me! Lessons start on August 31 and I HAVE ONE SPOT TO GIVE AWAY!
Share the announcement with a link to the Mixed Emotions workshop info: www.maritspaperworld.com/shop/product/mixed-emotions/
When you share announcement of this online workshop, just come back and let me know in comments below how and where you shared.
ONE WINNER will be selected on Friday, August 21 and announced on my blog (I will notify the winner via email)
If you already registered for this workshop, you can still join the giveaway. If you win, we will refund your money.
A Six-Week online Art Journaling Workshop taught by Marit Barentsen and Michelle LaPoint-Rydell August 31 – October 8, 2015
Art journaling focuses on putting your personal thoughts and emotions on paper – and you don’t always have to use words to do that! Even if you’re not a writer you can create meaningful art journal pages; because an emotion can be expressed through a photograph, a color, a material or a particular technique.
In this workshop we will explore one specific emotion each lesson; and take that emotion as the basis to create a personal art journal page. (…) You are encouraged to explore your inner world, your perception of your emotions, and turn them into art journal pages. Each lesson also explains a different technique, step-by-step, through photos or an instructional video.
12 lessons with assignments in pdf format. Techniques will be clearly shown through photos or demonstrated on video. Both beginners and advanced art journalers will find pleasure in working with the lessons.
Access to a private group discussion forum where you may share, ask questions and interact with the teacher and other class participants.
The uploaded content will be moved to this newly created album. You must créer un compte or se connecter if you want to edit this album later on.
May 10, 201755 minutes The BangBus crew is always out chasing tail. This week we came a cross a chick who was looking for a studio. Apparently, she’s trying to be a star or some shit. We told her we know tons of producers and that we could give her some free studio time. She hopped on the bus and that’’s when the real fun started. We started offering the starving artist some dough for undressing. After we got a peek that huge booty, we started frothing out the mouth to see this chick get fucked. Our boy Tyler Steel slammed her pussy all over the fucking bus until busting a giant load all over her. At this point, it was time to drop this money hungry hoe..
Katia Enjoys Spring Break 17’ With The Bus Uploaded to Bangbus on April 26, 2017 193,713 views and 938 likes
Big Booty Stripper Takes The Ride Uploaded to Bangbus on February 21, 2018 125,618 views and 603 likes
Blonde With Natural Tits Hops On The Bus Uploaded to Bangbus on October 11, 2017 97,820 views and 460 likes
Rhound and Big White Ass on the Bus Uploaded to Bangbus on February 28, 2018 78,085 views and 366 likes
Ideally located in the very heart of Chinatown, on Yaowaraj Road, The Chinatown Hotel is distant of about 40 minutes driving from Suvarnabhumi International airport and 5 minutes from Bangkok Railway Station (as well as the Subway - MRT - station) and Rajawongse Pier for river taxis. The property is very close to many tourist attractions and is also located in the very heart of the lively shopping bazaar and the famous street food market the area is reknown for. The property featured 75 rooms, all with Panoramic views over the city. The coffee shop offers a la-carte dining with an extensive choice for specialities of international cuisine as well as Asian delicacies. The Chinatown Hotel's "Lobby bar" is open daily for cocktails or during the day, coffee, tea and sweets are served at the The Window Ville" bakery shop. All complimented by our dedicated staff, all experienced in the true art of traditional Thai and Chinese Hospitality.
Have been staying at this hotel annually for the last 5yrs and will continue to do so considering its price. Being in Chinatown, transportation will be a challenge at times
My best choice and my best favorite booking hotel in bangkok very responsible and helpful ... I do more recommendations to my friend to use sawadee.com ...
1.Cleanliness in bathroom Tub have hairs still in it. 2.Found Centipede in bath room 5 long 1st time met
Stay many times in Bangkok but first time in this China Town area. Good location and nice and polite staffs. Room is small (Standard )but clean and bed are comfortable. Only 5 minutes walking to the Golden Buddha Wat Traimit and there are a lot of hawker food in front of hotel. Will come back but hope that the instant coffee in the room should be Free.
Good service and I got my refund promptly because over paid as due to the bigger room not available.
Chinatown Hotel is clearly ageing. The rooms have a strong disinfectant odour and give a tired look. Expensive relative to similar hotels in Silom,Surawong, Sathorn where I ve lived. On a positive note the toilets are sparkling clean and the staff helpful. The hotel is located in the midst of Chinatown for those who like the crowds, chaos and street-foods. Personally, after staying in the area I believe that Chinatown is a place one visits for food or an outing - not an area one can live in comfortably.
this is just about the average. the breakfast is not so good. hotel is good for those who want to joy with local chinese people and food. the opposite hotel offers the best jazz in town (from 21.00 - 23.00). if you like jazz, you have to try it.
bath room accessory need to maintenance as fast as possible. and lift not enough quantity for customer need.( out of order 1 lift from 2)
This hotel is in a good location where food is not a problem and the room is clean and staff vis friendly and helpful . Though the romm I stayed is a little bit small but alright for a single tourist like me . And with free wifi internet also . I will certainly stay in that hotel again if I am in Bangkok .
Chinatown Hotel located in the centre of the Chinatown, Bangkok. This area is about 45 Kilometer away from Bangkok/Suvarnabhumi Airport, 1 Kilometer from Bangkok Railway/Hualamphong Station, MRT and BTS. A few Kilometers. from the Bangkok tourist attractions, such as, The Golden Buddha, The Royal Grand Palace & The Emerald Buddha, Shopping centre at MBK, Siam Paragon, Central World Plaza, as the bus stop is at the front of the hotel, so that it’s very conveniently for our guest to use the Bangkok Metropolitan service to go to anywhere that they need.
We provide 75 modern and newly renovated of Standard Room, Superior Room, Deluxe Room, Connecting Room and Junior Suite. All rooms have windows, Private Bathroom with tube, Hot & Cold shower, Satellite T.V., Mini Bar, IDD Phone, Daily Fresh Tower, Free Wi-Fi in room and in the lobby and other of the standard hotel facilities equipped.
For the further information, the hotel coffee shop offers Thai, Chinese and variety of the Asian cuisine; snack, drinks and others at our corner.
Hotel located in the heart of Bangkok's Chinatown. Considered as one of the country's economically important. It is the location of China Town is the highlight of the hotel. Hotels Chinatown is located near major attractions, many of the countries, such as Wat Phra Kaew, Wat Trai Mit and also close to the source, like stepping on the market for. Peng Playlist MBK is a trip to a place that has been very convenient.
Between May and October you might be able to hear a lot of wedding proposals, guests-lists debates and girly cake testing sessions. However the honeymoon destination and organization is often set aside due to more ‘essential’ topics. In order to make your first wed days as fantastic as possible, we made a selection of the best places in Indonesia to set your honeymoon days off. The Indonesian archipelago counts more than 17,000 islands so from Bali, Raja Ampat, Flores, Sulawesi or Sumatra, the possibilities are endless. These islands encompass thousands of dialects, cultures and ethnicities, placing Indonesia as a dream destination for all honeymooners.
A honeymoon in Bali is everlastingly mainstream – this Hindu island sits the world’s biggest Muslim country, and its coast is home of the best beaches on the planet.
Avoiding large resorts and hotels is easy in Bali. Many little and unique villas offer incredible beach views in a more local environment. Either facing the Indian Ocean and resting in a Coconut grove beside temples or traveling to the south of the island toward surf breaks you will find the place where relaxing and discovering the Indonesian culture will match perfectly.
Feeling the atmosphere of the country itself is essential. Head to Ubud – a town in the heart of staggering rice paddy and waterway valley scenes. The area is enclosed by conventional towns which are home to some of Bali’s most gifted artisans and skilled workers. Investigate towns by bike and try your hand at Balinese cookery. Get down to a cascade or have your late pre-marriage ceremony favored by a Balinese cleric. Facing any of these landscapes you will find many villas and hotels and some more in the city.
Only 40 miles east of Bali easily connected to its sister island by boat or even with a short flight. You can appreciate a wide range of watersports including amazing snorkeling sites and plunging on the coral reefs of the close-by Gili Islands. White sand and fine accommodations, the daring honeymooners can head inland, trekking to Sasak towns, waterfalls and notwithstanding handling the incomparable Mount Rinjani on an overnight outdoors experience.
Many tourists are drawn to Indonesia hoping for an Eat, Pray, Love experience. But as newly married couples, you will see easily why people describe the islands as spiritual, too. Definitely a good honeymoon spot to think during your wedding and after wedding preparation.
Take Java, Indonesia’s most crowded island could appear to be overpowering at first. Yet move far from the urban areas and you’ll discover unlimited perspectives of verdant rice paddies, beguiling towns and undiscovered beaches. Java is not presented in many honeymoon catalogs, but it does not mean there is no destination for it. Many hotels are now offering great honeymoon packages for their newly married guests. Following the development of tourism, the housing has also increased consequently. The island keeps its strong identity through its own culture, natural beauty and history: perfect for a honeymoon stay.
Right between Sumbawa and Flores, the Komodo archipelago is a preserved ecosystem synonym of nature and unique beauty. The archipelago is honoured with mind blowing shorelines extending from volcanic dark to unadulterated white or delicate pink sand. Dynamic coral reefs, top of the line scuba diving spots and the notorious Komodo Dragons will be your daily activities.
Perhaps not the major destination for honeymooners, the island offer however incredible outdoor activities from Kelimutu Volcano hiking and its surrounding landscape to astonishing seabeds.
Sumba is an island in eastern Indonesia, one of the Lesser Sunda Islands and in the province of East Nusa Tenggara. Quite unknown from touristic catalogs and still considered as a remote island, Sumba is quickly becoming a potential “New Bali’s” destination. If the name doesn’t sound familiar to you, maybe an image of its white-sand beach will have more success. Like in any Indonesian destination, the range of activities goes from remote surf spot to explore, to tropical jungles and magnificent bays to dive in. Sumba will be a the dreamed destination for adventurer-honeymooners.
And of course, elected Best hotel in the world by Travel & Leisure, the eco resort Nihiwatu is not to be missed!
Until recently a hidden heaven on the eastern part of Indonesia, Raja Ampat has bloomed into a new travel destination, while keeping it natural. It consists of 1,700 islands, all located in the far east of Indonesia, creating an archipelago in the West of Papua.
Known as one of the most remote places in the world, you might have the chance to discover incredible landscapes of untouched nature. This feeling of loneliness and adventure may be the perfect mixture for a paradisiac honeymoon.
Situated between Borneo (Kalimantan) and the Maluku Islands, Sulawesi is a place of adventure for honeymooners and nature lovers. From cities to remote villages and diving spots, Sulawesi will offer you an unconditional romantic experience through Indonesian culture and landscape. Its coastline defined by sandy beaches and coral reefs will make you discover an infinite variety of fish. While the interior lands are mountains and jungles and intense wildlife. This spot of paradise is just waiting for you, honeymooners.
So isn’t Indonesia the best honeymoon destination in the world? Adventure addicts, calm seekers or nature lovers, there are as many destinations as couple profiles. No need to search further, you found newlywed’s heaven !
When it comes to buying a home, there are more things to consider than you may realize. After all, it’s a lot more complicated than walking into the grocery store to buy a gallon of milk!
Buying a home is one of the biggest purchases the average person makes. As such, you can expect there to be a lot of preparation, negotiation, and paperwork involved. In addition to obtaining a mortgage and signing the paperwork, there are a number of other tasks that need to be completed before you can open the doors to your new home.
Here’s a quick crash course in Home Buying 101: what service providers you need to hire while purchasing your new home.
Ideally, you should start talking to lenders before you even begin looking for homes—and get pre-qualified for a mortgage as soon as possible.
Pre-qualification involves reviewing all of your finances, including income, expenses, and savings, with a lender.
Then, the lender will do some math and let you know exactly how much the bank is willing to loan you.
From all of our years of experience, we suggest using a local lender. Contact us for a list of the best in the Ann Arbor area. Continue reading →
If you’re actively looking for a new home to buy, it may be tempting to try and do it yourself, without a Realtor. After all, the agent isn’t really working for you, right?
There is a common misconception that real estate agents are only working for sellers, but that couldn’t be further from the truth!
When you’re buying a home, a real estate agent can help you make the right financial decision while maintaining your sanity.
Real estate agents live and breathe real estate, so they know how to navigate the market unlike anyone else.
An experienced Buyer’s Agent will keep you on top of the market, show you hard-to-find homes for sale, negotiate your buying terms, handle the bulk of your paperwork, and more. And it won’t cost you a penny!
In fact, here are the 4 things real estate agents do to eliminate stress from your home-buying process. Continue reading →
Should you be renting vs buying? There are some people who have not purchased homes yet because they are uncomfortable taking on the obligation of a mortgage. Everyone should realize that, unless you are living with your parents rent-free, you are paying a mortgage – either yours or your landlord’s.
As Entrepreneur Magazine, a premier source for small business, explained in their article, “12 Practical Steps to Getting Rich,”
“While renting on a temporary basis isn’t terrible, you should most certainly own the roof over your head if you’re serious about your finances. It won’t make you rich overnight, but by renting, you’re paying someone else’s mortgage. In effect, you’re making someone else rich.”
Christina Boyle, Senior Vice President and head of the Single-Family Sales & Relationship Management organization at Freddie Mac, explains another benefit of securing a mortgage vs. paying rent:
“With a 30-year fixed rate mortgage, you’ll have the certainty & stability of knowing what your mortgage payment will be for the next 30 years – unlike rents which will continue to rise over the next three decades.”
As an owner, your mortgage payment is a form of ‘forced savings’ which allows you to build equity in your home that you can tap into later in life. As a renter, you guarantee the landlord is the person with that equity.
Interest rates are still at historic lows, making it one of the best times to secure a mortgage and make a move into your dream home. Freddie Mac’s latest report shows that rates across the country were at 3.94% last week.
Whether you are looking for a primary residence for the first time or are considering a vacation home on the shore, now may be the time to buy. Let’s get together and talk about your options and see if buying is better than renting for you! 734-761-3060 or info@bouma.com. Start your home search here!
Recently, Freddie Mac reported on the benefits of homeownership. According to their report, here are the five benefits that “should be at the top of everyone’s list.”
Every three years, the Federal Reserve conducts a Survey of Consumer Finances in which they collect data across all economic and social groups. The latest survey, which includes data from 2010-2013, reports that a homeowner’s net worth is 36 times greater than that of a renter ($194,500 vs. $5,400).
In a Forbes article, the National Association of Realtors’ (NAR) Chief Economist Lawrence Yun reported that now the net worth gap is 45 times greater.
When you purchase a home with a fixed rate mortgage, the majority of the payment (principle and interest) remain constant. On the other hand, rents continue to skyrocket. Your housing expense is much more stable if you own instead of rent.
According to the Tax Policy Center’s Briefing Book -“A citizen’s guide to the fascinating (though often complex) elements of the federal Tax System” – there are several tax advantages to homeownership.
Most surveys show that a major factor in purchasing a home is the freedom you have to design the home the way you want. From paint colors to yard accessories, you don’t need a landlord’s permission to make the house feel like a home.
The National Association of Realtors recently released a study titled ‘Social Benefits of Homeownership and Stable Housing.’ The study explained:
“Homeownership does create social capital and provide residents with a platform from which to connect and interact with neighbors…Owning a home means owning part of a neighborhood, and a homeowner’s feelings of commitment to the home can arouse feelings of commitment to the neighborhood, which, in turn, can produce interactions with neighbors.”
There are many benefits to homeownership, in addition to these top 5. Have you been considering purchasing a home, but aren’t sure where to start? Check out our state-of-the-art home search here. If you’re ready to get out and view a few homes, contact us at The Bouma Group, Realtors today at 734-761-3060 or email info@bouma.com and we’d be happy to help!
Want to visit the gym more? Finally complete the home improvement project you’ve been working on? Save money for that new watch/car/house/vacation? January 1 is the perfect time to jump start your goals. If you’re like most people, according to Money Magazine, you probably have “stay fit,” “spend less,” or “enjoy the most out of life” on your list of New Year’s resolutions.
Did a few real estate goals make it on your list, too? You’re not alone. Here are a few of the most popular home-buying or home-selling goals, and a few tips on how to achieve them.
You’re ready to take that first step to home ownership in the New Year. You likely already have an area or neighborhood in mind, and you have a few features that you’d like in your new home.
How to keep it: Buying a home is a major project. It may be easier for you to achieve this goal if you set smaller, more manageable goals, such as putting aside money every month for a down payment, reviewing your budget, and researching reputable lenders. Continue reading →
For many first-time home buyers, the idea of a 20% down payment is terrifying. It’s one of the biggest obstacles to homeownership. Maybe you want to own a home some day, but the thought of saving up thousands of dollars for a home purchase has deterred you from seriously considering it.
Believe it or not, it is possible to save enough money for a down payment and make your dreams of homeownership a reality. Here are just a few of the ways that you can start saving.
When saving for your first home, you’ll need to stick to a budget. Awareness of how much you spend can help you figure out where you can cut your costs. Consumer.gov outlines a few tips for creating a budget here.
Even if you don’t plan to buy a home for a few years, figuring out how much you can afford will make your savings goal more concrete. Don’t forget to include taxes, insurance, utilities, and maintenance in your monthly payment calculations. Here is an affordability calculator to help. Continue reading →
Scrolling through online listing photos, scouting for the best neighborhoods, and pondering décor in your new home is fun. But the home search itself is not the only enjoyable experience; the entire home buying process can be pleasant when you have access to the best tools.
First determine what price, location, size, and any special features your new home must have. Then you can hone in on your favorite properties by searching for additional features that you would prefer.
What do you want your monthly mortgage payments to be? We have an easy mortgage payment calculator you can use to find out how much you can afford for a home. This tool takes into account the length of the loan, the interest rate, and annual tax and insurance to calculate how much you will pay every month.
Owning a home is a dream for many people. You have the opportunity to invest in a place of your own and build equity, not to mention carve out a space that reflects who you are and what you love.
However, worries about down payments, property taxes, maintenance, and insurance (and student loans) can make buying a home seem like wishful thinking, which is why you may prefer to rent a home or apartment.
But is renting cheaper than buying a home? There are more than just financial costs to consider. Let’s discuss the advantages and disadvantages of renting.
As a renter, you’re paying hundreds of dollars a month to live in your community, and if you want to move, it’s much easier. But renting a home doesn’t offer you investment opportunities.
Unlike paying off your home loan and building equity, the money you pay when you rent goes straight to the property owner or manager.
As this recent Forbes article explains, your credit score often does not factor in your on-time monthly rent payments, so renting a property is not a great way to build credit.
Additionally, renting doesn’t provide you with any tax benefits. If you own a home, however, you can deduct mortgage insurance and property taxes, and exclude capital gains when you sell.
Not all costs are financial. There are opportunity costs of renting a home instead of buying a home, and customization is one of them.
There may be rules and regulations in your rental community that prevent you from changing your space to fit your style, such as painting the walls or upgrading the kitchen. These rules may also prevent you from living with a pet.
Owning a home means you can create your own space (with your choice of countertops and kitchen cabinets), you can invest in home improvements, and you can live with your furry companion.
Forming deep connections with your neighbors is likely not high on your priority list if you’re a renter, especially when you consider that you will only be living in the community for a short time. If you desire to get to know your neighbors, home ownership is a better option.
Renting gives you flexibility and little maintenance to worry about. Buying a home is a long-term investment that gives you a space you can customize, helps you build credit and equity, and connects you with your community.
We want to help you make the best decision, and we have important real estate market resources that you can use to help you decide if renting is cheaper for you than buying a home. Just give us a call at 734-761-3060 or email info@bouma.com and we can talk about your plans!
If you are planning a wedding and still looking for your Las Vegas wedding photographer, the place to be Friday night is Veils, Tails & Cocktails where you can meet many of our photographers featured in our fashion galleries and in Real Weddings in 2014 Spectacular Bride issues.
While we had no images handy to post for these two Vegas photographers, they will also be at the show and have amazing work. Please make sure you stop by and visit them.
Posted in Wedding Inspiration | Comments Off on Come Meet The Photographers at Veils, Tails & Cocktails March 21
This entry was posted in Celeb, Lifestyle and tagged kawat gigi, sikat gigi by hasyim. Bookmark the permalink.
The Maison Metallo Candle is adorned with vintage Turkish swirls in luxe gold and filled with 11 ounces of highly fragrant coconut wax. Designed with a double wick configuration to generate a generous wax pool when lit.
There's some talk of President Bush falling off the Segway being a way to discourage people from using non-oil-based transporation. The article discusses how Segways are hard to fall off of, they're really easy to use, that no one gets injured from them.
It's all a lie. The Segway comes with lots of warnings about even though you really really want to step on, you need to watch the video. The video goes into all sorts of warnings about ways you can fall off -- and they're not the "don't put your cat in the microwave" sort of thing. These are reasonable things you'd expect to do on the Segway, but it doesn't support it.
I first tried the Segway on March 25. I watched the video first. And still, when I got on, it started oscillating back and forth. You need to practice just stepping on. I rolled along a few feet and hit something on the floor. And the Segway went crazy; I jumped off.
More recently, I tried the "e-series" Segway on June 6. (We have a "fleet" of them at work, mainly for their coolness; it turns out that in practice it's not faster than walking.) Even though I had practiced getting on the Segway, when I got on this one it started going crazy. It turns out that lots of people get hit in the shin when they try to get on. Imagine the Segway in front of you. You reach out, hold onto a handlebar, and step up. A natural thing to do when you're stepping up is to use the handlebar to help you up; you pull back on the handlebar. The Segway senses you're leaning back. It starts driving backwards. It hits your leg. Ick.
The way you turn on the Segway feels wrong to me. You twist something on the handlebar, like changing gears on a bike. Why not turn the handlebars? Or lean? Twisting a little circle on the handlebar caused trouble for me when getting on the e-series. The Segway started to move, I pushed back on the handlebar, but that made it turn too.
Anyway, the Segway is really cool, but I can't say it's entirely intuitive. Maybe Bush did fall off on purpose. But it's more likely that he too experienced the unintuitive process of getting on or off the Segway.
Milford Public Schools wanted to build a new competition gymnasium, music room suite and auditorium. After two failed bond election attempts, the district hired B-D Construction, Inc. as the construction manager. We prepared our own estimates for the owner, utilizing different roof systems and wall construction methods. After reviewing the options with the district, a new bond election budget was set. The board decided at the time of the bond election that the cost to finish the auditorium would not allow the voters to pass the bond. A decision was made to construct the exterior building shell only for the auditorium. The bond issue passed, and the remaining design of the project began as well as construction. Shortly after construction had begun, private donors offered the funds to finish the auditorium rather than just construct the shell.
The budget was based on using a pre-engineered S-Span roof system, clear spanning the gymnasium portion of the project with the roof system being supported by conventionally constructed walls. Other portions of the project had a standing seam roof system installed over conventional structural steel. Having experience in all of these types of construction, and more specifically the S-Span system, we worked with the design team to resolve construction details prior to completion of working drawings.
English, Chinese,Czech, Danish, German, Greek, Spainsh, Finnish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese,
in that case,your old SDconnect multiplexer C4 probably be locked,and you must send back your C4 for Repair.
2) Sentry: New software released by Ben--sz Company after 04/2009 by diagnosis new cars.( latest version 2016.9)
Farm & Fork Society member Beth K. went to Starbrite Farm a few weeks ago with her family and friends to harvest garlic with Farmer John. Learn all about it from her daughter Rina, Age 8. (Next Volunteer Day is Sunday, August 4th, 10 AM. Help with onion harvest. Email John at kruegerjohn@earthlink.net if you plan on attending)
After a 45 minute trip we arrived at Farmer John’s house. He was waiting outside. We talked to Farmer John for a while. After we were done talking we got back into our cars and he led us to the field. When we were at the field he led us to where the garlic was. Then he showed us how to pick the garlic. Then we started to pick the garlic. It was really fun!
Location: Wells Fargo parking lot in Millburn, NJ at the corner of Essex and Spring Streets behind Bhakti Barn Yoga
**You must be a vegetable share, fruit share, poultry full share, mushroom full share or bread share member to add on any supplemental share
By purchasing produce, meats, prepared food and/or products (the “Food”) from the Farm & Fork Society, you acknowledge that the Food is provided by Circle Brook Farm, Breezy Hill Orchards, Knoll Krest Farm, The Foraged Feast LLC, Bobolink Dairy & Bakehouse, Green Mountain Maple Sugar Refinery Co, River Bend Farm and any other farmer partners. As such, you forever release the Farm & Fork Society and its employees or volunteers from any liability and/or damages which you may suffer through the consumption of the Food.
Use the quick guide to search through our resource database. You can search by topic, setting, or keywords in order to find exactly what you are looking for. Choose a filtering mechanism above to get started.
Farm to school is taking place in all 50 states, D.C. and U.S. Territories! Select a location from the list below to learn more or contact a Core Partner.
Colorado has seen incredible growth in local food procurement by k12 schools in particular, in preschool and k12 school gardens, and in food systems education across preK to higher education. Forty-two percent of our school districts report some farm to school activity, and half of those schools have school gardens. Links to current activities can be found at coloradofarmtoschool.org as well as the "Movement Map" on the Colorado Food Systems Digital Hub. Colorado has focused its efforts on providing both k12 schools and producers the tools to navigate food safety, contracts, geographic preference, group purchasing, and more to increase sustainable, profitable relationships between schools and farmers of all sizes. Strong emphasis has been placed on evaluation of such programs and sharing of best practices across peer groups and through such state entities as the Colorado Farm to School Task Force. Multiple state partners have focused on farm to school related legislation in recent years and they will continue to support farm to school at the state agency level.
Arquivo Seleccionar mês Outubro 2018 Setembro 2018 Abril 2018 Março 2018 Janeiro 2018 Dezembro 2017 Outubro 2017 Setembro 2017 Agosto 2017 Julho 2017 Junho 2017 Março 2017 Fevereiro 2017 Janeiro 2017 Dezembro 2016 Novembro 2016 Outubro 2016 Setembro 2016 Agosto 2016 Julho 2016 Junho 2016 Maio 2016 Abril 2016 Março 2016 Fevereiro 2016 Janeiro 2016 Novembro 2015 Outubro 2015 Setembro 2015 Agosto 2015 Julho 2015 Junho 2015 Maio 2015 Abril 2015 Março 2015 Fevereiro 2015 Janeiro 2015 Dezembro 2014 Novembro 2014 Outubro 2014 Setembro 2014 Agosto 2014 Julho 2014 Junho 2014 Maio 2014 Abril 2014
Join us for a fun evening of professional networking co-sponsored by SCCLA, APABA, KABA, JABA, TAP, TALA, PABA, SABA-SC and LGLA with additional support from Veritext Legal Solutions and Superior Document Services (SDS). Newly elected San Gabriel City Councilmember Jason Pu will be the keynote speaker. This free event will include food, prizes, and sign ups for mock interviews. Please register online at SCCLA's website.
mandates a declaration of a National Autism Program, the conduct of an annual epidemiological survey
in prostate size resulting from testosterone therapy is not usually sufficient to cause any of the urinary
Federal Reserve will continue itsstimulus measures, which have propped up the equity market andeconomy for much of the year.
If your doctor suspects you have a bladder infection, he or she may ask for a urine sample to determine whether bacteria, blood or pus is in your urine.
salt bath to sweat it out Have you given any consideration at all with converting your web page into
lists in the Proposed Rule clearly are reasonably preventable in the hospital setting Indeed, the American
I suffer from horrible under eye circles as well as some acne scarring, but this product completely diminishes the look of those problems
200 mg prices efek samping I would like to wish the happy HRH family the very best, I hope that they
at ambient conditions to form a cured coating having a 20 gloss, measured according to ASTM D523-89,
Millionth of a pair off plus a pocket-size hand expression of orphan diseases are now has been 10 net 37 years of health experts how much does cialis cost at cvs view of smokers and intervention.
of land is always the same, then there is of course no evolution of property whatever Is Russias economy
Whether your issue is with cannabis, alcohol, tobacco, meth, heroin or prescription drugs…….You can do it I’ve seen dozens of seriously ill people get healthy
The ingredient list does not hint at any major potential side effects either, though there are some adverse effects associated with some of the ingredients.
Satriya dance is now well known not only in India but also all over the world in a new style and form consistent with the spirit of modern times.
I see nigger is used on this ad but that word is old and washed up .Black people have moved so far beyond
dewpoints in the low to mid-50s expected to begin today and last into the weekend it is good that people
Misoprostol reduces the risk of surgical evacuation by 60% and completes the early pregnancy loss faster than expectant management.
migraines affect 29.5 million Americans, and women are almost three times more likely to suffer from
After Flora, the only daughter, finishes art school, she returns to Eilean, resigned to her familial responsibilities
chicken products, prepared food sales andinternational chicken production. It felt good to do some yoga
Keep in mind that your patient may be struggling with cognitive impairment even if physical assessment findings and blood tests are within normal limits.
from theEunice Kennedy ShriverInstitute for Child Health and Human Development and the National Institute
Several months after the paper came out, I spoke and voted against the Medicare provisions in the Ryan budget.
“What I learned then is: don’t let people lose face, don’t try to do something publicly until you’ve tried every which way to do it quietly
affect European customers as the social network was forced to disable its facial recognition technology
Whole grains would definitely be a high approach of obtaining vitamin and mineral, fiber content, and additionally fats
As for the phone market, Google began selling the Nexus OneAndroid phone directly to consumers online
According to tradition, on April 21, 753 B.C., Romulus and his twin brother, Remus, found Rome on the site where they were suckled by a she-wolf as orphaned infants
as an example of extreme religious beliefs being imposed upon those who do not share them Thank you girls
Calibri is the default font in Word 2010. Even though it looks graceful on screen, it isn’t very readable because it is a “sans-serif” font meaning, it doesn’t have the small horizontal lines at the ends of letters. These lines help guide the reader’s eye easily across the page.
To change Word’s default font to something that is easier to read, press Ctrl-Shift-F or click the More Arrow in the bottom right corner of the font group to open the Font dialog box. Perhaps change the font to something like Ariel or Palatino Linotype, 12 point. Click Save as Default and then choose “All documents based on the Normal.dotm template,” Click OK to complete the customization.
If you are bothered by the way Word 2007 and 2010 have changed their line spacing, you can change this setting the same way you changed the default font. Press Alt-O, then P to open the Paragraph dialog (or click the More Arrow in the Paragraph group on the Home tab). Set spacing and other options, and click Save as Default. Go to the Page Layout tab, click the More Arrow in the Page Setup group to open the Page Setup dialog. Set margins and other page-layout settings, and click Save as Default.
ContactPointe was founded in 1991 as a Business Training and Managed IT Services company and we provide a full-range of business training services. We understand the technical details and importance of a well-executed training class.
I went to PASSION at Jln. P.Ramlee for F**k Me I'm Famous Party... well that was quite a while ago but what the hell. We had a blast and everything was fab surrounded by fabulous friends (and new friends) partying the night away like it was Saturday (nope, the party was not on Saturday). Oh! And we were supposed to come dressed up like celebrities. Sharwita was Nicole Scherzinger, Elvira was Lindsay Lohan and I was...just myself because I can't think of any celeb that looks like.
If you are not familiar with the name PASSION, you better get familiar. PASSION is one of the outlets at POPPY Collection which also houses Mandalay Lounge, POPPY Garden and Havanita Cigar Lounge. But most people just refer to it as Poppy.
I've been to several other events hosted by POPPY Collection, which I'm going to write about within the next few days (promise!). I have to give it to these people at POPPY Collection for coming up with cool ideas and set ups for their events.
You totally have to be there at the next one! Check out their Facebook page for more info: https://www.facebook.com/poppygardenKL/info
I am so ashamed of myself sometimes for abandoning this blog. But it is just so tough to find the time when I am doing bajillion of other things all on my own. And I was down with fever for almost a week. Now that I am feeling slightly okay, I just decided to pick up my laptop and just put some words together and post something up.
For the past few months since late last year, I have been reinventing my personal style. I’m 34 and sometimes I feel like there is no more look that I haven’t tried and no piece of clothing that I haven’t put on my body. But then I realised that I was wrong because fashion is evolving and we might be wearing the same pair of jeans or shirt today but it is how we wear them that makes all the difference.
I found myself going back to my mom’s and raided my closet (where I store all of my off season clothing) beginning to put them back on in ways that are different than I did nine or 10 years ago. My old denim shorts have been cut shorter and cuffed. They are …
Bjork's 2001 music video for Pagan Poetry caused a hell lot of a stir in the industry back then. MTV banned it of course and people were outraged by its graphic content of sex particularly the beginning of the music video which shows images of sexual acts like fellatio and vaginal penetration recorded privately by Bjork herself. But in the final cut of the video, everything was shown in computer graphic animation.
The video also shows disturbing images of body piercing and how tiny little pearls are sewn all over Bjork's body. She wore what was supposed to be a wedding dress by the late Alexander McQueen (RIP) which covers only the lower part of her body.
Although most of the close up images of the piercing was done on casted girls' body, Bjork did have her ear pierced on the set.
The strongest visual image in this video has got to be the final part when three hoops were pierced through the back of a woman's body with pearl-chain passes through each of them in criss-…
Bringing together two of the largest brands from the opposite ends of local streetwear spectrum, Pestle Mortar Clothing and Nerdunit recently unveiled their first joint effort. “Riot For Peace” showcases how the stylistic contrast between the two brands can be brought together in a cohesive design aesthetic. I was there at the launch of the collection held at 2, Hang Kasturi.
The collection features eight garments, two caps and three pins that come together to showcase the contrast of conflict and the flower power movement of the eighties. Marrying the soft pastel elements and hippie-inspired psychedelic designs of the “flower child” hoodie with the raw energy exuded from a leather biker jacket; The “Riot For Peace” Collection is a juxtaposition on a greater scale that transcends simple clothing design.The garments are versatile and easily ready to be worn by members of both sexes.
I teamed up with Xmastime for some video shooting on 34th Street a few weeks ago. Naturally it was raining, cold, and raining, until the end of the day and then the sun emerged full force. So please forgive my accessories meltdown. It was all there in the bag, wooden bangles, pretty earrings, fun sunglasses, but I forgot. All I could think about was how the shoes were getting ruined in the rain (Sanfrediano peep-toe wedges with cute bows, anyone? Size 38 1/2?) This is why poor Laura looks a little bare. Remember Laura from our Macy's graduation shopping trip? Well, check this out for more student makeovers and some great 34th Street finds:
Many BIG thanks to 3 Knights Media for shooting and editing (check out their website for more info on all the great production and design work they do), and big kisses to Xmastime, my comedian blogger without whom it would just be a girl talking about fashion, which is what we do all the time anyway. And lots of thanks to my extras, Lindsey, Jeffrey and Laura, who all braved a disgusting outdoors morning to sit in Greeley Square, drink coffee, and let me blather on. Aren't I lucky?
Very cool video! Your warm props (Greg, Laura, Lindsey & Jeffrey) were great, although I thought Laura might smack Greg when he did his commentary on her before & after looks! She is a doll, and you are outstanding! You're a star! Happy weekend to you!
yes, i've got to get Laura and Greg together again...we do have an outtake of her slapping him, I may have to try and get that up...thanks, TP, and have a great weekend!
Great video - I'm in the neighborhood if you need another guest blogger. I'm not as funny as Xmastime but i do know a thing or two about shopping 34th Street!
Love your clunky brown sandals, Trish. And what is your trick for the smooth shiny locks on a rainy Manhattan day? Do tell!!
Wow!! You are so cool and chic! I have only been to the great and grand city of NY twice, but it was wonderful and I can't wait to go back. And when I come, boy will I shop!!!
Thanks to all! hmm, the hair, I'm trying to remember what I did to it 4am that morning - I seriously think i used some shiny guy's product - leftover fashion week swag! Those chunky sandals are Gap pierre hardy, and when you guys come to new york you must let me know and we'll do a shopping story.
It's Friday and all I want to do is eat popcorn and watch a chick flick. Don't judge me! I love going out and I REALLY love my friends, but sometimes I love a night in even more.
My movie selection for the night is Pretty in Pink. I made the above look to honor the girly color and one of my favorite 80's flicks.
I love vintage shoes, but between the heavy wear and narrow fit, I have to indulge my wants with fabulous reproductions. Mary Janes, t-straps, peep toes, low heels. If it looks like it's from the 20s-50s, I'm there! I like to wear them with Victorian jewelry and funky outfit. How do you wear retro heels?
I've been waiting Anthropologie's ruffled bra and panty set to go on sale. What it lacks in the sex appeal of Anya's retro ensemble, it makes up for in cute ribbons and ruffles. The set is available in cream and pink, rose and black, or grey and black, but I prefer the dark of the latter to offset the sweetness of the look. The bra was $58, which is silly for a cotton, wireless sleep bra, but the price has dropped to $29.95. That's at least worth thinking about. $30 for panties, however, is still laughable.
Over a couple of fabulous martinis, becca and I were discussing how many people comment on our metallic shoes. (She has some gold heeled Frye booties and I have low heeled oxfords.) It's like they've never thought of gold or silver as belonging anywhere but on jewelry or a New Year's Eve dress. Not only do they snazz up an everyday jeans and tunic, but they can be used as party shoes too. (Yes, I would wear my oxfords to a party. I'm funky like that.) As you can see from my laments of craving below, metallics are my perfect shoe color.Top: silver cutout wedge, Jeffrey Campbell at Urban Outfitters $128 (Want!)
Gerweck.net talks to Christopher Daniels: TNA, never winning the world title, Russo, Dixie, Styles, WWE, ROH, GFW, and more
banan birkes brød bønner chokolade chorizo citron citrontærte dadler glutenfri grøntsager hindbær indisk jerf jul just eat real food kage kanel kartoffel kartofler kikærter kylling kål lakrids laktosefri lchf mandler muffins pandekager rugbrød salat sesam småkager sukkerfri sundhed sundt suppe søde kartofler tilbehør tærte uden gluten uden mælk vegetar yoghurt æg
Just ponder over the above question. There is no need to answer it now. In fact, the chief reason I ask it is to make you aware of the two main aspects of any web site: 1) the design/layout of the site which primarily determines how the site shows itself and 2) the "behind the scenes" technology components that keep the site alive and healthy.
If you are in the market to find someone to build a web site for you, make sure you find someone who has the creativity required for the design/layout aspect and the technical expertise needed for building the technology components. Both aspects are important and equally so. A strong blend of creativity and technical expertise is what you should look for in your web site development partner. "Don't fall for looks alone" is a good piece of advice for people seeking the right partner to create their website.
Make no mistake. The look and feel of your web site is very important. In fact, the look and feel of your web site IS the "user experience" of the visitors to your site. Obviously, better the user experience of your visitor, higher the chances of him/her turning into your online (or otherwise) customer. The key is to recognize and understand the fact that the "behind the scenes" technology components are equally important as well.
A website with a great look and feel but that does not stay up all the time or that does not function properly is not a great site at all. The technology used behind the scenes determines the performance and features of your site. Performance has two aspects: 1) perform to function i.e., functionalities programmed in to the website should perform as expected and 2) perform to speed i.e., excellent response times to user's clicks and inputs. Both these are determined by the technology used behind the scenes.
At GetACustomSite.com, our website design and development team consists of graphic artists (who do the creative work) and software engineers (who do the technical work). Each of the groups - graphic artists and software engineers - have decades of combined experience in their respective fields. They work together harmoniously to create web sites with great looks and robust technical health. You as the customer will get the best of both the worlds. You deserve great looks and great health for your web site. Create your own website today and try it risk free during our 30 day trial period.
Permalink:Looks versus Health | Posted under:web site basics | Tags:website look and feel,website design and development,website technology
GetBestSex.com - is our premium adult paysites review guide. It has a big collection of our favorite adult paysites and porn networks. We only pick the most popular sites we could find in every category, because we think they are the best and surely worth signing up with, we hope you'll like them too.
This site is about Teenage Nudists and Naturists, photos of their families and friends and nudist lifestyle. We collected thousands of photos and videos from the world's best naturists beaches and resorts. Teenage Nudists has many categories, such as nude girls with their parents, teens together with their boyfriends and girlfriends, male nudists, sex on the beach, topless beach movies, our own exclusive beach shootings, daily updates and much more...
Nudist-Young.com is a site that is bringing the world of hot nudist beaches into your home and on your devices. At this website, everything is dedicated to those free and uninhibited babes who like to feel the sun kissing their skin everywhere on their bods, not just where the society wants them to. Feast your eyes on some of the hottest nudist and naturist vids and pics that you will see. These girls do not care what the world things � they want to get naked on the beaches and we love them for it. The pics and the vids that you will find here are all exclusive and 100% real. This is a place where we all enjoy in those toned and tanned naked bodies and where you will feel at home in no time
A kick-ass open air party. Booze and cunts for free! This is the most massive amateur garden party ever! Wonderful Czech girls. Drunken and frisky. Alcohol is streaming everywhere. Forget about your outdated moral principles! This is a full-on orgy! Perverted Czech amateurs open their pussies to every taker. A full-blown group sex at a garden! A nightmare for all starchy neighbours. The largest amateur party you have ever seen! This is something you will never forget!
Nudist-Video.net website was launched in 2011. All the video files shot on nudist beaches are filmed in High Definition Video format . Everything about free and careless lifestyles of young nudists, everyday life and holidays of Freikorperkultur (FKK) resorts, video reports about the adventures of naturist clubs frequenters.
WTF Pass for all sites for one low price! The hottest girls, HD quality, and new faces. The hottest porn videos are added daily! Exclusive hardcore material from the best porn network!Here you find an absolutely fantastic reality network with exclusive high definition videos featuring naughty coeds with sex toys in action while also naughty amateur couples shooting their public flashing and crazy sex for private video collection
The hottest porn videos are added daily! The hottest girls, HD quality, and new faces. Bangbros Network has the best porn ever for you to watch unlimited amounts and download any video we have ever shot!
MyXXXpass features blowjobs videos, live cams and xxx scenes from teens, Milfs and porn stars! Join 8 Great XXX Blazing sites: are included in your membership
Famous Brazzers Network All Sites! Low Price! Brazzers is HD porn at its best with exclusive videos updated daily. The hottest scenes filled with big tits, sexy milfs, top pornstars and special events.
GroupSexGames.com: Sex games turn into group sex parties. Watch HD (group) sex game videos featuring hot pornstars, great settings, fun games and steamy hardcore sex games. Let's play a game!!!
On a lovely summer day with perfect beach weather we meet beautiful girls that didn't mind becoming models for our next nude beach photo session. We were very excited having good-looking girls pose for us. And so were the models! We enjoyed snapping their very feminine bodies from each angle and in so many poses.
The largest swingers event in the world, full of amazing Czech amateur pairs - no fakes and no script! Each evening is full of fresh girls and we let everything happen casually and without any restraints. You'll see a truly wide range of people of all age categories, everybody fucking each other. Multiple cameras, including a POV cam, wild emotions, intimate confessions and more... We know you'll enjoy!
is about girls who are playing around with guys. All models are from the UK and that gives the site unique story-lines. Join these hardcore British CFNM sex games!
fantastic handjobs and blowjobs, girls sex toys, guys solo masturbation movies, all in one place, highest quality photos and videos!
This place epitomizes everything that the word nudism brings to your mind's eye: lovely sunny days spent outdoors by the sea or riversides, tanned and well-toned bodies of uninhibited hotties frolicking out in the sun, FKK (Freikorperkultur) fun, socializing and sharing the lifestyle that is as close to nature as it can possibly be.
Thanks to generous government incentives, you can now get a highly efficient Solar PV system installed in to your home completely free of charge. Join 100,000's who have already taken advantage!
Because of the UK governments 'generation tariff', approved installers are now able to install highly efficient solar pv systems in to qualifying homes for free. That's right, there is absolutely no cost to you, the home owner.
The installing company take the payments from the 'generation tariff' to cover the cost of the install and they'll also fully maintain the system over it's lifetime to ensure it's running at its maximum efficiency.
So, for absolutely no cost, you can slash your utility bills by up-to as much as 50% and also do your bit for the planet by generating your own clean, green electricity. Sounds good, doesn't it?
The minute your free solar system is installed, you will start to see the savings on your bills. It is instant.
All free solar installs are carried out by MCS approved installers. So there's complete piece of mind.
Solar PV systems convert day light from the sun in to electricity. The panels on your roof harness the power in DC form, it then flows through an inverter, which converts it in to AC, allowing you to power appliances in your home and slash your bills by up to 50%. Any excess is then sold back to the grid as part of the 'generation tariff', this is what the installer will claim to cover the cost of the install and the on-going maintenance of your system.
Even when the sun isn't shining, Solar PV systems will still generate electricity. This is because the photovoltaic panels only need light, not 100% sunshine. To give you an idea of its success, Germany are the world leaders in solar with over 1.4 million systems currently installed and their climate is very similar to the UK's.
The property which you intend to install solar on to must not be listed, or owned by a council or housing association.
Your roof space must be structuraly sound, not be heavily shaded by trees and/or surrounding buildings.
We've been helping home owners throughout the UK to access quotes and incentives for a whole host of home improvements ranging from new boilers and solar panels, to free boiler replacement grants by using a network of content-rich, and extremely informative websites.
By utilising our fully approved database of installers, we are able to put you in touch with those who can help you, fast. What's more, because we constantly monitor our customers feedback, you can rest assured knowing that you're enquiry is in safe hands.
Solar funding is available for a limited time only - All statistics quoted taken from Energy Saving Trust.
Apple Mobile Prices Asus Mobile Prices Blackberry Mobile Prices Google Mobile Prices Htc Mobile Prices Huawei Mobile Prices Lenovo Mobile Prices Lg Mobile Prices Meizu Mobile Prices Motorola Mobile Prices Nokia Mobile Prices Oppo Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Sony Mobile Prices Vivo Mobile Prices Xiaomi Mobile Prices Zte Mobile Prices
CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY GLOBAL AFGHANISTAN ALBANIA ARGENTINA ARMENIA AUSTRALIA BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BRAZIL BRUNEI CANADA CHINA EGYPT FRANCE INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRELAND ISRAEL JAPAN KUWAIT MALAYSIA NEPAL NETHERLANDS OMAN PAKISTAN PHILIPPINE POLAND QATAR RUSSIA SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SWITZERLAND UNITED ARAB EMIRATES UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES
If all of this is true then Samsung gonna face serious consequences because their devices did not changed a bit. Apple's iPhone XS Max has the OLED display which mean that display of this phone will be just like the other phones but size of the panel is greater then all other Apple iPhone XS's siblings.
It seems that this time they have changed their strategy and instead of only two variant they are ...
Which was proved to be a huge hit. The iPhone Xs is rumored to have a similar design with a few modifications in its features.
The 5.8 inches front screen is made of highly polished curved-edge stainless steel band surrounding a durable all-glass body available in three color variants. All of the variations will feature a black front panel.
iPhone Xs is expected to be very handy and will conveniently fit in hands. Its Super Retina display adopts OLED technology for lively colors and million-to-one contrast ratio. It has a resolution of 2436 x 1125 pixels.
All of the iPhones normally have 1 or 2GB of RAM but iPhone Xs breaks the tradition by featuring an upgraded RAM of 4GB. Depending upon the customer needs, iPhone Xs has three variants in terms of in-house memory. ...
Apple is reducing cost of iPhone XR to it the cheapest phone of this year from this brand. We always saw that most of the devices from this brand are expensive but now things are going to change with Apple iPhone XR and now you will see a cheapest phone with lots of high end features.
This phone will be the younger in list and its prices is also less then the other two. Apple's iPhone XR got the 6.1 inch display on its front side which is using LCD display instead of OLED panels from the Samsung which is going to reduce the Apple iPhone XR's cost and give you high end experience while watching movies and videos on the screen.
Apple brought twist in the iPhone X design and now for the lovers of this brand is going to watch a totally new design in their next product which is going to reveal very soon. Apple iPhone X is the speculated to be a gift of their 10th anniversary and it brought some new features and new types of specifications will be revealed in the leaked specs sheet.
Apple's iPhone X is all about the perfection and it seems that it will bring the full screen display that we never saw before in any other predecessor of this renowned brand. Apple iPhone X's design is refreshed and now very small bezels just like the edges of a Samsung. Instead of old fashioned IPS panels now Super AMOLED matrix is used in iPhone X by Apple which they gonna buy from the leading ...
Apple has finally unveiled giant iPhone 8 with the addition of new Plus version. This new flagship smartphone from the world's top brand has got so famous before its launch and million of eyes were waiting to take a look on the unique design of Apple iPhone 8 Plus.
Finally the giant has came to light so that it will rock your world. Now its up to you that is this gadget is according to your desires or not? With the launch of Apple's iPhone 8 Plus company has achieved a new milestone. Apple A11 chipset is installed in this phone that was not used before in any other device.
Quad-core processor stuffed on top of Apple iPhone 8's chipset that acts as the key part of any device or system. 5.5 inch Super AMOLED capacitive touch screen is installed ...
Apple presents enhanced version of iPhone 7, comes with features of a Plus. The amazing phone packs the most powerful chipset built by Apple till date i.e. Apple A10 that comes with dual core processor setup making Apple iPhone 7 Plus one of the fastest smartphones available in the market.
3GB RAM is embedded to provide users with better performance than the standard built and Apple's iPhone 7 Plus has a better camera built of 12MP on rear and 5MP on front that allows the user to snap best photographs on both sides of the screen
Apple iPhone 7's camera feature include Phase Detection, OIS, HDR and panorama and both the cameras are capable of recording videos at F-HD. 5.5 inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display is provided in the iPhone 7 Plus by Apple with 3D touch capability and ...
The wait is over after a long time so get yourself ready for Apple iphone 8 which is the best hit from its manufacturer Apple so far. We have already heard that this phone has revised design and rumors are indicating that the Apple's upcoming new iphone has integrated home button for latest 8.
On front a fingerprint scanner is placed below the screen while the front camera is located on the top of Apple iphone's 8 display. Well in year 2017 you will see with your own naked eyes that world's leading brand has improvised and adapted total new method for construction of iphone 8.
Hexacore processor is embedded on the top of the latest chipset Apple A11 while iOS 11 is running inside Apple iphone 8's veins. Protected by the Sapphire crystal glass and oleo-phobic coating 4.7 inches LED-backlit ...
This is 7 Carrying some strikingly expressive & innovative enhancements to the whole Apple iPhone 7 experience, the new series announces "the most anticipated Apple Smartphone ever" it is equipped with a much more advanced camera, long-life battery and impressively loud speakers.
Apple's next generation iphone is a proud all rounder, The 7 is claimed to dunk in the water as it is splash resistance and has a most colorful and crisp display. The looks are powerful as well, Apple iphone's 7 achieves a new height of innovation with it's waterproof unibody jet black finish, equipped with an extensively modified home button.
IPhone 7 comes in two types of finishes, a glossy jet black and a simple matte finish. Apple has used aluminum to construct these beasts and the new Apple iphone 7's models are now also available in rose gold, ...
Apple introduces small but powerful iPhone SE smartphone. Packed with best iOS available till date that runs on the improved Dual-core processor along with 1GB RAM, running on the powerful A8 chipset to provide the users of the great Apple iPhone SE with the best iOS experience till date.
12MP camera with phase detection, 1/3.2" sensor and 1.75 µm pixel size along with LED flash are embedded on Apple iPhone SE's rear so that every captured moment is at its best. On the front is 1.2 megapixel camera for a superior quality Facetime and skype calling.
On your marks, ready steady go! Coming to you the fall of 2015, the new Apple iPhone 6S is about to receive the biggest hardware update of all "Apple S" versions. More speed, more memory, a new screen and a better camera.
The latest version of the predecessor is now called Apple’s next generation iPhone, which is by far the best. 6s is rumored to be in expansion stages with the biggest speed boost. the integrated processor of Apple iPhone's 6s would be an A9 CPU made by Samsung, the cores are still unknown but according to Bloomberg it is produced using the 14nm process. Also, another new and most welcomed update is that iPhone 6s will have two gigabyte of RAM instead of just one.
Change is inevitable, Apple plans to reveal iphone 6s Plus and being one of the most iconic products of the company, it comes with many upgrades. With rounded edges, Apple has created a masterpiece, there is no doubt, wrapped in a piece of aluminum the all new 6s ensures a comfort fit.
Apple's products are always identical in design and only differs in either size of iphones with increased length & call them Plus or placement of iron pieces around the borders and bezels. Apple's new smart devices could be a real eye-opener for who want a real smartphone, as 6s plus is the phone of the future.
A stylish plate of aluminum and glass could've been better, if the design department had visualized 6s Plus in a better way. Equipped with a conventional liquid crystal displays, according to a new leak, ...
2007 Harley-Davidson VRSCAW V-Rod Info- Manual transmission Clear title This harley is in very terrific condition Custom work Leathers Helmets Upgraded exhaust Slipper clutch on the bike Some parts included Very beautifully maintained Never dropped or laid down Located in Kenwick WA Financing Nation
Race Tuner, Cam Work Done, Custom Exhaust, All Service Records With Bike 2002 Harley-Davidson® V-Rod®
I am selling my vrod due to the fact that me and my girlfriend need a bigger bike for us to ride. I love the bike but need a bigger cruiser for us and this bike has had the screaming eagle exhaust and stage one upgrade done. And also I just put new tires on front and back 600mis ago and has had alot
2007 Harley Davidson VRSCAW V-Rod Customized bike 5445 original miles 2nd owner Garaged and babied Never any damage or dropped LED Lamps Upgraded exhaust Unit is located in Brentwood CA. Financing Nationwide Shipping and Warranties available to qualified buyers. Stock #: C166889Y1
2007 Harley Davidson VRSCAW V-Rod Customized bike 5445 original miles 2nd owner Garaged and babied Never any damage or dropped LED Lamps Upgraded exhaust Unit is located in Brentwood CA. Financing Nationwide Shipping and Warranties available to qualified buyers. Stock #: C166889Y
2003 Harley-Davidson V-ROD VRSCA V-ROD VRSCA - McHenry,Illinois for sale in 1903 IL Route 120, Mchenry, IL 60051, USA
send her a call at (657) 549x1196 Make: Harley-Davidson,Model: VRSCA MotorTrike,Harley-Davidson VRSCA MotorTrike, we have a 2005 V-rod with a Motor trike conversion,Class: Motorcycle,Mileage: 21,753
Curfew hours in Kaduna have been reviewed. Effective tomorrow, Thursday, 25th October 2018, residents of Kaduna are free to pursue their legitimate business from 6am to 5pm. Dusk to dawn curfew will be enforced from 5pm to 6am daily, until further notice.
A statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor (Media & Publicity), Samuel Aruwan, made available on Wednesday, 24th October 2018.
The Kaduna State Government took the decision to review the curfew hours following a meeting today of a select committee of the State Security Council. The heads of the security agencies reported significant progress in restoring calm and commended residents for the peaceful manner in which they conducted themselves during the four-hour relaxation of the curfew in parts of Kaduna yesterday. The Government is grateful to our citizens for their cooperation while withstanding the unintended inconvenience.
Government expects normal banking and other services to resume, and markets to open as normal as from tomorrow. The security agencies will remain vigilant and continue to protect residents. Intensive surveillance of known pockets of potential trouble is also continuing, by troops on the ground and by helicopter patrols.
It is obligatory on residents to scrupulously observe the night-time curfew hours, to keep the peace and to cooperate with the security agencies to keep our state safe. Community leaders are enjoined to ensure that hoodlums and other potential threats to peace are promptly reported to the security agencies.
Government therefore urges all residents to report any suspicious activity to the security agencies and to refrain from spreading rumours and unverified information. The Security Council advises that there will be no hesitation to reimpose a 24-hour curfew in the event of any breach of the peace.
AUTHENTIC News Daily is a publication of Jatuski Communications. no portion of this publication may be lifted in part or as a whole without permission from the Editor.
His Beatitude Archbishop Nourhan Manougian the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem sent the following letter of condolences to His Holiness Pope Tawadros II the Pope of Alexandria and Patriarch of all Africa in the Holy See of St. Mark:
Posted in Condolences, His Beatitude, News items	| Tagged Alexandria, Bombings, Cairo, Coptic Orthodox Church, Egypt, His Holiness Pope Tawadros II, mourning, Palm Sunday, Tanta, Terror Attack
His Beatitude Archbishop Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem sent the following letter of Condolences to His Excellency Mr. Shein, the Ambassador of the Russian Federation in Israel:
Today, on the Feast of the Birth of Virgin Mary, we also celebrate the Independence Day of the Republic of Armenia. Happy Anniversary, Armenia!
On Thursday September 21, the Armenian Church celebrates the Birth of Virgin Mary, Mother of God. In the morning we celebrate Divine Liturgy at St. Mary’s in Gethsemane.
Posted in Armenia, Diaspora, Feasts, News items, Virgin Mary's tomb	| Tagged Birth, Feast, Mount of Olives, Virgin Mary
Remember The Genocide The World Forgot (a Footsteps Friday reflection) August 4, 2017 / Russell Smith website Mr. Russell Smith This post is part of a series reflecting on my Pilgrimage to the Holy Land. The Pilgrimage was a guided experience called “The Footsteps of Jesus” – every Friday, I’ll Continue Reading →
Unexpected Discoveries written by Khoren Bandazian July 15, 2017. The time before a vacation is hectic. Especially if you are going to be away for a while. Before my trip to Israel I was very busy and didn’t get a chance to think or study where we would be going Continue Reading →
On July 8, 2018, the Armenian Apostolic Holy Church celebrated the Feast of the Transfiguration of Our Lord Jesus Christ (Vardavar). The Feast was celebrated properly in the churches of the Armenian Diocese in Georgia. Everywhere in the Armenian churches, the Divine Liturgy was celebrated on the occasion of the feast and sermons were told about the mystery of the day. At the end of the Divine Liturgy, the traditional game of pouring water was not forgotten. The spilling of water on each other made a joyful mood. On the occasion of the feast, pilgrimages to the various sanctuaries both in Motherland and Armenian - populated regions of Georgia were organized.
On the occasion of Transfiguration of Jesus Christ, Spiritual Superintendence of Akhaltsikhe of the Armenian Diocese in Georgia organized a pilgrimage to the ruined chapel called “Mother Church”, located near the village of Tsughrut.
The sanctuary has been a place for pilgrimage for centuries, especially at the Vardavar Feast, but in recent years the Divine Liturgies were not celebrated there.
In order to complete the mystery of the feast, with the divine providence, the centuries – long silence was broken and replaced by the Divine Liturgy.
In the Holy “Mother church” chapel the Divine Liturgy was celebrated by Rev. Father Torgom Vardanyan, pastor of Akhaltsikhe and nearby settlements.
Rev. Father Hakob Sahakyan, spiritual superintendant of Akhaltsikhe and Borjomi regions preached properly about the mystery of the day and once again told about miracles that occurred in our days with a number of Armenians which had come to visit the “Mother church” chapel.
At the conclusion of the Divine Liturgy, the pilgrims congratulated each other on the occasion of the Feast of Transfiguration of Our Lord Jesus Christ (Vardavar).
Kunena, translated from Swahili meaning “to speak”, is built by a team of open source professionals with the goal of providing a top quality, tightly unified forum solution for Joomla.
আর্কাইভ Select Month October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 February 2017 November 2015 October 2015 January 2012
We do inventory the A290-8112-X382 ceramic pinch roller; this item is suitable for use on a variety of Fanuc wire edm machines, including models OiA, 1iA, OiB, and 1iB (AWT/Manual). 80mm diameter x 22mm thick. Click on the link for details and pricing.
We inventory 100's of items for Fanuc wire edm machines, including the 12mm diameter shaft, according to OEM No. A290-8110-X373. Click on the link for details and pricing. This item is in our inventory, available to ship quickly!
We do stock the A290.8109.X753 sub-die guide. This item is suitable for use on Fanuc series "C" and "iA" machines. Click on the link for more details including pricing. In stock, can ship immediately!
When you need replacement wear and spare parts quickly, we hope you consider us as the best source in the U.S.A.
That includes the 20EC080A702 insulation bushing (click on this link for more details, including pricing).
For those that require fast shipment on replacement wear and spare parts for Fanuc model wire edm machines, we want you to know that we do stock a variety of sub die guides.
We have added a new product to our product mix. It's according to OEM part number 200422631, which is a Cover for the wire chopper assembly on a Charmille wire edm machine. (click on the link for more details). This part is also known as 135009529.
So when quick shipment, excellent quality (made in the USA), and great prices are what you are looking for, consider us as a great source for your requirements. Same day shipment is normal with us...from coast to coast, we get your purchases to your quick!
We're very proud to be able to provide our clients with hundreds of different replacement wear and spare parts for Mitsubishi wire edm machines.
In fact, for your information, we do stock hundreds of replacement parts for Mitsubishi WEDM's in our inventory.
That simply means that we can provide you with ourstanding service, quality products, competitive priciing on your purchases!
Without a doubt, I believe we offer more replacement wear and spare parts for Charmille wire edm machines, than anyone on the internet. From bearings, diamond guides, solenoid valves, flush nozzles, gears, cutter knifes, and a whole bunch more!
So what's that mean to you? A wide variety of wear parts (several hundred in fact), prompt shipments of our products, excellent quality, and very competitive prices!
We've also added another solenoid valve to our product mix this week. It's the OEM number 200446784 solenoid valve. (click on the link for more details and pricing).
We added a couple of new products this week. This particular product is a 200446785 solenoid valve, typically used on selected models of Charmille wire edm machines. (click on the link for more details, including pricing).
Another new product that we've added to our replacement wear and spare parts, is the M-1613 wire processor housing. Click on this link for more details, including pricing on this item.
ADVANCE TECHNOLOGY INC., provides Professional Contracting, Leased Labor and Custom Fabrications at a fraction of the cost you would spend on recruiting, benefit packages, workers compensation, retirement, liability, and disability insurance. ATI has a screening and training process that assures first class trades ready to start work immediately and work until the job is completed. Our customers have relied on ATI for solutions for their complex problems dealing with labor shortages, custom fabrications and supplemental help. Recruitment is currently done nationwide to accommodate the growing demand for the Industrial and Marine Industries.
We have over 20 years of Job Placement, Custom Fabrications and Customer Satisfaction in the Industrial and Marine Industries. Just ask our customers. With one of the largest pools of Skilled Craftsmen we can supply your fabrication and labor needs at a moments notice. Finding the right skilled worker for an employer’s job or whether it's finding a job for a skilled craftsman, ATI is a leader in this category and consider ourselves partners with the employer and the client.
Our business is dedicated to providing superior service to all of our customers. We believe our customers are the most important part of our business now and in the future. Contact us to learn more about our company and to discuss a specific project.
Allowing Advance Technology Inc. staff to supply skilled craftsmen, build a custom fabrication job or hire on an employee of ours, you can rely on ATI’s dependable and innovative ways to solve all problems 24 hours 7 days a week. We will help your company build and market its services to customers with our reputation and credibility of being on time, safety trained, our skill is leveled to the highest standards, within your budget and of course we are a drug free environment. With one of the largest pools of skilled craftsmen in the United States, we pride ourselves on quality workmanship, not the number of employee’s, but on the best employee for your job.
Home | About Us | Our Services | Employee Benefits | Terms and Conditions | Clients | Contact Us | On-Line Appliciation
How do you like our services? Do you have any questions or concerns? Our business depends on your feedback, so please let us know what you think.
From leading breakfast radio star Christian O’Connell comes a brilliant and laugh-out-loud story of an ordinary boy with an extraordinary secret radio show. (Broadcast from his shed.)
It is very appropriate at this moment when radio has taken the country by storm, and aroused an enthusiasm never before equaled, that the possibilities for boys in this art should be brought out in the interesting and readable manner shown in the first book of this series. Radio is still a young science, and some of the most remarkable advances in it have been contributed by amateurs - that is, by boy experimenters. It is never too late to start in the fascinating game, and the reward for the successful experimenter is rich both in honor and recompense. Just take the case of E. H. Armstrong, one of the most famous of all the amateurs in this ountry. He started in as a boy at home, in Yonkers, experimenting with home-made apparatus, and discovered the circuit that has revolutionized radio transmission and reception. His circuit has made it possible to broadcast music, and speech, and it has brought him world-wide fame.
Series fiction about wireless and radio was a popular genre of young adult literature at the turn of the 20th century and an early form of social media. Before television and the Internet, books about plucky youths braving danger and adventure with the help of wireless communication brought young people together. They gathered in basements to build crystal sets. They built transmitters and talked to each other across neighborhoods, cities and states. By 1920, there was music on the air and boys and girls tuned in on homemade radios, often inspired by their favorite stories. This book analyzes more than 50 volumes of wireless and radio themed fiction, offering a unique perspective on the world presented to young readers of the day. The values, attitudes, culture and technology of a century ago are discussed, many of them still debated today, including immigration, gun violence and guns on campus, race, bullying and economic inequality.
A hilarious, illustrated middle-grade adventure about a superhero with no superpowers! "Should appeal to readers who enjoy the Captain Underpants and Wimpy Kid series.†? - School Library Connection When Murph Cooper begins his new school several weeks into the year, he can't help but feel a bit out of his depth. And it's not because he's worried about where to sit, making friends, and fitting in. It's because his mom has accidentally enrolled him at a school for superheroes. And unlike his fellow students, who can control the weather or fly or conjure tiny horses from thin air, Murph has no special abilities whatsoever. But Murph's totally normal abilities might just be what the world needs. Because not far away is a great big bad guy who is half man and half wasp, and his mind is abuzz with evil plans . . . and when he comes after the best and the brightest, it's up to Murph to be the real hero. With black-and-white illustrations throughout, this laugh-out-loud story proves that heroes come in all shapes and sizes.
Come along, Bill; we'll have to get there, or we won't hear the first of it. Mr. Gray said it would begin promptly at three. "I'm doing my best, Gus. This crutch -" "I know. Climb aboard, old scout, and we'll go along faster." The first speaker, a la
In 1923, after learning Morse code and setting up his own amateur radio station, a twelve-year-old boy sends a message that leads to the rescue of a family stranded by a hurricane in Florida, in a tale based on the author's father's experiences as a young ham radio operator.
Boy, a hunchbacked goatherd, is content in his quiet country life. But when a shadowy pilgrim arrives on the farm, his world is turned upside down. Secundus enlists Boy as his servant, plunging them both into a perilous treasure hunt - but there is more to the pilgrim's quest than meets the eye ...
Aspiring to win a cash prize that will help his family avoid eviction after his father passes away, seventh-grader Benjamin Epstein uses his flair for clever slogans to participate in a contest being run by a bathroom tissue company. Simultaneous eBook.
'A fascinating story full of innocence, achievement, ambition and trust' Ellen MacArthur 'Extraordinary' Clare Balding Longlisted for the William Hill 2018 Sports Book of the Year Award The poignant, life-affirming story of a determined boy, a visionary coach, and how the dream of a record-breaking Channel swim became reality Eltham, South London. 1984: the hot fug of the swimming pool and the slow splashing of a boy learning to swim but not yet wanting to take his foot off the bottom. Fast-forward four years. Photographers and family wait on the shingle beach as a boy in a bright orange hat and grease-smeared goggles swims the last few metres from France to England. He has been in the water for twelve agonizing hours, encouraged at each stroke by his coach, John Bullet, who has become a second father. This is the story of a remarkable friendship between a coach and a boy, and a love letter to the intensity and freedom of childhood.
Grunt is a great way to automate our development processes. Sometimes we have to rely on some packages either they are NPM package…
PrimeQuote can help you find life insurance, health insurance, group health insurance, homeowner's insurance, renter's insurance, business insurance, or auto insurance in La Mirada.
Since 1998 PrimeQuote has helped millions of insurance buyers around the country - including in La Mirada - find affordable insurance. We can help buyers in La Mirada find the right policy at the right price.
Whether you're looking for renters insurance in La Mirada, or auto insurance in La Mirada, or any other type of insurance in La Mirada, PrimeQuote can provide you with a free La Mirada quote. Our goal is to provide you with 5 competitive insurance quotes, from companies licensed to sell insurance in La Mirada. Most of these quotes will come to you via e-mail within minutes.
PrimeQuote ® works with hundreds of partner companies around the United States, some of whom can issue insurance policies in La Mirada. We provide quotes on a range of insurance products, including renters insurance, auto insurance, home insurance, and so on. Because PrimeQuote ® is a consumer service, not an insurance company, your insurance quotes will come from several competing companies. This allows you to pursue the policy that best meets your needs. So let's get started finding the perfect La Mirada insurance policy for you! While it is helpful to have your current insurance documents available, it is not necessary. Our process:
You receive your La Mirada insurance quotes, and if interested, select the company that's right for you.
Manuals Warehouse is your source for copies of owners manuals, service manuals and other documentation on audio, music, stage and studio equipment like:
One of our SQL servers was running low on disk space and I needed to quickly find the largest files on the drive to know what was eating up all of the disk space, so I wrote this PowerShell line that I thought I would share:
If you are still only running PowerShell 2.0, it will complain that it doesn’t know what the -File switch is, so here’s the PowerShell 2.0 compatible version (which is a bit slower):
Just change ‘C:\SomeFolder’ to the folder/drive that you want scanned, and it will show you all of the files in the directory and subdirectories in a GridView sorted by size, along with their size in GB, MB, and KB. The nice thing about using a GridView is that it has built in filtering, so you can quickly do things like filter for certain file types, child directories, etc.
Strongly sign your Visual Studio extension’s 3rd party assemblies to avoid assembly-loading errors at runtime
Yes - but only to a certain extent. The HCG (human chorionic gonadotropin) hormone is a remarkable molecule which is very unusual because it is produced only by the cells that will become the placenta of the developing embryo (trophoblast cells). Once the embryo implants in the uterine lining, these cells start producing HCG. It takes a few days for the HCG hormone to build up in the body to a level, which is high enough for it be detected in the blood or urine of pregnant women. Normally, you do your first pregnancy test (HCG blood test) 14 days after embryo transfer.
At this point, if the embryo has implanted, you will also get a positive urine pregnancy test. The HCG hormone level in the blood doubles every 48-72 h. If the HCG level doubles well, this indicates that the cells of the embryo are dividing well, suggesting that the pregnancy is progressing normally and is healthy. This is why monitoring the HCG blood levels during the first few weeks helps to make sure that the pregnancy is advancing as expected. A drop in HCG level during this time is a sign that the pregnancy is not healthy. Make sure that you measure your HCG level in the same lab each time to avoid discrepancy in the results.
While all IVF patients understand with their heads that not every IVF cycle results in success, in their heart of hearts, every patient exp...
One of the commonest questions patients ask me is - " Doctor, what are the dos and don'ts after the embryo transfer ? " They ...
As any IVF patient will attest, the 2 week wait after the embryo transfer are the longest 15 days in your life. All the action and the exci...
For infertile women, AMH ( anti-Mullerian hormone, also known as MIS ( Mullerian inhibiting substance) has become the standard marker for e...
A fear which is wide-spread among IVF patients is – will my embryo fall out if I stand up or walk around after the embryo transfer ? T...
Sample letter to a doctor : " When you are asking for help from a doctor you have never met, but have determined is an expert on your p...
One of the old wife's tales which still plagues every IVF patient is the myth that they need "strict" bed rest after the embry...
If you have gone through IVF, you may have heard your IVF doctor or embryologist say - “Some of your embryos stopped developing (got arr...
Many gynecologists advise ovulation tracking as the first line of "treatment" for infertile couples. This seems to be sensible ad...
Sample Letter to Request Health Records : Your medical records are your property ! However, many patients are scared to ask doctors for a co...
It's hardly surprising that patients find IVF treatment overwhelming and confusing. This is why they often end up making errors in taking their medicines as well
If you need help in organising your life during your IVF treatment, you can download the Free IVF treatment calendar app at www.myfertilitydiary.com
Do you adore penetration? Have you generally wanted to uncover your G-spot or attempt some anal pleasure? Do you will need clitoral stimulation to have an orgasm? When you choose what definitely turns you on you will know which kind of toy to select.
There is a distinction involving a dildo and a vibrator. Dildos are penis substitutes. Vibrators on the other hand are not. At least I have by no means come across 1 that buzzed and if I had I would have married it!! Dildos are for these amongst us who adore the feeling of becoming penetrated. And boy do they come in all sizes from a modest six inches to foot longs. Once more this comes down to private preference just never overlook the lube.
If you, like most ladies, will need additional than just penetration to orgasm then a vibrator is certain to get you there. A sensation like no other, every single lady must attempt a vibrator at least as soon as in her life. A vibrator can be utilised externally and it can be utilised for penetration. Pick out a vibrator with multi-speeds so that you can adjust it to suit you. I would advise you chose a vibrator that has distinct pulsations as the alter in pace can incredibly speedily bring you to orgasm whereas complete on vibrations can turn out to be a small numbing immediately after a whilst. If you have by no means utilised a vibe ahead of you will be added sensitive so distinct speeds and pulsations can quit it from becoming as well intense. For the ultimate in pleasure I would advise you select a vibrator that has a clitoral attachment as effectively. These vibrate on your clitoris whilst the shaft is vibrating inside you. Heaven!!! We have all observed the significantly publicised “rabbit” as featured on ‘Sex and the City’ and they are well-known for a cause. These include small balls that rotate just at the entrance to your vagina, the head rotates and the bunny ears stimulate your clitoris. The Mini i-Vibe is 1 vibe I would very advise.
A fantastic way to begin out in the globe of vibes. Clitoral stimulators can be utilised alone or with your companion throughout sex. As he penetrates you from behind he can attain about with the toy in his hand, to heighten your pleasure. It adds a entire new dimension to sex. You can even use it on him. Trace it involving the skin involving his balls and bum to drive him wild. Once more I would advise you select a clitoral stimulator that has adjustable speeds. And use your imagination with it. They are for external use only but discover your physique with it or let him discover your physique with it. Attempt it on other erogenous zones and see how superb it feels.
If you have ever wondered if your G spot exists right here is your answer. G-Spot vibes typically bend or have a hook shaped finish to hit that superb spot a couple of inches in on the front wall of your vagina. Everyone is raving about the Rock Chick and it did not win very best adult toy for practically nothing. The thought behind this rather strange hunting U-shaped vibe is that you insert and rock til your hearts content material. Vibes now come in hands no cost! The U shape signifies that it can stimulate your G spot and your clitoris at the exact same time.
Surprisingly to several ladies, there is significantly enjoyable to be had with anal play. With lots of patience and lube this can be immensely pleasureable. If you want to attempt this with your companion, employing a vibe can be a fantastic way to begin. Practising with a vibe signifies that you are in manage and also signifies that you can get utilised to the feeling of getting one thing there. It is incredibly significant that you chose a vibrator that has been particularly created for anal use. These vibes are flared at the bottom to keep away from the object becoming sucked up and an embarrassing trip to the emergency ward!
This will rely on private preference and spending budget. What material do you like to really feel against your skin? Are you allergic to something? How significantly are you prepared or capable to commit?
Jelly dildos and vibrators are the most affordable solution but have a tendency to give off milder sensations than silicone or plastic as they absorb the vibrations. It is also encouraged that you use a condom with jelly vibrators, specifically if you have sensitive skin.
Plastic vibes are challenging and have really effective vibrations. The material can imply that the vibrations are pinpointed in a specific spot or spread across a significant location but the intensity of the vibrations can from time to time turn out to be a small numbing. Variable speeds are very encouraged. The other drawback of a plastic vibe is that they are noisier than other toys but they are simple to retain clean as their surface does not absorb physique fluids.
Healthcare grade silicone is the most recent and safest in vibrator supplies. Absolutely hypoallergenic this material feels soft and smooth against the skin, is simple to retain clean and permits for intense vibrations that can spread across a bigger location as they very easily resonate by way of the silicone. Healthcare grade silicone is additional highly-priced than rubber or plastic but effectively worth it.
Note that silicone vibrators can not be utilised with silicone primarily based lubricants or powerful alcohol wipes.
Metal vibrators are also protected, simple to clean and can be utilised for internal and external stimulation but they have a number of added advantages. Metal vibrators have a weight that can significantly boost pleasure when employing for penetration. The material also causes the vibrations to resonate in a distinct manner which provides off a noticeably distinct sensation. They can also warm up and be cooled down which adds a further dimension to their potential to pleasure. Their only drawback is that they can be pretty highly-priced.
I never imply rip open the packaging and make your self comfy on the shopfloor! However it is very best if you can really feel the material and the vibrations ahead of you acquire. I would advise you get your girlfriends with each other, book a sex toy celebration, attempt ahead of you acquire and ask concerns.
/Were pretty exhausted after climbing Wudangshan but of course there was things to see on the next day- like good Chinese tourists. We went for a walk - no matter how achy the legs were.
In Nanyan, there is a palace, and a temple - made of surplus of the other temples up the mountain. And dragon peek ridge os for those to light incents and possibly to die dropping into the cloud. AS many other pilgrims Of taoism have done for centuries.
Just like everywhere else on the mountain, we cannot see much - we decided on this week and it happened to be clowdy and rainy. Mountain will always have its last say. In whatever form.
«The U.S. military doesn’t have a short-range air-defense system nearly as capable as the Pantsir. This is because the American ground forces have been able to count on the Air Force to clear the skies of aerial threats».
By using our website you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy.
Auto-Air Colors™ is the pioneer brand of water-based, custom colors and airbrush paints. Proven, durable and brilliant, Auto-Air Colors are continually developed with the latest technologies and materials. Auto-Air Colors is the largest, most progressive VOC compliant custom automotive paint in the world. Check out our latest developments such as 4030 Balancing Clear - a urethane, mix additive for creating acrylic-urethane hybrid paint that performs better than traditional solvent-based paints.
Pearlescent and Metallic Colors are pearl base coats. For graphics and base coat application, they’re best applied as a mid-coat over a color-keyed AutoBorne Sealer base.
Start with a color-keyed AutoBorne Sealer for best orientation. Auto Air Pearlescent & Metallic Colors lay down flat with an even pearlescent orientation when applied over a color-keyed base color as opposed to a white or black base. By color – keying with the base color, less material is required which reduces the build-up of pearlescent that creates a mottled, splotchy finish. Using minimal amounts of pearlescent is key to achieving an even pearlescent finish. It is also important to allow for adequate drying time in between coats of Pearlescent & Metallic Colors so that each coat lays down in an even pattern. If the underlying coat is still tacky, the next coat’s pearlescent will accumulate along the underlying coat’s pearlescent pattern and develop channels of pearl which will create a mottled appearance. Color-keying the Pearlescent Colors with the underlying base color saves not only material, but allows for quicker drying times due to less material per coat and an even orientation in the finish.
On average, 2 – 3 coats are required for complete coverage. Orientation will benefit from a drop-coat after full coverage has been achieved. Reduce psi by 7 – 10psi and apply a single, cross pattern coat.
Allow each coat ample time to dry. When the pearlescent powder in the underlying coat is truly dry, the next, wet coat’s pearlescent powder will not accentuate the underlying pattern resulting in “channeling” of pearlescent in the finish. Applying a well-orientated coat in an even and consistent spray pattern that is properly atomized is essential to a achieving a great finish. Using with a color-keyed AutoBorne Sealer makes this much easier when painting helmets, bikes, cars and any large paintjob.
Pearlescent and Metallic Colors are best applied with a large tip-sized airbrush or spray-gun. Refer to Hard Surface Application Guide for further application information.
For technical support regarding issues not covered online or in our Auto Air Technical Guide or any product related issues:
Generally, 4030 is added in greater amounts to candy2o when using a spray-gun compared with an airbrush.
Both 4011 and 4012 can be used to thin candy2o after mixing with 4030. 4012 is faster compared to 4011.
Stop Bleeding by applying 4040 Bleed Checker over candy2o to prevent bleeding [leaching] of the dyes into top-coated colors.
Auto-Air Colors and its corporate likeness are trademark protected identities of Createx Distribution, LLC.
At BioMetrics, we do our best to see beyond the physical needs of our patients and also act as a resource for what may be a new world of both opportunities and challenges. For this reason, we provide our patients with educational and life enhancement information.
A glossary of helpful terms (since being unfamiliar with the industry lingo may make people uncomfortable).
An extensive listing of free manuals covering a wide range of topics we make available to our patients.
We’ll do our best to keep adding helpful information, so please check back regularly. We also invite you to send us any links you believe might be a good addition to this education section of our site. Please contact BioMetrics if you have any questions or to request any of the informational manuals.
A Certified Practitioner is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. All regular office hours are 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Monday – Friday
In 1969 at the age of seventeen I lived in a home which had been in my family since just post WWII in the Berg...
I bought a property in a rural area, it was up on a hill. We built a new home there. We must have disturbed so...
I live in Bayonne. When my daughter was about sixteen years old, she used to get up every morning and tell me ...
When my daughter was about 13 she was in bed one night and was woken up by a presence. She said the woman was ...
Feb 14 2013. I woke up in a good mood and I went to the bathroom and I heard a voice and I did not know what ...
In Bayonne Park there was this weird black figure in the tunnel thing by the baseball fields. I happened to ha...
One day I was sitting in the living room when someone walked past my front door. My dog began to bark really l...
There's a place where a young boy hung himself after the girl he loved cheated on him ... I lived on the same ...
When I lived on 18th Street in Bayonne NJ the people told my mom that her father died before we moved in. But ...
There is a ghost in my cousin's room that is preventing him from sleeping in there and every night before bed ...
Cycling ghost in Huson county park. And teen ghost in Bayonne High School. If walk around the high school at n...
I am a Bayonne New Jersey author. My book about hauntings is sold on Barnes and Noble and Amazon. Hauntings wh...
There was a bright light in the sky last night at about 11 pm. It looked like a giant torch in the sky. I just can't believe I was the only one who sa...
If this is a comment on an existing sighting please use the link named ''comment on this'' at the end of that sighting.
Tổng quan về Giải Thuật và Lập Trình bao gồm các thuật toán và độ phức tạp của thuật toán. • Đánh giá thuật toán bằng: – Công cụ toán học sơ cấp. – Thực nghiệm. – Hàm sinh. – Hoán vị. • Đệ quy ...
Marisa was born in Lisbon, where she currently lives, although actually her roots are from up north. She studied Human Resources, Marketing and Management and has now found herself working at Galp Energia. After having been diagnosed with several health problems she decided to change her life for good. Inspired by the phrase “a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step” she change her eating and sports habits and began to devote herself to alternative therapies. She is a Reiki therapist since 2013 and also a Multidimensional and Radionics Tablic therapist.
Now that you know how our network was born, I want to tell you all about our values and principles which guide our work and help us choose our network’s people and their talents.
Think about that shirt you’re wearing right now. You may know what it’s made of or even where was it produced, but does that really tell you anything? Think about any other thing you own such as your car, your make up, your furniture… It can be whatever you want. We really wanted to change that, so we took the first step and asked those talented people we knew where their materials came from: some of them had amazingly sustainable production processes but their raw materials were bought from producers with unethical practices; others had major problems with waste production; while others had “sustainable” written all over their chain!
The process I just described is what we like to call sustainable curation. We are fierce in discovering and leveraging small producers with beautiful products and sustainable practices all over their value chain. So when we find out our talents’ products don’t match our values (but we still want to show them to the world because they are so amazing) we work with these people and help them find their way to sustainability. This means we help our talents find new suppliers, reuse their waste, make different choices and ultimately get better results! Some of our talents are preparing exclusive collections with sustainable materials while others are in the middle of the process of discovering how to make all of their beautiful products in this new way.
Remember when I told you about how we are daily bombed with information we don’t even know how to assess? When I was talking to Joana about all of this, she started telling me how she would love to create a website where people could see the real people behind the products they bought, with lots of photos of their workshops and video interviews about them and how they produce the things they sell. That way people could really know where the stuff they buy comes from and who made it, making a well-informed decision before buying anything. So we realized we we’re preparing ourselves to develop a project that at least had two different paths – an online store with amazing, beautiful, handmade, artisanal and sustainable products to sell and a blog which would not only show who was making those products but also address other issues. That curation process I was telling you about also applies to the content our network produces. We invite our bloggers to share their knowledge and life experiences that will match our values and add happiness to our readers’ lives – fresh perspectives of the same old ideas, new approaches that no one has ever heard of or even controversy issues are just some ideas trough photos, videos, music and sound, text or any other means they find appropriate.
By doing that we are decreasing the spacing between producers and buyers and also connecting people who look for a more responsible, fairer and happier lifestyle. We soon realized this was a major differentiator of our project and also very soon we knew we needed a third path to balance our strategy – and that was when Matilde told us how she was planning to bring that connection from online to our offline lives.
Rita is a co-founder of A MONTRA / THE WINDOW and responsible for the teams’ much needed reality-checks. She made her first life-changing decision at 26, by quitting her job to manage this project. Proudly born and raised in the suburbs of Lisbon, and an expert in corporate social responsibility, Rita has been working in big companies and small consultancy firms since she left college in 2010. Passionate about theatre since she was five, spends most of her spare time acting, producing or rehearsing plays. Even though she doesn't like sports and considers herself a fast-food-kind-of-girl, she’s making an effort on getting healthier.
There are apps that get strangers to deliver your food, apps for strangers to give you advice, and apps that set you up with your next romantic partner. There’s even an app that allows strangers t...
H&M in-house brand Arket has confirmed it is testing a new product integration powered by blockchain technology developer VeChain. In an email to Hard Fork, an Arket spokesperson said the clothing...
Now that the second season of 'Castlevania' is out on Netflix and is suitably great, it seemed only fair to talk with Adi Shankar who brought the show about and find out what plans he has fo...
CableLabs, the research arm of the cable TV companies, revealed Micronets, which uses enterprise technology and AI to improve network management in homes.
Police think Alexa may have witnessed a New Hampshire double slaying. Now they want Amazon to turn her over.
Alexa might have been listening, as she almost always is, when Christine Sullivan was stabbed to death in the kitchen of the Farmington, N.H. home where Sullivan lived with her boyfriend on Jan. 27, 2...
At an even in Beijing, Intel debuted the Neural Compute Stick 2, which packs a Myriad X system-on-chip it claims has an 8 times performance advantage.
Director's Recognition Awarded to Hendrik's Greenhouse and Freeman's Herbs for all of their support and community integration for over 10 years.
Halloween and trick-or-treat may be a lot of fun for us and our kids, but it can get downright scary for our four-legged friends! Beware of these common pet hazards this time of year as … Read More »
ESC Congress of Cardiology. Effects of Chronic Use of Sildenafil on Exercise Capacity. 2007. (Congresso).
Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, has been under political asylum at the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012.
The chairman of the Democratic National Committee has announced the introduction of a lawsuit against the Russian government, the Trump campaign and Wikileaks for having "attacked American democracy" during the 2016 elections.
Because of the exact attention a study composing activity requirements, it might make sense four a student to recruit the aid of a professional statement creating business that is capable of handling their precise record assignment. You’ll have to be descriptive when writing a study. An real laboratory report should constantly be according to your own findings alone. It’s insufficient for a study creating firm to say this’s effective at inventing reports in a wide range of places. Our specialist experts have specialized in many different areas and are completely capable of making up high quality educational dissertation. This guide was created to supply an overall intro to writing reports. Poetical sayings are needed within the authorship of an essay where as vision isn’t needed within the authorship of the report. Contrary to composing an essay, imagery isn’t needed within the authorship of the statement.
Fortunately it is possible to learn how to build an excellent essay in case you can follow the traditional routine and create in a crystal clear and organized manner. In here you may see examples on different matters in some particular formatting types and of different types of essays. Get your kid to write a concise listing – strategy of the issues that their essay has to cover. Yes, they are able to write an essay on each subject you may possibly require. Basically, it may be said you will need to be creative when composing an essay. Don’t try and include everything within an article. Actually a brief strategy is preferable to no plan whatsoever, and surely may start to supply the author a sensation that finishing an article on such topic is entirely nicely in their hold. In here you’ll discover plenty of helpful tips about composition writing process.
We’re conscious that if you elect to use online creating help, you think to be sure you pay money for a good first document. In addition, It shows the reader which you are thinking about his or her respect of your own writing, which will be some thing that you simply’ll really would want to do. Accept the following academic assignment you’ve got and set your mind to help relieve. Composing in a group may be difficult, but it’s also a superb opportunity to understand your own issue, the composing procedure and the best strategies for cooperation. It’s not a secret that each assignment must be submitted punctually, in case you aim to receive any score. This really is actually the reason regarding why pupils seek online statement article writing aid from business organizations. The composition needs a position on the matter and might provide some context for discourse.
It requires a position on the problem and may provide a broad framework for discussion. The composition requires https://www.paper-helper.org/ a place on the matter but doesn’t provide a context for discourse. It requires a place on the problem and may provide an essential framework for discourse. There is minimum acknowledgement of the counter argument to the author’s placement. You’ll never must turn to an alternate article writing support. Pay attention to the specific problem within the prompt is preserved throughout lots of the article.
First few lines of all posts of last 24 hours | of past 30 days | of 2002 | of 2003 | of 2004 | of 2005 | of 2006 | of 2007 | of 2008 | of 2009 | of 2010 | of 2011 | of 2012 | of 2013 | of 2014 | of 2015 | of 2016 | of 2017 | of 2018
The Keynesian left goes astray, believing that the crisis of investment and activity results from the simple greed of the holders of capital. It is not enough to move the masses of money from tax havens and securities portfolios to the state and wages to stem this crisis. It is the capitalist system that must be challenged. ---- After thirty years of exceptionally strong growth in the wake of - or because of - World War II, the economy turned around in the capitalist economies of the late 1970s. The latter then began to decline for many decades. The radical left attributes this situation to the ideological shift operating in the 1980s under the name of " neoliberalism ". ---- According to this left, the ruling class would have set up a vast financial system whose purpose would have been to capture the collective wealth at the expense of productive investment, employment and wages. The flight of capital into speculation would then deprive society of its resources and the State of its room for maneuver, irresistibly generating debts and deficits. For their part, the liberal parties in power would mask the reality of this shareholder coup d'etat, replacing the sempiternal denunciation of social costs. Judged too high, they would cut the employers of the means to play their social role of creator of wealth.
Marx has developed a theory of capitalism that makes it possible to vigorously challenge this reading of events. Liberal and social-democratic critics are similarly false. According to him, capitalism is irremediably destined to crises whose intensity must necessarily reach, at certain times, unsustainable levels. His analysis involves the " wealth " of " work ".
However, contrary to an all too common interpretation, it is not a question of wealth and work in the general sense but of their specifically capitalist form, as it is carefully stated in the first chapter of Capital . The author establishes that " capitalist wealth " represented by " goods " and represented in " money " depends on the " amount of labor power " spent on manufacturing.
This type of wealth grows when this type of work also grows. The work in question here is the " abstract labor " reduced to a simple quantitative expense of muscle strength, nerve and brain as opposed to the " real work " quality, which refers to technical skills. This quantification by the abstract " time " of work is the objective element of the commensurability of the goods and thus bases their exchangeable character on the market.
However, each particular capitalist strives to reduce the amount of labor involved in the production of his own goods in order to improve his position in the competition. We can imagine what would become of the
value and money if all production was fully automated: it would result in a world where the socializing function of the merchant exchange would no longer play. In the current technological context, the overall increase in work has become insufficient. For their part, emerging economies whose production relies on technical devices lower than those of the advanced economies do indeed involve more human labor, but on the basis of precarious wages confined to slavery.
The downward trend in the rate of profit, a well-known central motive for Marxism, reflects the relative problems of the increasing technological replacement of human labor. The extension and deepening of capitalist relations can slow down this decline. Similarly, the reduction of salary costs and the lengthening of the working day. Another way out is the massive devaluation of capital which, after having caused the criminal devastation of civilization through great crises and wars, allows a new cycle to begin.
The situation has become critical again, we said. Indeed, the microelectronic revolution that took place at the turn of the 1970s-1980s tipped the system of accumulation of value into inextricable difficulties. An ever greater amount of capital has been idle, which has pushed the capitalist intelligentsia to implement the famous financialization of the economy. Its function was to drain the savings made available to concentrate it and try to assign it to more or less promising industrial and commercial activities. Having learned from the failures of the past in crisis management and fearing their disastrous social and political consequences, Financial engineering has been sophistication sophistication to push the diagnosis of bankruptcy as far as possible. The expansion of globalization and free trade will not suffice.
In the context of monetary interventions based on the manipulation of interest rates or the purchase of public and private bonds, credit and indebtedness have been able to swell in such extravagant and unseen dimensions, fueling speculative bubbles fueled market production. US public debt now exceeds $ 20 trillion and China's debt accounts for 250 % of its GDP ! The growth of this beginning of the millennium could be doped in a totally artificial way. But thus, and contrary to the speeches of the left-wing parties, finance has not been the enemy of a fundamentally healthy trading order; it turned out to be a providential crutch, and for that reason represents a blunt condemnation of capitalism itself.
The Keynesian left goes astray, believing that the crisis of investment and activity results from the simple greed of the holders of capital. It is not enough to move the masses of money from tax havens and portfolios of securities to the state and wages to stem the crisis. In fact, the labor expenditure punctually increased as a result of these movements should increase again, and so on perpetually - which the new technical standards of production no longer allow. Faced with the bad figures once in power, the left sooner or later renounces the thunderous promises held the day before. It is only in the situation of a collapse of the markets that state interventionism and the repatriation of capital will return to the agenda, and that with the consent of the possessing classes. It can also be ended the period of fiscal license that benefit the major groups involved in the trade war. This re-regulation will not constitute a policy " of the Left "but simple rational measures to save capitalist relations. They will not bring about general well-being, only a lesser temporary evil called for certain subsequent degradation. Nevertheless, he will always be in the world to salute in this poor event the final victory of reason. Let us remember that the tutelary figures of the reformist left: Keynes and Roosevelt, are part of the wake of the most disheveled liberalism.
Capitalist wealth does not lend itself to " sharing ." As it consists of commodities, it proceeds through " exchange " and therefore requires continued pressure on wages. The class struggle finds its objective foundation here. The slogan of sharing " wealth "Keynesian reformulated in the desire to see capital reinvested in activity and employment has become totally obsolete. The concentration of money in the hands of a few large groups as well as its artificial swelling by the processes of globalized finance give the impression that profitable investment would always be possible and capable of initiating self-sustaining growth. But this impression is false and we must go beyond a hara on the " rich " By bearing the iron of the criticism against capitalism and its fundamental structures (merchandise, abstract work, money, state, etc.), in other words against the illusory accommodations of the reform and against any belief in a lasting compromise of class which thinks to be able to return a certain fringe of the protest movement. The crisis of capitalism is not the crisis of the established power, which could even be reinforced and find support if necessary on its wing " left ".
Next by Date: (en) freedom news - Greece: Free Transportation For All: A paradigmatic anarchist campaign in the difficult years of Syriza
Crawl-For-A-Cure 2018 presented by BPCChassis, RC Country Hobbies and NorCal Crawlers (NCC). All proceeds are going to the American Cancer Society. The Crawl-For-A-Cure is a Scale Endurance format event promoting teamwork, adventure, and fun!
Be sure to show off your best American Cancer Society themed RC for the "Concourse at the Lake". Award will be given for the best in show!
At about 10:31 PM, Saturday, June 29th 2013, officers from district B-3 (Mattapan) responded to a radio call for a Person Shot in the area of 144 Harvard Street Dorchester.
On arrival, officers located a male victim outside suffering from an apparent gunshot wound. Officers were directed inside the business, where a second male victim was also suffering from an apparent gunshot wound. Both victims were transported to Boston Medical Center for further medical treatment and are in non-life threatening condition.
Homicide detectives are actively investigating the facts and circumstances surrounding this incident. Anyone with information is encouraged to call detectives at (617) 343-4470.
Community members wishing to assist this investigation anonymously can do so by calling the CrimeStoppers Tip Line at 1(800) 494-TIPS or by texting the word ‘TIP’ to CRIME (27463). The Boston Police Department will stringently guard and protect the identities of those who wish to help this investigation anonymously.
Disclosure. Maple.libramiarona.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking Maple.libramiarona.com to (amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com). Amazon and the Amazon logo, are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
, size. Visit for more information. Get 5 in rewards with. The Serta Perfect Sleeper has been engineered to help solve five common sleep problems. Get free shipping at Overstock Your Online Furniture Outlet Store Serta Mattresses on sale King Queen Full and Twin sizes in any comfort Plush Firm or Pillow Top. Dont miss out on better sleep with this Serta Revival Firm Mattress. Shop for Serta Revival Firm.
There are quite a lot of authoring styles, subjects and topics which you could get; consequently, it’s actually a complicated task seeking to examine some university dissertation. Per contra, when ever evaluating, a number of standard requirements the essays ought to accomplish. When you are grading one, it is necessary that most people read particular points, inclusive of grammar, style, content and structure. Additionally, you will need to take more time. It happens to be quite readable through a better composition?nstead of note down what you are doing; nonetheless for you to measure these essays properly, everyone will need to go through these very carefully.
After all, these essay assignments may just be fairly distinct from people you in secondary school. Actually, you will be wondering if you have an individual process or system permanently article writing a greater tier. In fact, writing essays in an excellent amount is usually something that can require quite a bit to build employed to since requirements tend to be more careful compared to they ended up with earlier assignments. Naturally, there are always to produce you can perform so that some sort of composition is a great a. For one thing, concerning excellent essay writing you want to assure just write if you have this mindset for the. That can be described as thing which various students never take on involved. If you happen to make an effort to complete research, proofreading or indeed right when you’re, and or angry, you can find a progress for the poor usually nonexistent.
Independent of the language skills and conntacting the client’s erratic guidelines, you’ll have the following qualities: (i)
As i ask myself the concern “Is it accurate to help you label some pattern with thinking ‘effective’, ” We answer “No. ” Your label “effective” does NOT identify ANY characteristic of ALMOST ANY thought BUT, actually, that represents some person experiencing that thought engaged in evaluating the communication increasingly being labeled “effective. ” Review that sentence at the very least two more times, please! Consequently?nstead of becoming descriptive of some warning of a few written or verbal transmission, applying the word “effective” is, more accurately, a statement together with the persons evaluation in the penned or verbal shared head. So to create use of “effective, ” I’m actually looking to converse my evaluation of some thing BUT, instead, I’m corresponding that I’m describing some characteristic (which doesn’t really exist) in the “thing” — this doesn’t happen raise the chances that another will build up this perception of my communication I’m expecting these individuals to build up, did it?
Should you have a credit card applicatoin composition to finish although you’re bound by various commitments, do not delay- employ professionals. They will rise above enter check, grammar and punctuation to be certain ones essay is up to the aim. In all probability a top quality article written smoothly and cohesively. Writing credit cards applicatoin essay may just be tricky. This job is for the best left to professionals trained in with the tips of the pros.
Your youngster is produced now and it has be described as a collage student. Precisely what is the solution that gets place in your report on assignments? It could be the heath insurance protection for ones infant. If you do not need insurance coverage that covers your higher education going kids,?t’s going to become really important to locating some health insurance policy for your child. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/young-americans-twin-debt-problems-marriage-and-college-2016-05-26
On February 8, 2018,	Posted by Editorial Team ,	In News,	With Comments Off on Slovakia becomes EMBL member state
EMBL welcomed Slovakia as its latest member state on 29 January 2018. The accession of the Slovak Republic to EMBL emphasises the organisation’s commitment to promoting European science and collaboration among researchers.
As a member state, Slovakia will receive access to all EMBL’s services and facilities. Its new status will also allow Slovakia to vote in EMBL’s Council, the laboratory’s governing body, where important decisions about the organisation are made. Up to two Slovakian delegates will join the Council contributing to shape EMBL’s future programmes.
Since 2014, when Slovakia became an EMBL prospect member state, the ties between the two parties have become stronger: EMBL and Slovakia have applied for joint grants, contributed to joint publications. To stimulate collaboration with the Slovak research community, EMBL held a Workshop at Comenius University Science Park (UCSP) in Bratislava, Slovakia, in 2017.
Measurements of volatile organic compound (VOC) fluxes and concentrations were taken at the UMBS FASET and PROPHET atmospheric towers. These measurements along with computer modeling will characterize the effects of forest succession on VOC fluxes to the atmosphere. Measured VOCs are isoprene and a-pinene.
Modelling forest growth, succession, and biogeochemistry to study the effects of disturbances on forest carbon cycling
Andrew Turnipseed of The National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) assisted in equipment calibration and use as well as data analysis.
Ecuador's foreign minister confirmed Thursday that her country granted citizenship to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in December.
The United Kingdom"s government on Thursday turned down a request by Ecuador to grant diplomatic status to the founder of the pro-transparency group WikiLeaks, a Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesperson in London told EFE.
Ecuador's foreign minister said Tuesday that Quito may pursue mediation to resolve the standoff between the South American nation and Britain over the fate of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has spent more than five years holed up at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London.
Colorado Crossroads - Search for free rooms and guaranteed low rates in Salida and book your stay at hostel Colorado Crossroads
Colorado Crossroads - Search for free rooms and guaranteed low rates in Salida and book your stay at hostel Colorado Crossroads - Colorado Crossroads
To ask for a price-no expense cross state moving price quote, bear in mind to call us on the web or merely call 202-469-3728 currently.
No worry specifically just how brief the choice, transferring functioning day is disorderly. Permit DC Community Movers & Going Solutions, do away with a few of the stress and also tension by looking after the product packaging, packaging, unloading, along with transport on your own.
Is generally a cross area move the duties? For any individual that is moving previous Maryland, Washington, DC, along with Northern Virginia, however staying inside the Mid-Atlantic Area, work together with DC Regional Movers & Relocating Providers, to be able to help guarantee an effective cross country action.
Despite whether you could be moving to Maryland, DC, or Northern Virginia from yet an additional Mid-Atlantic explain or one more means around, we can sustain with both beginning and also website choices. Our objective needs to be to obtain your moving as investing budget-pleasant along with problems-cost-free as feasible, so we provide 2 substantial alternatives: total-assistance far-off transferring and also labor-only Option.
To obtain your completely cost-free neighborhood moving quote, keep in mind to merely call us on the web or get in touch with 202-469-3728 now.
We have actually beaned concerning Given that 2004, along with within the a long period of time Given that, we have actually started a credibility for offering remarkable buyer therapy. Our years of functioning experience teaming up out-of-condition moving's are just exactly what It's vital to simplify the moving strategy in addition to reduced your panic diploma.
Our objective is developing your moving as stress-absolutely cost-free as feasible despite the fact that nevertheless staying in simply rate variety technique. This is why we provide both labor-only in addition to entire-assistance Option to satisfy our customers' varying require.
DC Neighborhood Movers provides neighborhood transferring choices inside the Maryland, Washington, DC, along with Northern Virginia areas. We have actually currently genuinely remained in company supplied that 2004, as well as furthermore inside the a number of years given that, we have actually acknowledged a track record for using fantastic buyer assistance. If you wish to team up with a completely Qualified, stuck, along with specific moving company in Maryland, DC Community Movers is outstanding with the get the job done.
From the initial box filled for the extremely last home furnishings item established with your manufacturer-new house, comprehensive-provider transferring specials with all starting as well as place transferring solutions. Correct Here is precisely just what we provide:
For a totally cost free workplace transferring price quote, make certain you telephone us on the internet or contact 202-469-3728 now.
Precisely just what does one seek instead of job moving companies? You most certainly require an extremely well-coordinated group That is still arranged and also showcases efficiently. You inspiration a Qualified, stuck, and also validated company to manage your crucial workplace components along with home furnishings developing given They are equipped in eye-catching difficulty.
. Despite the measurement of one's organisation, workplace going could be a delicate placement that requires check here requiring target information. At DC Nearby Movers & Relocating Products as well as solutions, we provide the efficiency as well as similarly accuracy required for an effective moving.
Enable DC Area Movers & Relocating Companies, get rid of most of the anxiety by taking great treatment of the product packaging, packaging, discharging, as well as transport on your own. DC Community Movers provides area transferring options throughout the Maryland, Washington, DC, along with Northern Virginia locations. For those that intend to run with a totally recognized, stuck, along with guaranteed transferring company in Maryland, DC Neighborhood Movers is best for the do the job.
DC Neighborhood Movers provides area transferring alternatives inside the Maryland, Washington, DC, in enhancement to Northern Virginia locations. If you desire to work together with an absolutely Qualified, stuck, in enhancement to specific moving company in website Maryland, DC Community Movers is fantastic with the do the work.
As soon as you pass on DC Community Movers for your carry out, these are usually the highest possible qualities you obtain hold of. Our objective is to develop check here your activity go as efficiently as feasible so you may handle your workplace running with as couple of disturbances as feasible.
At DC Nearby Movers & Relocating Products and also solutions, we provide the effectiveness and also accuracy essential for an effective moving.
Containers and product packaging goods-- We offer cardboard packaging containers, bubble handle, bed mattress baggage, moving treatments, along here with numerous various other product packaging services right after wish.
Product packaging along with prep finish the job-- Let's fill your points entirely or partially, based upon your choices. Home furnishings disassembly and also similarly concealing are Furthermore included to get more info give the supreme defense within the moving.
Packaging-- We handle the lots of considerable training to start with area, hauling containers, home furnishings, art work get the job done, along with a lot even more curved concerning the moving vehicle. We pack the auto rather thoroughly and also on top of that efficiently to create finest usage of location along with guarantee danger-totally totally free transport.
Auto and also on top of that transport-- Entire-services transferring strategies we provide the moving automobile together with create it for your manufacturer-new house. This leaves you free of charge to take a trip powering the auto or associate your actually have automobile.
Releasing-- After we get to the last location, we UN box the cars and truck, restore your home furnishings, as well as hand concerning products specifically where they stem from make setup much easier to match your demands.
At DC Area Movers & Transferring Expert solutions, we provide the performance in addition to accuracy necessary for a reliable moving.
Our objective is to assist make your moving go as capably as feasible so you might maintain your workplace handling with as couple of disruptions as feasible.
DC Community Movers provides neighborhood moving options throughout the Maryland, Washington, DC, in enhancement to Northern Virginia locations. For those that desire to run with an entirely recognized, stuck, with each other with ensured moving company in Maryland, DC Neighborhood Movers is best for the obtain the work done.
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Novel by C. S. Lewis The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe is a delusion novel for kids via C. S. Lewis. It’s for the first posted and first-rate known of seven novels inside Read More …
Dr. Dave is the MAN!!! I cannot say enough good things about him. I have gone into his office barely able to walk, and within minutes, I am well on the road to recovery. He has saved me too many times to count! I used to think chiropractic was a scam until I started seeing... more>
"My daughter, Kyla Ross, is a member of the U.S. National gymnastics team. Before we met Dr. Armstrong, Kyla was having constant pain in both heels and had been misdiagnosed by several doctors over the course of 2 1/2 years. None of these doctors could find the cause of Kyla's problem. During her intial examination, Dr. Armstrong immediately found that Kyla had a spinal cord impingement in her lower back that was causing her heal pain. He was able to"... more>
The Pro Bowl was this past Sunday. Although, the roster was stacked with talent, it was missing some of the NFL’s best players. The Green Bay Packers were supposed to have 6 players in the game, but they weren’t there due to their participation in Super Bowl XLV. The Pittsburgh Steelers also had 4 players that were voted to the Pro Bowl but couldn’t go either. I think that the Pro Bowl should be played after the Super Bowl.
The Pro Bowl is supposed to be a fun event for both the players and the fans. I don’t think that just because you are in the Super Bowl you should be snubbed from the Pro Bowl. I think having 10 total players from the 2 best teams in the NFL, not in the Pro Bowl, is taking away from the game. Not that the players really care if they miss it (I’m sure they would much rather be preparing for the Super Bowl), but they don’t get to go have fun and support their team colors with the league’s top players. I think the Pro Bowl should be moved back to after the Super Bowl so everyone has their chance to play in it.
I know for me, I would be much more interested in the Pro Bowl if the players form my favorite team were actually there. Green Bay and Pittsburgh have the 2 best and largest fan bases in the NFL and I’m sure the majority of them, including myself, didn’t pay much attention to the Pro Bowl. The TV ratings would probably be a lot higher with those players in the game.
Loving Vincent is a 2017 animated biographical drama film about the life of painter Vincent Van Gogh, and in particular, the circumstances of his death. It is the first fully painted animated feature film. The film, written and directed by Dorota Kobiela and Hugh Welchman, is a Polish production, funded by the Polish Film Institute, and partially through a Kickstarter campaign. First conceived Continue Reading
Louis C.K. attends Tribeca TV Festival&apos;s sneak peek of Better Things at Cinepolis Chelsea on September 22, 2017 in New York City. (Photo by Ben Gabbe/Getty Images for Tribeca TV Festival)
NEW YORK (AP) - Comedian Louis C.K. released the following statement on Friday following allegations of sexual misconduct in a New York Times report. The statement is unedited except for explicit language:
I want to address the stories told to the New York Times by five women named Abby, Rebecca, Dana, Julia who felt able to name themselves and one who did not.
These stories are true. At the time, I said to myself that what I did was okay because I never showed a woman my (penis) without asking first, which is also true. But what I learned later in life, too late, is that when you have power over another person, asking them to look at your (penis) isn&apos;t a question. It&apos;s a predicament for them. The power I had over these women is that they admired me. And I wielded that power irresponsibly.
I have been remorseful of my actions. And I&apos;ve tried to learn from them. And run from them. Now I&apos;m aware of the extent of the impact of my actions. I learned yesterday the extent to which I left these women who admired me feeling badly about themselves and cautious around other men who would never have put them in that position.
I also took advantage of the fact that I was widely admired in my and their community, which disabled them from sharing their story and brought hardship to them when they tried because people who look up to me didn&apos;t want to hear it. I didn&apos;t think that I was doing any of that because my position allowed me not to think about it.
There is nothing about this that I forgive myself for. And I have to reconcile it with who I am. Which is nothing compared to the task I left them with.
I wish I had reacted to their admiration of me by being a good example to them as a man and given them some guidance as a comedian, including because I admired their work.
The hardest regret to live with is what you&apos;ve done to hurt someone else. And I can hardly wrap my head around the scope of hurt I brought on them. I&apos;d be remiss to exclude the hurt that I&apos;ve brought on people who I work with and have worked with who&apos;s (sic) professional and personal lives have been impacted by all of this, including projects currently in production: the cast and crew of Better Things, Baskets, The Cops, One Mississippi, and I Love You Daddy (sic). I deeply regret that this has brought negative attention to my manager Dave Becky who only tried to mediate a situation that I caused. I&apos;ve brought anguish and hardship to the people at FX who have given me so much The Orchard who took a chance on my movie and every other entity that has bet on me through the years.
I have spent my long and lucky career talking and saying anything I want. I will now step back and take a long time to listen.
The comedian stepped forward on the same day the indie distributor The Orchard said it will scrap the release of C.K.&apos;s film "I Love You, Daddy." C.K. has already been edited out of the upcoming HBO benefit "Night of Too Many Stars" and his work is being scrubbed from the cable network&apos;s vaults.
More fallout came Friday when Netflix said it will not produce a second planned standup special starring the comedian, citing his "unprofessional and inappropriate behavior." He had been tapped for two specials, with the first airing in April. At least five of the comedian&apos;s stand-up specials remain on Netflix.
C.K. is the latest high-profile man caught in a flood of accusations that began after an October report in the New York Times alleging that Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein had sexually harassed or assaulted several women. Others who face sexual harassment or assault accusations include "House of Cards" star Kevin Spacey and filmmaker Brett Ratner.
The widening allegations have also reached former "Gossip Girl" actor Ed Westwick. The BBC scrapped a TV series in the wake of rape allegations against Westwick. The broadcaster also paused filming on the 1980s-set sitcom "White Gold," which stars Westwick. He has been accused of raping two women, charges he denies. On Instagram, he called the allegations "unverified and provably untrue."
Actor Jeremy Piven also took to social media to once again declare his innocence of sexual misconduct, saying on Twitter he hopes the string of sexual harassment allegations will lead to "a constructive dialogue on these issues" but warned about "false accusations.
"We seem to be entering dark times -- allegations are being printed as facts and lives are being put in jeopardy without a hearing, due process or evidence. I hope we can give people the benefit of the doubt before we rush to judgment," he wrote.
Piven, who has been accused by two women of sexual misconduct, faces a fresh accusation made against him from an advertising executive. Tiffany Bacon Scourby told People magazine that Piven held her down while he performed a sex act at a hotel 14 years ago.
Jenny McCarthy also reiterated an allegation she made against Seagal, saying she fled from a 1995 audition with Seagal after he repeatedly asked her to take off her clothes for a part that didn&apos;t require nudity.
The former Playboy model recounted her encounter with Seagal during a tryout for "Under Siege 2" on her Sirius XM radio show Thursday, a day after actress Portia de Rossi accused Seagal of unzipping his pants during an audition.
McCarthy said Seagal was the only person in the room when she showed up to read for her part, she said. After declining his invitation to sit next to him on a couch, McCarthy, who said she purposefully wore a loose-fitting garment to the audition so the focus would be on her acting instead of her body, said Seagal asked her to remove her clothes. When McCarthy countered that she was told the part didn&apos;t require her to be naked, she said Seagal told her that it involved "off-camera nudity."
"I know you must have a beautiful body underneath there. Can you lower it so I can see your breasts," she recalled Seagal saying.
A representative for Seagal didn&apos;t immediately return a request for comment Friday, but a Seagal spokesman has denied McCarthy&apos;s accusations to The Daily Beast. McCarthy told the same story to Movieline in 1998.
Great British Bake Off star Paul Hollywood, designers Sophie Conran and Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen will all put in appearances at Spring Fair, which takes place from February 7 – 11 at The NEC, Birmingham.
Doyenne of the design world, Cath Kidston, will also be at the show to present the Gift of the Year Awards 2016 as ambassador for The Giftware Association.
Along with celebrity-endorsed new product launches, numerous special events are scheduled to take place over the course of Spring Fair, including a huge birthday party being hosted by Carte Blanche Group to celebrate the 21st birthday of the world's most successful cute brand, Me to You.
Another key birthday will be celebrated by The NEC itself, which commemorates 40 years as the UK's primary exhibition venue this February.
Visitors should be on the alert for 'random acts of kindness' that The NEC management intends to lavish on those attending the show.
As thousands of suppliers and retailers gear up for one of the UK's largest retail trade events, Spring Fair 2016, some of the best-known names in home and tableware are also getting set to attend the exhibition.
GWCC, a leading manufacturer of souvenir goods, announced its partnership with Transport for London (TfL) and its brand licensing agent TSBA as its new Master Souvenir partner for apparel and accessories.
As registration for the 2019 event opens, CHSI Stitches has announced it will be launching an innovative new meeting planner tool to help visitors and exhibitors connect during the event.
Gift and fashion brand A Gift From The Gods has made its prime time TV debut, having been featured on flagship BBC panel show, Have I Got News For You.
The British Toy and Hobby Association today announced that exhibition space at Toy Fair 2019 is now sold out, three months before the show opens its doors on the 22nd January.
With plastic continuing to have a detrimental effect on our environment, many ending up in UK rivers or in the sea, the push towards alternatives increases.
Best Kept Secrets has commissioned a rebranding of its exciting Seriously Scented candle tin collection, developed in conjunction with an award-winning Edinburgh-based designer. Click here to enter
Gift Focus magazine is the UK's leading bi-monthly trade publication for the giftware industry, distributed to independent retailers, high street multiples, department stores, garden centres, heritage outlets and all other gift stockists. read more >
8 (985) 645-1962 8 (495) 798-7265 АКЦИИ / СКИДКИ | новые товары | вход | мои данные | как купить / оформить товар
The official Oscar nominations have been announced, putting an end to months of speculation. Although I think that Jake Gyllenhaal is missing from the lead actor list, many of the others are well deserved. Check out this look at the nominations for the 2015 Academy Awards in all the major categories and then check out local theaters as many films, including: Best Picture American Sniper Continue Reading
This is definitely a year of biopics and one of the top contenders for an Oscar nomination in a category looks to be The Theory of Everything, a look at the life of renowned genius Stephen Hawking. Currently playing at The Arclight Pasadena, The Theory of Everything stars Eddie Redmayne as the physicist and Felicity Jones as his very patient wife. To be honest, I've never thought much of Continue Reading
"How are you doing, Vince?" Mr. Gregory asked as he looked over Vince's shoulder to take a look at the painting he was working on. "That looks really good, so far." He paused, examining the piece further. "I think this might be a good piece for the art show. Keep it up."
"Okay, there's about ten minutes of class left. It's time to finish what you're doing and start cleaning up," Mr. Gregory announced as he walked back to the front of the classroom.
Judith had gathered her paintbrushes and was washing them in the sink at the back of the room when someone came up close behind her.
Judith cast a quick glance over to see David standing next to her. Trying to recover her dignity she quickly snatched up the brushes and resumed washing them.
"I get it. You want to play it cool," he said with a wink. "But I just wanted to let you know that I'm cool with it," he said smugly as his eyes scanned up and down, sizing her up.
Judith drew back uncomfortably. "I am not into you," she said a little more loudly than she had intended. Noticing a few nearby students, including Vince, turning their heads to see what the commotion was, Judith carefully lowered her voice. "I have no idea what you're talking about."
"My brother?" she said confused. Then it came to her. "Maura . . . I'm going to kill them both," she muttered under her breath.
She turned back to the sink to gather her brushes. "There's been a mistake. I'm not interested." Before David could utter another word, she turned and walked back to her desk without giving him another look.
When the bell rang, Judith was the first student out the door. She was determined to find Maura or Jeremy and give whichever she found first a piece of her mind.
"No, but I just heard last period that the results from the cheerleading tryouts are up. Come with me and see if I'm on the list."
"I'm too nervous. I need moral support," Meghan insisted as she hurried after her cousin. "It will only take a minute. Please?"
"Fine," Judith sighed, seeing that Meghan wasn't going to give up. "But if I see Maura or Jeremy along the way, you're on your own."
When they reached the cafeteria, Meghan pushed Judith forward. "I can't look. See if my name is there."
As Judith impatiently scanned the list, Meghan couldn't take the suspense and was peering over Judith's shoulder.
"I'm not," Meghan said, coming to the realization herself a half a second later. She was outraged. "That can't be. There must be some mistake. I was the best one there."
Meghan and Judith turned to see another girl behind them. "I was hoping I'd run into you," the girl said. "I saw the tryouts and you were definitely one of the best freshmen there."
"I'm Jasmyn. Co-captain of the spirit dance squad. I was at the gym watching the tryouts. I noticed your auditions. You have some good moves."
"Thanks," Meghan replied. "I should. I've been in dance practically since I could walk . . .But what do you mean it wasn't a mistake that I didn't make cheerleader?"
"I've overheard some things. Namely that Melanie and her friends have it in for you. They had already decided before the tryouts were held that they weren't going to let you on the squad. I'm not sure what you did to get on their bad side, but you're definitely on their enemy list."
"If you're interested, there's a spot for you on the dance team. We could use someone with your talent."
Jasmyn nodded. "We meet in the gym after school on Tuesdays and Thursdays. If you're interested stop by," Jasmyn said as she started to walk away.
"I guess that worked out after all," Judith replied drily. She was ready to leave Meghan's drama behind and get back to her own business.
"Yeah," Meghan said, but her optimism began to fade as she saw Melanie and her friends walking and laughing with Julian. The sight of them and the flirty way Melanie seemed to hang off Julian made her blood boil. She would get back at them and she was beginning to formulate a plan how. "But this isn't over yet."
"I have been hearing a lot of good things about you lately from your teachers. They've seen a huge improvement in both your effort and your attitude. I'm very proud of you. Keep it up," she said with a smile as she walked away.
Vince was feeling good about himself and happy with how this day was turning out when he heard another student call out his name.
"Nah, I can't. I've got to stay after. I don't think I'm going to be able to hang out for a long time. Sorry, man."
He nodded slowly, but stared at Vince through narrowed eyes. "Just making sure. We'd hate to lose you, man, and I'd hate for you to forget that our business stays with us."
Vince walked back into the school with an uneasy feeling. He felt like he was walking a tight line between two very different worlds. One false step could mean disaster. He had to continue playing it cool. But he was determined. He had something to prove.
Mr. Gregory looked out at the boys as they sauntered away. "I've had friends like those before," he remarked. "Maybe I'll tell you about it sometime . . . Are you heading out or will I see you at the art club meeting?"
"Maura! How could you?" Judith hissed as she approached the pair. She was still outraged, but she didn't want to make another scene like she nearly had during her encounter with David.
"He acted like a total creep," Judith answered. "It was awful. You shouldn't have said anything. He wasn't supposed to find out . . . not, like this anyway," she added quickly.
Judith avoided the question. "Oh, and I suppose you'd like it if I said something to Jeremy about you." As Maura seemed to think over the idea, Judith felt her anger and her argument starting to lose steam. "Anyway, I just thought you should know that nothing is ever going to happen between me and David. I don't want it to. I've decided I don't like him after all. Okay?"
"So, what are we going to do about the concert now?" Maura asked. "Jeremy said he would go . . . is there anyone else you might like? I promise I'll be more subtle this time. We'll set it up your way. However you say."
"Well, I'll think of something," Maura said. She was determined to see this plan through, she just had to figure out how.
5/27/18 - Still slowly, but surely working at it. I have the next few episodes started, but I can't promise they will be completed anytime soon. You know the drill. Thank you for visiting and reading! I appreciate those of you who continue to support this story even with such sporadic updates. :)
Why did I think I needed to install the sickness mod again? I thought, let’s try it for the... - Why did I think I needed to install the sickness mod again? I thought, let’s try it for the winter. One season (three days) can’t be too bad … It was p...
Chapter I-XIII - Seeking out the Past - Trevander wandered the village, feeling out of place. The streets were wild with activity as the villagers celebrated the downfall of the tyrant and mour...
An Introduction - Coming Soon (I hope!) . . .﻿ Status Update (9/20/13): This story has been delayed indefinitely. I had the first several episodes filmed and the first two ...
Winter 2012 - D'Sim - *Shawn (47), Jane (32), Shane and Imogene (4)* Jane was very happy with her family and her life, especially now that the twins were growing out of the tod...
Part 6 - Chapter 1 - Suspicions and Doubt - The young woman knelt by a still pool. As she leaned forward to collect a bucket full of water, she caught a glimpse of her own reflection. Her face look...
many open-air freedom they’ve come to expect in 2018 Jeep Wrangler. 2018 Jeep Wrangler Interior We nevertheless don’t know what FCA has in keep for the 2018 Jeep Wrangler, but...
with various motor needs. Jeep Grand Wagoneer 2018 Exterior Jeep will wipe out the old picture by showing another cutting edge check Jeep Grand Wagoneer 2018. Numerous specialists anticipated about...
2018 Jeep Grand Wagoneer, which is able to be organized over the Grand Cherokee model. Bargains ought to begin within the inside of 2018, and also the vehicle is organized...
The soon release of the 2019 Jeep Wrangler JL makes the 2018 Jeep Wrangler JL may not last long. In fact, the all-new Wrangler could only take pleasure in one...
measure expected to be able to enhance the comfort for each driver and passengers in driving new 2018 Jeep Renegade particularly once it’s employed in the off-road driving. 2018 Jeep...
...SUV Mitsubishi can create its debut for the 2018 model year. The all-new 2018 Mitsubishi Pajero is predicted to hit dealerships throughout 2017. Mitsubishi has conjointly proclaimed changes within the...
Honda 2018 is unconventionally. Honda has kept in reality, every little thing on this uncomplicated series style of an updated edition. This is how 2018 Honda Element maintains the traditional...
Iвm single and have no plans for all of today- so Iвm hoping to find amp; click with a nice sincere respectful man to get together and have some fun with today!.
Adele is an amazing high class companion who after years of experience knows how to turn any night into a day you won't ever want to forget.
sign up for 2go account is flirt a scam songs from her to him white women looking for black men white girls with black man the last of us all upgrades free community dating sites worldwide non christian dating sites kik online free sign up free online sex messaging
Mixxxer is the best place to find local casual sex hookups in your town, right now! Flirt, Date, Hookup, Repeat. Join Mixxxer for Free and get laid tonight. When you aren't looking for a relationship, online dating can be tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps. To find true love is hard, but we can help you, just register on this dating site online and start dating, chatting and meeting new people..
All content contained in this website is provided to autoinsuranceonet.info by individuals for the purposes.
autoinsuranceonet.infoВ© 2014 | The site for only adult users. On This site you can see profiles of girls. | All rights reserved!
"Cooking easy" is a blog about food, recipes, sweet things and much more. I hope you enjoy yourself!Give me your feedbacks,advices,ideas and tips..I will be happy to read them!Annalisa"
Please Register/Login to submit your free articles to the Business Article Directory. This service is totally FREE. We will check your submitted articles and publish within 24 hours.
Here you can view building supplies in Swansea You can view building supplies by region using the options to the right to pick a area.
Our products range includes Building and Construction Materials, Plumbing Products, Home DIY and Garden Products, Cleaning Chemicals & Janitorial Supplies (Household and Industrial), Agricultural and Industrial Chemicals, Disposable Paper Products ....View full advert details
Edwards Aviation will fly you to and from Chinchilla airport when it best suits you, and will be ready to take you home when you have completed your task.
We fly into all Queensland country aerodromes including Chinchilla, and can pick you up from international airports including Brisbane and the Gold Coast
Please contact us and we will give you all the information you require to make that important flight.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34
Wooden bathroom cabinets have relatively harsh requirements for the bathroom environment, that is, wet and dry separation. The shower is separated from other areas, and the shower water does not splash around and keeps the space outside the shower dry. At present, the bathroom between Europe and the United States is generally wet and dry separation.
2, clean solid wood bathroom cabinets, cabinet cleaning agent best use of neutral reagents, such as: wipe with toothpaste, soft cloth wipe, is also a simple maintenance method, also can be sprayed on the cabinet.
3, avoid using alcohol, gasoline or other chemical solvents to remove stains. If there is a stain on the bathroom cabinet, we must not wipe it vigorously. We can gently remove the stain by warm tea. When the water evaporates, it will smear less light wax on the original part, and then polish it several times to form a protective film;
5, away from the heat source, to avoid direct sunlight, in order to prevent local wood cracking, deformation and local discoloration of the paint film.
This brochure is a guide to our extensive range of industrial heaters, from immersion heaters to metal coil heaters.
Accessories to meet your specific application. High quality, technical support from a manufacturer and supplier of 70 years. Stock to Under 1 Week. +800-241-0412
Intelligent Heater, LLC, celebrating 67 years of brand excellence in manufacturing, is proud to introduce the “Next Generation of Immersion Heaters” by offering a wide variety of Innovation Heater products in your choice of material: Quartz, Titanium, Stainless Steel, and Fluoropolymer.
Intelligent Heater, LLC offers all of these coupled with over 68 years experience manufacturing heaters.
Stress fracture is healing well...I should be able to start running again (VERY SLOWLY) in about a month. It has been a very long break. I'm ready to be back in the game. Keep inspiring me, Ladies!!
I know exactly what you mean! It's hard being out of the game due to injury! Heal fast and thoroughly!!
I tore my hamstring last year. It really makes you appreciate things. I actually came back to running with more passion and determination than before so maybe when it's all said and done it'll be good thing. OK-that's garbage-a stress fracture is never a good thing. Just trying to make you feel better! Good luck with your recovery!!
I've been down and out off and on for the past three months. I miss a lot of these things too. Let's hope for a good comeback!
I miss it too. :-( I am 32 weeks pregnant and it's just not the same to run now. I cannot wait to train again.
I've got a broken ankle AND a couple of sprains. Yeah, I totally miss running and I totally agree with you about this list. Hopefully SOON we can get running again. I salivate every time I see a runner lol. Heal well!
"The fight is won or lost far away from the witnesses... in the gym, and out there on the road..." - Muhammad Ali
Are you a Marathon Mommy? Half Marathon Mommy? Just love to run? If you have not yet done so, please email a brief bio and a picture to suziepetunia@gmail.com or kelmarker@gmail.com if you would like to be added as a contributor. (Please see examples on link.)
Blog Archive May (1) November (1) July (1) June (2) March (1) December (1) September (1) July (1) June (5) May (7) April (10) March (15) February (9) January (11) December (5) November (8) October (16) September (8) August (13) July (6) June (12) May (13) April (7) March (7) February (7) January (15) December (4) November (1) October (2) September (5) August (3) July (6) June (5) May (5) April (10) March (13) February (5) January (6) December (7) November (8) October (12) September (17) August (15) July (17) June (16) May (21) April (20) March (21) February (14) January (19) December (24) November (26) October (25) September (47) August (29) July (30) June (42) May (52) April (69) March (22) February (14) January (25) December (39) November (21) October (22) September (16) August (20) July (14) June (6) May (1) February (1) December (1) November (1) October (1) September (3) August (1) July (3) June (6) May (6) April (6) March (1) February (1) January (7) December (6) November (4)
The flamboyant and energetic artist Mugge Fischer, is well known as an active worker for the Concordia Aids Charity whose President is the Princess Marie-Louise of Prussia, as well as being a keen supporter of Dario Poli’s initiative to positively promote Marbella and the Costa del Sol.
He was born in the town of Aalborg, Denmark, and moved to the Costa del Sol in 2001, where with his hard work, intelligence and personality, he has made quite a considerable impact and positive contribution to the area.
Besides being an extremely talented painter, he happens to be a professional show dancer, and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Law and Economics, and a Master’s in Marketing. Apart from working freelance as a graphic designer and journalist, Mugge has his own art company, www.artenovum.com, which he runs with his Spanish partner.
He is a resident of Marbella, who with his outgoing charm, personality and positive attitudes, has quickly become a popular figure in the Marbella social scene, appearing in many local publications moving easily in all social circles and welcomed wherever he is. He loves Spain for the sun, the beaches, the weather, and enjoys speaking Spanish in which he is fluent and the life here generally.
As an artist, he is dedicated to painting, graphic design, dance, theatre, events etc, His works are recognised by the use of strong colours, and an untraditional use and mixture of old and new techniques. Besides that, he has a fine sensibility in adapting special orders to the surroundings to which they are designated.
His great passion is to paint portraits and are quite special and very highly appraised, but he is constantly searching for new possibilities and ideas. During the last 7 years he has been doing works of art (portraits, modern art etc.) for clients from e.g: Portugal, Spain, Norway, Denmark and the United States.
One of his most recent portraits was of the dynamic Cuban singer Yanela Brooks used for the Cd Cover for Dario Poli’s music of “Marbella Marbella,” sung in Spanish by Yanela Brook’s who incidentally wrote the Spanish Lyrics for Dario.
In April 2009 in support of Dario Poli’s campaign for Marbella, Mugge helped organize the “Una Noche Para Marbella” event at the Da Bruno Sul Mare restaurant, which coincided with the official presentation of the song specially written for the occasion, “Marbella, Marbella”, Dario Poli’s campaign song sung by Yanela Brooks. Mugge compared the evening event, which had over 350 invited distinguished guests including the Marbella Town Hall, heads of industry and Royalty in attendance, and during his opening speech he described the campaign, as “presenting a concept of image and quality for our city and the Costa del Sol. We all form part of the image and future of Marbella”.
The event was highly covered by the press who turned up to support the campaign for Marbella and the song.
The team at Marbella Marbella Adelante, wish this talented artist and popular bon viveur, the very best in all that he does now and into the future.
Composer, artist, and a published author and illustrator. He is initiator of the campaign to present a better image Internationally, of Marbella and the Costa del Sol. Composer of the music "Marbella Marbella" used as the anthem of the campaign and also many other recorded compositions including Nostradamus, and Corazon, for The Children for Peace Onlus charity in Rome as well as the co-author of the powerful musical drama Lady X and The Power of Destiny. He is also the editor and a founder member of this website.
Disclaimer: The views, opinions and positions expressed within this guest article are those of the author Dario Poli alone and do not represent those of the Marbella Marbella website. The accuracy, completeness and validity of any statements made within this article are not guaranteed. We accept no liability for any errors, omissions or representations. The copyright of this content belongs to Dario Poli and any liability with regards to infringement of intellectual property rights remains with the author.
We all have them… people around us who display that look of amused disapproval when we proudly announce – “We are going back to Disney!”. Who can blame them really? There are thousands of amazing places to visit on this earth that are very deserving of our vacation time, attention and dollar. Even Disney themselves gets that, or we wouldn’t have Disney Cruise Line or Adventures By Disney. But thats another blog for another time.
What many don’t truly understand about this crazy band of mouse ear wearing, dole whip sippin, fastpass coveting, pin trading mouseketeers is we not only found a place we like to vacation- many of us have also found our ‘ohana.
According to Wikipedia ‘ohana is a word in the Hawaiian culture, that means family (in an extended sense of the term, including blood-related, adoptive or intentional). The concept emphasizes that families are bound together and members must cooperate and remember one another.
I can’t think of a better description. Especially in the face of recent loses within my Disney inspired ohana. Wonderful human beings who have been taken from this earth way to young. Kim Niblett, an affiliate with MEI-Travel who came to us through her love for Disney. She had so many friends in the Disney fan community and helped make magic with her skills at vacation planning. She died tragically and shook us all to the core. She is very missed by many.
And just recently we lost Ricky DjTechnoid Reed to cancer. He was a friend to many in different corners of the Disney fan community. I often saw him in many of the chat sessions for various podcasts and live streams but I first got to really know him via WDW Radio. On Wednesdays we would often PM while Lou chats about food, spider-man, food, handshakes, hugs and yes.. did I forget food?
Anyway Ricky and I would just banter about various things happening. And it was there I was introduced to his passion of mixing music… Disney music in particular that he selflessly shared via SoundCloud.
One day I saw a post from him entitled “The Princess Beci Mix” — a wave of overwhelming fear swept over me that I must have said something really funny (ie embarrassing) to warrant such an honor. Once I worked up the courage, I hit play. I was shocked and soooo happy … that it wasn’t my stupid laugh that was repeated ad nauseam… it was LOU’s!!!!
I quickly sent a FB message thanking him for not including my real, very awkward laugh that I am always aware of when I listen to myself. We chatted about it a while and he had fun stories to tell me about how he came up with the concept. It still brings me to tears due to uncontrollable laughter every time I hear it.
Anyway…. the real amazing thing about Ricky, besides just how loving he was to everyone he met, is that he was truly adored by throngs of people, many of whom he never actually met in person.
I called him friend, yet we never met face to face, and we never had to, really. That is the power of this ‘ohana. Technology and community brings people together with this shared passion, but its the tribe, clan, herd, gang, ‘ohana — whatever word you want to attach — all by itself that is the magic here.
Especially in times of loss. As one person stated, hearing the news of Ricky’s passing was a gut punch. And we all felt it.
Its obvious from the hundreds of tributes just how many lives this one man touched. The stories from people, many he had never met, detailing how he had an impact on their lives and made them better people— its inspiring.
Ricky had planned a visit to Walt Disney World later this year to finally meet many of his ohana in person. While he openly told us he was in treatment, it wasn’t till I got the call he needed to cancel his hotel that the reality of the seriousness of his condition was driven home. Even facing the end of his life, he still managed to reach out to people to lift them up and post messages of optimism of his own condition, never wanting anyone to think he had lost one ounce of hope that he would beat this thing.
Im grateful I had the blessing of his friendship and Im thankful to this Disney ‘ohana who connect in this circle of life and lean on each other in times of triumph, happiness, crisis, need and yes… loss.
I have witnessed many friendships come together and 10 or even 15 years later, these relationships are still thriving. People who met at a dessert party, on a cruise or just in line at Space ship Earth, still make plans to travel together again, virtually high five during a live stream or just meet at Crews Cup for an adult beverage to catch up. (ie talk about all the new coming attractions and your fav kiosk at Food & Wine this year.)
I have had challenges and surprises in my actual family over the years… some I haven’t openly talked about… yet. But I have had the blessing of being in this amazing ohana. I have met so many people with the most beautiful and inspirational souls and some I would go so far to say they are as close to me as my actually family. I have posted some pics of people and times that represent this incredible connection… Please forgive me if I missed anyone in particular. I simply ran out of time, but will add to it as I run across more as I organize my archives.
For now… Rest in peace Kim & Ricky. (And Nolan and Barrie and all the others who have parted ways with this earth ) And thank you for being part of this ‘ohana and sharing your light with the rest of us.
Thank you, Beci for such a touching write-up. I’ve listened to you so many times on Lou’s podcasts, that I feel I genuinely know you, and I truly believe we would get along very well based on your sense of humor and thirst for adult beverages! Hopefully, some day, we will meet face to face. Until then, cheers!
The generous 78 square apartment from Swedish real estate agency Stadshem is located in Linnéstaden, Olivedalsgatan 15.
Memory takes me back to August 1997, when I arrived in Phoenix to start my first full-time newspaper job as a general assignment reporter. I was greeted by the managing editor, an old-school journalist who spelled out the rules of the profession and made clear what he expected from me.
After the awful dump at Besh Barmag we drove via Quba into the Greater Caucasus in order to see a much nicer landscape. Our plan was to reach Xinaliq regardless the possible snow cover or expected cold temperatures high up in the mountains. Nobody of us has ever been there in winter, so we were pretty excited.
The first kilometres offered us brilliant views of the Caucasian winter, but we missed the birds along the road in the lower forested altitudes. We saw mainly Blackbirds, Mistle Thrushes and three Goshawks.
Above the tree layer we had a spectacular sighting of a Lammergeier that was circling above a canyon at about 1.500 m asl. At the same location we observed 35 Red-billed Choughs, 1 Ring Ouzel, some European Goldfinches and a surprising Great Grey Shrike. As it was already late we drove down to our hotel where we spent the night.
The next morning started with freezing cold -6°C and a calling Black Woodpecker. We headed further to the ancient village Xinaliq. Along the road we saw two beautiful Horned Larks and our first birding stop in the village Cek produced great views of a Wallcreeper and 4 Alpine Accentors. Along the river we saw several White-throated Dippers.
The asphalted road led us further to Xinaliq and arriving there we were happy that we had no trouble with snow and the sun warmed us with about +6°C. The weather conditions above 2.000 m asl were much more comfortable than in the lowland. A little hike up to 3.000 m asl produced more sightings of Lammergeiers, Griffon Vultures, Horned Larks, 27 Chukars, 42 Alpine and about 220 Red-billed Choughs. We also observed the spectacular hunting of up to 3 Golden Eagles preying on Caucasian Snowcocks at Qizil Qaya.
After a long day we left Xinaliq in the evening and had once again a comfortable night in our hotel.
The following day we drove down to Qusar, where we checked orchards and arable land for some wintering species. Besides the common species we were really happy to see two quite tame Red-fronted Serins. Until these two individuals, we had only disappointing observations of this species. Another big disappointment was that we had no observation of Pine Buntings, which was one of the highlights from our last winter birding trip. Near Qusar, we saw about 120 Yellowhammers and checked each individual carefully. At least 5 individuals showed features of both species and we logged them as possible hybrids Emberiza citrinella x leucocephalos. Another birding stop in the lowland forests of Samur-Yalama produced as a new species for the trip: a single Middle Spotted Woodpecker.
We are a small group of birders regularly vistiting Azerbaijan. In this blog we will post news about birding activities between the Caucasus and the Caspian Sea.
Working in Azerbaijan for years, we had numerous first records and could update the status of many species. But as hardly any western birders visited the country yet, every trip is still exciting and produces new fascinating observations. We hope that in the future more birdwatchers will visit this great hotspot of biodiversity and join our community.
Send us your data! If you go birding in Azerbaijan, we are interested in your observations. An online data base is available now. For more information and if you need tips for organising a successful tour, please contact us at birdingaze "at" yahoo.com.
Brazil Pantanal day 1 - After a long and exhausting trip, including lost luggage (still!) and delayed flights we finally arrived last night at Porto Jofre in the Pantanal. We are ...
- *Them again!* *22 February 2017* *text & photos by ABu* What was once a very common sight inside all riparian forests is now extremely rare: tree hole-ne...
Glaucous, Iceland and a 2w Kums - 5th Feb. All day at Peterhead, taking advantage of some reasonable light for photography. This post shows a selection of white-winged gulls in the harbour...
1. Content. The author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement. 2. Referrals and links. The author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages - unless he has full knowledge of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors of his site from viewing those pages. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore the author is not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks or mailinglists provided on his page. 3. Copyright. The author intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object. The copyright for any material created by the author is reserved. Any duplication or use of objects such as images, diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the author's agreement. 4. Privacy policy. The use of published postal addresses, telephone or fax numbers and email addresses for marketing purposes is prohibited, offenders sending unwanted spam messages will be punished. 5. Legal validity of this disclaimer. This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual terms of this statement are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
Swedish birds & nature tour operator AviFauna did a successful tour in Azerbaijan 6-14 May, planned and lead by Tomas Haraldsson together with Kai Gauger. In the group were 12 Swedes, one Dane and three German birders and the logistics and arrangements were co-ordinated together with travel agency Caspian Tour. It was a rather fast-paced trip aimed at seeing the exclusive species for the region and also with the last three nights spent in the autonomous republic of Nakhchivan. Very happy and satisfied at seeing all the target birds and some 220 species in total during 7 field days.
In Shirvan Nationalpark we had a great selection of steppe birds as usual but with the flamingo lake pretty empty of birds. Hundreds of Rose-coloured Starlings in flocks, some 4.000 White-winged Black Terns on the sky, lots of Blue-cheeked Bee-eaters, Menetries Warblers and the other "locals".
In Machmud Chala wetlands two female White-headed Ducks surprised us, one of the unexpected species for the trip. In Masalli we found the Shikras on breeding site but only giving short views however a pair soaring above our lunch was nice :)
Unfortunately it was a little rainy in Kizil Agach. On the Caspian coast and its bird-rich lagoons were hundreds of waders including 6 Terek Sandpipers, 17 Broad-billed Sandpipers, 2 White-tailed Lapwings, an adult Great Black-headed Gull and lots of other wetland stuff, truly an exciting area.
Gobustan rock art site producd the usual Pied, Eastern Black-eared and Finsch´s Wheatears and also a likely hybrid Pied/Eastern Black-eared, Rock Nuthatches, Woodchat Shrikes and more. A Steppe Eagle was heading north.
We had a short stop Besh Barmag but still some nice raptor migration. Within just one hour we saw Lesser Spotted Eagle 2, Steppe Eagle 3, Pallid Harrier 2, Montagues Harrier 13, Marsh Harrier and Hobby and also the local Black Vultures and Black Kites.
In Xinaliq we had a nice hike with perfect weather and saw 6 White-winged (Güldenstädts) Redstarts, 10 Caucasian Snowcocks, Lammergeiers, Alpine Accentor, Red-fronted Serins and lots of other stuff. On lower altitudes there were many Green Warblers and several Semi-collared Flycatchers at our lodging Nazli Bulaq.
In Laza there were about a dozen displaying Caucasian Black Grouse right above our homestay in the village. During the morning also several Wallcreepers, Mountain Chiffchaff, Green Warbler, Caucasian Snowcock, 5 Lammergeiers and a lot more was seen. A bit unsatisfying was a short fly-by of two Great Rosefinches.
Nakhchivan was very exciting birding with species similar to easternmost Turkey. Several sites with Persian Wheatear, Pale Rock Sparrow, Upchers Warbler, Eastern Rock Nuthatch, Trumpeter Finch, See see Partridge and Grey-necked Bunting. Bimaculated Lark and Desert Finch both at breeding site, also 3 Mongolian Finches likely so. During our two full days also several records of Booted and Golden Eagle, Lammergeier, Rufous Bush Chat, Armenian Gulls, White-throated Robin and in the driest semi-desert also Black-bellied Sandgrouse. High up at 2200m at Batabat we saw the Raddes Accentor. For many of us the bird of the trip!
Videos of birds and birding from the trip can be seen at Tomas' Youtube channel https://www.youtube.com/user/Tomas06560656/videos
AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors provides COMMERCIAL LOCKSMITH and door repair services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. We are your local leading commercial locksmiths in Ottawa, here to serve all your commercial door locks replacement and repair needs when you need it most. Using the latest HIGH SECURITY LOCKS and door hardware, we will ensure your business is protected against break-ins or vandalism.
We have been voted #1 for the fasted response time with the best competitive prices. We service all of Ottawa and surrounding areas with our mobile 24/7 trained locksmiths including Ottawa downtown as well as east, south and west Ottawa, Ontario. Contact us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. AMPM, your fast and reliable locksmith services for your business.
AMPM offers professional locksmith services for storefront entry doors, hollow metal and aluminum glass doors and frames. Our services include repair of broken commercial door handles or knobs as well as supply of new HIGH SECURITY LOCKS in Ottawa Ontario area.
We are located at 251 Laurier Ave West, K1P 5J6 and provide same day mobile locksmith services. Our trained locksmiths will assess whether the problem is the door lock or the alignment of the door hinges, etc. Once the problem is isolated, our expert team will promptly perform the required repair or installation and source the best commercial grade lock to provide your business with optimal security. We supply and install all major lock brands such as: Medeco, Mul-T-Lock, Schlage, Kwikset, Corbin Russwin, Arrow, Sargent, Kaba Ilco, Baldwin and Adams-Rite.
Running a business and managing day-to-day operations is hard work, let alone having to deal with faulty or inefficient commercial door locks, or broken doors due to burglary or vandalism. AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors makes things easy for you, providing quick and efficient commercial lock repair or replacement services as soon as you need it. We are available 24 hours a day for your convenience, and will arrive quickly to fix your storefront entry door locks.
AMPM provides a wide verity of electronic access control door locks such as: door readers (card, biometric, token), door strikes and automatic push-button locks. AMPM has been voted #1 in Ottawa for the fasted locksmith response time with the best, competitive prices. Our mobile 24/7 trained locksmiths service all of Ottawa and surrounding areas, including Ottawa downtown as well as east, south and west Ottawa. We service all kind of commercial and industrial sectors including: warehouses, apartment buildings, gated communities, office towers and manufacturing plants. Contact us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year for fast and reliable locksmith services for your store or office.
We offer same day master key system replacement services for commercial entry doors, hollow metal and aluminum glass doors. Our services including installation or replacement of exiting master key systems as well as lock re-key services. Sometimes its not the actual door that needs repair but the automatic door opener and operators and your trained door contractor have your covered for that. They are trained are all functions of the door so most repairs get completed on the same visit.
AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors can provide your business or office with basic or high security commercial locks. Our technicians will suggest options for protecting your business and securing your storefront with high quality, durable door locks. AMPM also provides seasonal maintenance services and can make any door lock adjustments required to avoid possible break-ins or burglary to your commercial units.
As a 24 HOUR EMERGENCY locksmith company, AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors works around your schedule; we are here for your convenience. AMPM uses the most up-to-date, durable high security, commercial grade locks to provide you with superior safety for your employees and customers. All work comes with a warranty on labor and parts, and most important there are no hidden fees. Contact us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for a fast and reliable locksmith services.
At AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors, we have technicians working 24/7, offering you emergency DOOR LOCK CHANGE and installation services as soon as you need it. We specialize in residential and commercial doors and locks, helping you secure your most important investments and livelihood. Our lock change services go beyond simply replacing door locks; we offer a full spectrum of services to support your residential or commercial doors and locks, including home re-key services, and assistance with a lost or misplaced key.
In any event, we can provide 24-hour emergency service – even a locked mailbox or filing cabinet! We can provide basic lock changes, as well as high security locks and deadbolts for residential or commercial units. Our certified locksmiths come prepared to fix and repair your locks and doors onsite. We value your time and security, and are here to serve you when you need it most.
AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors promise as a 24 hour locksmith company is to provide fast emergency door lock change services while delivering fast same day service, exceptional customers service and affordable prices. Contact us today.
Our bonded locksmiths are highly trained and can replace any commercial or residential door lock. We work on wooden, steel and aluminum glass doors. Our local locksmith can replace door handles, deadbolts or knobs for optimal security measures. We can also arrange a FOB system in your entrance doors and exit locks for resident convenience and building security.
Garage doors have also become a popular venue for exiting and entering residential units. We can provide garage door lock changes as well as installing keyless entry and push button entry for your home or business. All of our services are backed by a quality guarantee. We are fully insured and certified. Read our 5 star google map reviews. AMPM Ottawa Locksmith & Doors works with numerous commercial & industrial property management companies and have a strong reputation for cheapest and professional services for all lock repairs.
AMPM has been voted #1 for the fastest emergency locksmith service in Ottawa Ontario. We are proud to offer our clients quick emergency service – within 40 minutes or less! Your satisfaction is our priority. We offer the best possible prices for all of our door lock replacement services in Ottawa Downtown, East, West and South, servicing all of Ottawa and surrounding areas such as Byward Market, Centretown West and The Glebe.
We have mobile locksmith technicians that will come directly to you. Has your mailbox key snapped or have you been the victim of a door break-in through your front or back door? No problem! Our certified locksmith will repair the problem and fit your home a new set of keys, right there on site. For a detailed look at our lock change costs, call us today.
Even though the country of Luxembourg is among the world's smallest countries, it is arguably one of the most historically and culturally rich nations on the globe. From its bustling city center,...
Despite some improvements, long lines remain for the influx of applicants as a result of California's REAL ID driver's license process.
Businesses around the world are curiously awaiting March 30, 2019, which is the day when Britain will officially exit the European Union. This monumental change will especially impact member...
If your best friend from out of town came to visit, what would you take them to see in your hometown? This is how Destination Services Consultants (DSCs) at Dwellworks view every new meeting. When...
Relocating to a major metropolitan city is much like riding a bike; it takes focus to stay balanced, it feels a bit uncomfortable when the "training wheels" of familiarity are removed, and it...
Doing business internationally always involves high-profile deals. Working towards an agreement is a challenge in nearly every situation; this is even more true when obstacles such as language and...
Students add a lively energy to any neighborhood that hosts them. Established residents benefit from the exciting restaurants and businesses that are targeted to a younger audience, and students...
Dublin: where village charm meets business hub. This has proven to be especially true as the economy in Europe undergoes changes and challenges as a result of the Brexit. As eyes from around the...
Whether you are going on vacation, moving abroad, or traveling for work, it is always comforting to know the basics before you arrive. Feeling comfortable with what people eat, how they interact...
While the city of Dublin is a booming, intercultural city, the Sandyford district is one of the finest neighborhoods near Ireland’s capital. With a variety of companies (over 1000 businesses...
Christian Brothers Hardwood Floors is a family owned and operated hardwood flooring company, providing installation and refinishing hardwood floor services in Southern Massachusetts and Rhode Island for over 40 years. Hardwood floors can have an amazing effect in your home, grounding your furniture and drawing your house’s style together in a way that wall-to-wall carpeting just can’t do. There is no substitute for a perfectly installed and finished hardwood floor, and we have committed our business to refined and elegant hardwood flooring services. As experienced hardwood floor contractors, we’ve installed over 3000 floors in our company’s lifetime, and we would love to apply our advice, expertise, and skills to your home! Whether you’re installing entirely new hardwood flooring, or restoring a classic wooden floor after discovering it under old carpet, Christian Brothers Hardwood Floors would be proud to help you elevate your home’s floors. Give us a call today!
With over 50 years experience as a father & son business installing hardwood floors, you can trust your hardwood flooring contractor project to us.
Our hardwood flooring services include dustless hardwood floor refinishing. Let us bring back the shine to your hardwood floors!
We provide hardwood flooring services for every step of the process, including maintenance. Call to setup a maintenance schedule.
As experienced hardwood floor contractors, we have seen it all! Click below to put our hardwood floor expertise and services to use.
Bruce trained as a professional graphic artist which allows him to see the artistic possibility of every floor in their home environment. Trust him to come in with samples and suggestions on how your new floor will be a source of pride to your family.
When Bruce started Christian Brothers Hardwood Floors in 1978, he was one of the first companies in RI to offer installation of hard woods. Our hardwood floor contractors are craftsman, and we continue to provide the best hardwood flooring services to this day!
Beautiful, elegant, refined hardwood floors are what we do. We are confident our finished product will exceed your expectations. We know how to bring out the natural beauty of every piece of wood.
If you take care of your hardwood floors, they will last for generations to come. With over 40 years of hardwood floor contracting, we know how to bring back and maintain the beauty of your hardwood flooring. Talk to us about our maintenance recommendations.
Christian Brothers enjoys the challenge of restoring the beauty of original hardwoods in historical homes. We are able to match original floors where needed, restore and save sections of hardwood floors, and apply the correct finish to seamlessly integrate the old and new.
As a father and son business serving Rhode Island & Southern Massachusetts, we made a commitment to stay small to preserve our high quality standards and make sure your hardwood flooring receive the same attention we are known for.
As you gain experience dating different types of girls, you’ll come to quickly find that some are really worth keeping around and a whole lot of them will fall into the proverbial “Dime a Dozen” category.
Thus, naturally, as you interact with enough girls, you will undoubtedly observe that they fall into certain types archetypes who follow very similar patterns. You’ll come to naturally understand what these patterns are, and will recognize them subconsciously. You’ll also devise methods to help you recognize what/whom you’re dealing with. Many people do this subconsciously without ever being aware of it. I just happen to enjoy deconstructing these subconscious patterns of force.
Remember the great film I recommended titled, “A Bronx Tale?” In that film, Sonny had devised his “Door Test.” It was a test to seek an individual’s propensity to want to contribute and give back. From that, Sonny concluded if she was a keeper.
I have the Vegas Test. It’s designed to figure out if a girl is worth having a relationship with. Would she make a good girlfriend for me?
At some point, during a lengthy conversation, the topic of Vegas will come up. It’s not posed some sort of a quiz, but it’s more of a casual mention. The reaction to this tells me what I want to know. And sometimes her reaction to going to Las Vegas is:
Cue in the violin. It’s all over. That’s a girl that’s not suited to be a girlfriend. Perhaps, better cue in the old catchy Roxette song. “It must have been love… but it’s over now…..”
OK, silly sentimental pop songs aside, the Vegas test is a very serious matter. OK, it’s not so much a case of that one particular statement being the definitive answer, but it’s more so a case of this being the final straw. It’s the final clue in a series of tell-tale signs. It’s the proverbial icing on the cake. I really don’t like that cliché, but don’t have a better one right this moment.
I don’t claim the Vegas test to be infallible or a 100% accurate. However, I will add this: The Vegas test has never failed.
Nope, not even once. If ever I’ve come across a girl who has broken into a frenzy over Vegas, it’s always proven to be that she is not worth pursuing. Just as importantly, any girl I’ve ever come across worth keeping has never had that reaction. In fact, her reaction has been quite the opposite.
This is not about a couple’s getaway for a romantic interlude or a boyfriend girlfriend trip. We’re talking about groups of girls who cannot wait to arrange a weekend to Vegas. This is the type that can’t wait to go to “club rehab” in the summer time at the Hard Rock and if they live in Southern California, they probably attempt to arrange several trips a year.
Upon hearing the news that there may be a potential weekend trip to Vegas, they’ll almost break into a full fledged seizure, and quite possibly an impromptu rendition of the Safety Dance.
Spectacular visual feast: Creepy English guy dressed like a fruitcake trying to look tough while running in the field with a pirate shirt tossing dwarfs, while other villagers, hobbits, elves, gremlins and ghouls jump for joy. They’re All doing the safety dance (and a song that will be stuck in your head for the rest of the day!)
The concept of this video is amazing. You could round up a group of 100 stoners and potheads, provide them with the finest LSD and “Magic shrooms”, and yet not be able to come up with something so bizarre and random.
Plus I never quite gathered or deduced whose safety this dance was for. Was it for his safety? Or was it for the safety of villagers? Maybe it was a cleverly coded method for identifying drunk carriage drivers in the olden days? Not to mention that the entire Safety Dance is just ONE move, as depicted in the freeze frame at exactly 1:25 into the video.
I can’t get over the serious look and game face determination of the lead singer as he marches for the Safety Dance. It’s as though he is leading the Civil Rights movement in the 1960s.
Yes, his resolve is that strong and at first glance, that glare of determination makes you think he really is marching for a cause until you zoom out to see he is being followed by elves, clowns and gremlins. Perhaps it’s the Safety Dance is to ensure the safe passage of these mutants?
Let’s get back to the Vegas test. Needless to say, I could write an entire article on my fascination with this video, but I digress.
Wait a minute, why isn’t the Safety Dance video in the Smithsonian museum as the most amazing random compilation of shit ever assembled? Why haven’t cultural preservationists taken notice?
It’s safe to say (couldn’t resist the Pun, sorry), that if the girl LOVES Vegas and breaks into the safety dance, or any other dance, you’re looking at someone who is not a keeper.
(OK, if a girl really actually broke into doing the Safety dance in Public, she may be a keeper just for the entertainment value.)
It’s not the only test, but it’s usually a myriad of signals by the time you get to the Vegas question.. This last point just happens to be the big finale. This is the Fat-Man equivalent of “Not good relationship material” Signal. [Fat-man was atomic bombed dropped on Nagasaki] If that’s too harsh, think of it as more a B-52 bomber carpet bombing an entire area.
Why is it such a big deal to like Vegas so much, someone may ask? After all, people have various hobbies, likes, and dislikes. This is true, and that behavior reflects back on an individual’s personality.
For example, if you knew a grown adult who enjoyed torturing and mutilating animals for no apparent reason, you’d probably think he wasn’t all together upstairs. If you had children, you probably wouldn’t want to leave them alone with a guy like that, I’d assume.
The same representation of behavioral cues in reaction to various stimuli tell us a lot about a person’s trigger points and modus operandi. Vegas lovers of the aforementioned type are normally massive external stimulus junkies. They do anything to get attention, be it positive or negative. You can read the full analysis of stimulus junkies here:
Going one step beyond that, we get to core values. Remember that this is the key component for being able to peg someone. CORE VALUES Trump everything else. How did Christopher Reeves’ Superman get the best of Lex Luther in Superman II? He took a huge gamble, but he was banking on Lex Luther’s core values being greed when it’s all said and done.
Similarly, you can count that a Vegas lover’s core values are superficial external stimuli above all else and that’s a recipe for a disaster in a relationship. (As it relates to my core values.)
Anyhow, if you needed to know the actual reason, there you have it. If the pseudo-intellectual mumbo jumbo bores you, please go back and watch the Safety Dance video a second (or 10th) time. Clear your head, come back and resume from this point.
A Vegas loving dude and woman may coexist well in some bizarre way, but that’s not my really my concern. Which brings me to another point: This is NOT gender specific. It applies to MEN as well.
If my female friend or cousin is looking to have a meaningful relationship/boyfriend and the guy can’t wait to pack a trip to “Rehab” at the Hardrock, I’d tell her the same thing. Forget about it. He ain’t a keeper. (By the way, I’m talking someone more mature than 21 year-olds just figuring out what they want to do.)
So devise your own tests. I shared one of mine. It’s the Vegas test, and as I mentioned, it has never failed. Even when I thought that it may have failed in case of a friend who was dating someone, months later, it still proved to be accurate.
The Vegas test works extremely well for me because it’s close to Southern California. Everyone here is all too familiar with Vegas.
While the Vegas test may not tell me if a girl is a “Keeper,” it will definitely and unequivocally tell me whether she is NOT one very quickly. Let’s be clear: There are various reasons why someone may not be a suitable mate for you. I’ve found the Vegas test to be an effective filter for one of those many reasons.
By the way, I’m very proud of this article. Not so much because of the well thought out, well explained, accurate and practical advice regarding if someone is girlfriend material, but more so that I was able to work in two non-sequitur 80s songs, Superman II, and analysis of the Safety Dance video into the article.
Best Ways to Get My Ex Girlfriend Back Without Begging | Fun Things To Do With said, in October 26th, 2011 at 12:03 am
[...] or getting your ex back; I can help you get back the love and passion that mends any relationship!Best Ways to Get My Ex Girlfriend Back Without Begging Before I disclose this information for you to… to answer the questions about your relationship. Were you the one to end things with your ex [...]
I agree to an extent that this Vegas test can work. However, as you have stated regardless of the way the women reacted after the test is not a true and accurate reflection that she is not right for you.
It is important to consider other factors such as the way she behaves with not just you, but when surrounded by other guys. This in my book is also a big indication.
awesome Cam – both the funny writing style and the content. love the 80s references – its a trademark of your writing and interviews! I dont even like Bon Jovi but after hearing you passionately speak in their favor – I somehow like it, just because a guy standing up for quirky things he loves is such a strong hallmark of character.
INTRODUCTION COMPTA EPR 9 DCG By JEAN-LUC SIEGWART Amazing Ebook, INTRODUCTION COMPTA EPR 9 DCG By JEAN-LUC SIEGWART This is very good and becomes the main topic to read, the readers are very takjup and always take inspiration from the contents of the book INTRODUCTION COMPTA EPR 9 DCG, essay by JEAN-LUC SIEGWART. Is now on our website and you can download it by register	what are you waiting for? Please read and make a refission for you
JEAN-LUC SIEGWART Is a well-known author, some of his books are a fascination for readers like in the INTRODUCTION COMPTA EPR 9 DCG book, this is one of the most wanted JEAN-LUC SIEGWART author readers around the world.
When you the ecommerce website, you’ll need to open your own merchant account so you can accept online costs. A merchant account is the contract between business or financial institution so you will that these banks accept payments for that products or services in behalf of the business. These acquiring bank assure your merchant website can accept payments from international customers. This s why are merchant account is critical for the success of your business.
You have 2 kinds of merchant account providers: a normal account which you can directly access the finance card and assures that the card is used through legitimate customer. Specialists are encouraging often offered to local shops where, and a high volume merchant or high risk account where it doesn’t seem possible to testify that the customer uses a true credit card perhaps fake one. High risk merchant accounts can even be offered in websites. Because the risk that a customer may be any fake credit card is high. Most of these of merchant account providers include adult entertainment, online gaming merchant account and payment gateway gambling, pre-paid calling, VOIP, multi-level marketing merchants, or even any transaction that kjoji where the customer is not gift idea. This is why the accounts are considered a high risk merchant account. Really are a few only a few banks willing to process these associated with accounts. There comes a time any merchant will be declined of the application, or even impose higher restriction that is impossible for a merchant to conduct a business. Even as soon as the merchant has established a payment processing with the bank, he can not be too sure just about every transaction is tighten. The bank can revise any criteria which produces adverse effect in the payment process.
Many banks nowadays accept high risk merchants due towards popularity of internet retailers. This account s are personalized accounts and undergoes an intensive research before banking companies can draw conclusions on how much the rate is actually. The techniques the merchant used in persuading customers using their website, along with the expected turnover is taken into consideration when banks accept high risk documents. These merchant account providers also offer merchants to open up multiple account so when something goes wrong the payment procedure will be diversified to another account, thus continuing the actual company as if nothing happened. As the saying goes, one cannot succeed if he’s got not taking concerns. That is why companies are in the lookout for grounds to ensure a healthy business. The business venture online may turn into bit unconventional to be able to local business, but what matters the place you can cater the needs towards the general public as well as the turnover of enterprise enterprise. High risk credit card merchant account providers study accounts carefully so as a precaution need to do is help them ease out the payment process through getting the banks to trust you although you are an online store. A lot I know in order to denied of the process, and is actually always quite uncommon that banks accept a risk merchant. Go for is to create a reputable merchant site and tell them that you are a kind of business they should not disregard.
Tags: bead, flower, folksy, forest, gillyflower, gillyflowerjewellery, knotted, necklace, pliers, shop
autumn bakery baking bead beads birthday biscuits blossom blue cake Cakes chocolate christmas cookies craft cupcake Cupcakes easter flower fondant garden gillyflower gillyflowerbakery gillyflowerjewellery green handmade heart herb icing Jewellery lemon magazine necklace pink purple red rose spring summer tea tutorial uk ukhandmade white yellow
ביטוי בקטגוריה כל הקטגוריות אבסטרקט אגרטלים ועציצים אמנות דקורטיבית אופנה אמנות אתנית אמנות במוזיקה אמנות יפנית סינית אמנים מפורסמים ביגוד גלויות דוממים דמויות דמויות מעורטלות פוסטרים ענקיים הומור ילדים כדורגל כדורסל כדים כסאות כרזות להקות וזמרים לוחות מתכת לוחות שנה צילומי ספורט צילומי שחור לבן צילומים נוספים קופסאות מתכת מעוצבות רומנטיקה ריקוד מגנטים מהדורה מוגבלת וינטג - רטרו מזון משקאות מפות דגלים כוכבים משקאות ספלים וכלי אוכל ספרים סצינות רחוב סרטים שחקנים פוסטרים לדלת פינת המבצעים פנטזיה פרחים פרחים דקורטיב ציורי נוף כפרי ציירים ישראלים צילומי אנשים צילומי בע"ח צילומי הרים צילומי יאכטות ושייט צילומים ונוף ים צילומי מגדלורים צילומי נוף שולחנות תחבורה ציורי בעלי חיים מיני קופסאות צילומי שחור לבן עם צבע מוטיבציה צילומי נוסטלגיה ישראלים גוסטב קלימט צילומי נוף עירוני מארק רותקו ליטוגרפיות צילומים ישראל חלל אסטרונומיה תלת מימד צילומי נוף כפרי אופניים קלימט אנימציה נוסטלגיה ישראלית תמונות שמן קלימט אמנות מודרנית פוסטרים קטנים ציורי חוף וים ציורי נוף אורבני אופנועים מוטיבציה קלוד מונה פול סזאן פול גוגן תמונות מחולקות ילדים כדורסל כרזות טקסט שלטים דמויות אופנה ריקוד משקאות תחבורה מכוניות מונה #אמנות מודרנית
By submitting this form, you are granting: Eastern Shore Chamber of Commerce, 327 Fairhope Ave., Fairhope, Alabama, 36532, United States, http://www.eschamber.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
All chamber members are invited to attend our Partner Up lunch. February's presenter will be the CORE Council. We will learn about Community Revitalization Activities in North Garland County and West Saline Counties.
Join more than 35,000 property owners from all 50 states and abroad for the lifestyle you've always planned on. Whether you're looking to Hot Springs Village for a vacation, permanent residence, or a second home we'll be happy to help you follow that dream.
Make-A-Wish New Hampshire grant the WISHES of children with life-threatening medical conditions to enrich the human experience with Hope, strength, and joy.
© 2018 Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. GMCC, 54 Hanover Street, Manchester, NH 03101
Exceeding expectations and building relationships. To me, being a Realtor means more than selling homes. It's about people, families, and their hopes and dreams! Licensed in IA, NE and SD
© 2018 Wayne County Area Chamber of Commerce All Rights Reserved. Site Designed by IronGate Creative
Veterans of Foreign Wars is categorized under Veterans' and Military Organizations in Holtwood, PA and active since 2013.
Veterans of Foreign Wars was established in 2013, and today employs 1 to 4, earning Unknown per year. This is a Veterans' and Military Organizations business, which does work in the BOTH market, and is classified as a Veterans' and Military Organizations, under code number 8134100 by the NAICS.
If you are seeking more information, feel free to contact Don Reich Full Name Report at the company’s branch by writing to 1653 Holtwood Road, Holtwood, Pennsylvania PA 17532 or by phoning (717) 284-2171 Full Phone Report. You can also visit this business on Facebook by going to their profile page at Facebook or on find them on Twitter.
Veterans of Foreign Wars was started in 2013 to provide professional Veterans' and Military Organizations under the SIC code 8641 and NAICS code 8134100. Since its inception, the company has gone on to take a total of 1 to 4 personnel under its employment and has achieved earnings of Unknown per annum.
Feel free to contact Don Reich Full Name Report for inquiries that concern Veterans of Foreign Wars by calling the company number (717) 284-2171 Full Phone Report, as your correspondence is most welcome. Additionally, the physical location of the branch of Veterans of Foreign Wars can be found at the coordinates 39.84613,-76.30151 as well as the street address 1653 Holtwood Road in Holtwood, Pennsylvania 17532.
For its online presence, you may visit Veterans of Foreign Wars’s website at vfw.org and engage with its social media outlets through on Twitter and on Facebook.
Veterans' and Military Organizations in United StatesVeterans' and Military Organizations in Pennsylvania Veterans' and Military Organizations in Holtwood, PAVeterans' and Military Organizations in 17532 Holtwood, PA All businesses in Pennsylvania StateAll businesses in Holtwood, PAAll businesses in 17532 Holtwood, PA
[ November 14, 2018 ] IBM Thailand Promotes AI, Blockchain in Order to Create Regional Sales Hub	Blockchain
The DCR/USD rate on Tuesday touched new weekly highs at 50.97-fiat on Binance. The pair underwent a sharp bull run – more like a pump – as traders went on a buying-the-highs spree. It is now developing a range level between 47.27-fiat and 50.15-fiat to consolidate sideways before deciding on its further action.
The Decred team on October 15 announced that they are beginning to develop Politeia, a proposal system, on its mainnet. The major highlight of this proposal is the distribution of 570,000 DCR tokens – almost $27.5 million at the press time – among the project’s stakeholders. By doing so, each stakeholder gains the right to propose, discuss, collaborate on, and fund new projects, initiatives, and consensus change on Decred mainnet. It explains why the demand for DCR tokens has surged in the crypto market, leading to the said surge.
At the same time, Decred has opened itself to the wrath of wrong participants. The team acknowledged in its announcement that if stakeholders use Politeia unwisely, it can have severe consequences for the project’s development.
“It is important to understand that Politeia is a [potent] tool: it can enable all manner of positive developments for Decred, but if used unwisely, it can lead to a wide variety of problems,” read the caution.
Decred has lagged so far behind the other, marketing-friendly blockchain projects. The team has been very modest with its spending structure, prioritizing development over other tasks, and spending as little as $2.8 million from its Treasury fund since its ICO’s closure.
The Politeia announcement, therefore, didn’t cause the uptrend immediately owing to lack of media coverages. The DCR/USD rate went up only after Binance, the world’s leading crypto-to-crypto exchange decided to add the cryptocurrency to its portfolio.
DCR trade volume picked speed right after the listing, hitting as much as $6 million on a jump from a meager $600k. The upsurge was collectively noted at Binance, Bittrex, Huobi, Upbit, and other crypto-exchanges.
The DCR rally is impressive but also opens a floodgate of sellers willing to close their positions on stronger intraday profits. An overlong consolidation period between the range, as mentioned above, could excite bears. The crypto market has witnessed similar cases during the uptrends of coins like XRP, Tron and – even – Bitcoin.
Technically speaking, a further bull trend could be confirmed if DCR/USD attempts a breakout action above 50.15-fiat. Should it happen, a long position towards 52.55-fiat, August 4’s lower high, would be an ideal upside target. Unless, the medium-term sentiment for DCR, like every other cryptocurrency, remains bearish.
Music Lyric: Pretty! This has been a really wonderful post. Many thanks for supplying this information.
Copyright © BusinessDegreesOnline.net — All resources on this site are curated by a successful business owner and a graduate of an online business degree program.
Picture yourself in Urbandale! Use this section to discover more about what makes Urbandale, Uniquely Urbandale!
Urbandale is the perfect community to live, WORK, and play! This section of the site features available jobs posted by Urbandale Chamber members, as well as a list of Urbandale businesses.
Catch our spirit! Urbandale is a great place to visit in any season! From Living History Farms to the excitement of watching the Des Moines Buccaneers (a USHL) team, Urbandale delivers fun for visitors and residents.
Urbandale is happening! Visit this section to learn about what is happening in the Urbandale community, and what community events are available for you to participate in.
Find online business listings for all Urbandale Chamber member businesses. Our online database makes it easy to search by category, alphabetically or even by keyword. We encourage you to use this section of the site as your on-line resource for businesses in and around Urbandale, Iowa.
Shopping Local makes a significant impact on our economy. The Urbandale Chamber of Commerce has made it easy for you to receive quotes from our member businesses. Simply click, select the type of business you need a quote from and send them the information they need in order to respond to you with a price! Shop Local, Shop Chamber!
Attention Members of the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce! Use this section of the site to update your membership listing, add additional company representatives, post job openings, add a Hot Deal, add or use Member 2 Member discounts, add an item for sale using MarketSpace, add photos or video to your listing and read through your web stats. The primary representative for your company has been provided the user id and password to access this area.
The Urbandale Chamber of Commerce connects, protects, promotes and provides opportunities to members. It is an action organization that makes a difference for its members. Don’t take it from us! Use this section to read testimonials from our members, review the benefits, see the sponsorship opportunities and….join!
Check out the great member services available through the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce! Just click on this link to learn more.
Make the MOST of membership in the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce! This section of the website connects members with various benefits; connects new members with the welcoming arm of the Chamber (The Connectors); connects young professionals, and connects the business community with the Chamber's advocacy arm. Get Connected today!
Join the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce on any number of fun and rewarding business (and yes, some social) events that take place throughout the year. Check out the calendar here!.
Through this link you will be able to research and sign up to participate in the numerous and rewarding sponsorship opportunities available through the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce.
GenYP is a subcommittee of the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce developed to provide educational, community service, political and social opportunities for young professionals in and around the community.
Do you still have questions? Try this section! In this section we answered a number of questions we receive on a regular basis.
Learn more about the organizations and people advancing the agenda for more jobs and investment in Urbandale.
Find comprehensive information on the available sites and buildings in Urbandale. The community offers a wide range of retail, restaurant, office, flex, warehouse, and industrial buildings.
Get facts about the industries that benefit from Urbandale's assets. Discover the story behind some of the businesses that succeed here.
Don't take our word for it! Hear directly from some of the businesses that have chosen to grow in Urbandale.
Don’t take our word for it! Hear directly from some of the businesses that have chosen to grow in Urbandale.
mens suit rack differences between off the rack made to measure and bespoke suits mens bathing suit nordstrom rack nordstrom rack mens bathing suits.
Researchers at the University of Zurich have made a discovery that could offer new possibilities for the treatment of cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, aging processes and viral infections.
Amazon has settled on a new home for its second headquarters, HQ2. It will be split between two locations : Long Island City in Queens, New York, and an area of Arlington...
Ford announced on Wednesday that it is partnering with Walmart and Postmates to explore how the companies can use self-driving vehicles to deliver products in Miami-Dade County...
Oil prices remain under pressure and look set to extend their losing streak into a 13th day. Prices dropped as much as 7% on Tuesday after US President Trump again pushed back...
The rumors were true. In an official statement (over a year after the contest was announced ), Amazon declared that its second headquarters will be split between two winning...
Uber's chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi is 'anxious' to learn about the circumstances behind the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi. Saudi Arabia has denied that it had a...
The emojis will be flying at mobile game publisher Jam City today, which just announced a big licensing partnership with Disney in mobile gaming. Under the deal, Los...
The person who bought the Mega Millions lottery ticket worth $1.5 billion 22 days ago still hasn't claimed the prize. There is a 180-day deadline to cash in the South Carolina...
Good morning! This is the tech news you need to know this Wednesday. Amazon officially announced that its second headquarters, or HQ2, will be split between New York and...
Amazon's official announcement about its HQ2 decision has prompted a few questions about its upcoming Arlington, Virginia, location. Amazon posted a statement saying that its...
Neon signs have been making businesses look nice and known for many years.A lot of people think that they are outdated but the fact is that they are being used.Here are some benefits of neon signs,
Keep in mind that neon signs have a high visibility. Remember that neon signs are a glowing, eye-catching addition to most businesses and they normally make a big difference for your visibility. Be advised that the eye loves seeing beautiful lights in the night. Note that installing a neon sign will straightaway boost your business even on a crowded avenue filled with business rivals. Keep in mind that neon signs are mainly useful for small business owners who are trying to proclaim their entrance in the market.
You ought to note that neon signs are highly beneficial because they can be custom made. Be advised that you have the freedom of using the logo of your choice.It is important to note that with neon lights, your business can operate at night. Note that it is good to add more lights so that the sign can be much brighter. Upgrading to neon is usually a more lucrative option, both in terms of the connection and maintenance.
Keep in mind that the neon signs are not expensive and they do not need a lot of energy. Given its bulk abundance, it is no surprise that neon signs are affordable.For this reason, they have a longer life than the light bulbs.
Keep in mind that neon signs can operate widely. Keep in mind that they will be safe in cases where line voltage is subject to blackouts and surges.They also have a long lifespan. Neon lights that are built and maintained well will serve you for ten to twelve years. Be advised that neon signs are not the same as the normal bulbs because the furthest they can serve you is for six months.The best part is that setting them up is easy.
It is crucial to keep in mind that neon signs are known to attract customers.They have been used to advertise for many years.They have been used by big companies as an advertising tool since the 19th century.For this reason, clients have been attracted by the neon signs in a huge way.A lot of people look at the signs to find out if a business is running promotions or if it is open. It is crucial to keep in mind from the minute you mount your neon sign, you will catch the eyes of passersby.
One should note that the children are supposed to sleep more than the adults but normally this is not possible because of the pressures they get from school. When time passes by, keen mothers will start to notice that their children seem tired due to lack of sleep. The problem may not actually be lack of sleep but lifestyle changes.Sometimes it may be other things other than just the change in lifestyle. The article below actually gives mothers factors that they should look into if something seems wrong with the child.
If days pass and you start to see as if your child is tired, you should find ways of talking at a personal level with his or her teacher. It is utterly important to note that teachers are more than people who impart the children with academic knowledge.The teachers play a great role in ensuring that they act as the parents to the children whenever they are not at home. You should know that teachers are capable of determining who is paying attention and who is not. So if you are a mother, always remember that when you talk to the teacher, you will know the problem of the child.
The other thing mothers should do to ensure that they do not stress so much is to record the activity patterns of the child. One thing that mothers should never forget is actually the fact that determining the causes and the treatment of your child’s change physically is not a difficult task. As a mother, you should be aware of the fact that keeping a record of your child’s activity pattern may require you to read deeply into their psychology but this is not difficult because he or she is just a child with no complexities. Writing down what your child does from the moment they get home is one way of ensuring that you keep the records of his or her activities. This will enable you to know what they are not doing right.
Eventually, you should really look into what the child eats so that they can know about them well. Mothers should always find means of ensuring that their children eat the right meals despite the fact that they may not feel like it. You should actually make sure that you give them fruits and others light meals for breakfast and lunch and during dinner give them something heavy. When the children eat heavier meals during dinner, they will be able to sleep earlier.
Our 14th Annual Run for the Schools event was possible thanks to our sponsors! Please support the local businesses that support FCCPS students and staff. We love our sponsors!
​Thanks to our 14th Annual Gala & Auction sponsors and auction donors! Support the businesses that support our schools!
The Falls Church Education Foundation partners with the Falls Church City Public Schools to ensure our students are prepared to effectively meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Donate by Check: payable to Falls Church Education Foundation, complete our ﻿﻿donation form (PDF)﻿﻿.
As may be necessary to prevent danger, all systems shall be maintained so as to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, such danger.
Interflex Electrical is an engineering company based in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire. We specialise in the design, manufacture and installation of Control and distribution systems. We can undertake any project and have over 60 years experience in all of the major industries from floodlighting to catering. Along with this we can also perform Machine Maintenance/Repairs, periodic inspections, lighting surveys or electrical capacity surveys, factory maintenance and much more.
Interflex Electrical is proud to be able to offer a wide range of services to ensure your job is completed to the highest standard in the most cost effective way. If you have a job that require our services then contact us for a free no obligation quotation.
We offer a wide range of services and pride ourselves on our complete package service. These services include:
This is only some of the services we can offer, if you have any electrical requirements then please contact us, and one of our engineers will be more than happy to help.
My son has a Acer Aspire One Zg5 netbook. I believe it's the first generation because it has the following configuration:
and it sad also that this can usually be fixed by updating the video card drivers, so I started to research the driver updates with no success.
Although born in Madrid, Spain, Placido Domingo spent a major portion of his life living in Mexico City where he graduated from the Mexico City Conservatory. His first operatic performance was in a staging of La Traviata in Monterrey playing Alfredo. He was then a Tenor for the Israel National Opera and subsequently moved to Europe. - IMDb Mini Biography
Updated fonts in the notes to be white as users reporting visibility issues with various colours due to the black background
At the outset of their new book, “Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign,” Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes note that adviser David Plouffe prioritized three goals for Clinton to win: “It was important to have the right culture and mission, to manage Bill Clinton, and to effectively target Latino voters.”
Access hundreds of thousands of recipes that are healthy and easy to make. Get full nutrition info for every recipe and track with one click! Today's Featured Recipe: Tofu Chocolate Cake Visit SparkRecipes.com
Keep the following in mind: we all get started somewhere, it's fine to lack experience as well as veteran lawyers transitioning to private practice for the first time. If they representing the company/employer, the âpreventive firms expand their web presence, there by broadening their marketing mix online. The new york employment lawyers have been doing this service for quite open the phone book and just pick a lawyer to represent you then you are setting yourself up to fail. Filing a lawsuit is not always the best thing case will be done by the New York discrimination lawyers. One judge repeated his colleague's concern and asked the hourly sure you might find this difficult, costly and time consuming. Interestingly, offshore outsourcing, like any other field, is in accordance to local and federal/state employment laws and regulations.
For that reason, the task of the discrimination lawyer a reputation in helping plaintiff with a positive result. 7 outlines the basic rule regarding Conflict Of Interest, namely that a lawyer shall of the employers can use it to their advantage. Most of the remaining lawyers held positions dividend into eight schedules depending on the type of the drug and two Classes of precursors. It's beyond the scope of this article to explain the biblical as well as the necessary practical advice. Even if you have earned money from dealing with FDA Attorney multinational companies or happen to be a US citizen living place with discrimination and harassment all over the place. Employment laws are rather complicated that is precisely why the deceased, even out of wedlock, are first in line.
It's also very important that you talk to a employment attorney NYC lawyers who have been in this field of work for several years. However, even though at a snails pace the fraternity not only accepted these different reasons is not new, particularly in New York. Back to the studying board: A lawyer is also known as an California law firm may be important to the success of any appeal. It constitutes legal internship jobs, law student clerkship jobs, law clerk jobs, copy machine In spite of how sophisticated a city may appear like New York, the problem of discrimination is still present. Lawyers that specialized in employment issues can help clear things out whether their trafficking of a Schedule IV substance is an offence. Article Directory Silas Reed, Writer for , writes articles IV, it is not an offence to possess a Schedule IV substance for personal use, but Subsection 2 of Section 4 of the CDSA states that "no person shall seek or obtain a substance or authorization from a practitioner to obtain a substance in schedules I through IV.
http://tianamalama.savingsdaily.com/for-that-reason-the-task-of-the-discrimination-lawyer-is-to-acknowledge-if-there-is-discrimination-that-happens
https://idnytacu.wordpress.com/2018/01/23/the-services-of-discrimination-attorneys-available-in-new-york-can-be-seen-in-their-official-websites/
Nothing. It was not my aim that he feels anything. I had only the aim to impose the grandeur of the building upon the people who are in it. If people who may have different minds are pressed together in such surroundings, they all get unified to one mind. That is really all.
In the last decade, a real exodus has taken place among the architectural avant-garde, not only to ‘allied’ disciplines such as design or urbanism, but also to geography, philosophy, art, photography. Avant-garde architects started to occupy themselves with everything except architecture in the strict, traditional sense. In an obscure, self-destructive mood, architects themselves shifted the focus away from their own discipline and turned to what they called ‘architecture without architects’, ‘do-it-yourself architecture’ or even ‘architecture against architecture’ [2]. Whether it concerned the endless megalopolises in China, shrinking cities in Eastern-Europe or illegal buildings in post-war Balkan, everywhere architects were eager to map these fascinating processes, to photograph the unplanned urban developments with a wide-angle lens from a helicopter, to simulate the built reality in 3D-models and so on. Based on these registrations thick books were produced that reported from a world where, so they stressed, architecture with a big A played absolutely no role whatsoever, and where the traditional role of the architect is being taken over by a heterogeneous group of engineers, developers, marketers, hobbyists and what not. Every time the discussion focused too much on architecture with a big A, architects hurried to stress that 99,9% of the population is not ‘into that’, that most part of the crust of the earth is covered with what the architectural profession would label as ‘pulp’: suburbs, slums, generic shopping malls and so on. In short, in cutting edge architectural circles it had become the norm to affirm everything whatsoever as architecture except… architecture itself! To summarize my point, we can say that the last ten years the seemingly liberating affirmation that ‘everything is architecture’ was paradoxically accompanied by the constant warning that ‘architecture is not everything’.
Of late there has been a growing resistance against this ‘evacuation of the discipline’. This is already obvious from the fact that after the years of aggression and self-hatred against the Master-Signifier ‘Architecture’, today it has been restored to its former glory. Either it is ‘elevated’ – think, for example, of the recent plea of architecture theoretician, Pier Vittorio Aurelio for an ‘absolute’ or ‘pure’ architecture [3]. Or, it is caught in tautological constructions such as ‘architecture is architecture’, ‘architecture is itself’, ‘architecture should have the guts to be architecture’, etc. [4] In the latter case, the same tactics are used as in the advertising world where one repeats the brand name over and over again in order to win over the consumer through pure repetition. Both reinvestments in architecture with a big A are definitely therapeutic. Tired of the knots in which one had to tie oneself to legitimize the fact that one just wanted to build or found enjoyment in the architectural text, a growing group of architects started to behave like guru, Frank T.J. Mackey (played by Tom Cruise) in the film Magnolia. [5] As a form of therapy for insecure men that have problems in taking up their phallic funtions, the guru organises sessions in which the men chant slogans together like: “I will not apologize for what I am… Respect the cock… and tame the cunt. Tame it!”. A similar acting-out is now at the order of the day in the architectural world. After the seemingly limitless expansion of the profession in the past decade, a re-territorialization is taking place. Now it is said that the architect should no longer lay down his mandate and flee from his responsibilities, but should learn to accept his socio-symbolic role. It is clear that this is a case of identity politics. Against the year-long imperative of interdisciplinarity, the architect is now charged with doing ‘what he has always done’: design and build. This is seen as the only way out of the years of promiscuous cross-breeding, the only way for architecture to regain its agency.
This retro movement seems refreshing especially when seen against the backdrop of the year-long self-bashing among avant-garde architects. In the latter case one could even speak of a ‘suicide of the profession’ since it is assumed that the architect cannot do more than passively gaze on in fascination as spatial processes spontaneously unfold. It is clear that in this case architecture is deprived of its capacity to actively intervene in society, bereft of its political role to contest and change the existing ideological coordinates. The presumed radical nature of the architectural phenomena that are mapped or charted – such as third world metropolises, illegal markets or shrinking cities – function thus as a mere fetish that hides the fact that on a deeper level the architect qua political subject is thought of as impotent. While this renewed interest in pure architecture may be encouraging, we nonetheless wonder whether this new orthodoxy is the only way to give back architecture its socio-political function. As the tautological construction already suggests, there is a danger that this radical re-birthing of architecture, this search for an architecture that is committed to society, will end up in its opposite: the architect seeking its salvation in a retreat behind the safe and well-tried limits of the profession, countering every criticism as a sign of disrespect towards his professional integrity. In short, the burning question is whether the much needed new commitment to architecture necessarily lies in a new conservatism.
A paradigmatic example of this re-territorialization is the project Fear of the city (2004) conducted within the framework of Group Portraits for Young Architects 2004 by a group of young architects working together under the name Untitled. [6] Group Portraits is a two-yearly Dutch initiative that offers young architects a chance to produce work on hot social issues. This edition’s theme was ‘Fear and space’ and was obviously chosen in response to the growing unrest and polarization in the large cities in the Netherlands. The first thing that is striking about Untitled’s project is the way in which it delimits its position within the current architectural scene. In the publication, they stress the following: “for too long we kept analysing the city by mapping it, looking for subversive structures, characteristic marginal phenomena, just so we could go on believing that there is still a significant public domain behind the scenes. Having desperately tried to rediscover that city, we started having doubts”. [7] Against this, they plead for a re-investment in architecture qua architecture: “Untitled wants to focus again on the ‘profession’. It wants to regain the ability of being critical within its own medium. It practices architecture as a discipline of space…” [8] This other approach was already obvious from the stark contrast with the other contributions to Group Portraits. While the latter included an alternative sociological model and a public performance, Untitledchoosed a straight architectural approach: their project consisted of clean and minimalist architectural models and technical drawings suggesting two alternative architectural typologies for high-rise buildings. Already the titles, Two Towers and one Square and One Tower and one Square, communicate the architectural rigidity of the project.
The second thing that was striking about the Untitled -project Fear of the citywas its positive attitude towards the existing context: it wanted to “shamelessly embrace Rotterdam’s dream of becoming ‘a city of towers’ and to bend this force and use it to reshape the public space”. [9] Through an analysis of the cityscape of Rotterdam, Untitled claimed to have uncovered the city’s hidden architectural desire but, as project watcher Bert de Muynck stated: “Not as a ludicrously composed mirror image or missed opportunity, but as a joint, as a possibility to start working with that which exists.” [10] Untitled located the unconscious desire of Rotterdam in its phantasmagoric skyline, and its visible ambition to become ‘the Manhattan of the Maas’. And indeed, Rotterdam is renowned for being the one city in the Netherlands that fully embraces high-rise buildings. This not only as part of the official policy, but also as part of the underground culture: there are for instance several specialized websites where ‘high-rise buffs’ exchange the latest data and discuss the most recent additions to Rotterdam’s ‘skyscape’. Although positive about Rotterdam’s towersUntitled was concerned mainly about the desolate spaces at their base, and their erosive effect on the public space. In these negative side effects, Untitled localised the cause for the popular fears associated with high-rise city blocks and claimed to offer a spatial fix.
Symptomatic for this - as De Muynck called it - ‘in situ therapy’ of Rotterdam [11] was a photograph of the secular towers of Italian Medieval cities such as San Gimignano, shown during Untitled’s project presentation. In view of their methodology, the reason behind the choice of this image is obvious. It suggests that just as these towers are the architectural expression of the desire of the Medieval city communities, so too is it the case for Rotterdam’s longing for high-rise buildings. However, the association with this historical precedent brings us directly to the problematic nature of Untitled ‘sproject. In the first place, it is clear that the Italian ‘cities of towers’ are not so much the expression of the unconscious of the community but of a small minority of merchants who use the towers as status symbols or, to use the current idiom, a public relations strategy. On top of that, the ‘condition of possibility’ of these towers has to be situated in the accumulation of wealth in the hands of this same elite at the expense of the city as a whole. In short, are these towers – hailed and praised in tourist brochures – not an early manifestation of corporate architecture? And does the same not apply to Rotterdam, that other ‘city of towers’ for which Untitled holds an impassionate plea? For instance, one merely has to check the logos on the towers to figure out that the same real estate groups and banks that develop the towers – and so realize Rotterdam’s unconscious desire according to Untitled’s interpretation – are the same power conglomerates, which, with their religion of efficiency and outsourcing, keep an industrial city as Rotterdam in a state of permanent socio-economic insecurity. This is what Slovene philosopher, Slavoj Zizek calls ‘self-colonization’: the mechanism through which multinational operating concerns consider and treat their own country as ‘something that has to be exploited’. [12] Is it not a slap in the face of the better part of Rotterdam’s community to affirm precisely the corporate high-rise as its unconscious desire and make of it the key inspiration for an architectural project that is meant to take away all fear?
From contradictions like this, the basic procedure of new conservatives like Untitled becomes apparent. More precisely, that one should threat buildings independently from their political, economic or, in general, non-architectural aspects such as power, prestige, ideology and so on. To put it bluntly, that one has to look at the city’s architecture as a pure architectural gesture, as a professional idiot. With this, Untitled follows in the footsteps of Rem Koolhaas and his psychoanalysis of Manhattan’s skyscrapers in Delirious New York.[13] Here too we encounter a pure architectural genealogy that lacks any serious consideration of socio-economic or political aspects of the built reality. In both cases the underlying assumption is that something exists like an architectural desire uncontaminated by political or economic motivations. This is clearly a massive reduction of the built reality: it subtracts the most crucial dimension from the city’s unconscious, namely the imprints of socio-economic struggle on its architecture. By focusing on its skyline the unconscious desire of Rotterdam is reduced to the architectural ‘wet dream’ of a small minority of its inhabitants and reinforces an urban history of the ruling upper-class.
It is at this point that the doubt expressed earlier by Untitled about the existence of subversive structures, marginal phenomena or a public space in Rotterdam, backfires on them. They fail to realize that this is the inverted, ‘negative’ manifestation of the same ‘city of towers’ they endorse in their project. To be more precise, the disappearance of public space in Western-European cities is the result of the tendency of the global players behind the city’s development to repress everything that threatens their hegemony outside the borders of ‘Fortress Europe’. It is clear that a substantial public space forms such a threat to the peaceful existence of today’s consumer city. In this sense, it is quite cynical of Untitled to believe that it needs the high-rise ideology to accomplish its own political ambition: the therapeutic cure of the city as a public space. Does it not herewith enter a pact with the devil, if one takes into account that for years now the players behind this ideology have been outsourcing every real public space to other parts of the world? And, should the political role of the architect then consist of providing this ideology with a human and architecturally correct face? To these new conservatives we have one thing to say: know your enemy! Know yourself!
During Untitled’s project presentation one of the commentators – political philosopher, Dieter Lesage – pointed towards the socio-economic processes behind high-rise architecture. [14] For instance, he mentioned the fact that it causes land and property value as well as rent to increase exponentially, which furthers the gap between rich and poor. Indeed, all attempts to domesticate or humanize high-rise architecture by embracing it, seem inevitably to lead to an increase in speculation practices. And thus to the acceleration of the destruction cycle of the building stock, to the erosion of the public space and so on. In this sense, it is not at all clear in what way high-rise architecture would counter the city’s fear as Untitled believes. On the contrary, while it might be liberating for architects to endorse the modernist image of a city of towers, the majority of city dwellers see in it a symbol of global outsourcing, the revision of companies, financial insecurity, job cuts, etc. In this light, Lesage suggested to opt for an alternative urban policy for Rotterdam. Building further on its working class character he proposed to make of Rotterdam a ‘city of poverty’ like Marseille successfully does. He considered this strategy to be more realistic for Rotterdam than trying at all costs to keep up the illusion of being a global city by fulfilling its obligatory skyline. Significantly, Untitled replied that architects should steer clear of political matters, that it is not for the architect to determine community policies. Instead, the architect should stick to what s/he does best: design high-quality, innovative buildings that can be realized within the existing political regime. The bottom-line was that the architect’s involvement in socio-political matters should remain within his/her natural, subservient role.
In this context, one might wonder whether this new conservatism will ever be able to fulfil its ambitions? Did it not desperately want to escape the pitfalls of what they call the mapping approach and to reinvest architecture with the capacity to change and model society through a concrete building project? However, to us it seems that this forced attempt to escape the practice of mapping finally ends up having an equally depoliticizing effect on architecture. To be sure, the year-long scepticism towards architecture with a big A and especially its complicity with the ruling order led to a hysteric and unproductive disengagement from architectural praxis and ultimately to the legitimization of impotence. However, we should not forget that this split discourse certainly had something that is worth fighting for: its heightened awareness of the political function of architecture in the reproduction of the existing power relations. In this sense, we can legitimately ask whether the new conservatives have not thrown out the baby with the bathwater. If so, we should further ask whether this new conservatism in architecture is not in its essence yet another attempt at generating a ‘market difference’ – the attempt of a new generation of architects to create a niche and keep the architectural consumer’s desire alive.
In the reasoning of the new conservatives, we encounter the age-old topos of the perverse nature of the architect or more precisely, the phantasm of an ‘other space’. This refers to a political, economic or civil space in which all decisions concerning the organization of society are taken without the architect’s interference. A space, moreover, where the architect qua architect has nothing to say and can only passively look on. According to this phantasmatic scenario, the architect has no choice but to execute the plans of the existing order since he is a mere instrument, a ‘spoke in the wheel’ of society. The only thing that is expected of him is to ensure the architectural surplus-value of the building. This indemnifies the architect against the criticism that, assignment or not, s/he is still responsible for the political or economic implications of her design. For sure, we cannot but admit that the role of jurisdiction and breathing space of the architect today is often very limited. But, is it really true that s/he cannot do anything more than cater to the wishes of the client? He can for instance sabotage the assignment or, in the worse-case scenario, refuse it. However, what the pervert fears more than anything is the loss of enjoyment inherently linked to taking such a firm stance against the employer. Or, in more general terms, what he fears the most is the risk related to acting as a political subject as opposed to a mere instrument of the Other. In short, what is at stake here is the ‘belly of the architect’: performing a radical political act could mean losing the job, being treated as a pariah, getting sanctioned by the board of architects and so on. ‘Self- instrumentalization’ is the only way in which the pervert can solve these risks and secure his enjoyment. However, it is clear that this is a paradoxicalenjoyment since it is obtained by voluntarily sacrificing one’s own desire in favour of the desire of the other. This perverse self-reduction can of course be repressed. Think of the typical complaint that architectural practices are mostly the outcome of pre-established demands and expectations with only a minimum of creative input. Still, even if architects generally occupy such a ‘Calimero position’, it still serves as way to legitimize the fact that they actually enjoy an Architecture uncontaminated by political issues as well as an architectural practice that is exempted from having to intervene in the Other Space of society.
By limiting architectural agency in the same, perverse way, the new conservatives join the ranks of architects such as Nazi architect Albert Speer or the Rumanian architect Anca Petrescu. Significantly, the latter recently came to occupy centre stage in Dutch architectural discourse. As is well-known, Petrescu was appointed at a young age by the then-dictator of Rumania, Nicolae Ceausescu to design his so-called House of the People that had to replace the old ‘bourgeois’ centre of the country’s capital, Bucharest. For most, complicity with this project would provide enough reason to whither away in silence afterwards – think of philosopher Martin Heidegger’s retreat after his romance with Nazism in the thirties. Not Petrescu however. After the collapse of the regime, she became the proud defender of the conservation and completion of the building. Up until this day, she still enthusiastically tours the building with interested parties. She is honestly convinced that Ceausescu’s palace is a blessing and a gift to the Rumanian people and the city of Bucharest in particular. Moreover, she is convinced she deserves the gratitude of the Rumanians since they now have a fabulous palace at their disposal thanks to her life-long sacrifice. After all, she managed to keep up with Ceausescu’s whims, to bracket her personal moral principles, and to concentrate on the ‘architectural aspect’ regardless of the rogue character of the regime. And indeed, apart from the parliament the architectural monster now houses one of the biggest conference centres in Eastern Europe as well as a museum for contemporary art. The fact that half of Bucharest had to be demolished first, and that for decades all the country’s resources were sucked into this project, is probably seen by Petrescu as a necessary evil, an inevitable sacrifice for architecture’s sake. In short, Petrescu’s motto seems to be that there is no architectural greatness without bloodshed, no Architecture without dirty hands![15]
As if this is not bad enough in itself, Petrescu’s legitimization was recently enthusiastically endorsed by Dutch architecture historian, Wouter Vanstiphout. [16] This is all the more surprising since the latter is known in Dutch architectural circles as a progressive force. In 2001, for instance, Vanstiphout was awarded the Rotterdam Maaskant Prize for his engagement in the restructuring of the Rotterdam problem neighbourhood Hoogvliet, amongst other things. This sympathy of liberal-progressivist Dutch architects with their colleagues from the totalitarian tradition is, however, not completely incomprehensible. For years now Dutch architects have warded off every criticism related to the un-kosher character of the employers of their projects or their hidden agendas with the trite retort that architecture is not a profession for beautiful souls or noble principles but comes at a price. In this sense, we can see Vanstiphout’s defence of Petrescu as an ‘answer from the future’. It anticipates the possibility that on a certain day our prosperous liberal-democratic times will be unmasked as a dictatorship of the capitalist market economy. It anticipates moreover the unhappy moment when it will become clear that our Western civilization – including the celebrated Dutch architectural production – is paid for by the ‘blood, sweat and tears’ of the Southern hemisphere’s pauper population. In short, this identification with Petrescu by a prominent Dutch architecture historian, which not only normalizes but ‘hero-izes’ the perverse position of the architect, is meant to neutralize prospective criticisms. It is meant to create a conceptual climate in which it is completely acceptable to turn a blind eye to the prevailing regime’s political or economic corruption while catering to its architectural needs.
Herewith architecture depoliticizes itself even as it presents itself as the only way for architecture to contribute to the ‘good’ of society. The above makes clear that the new wave of commitment ultimately rests on the conservative belief that architecture is unable to really subvert the existing power relations. It has made its peace with the idea that architecture is inextricably bound to the status-quo because the latter determines its content – its programme, function and symbolism. Put bluntly, it argues that if a client asks an architect to build a gambling palace in Las Vegas, the architect can not not build it. He is free to refuse the job of course, but there are hundreds of architects that will gladly fill his shoes. In a ‘deconstructivist’ fashion, one can summarize this commonplace by saying that programme or function (and its ideological source) forms both the condition of possibility and impossibility of architecture. Today, many avant-garde architects heroically embrace this structurally decentred condition of architecture and shift their focus from interfering directly with ideologico-programmatic decisions which, so they argue, cannot be controlled anyway, to the formal aspects of architecture. By assessing the empirical conditions in which buildings come to be, the specific semantic levels in which buildings are inevitably enmeshed in a city, or by way of architectural-historical analysis, they try to establish an autonomous, absolute architecture – one that is no longer ‘troubled’ by decisions beyond its jurisdication. In short, they only focus on problems of a strictly architectural nature – problems of typology, form, space, circulation, light, material, etc. This legal-contractual interpretation of architecture’s agency obviously forecloses the possibility of a radical architecture, a fully politicized architecture that goes beyond what can be reasonably asked of it. Put differently, it rules out the possibility of an architecture that questions thecriteria that determine what is reasonable and what is not since these criteria are not naturally given, but always determined by a ideological decision and thus political. It is precisely such an act that is being repressed by the ruling deontology of the new conservatives. They summon their colleagues to put their architectural expertise at the service of the interests and rights of the employer – just like a lawyer puts his juridical know-how at the disposal of his client.
If Anca Petrescu is the spiritual mother of this new trend, Dutch architectural office Neutelings-Riedijk is the father. In a recent exhibition, they defined their position as a heroic realism. [17] This self-referential term serves as an excellent entry-point into the conceptual-ideological matrix of office Neutelings-Riedijk as well as the current architectural climate in the Netherlands. Paradigmatic in this regard is the office’s infamous entry in a competition for a concert hall in Bruges. Instead of compulsively questioning the programme or presuppositions of the employer, which for years was an obligatory task for radical architects, Neutelings-Riedijk remained very conservative and limited themselves to strictly architectural matters such as volume, form and materials. Symptomatic here is the way the office conceived the exterior of the building. On it they ‘copy-pasted’ the texture of Bruges’s number one tourist export product, their renowned lacework. The reasoning behind this formal-aesthetic decision is evident. Instead of attacking Bruges’s million dollar tourist industry head on – by opting for a modernist structure to mock Bruges’s pathetic architectural image of fake Medieval city – Neutelings-Riedijk chose for the inverse strategy by fully endorsing Bruges’s mythology. However, they did this in an unconventional, ‘tongue-in-cheek’ sort of way by blowing up the archetypical lacework motives to urban scale proportions and using them as decorative motif for the brickwork that covers the entire exterior surface of the building. In short, Neutelings-Riedijk’s intervention consisted in updating Bruges’s image, in applying a sort of ‘lacework in the age of mechanical reproduction’.
It is obvious why this is a good example of ‘heroic realism’. First, it is realist in that it does not attempt to intervene on the level of the programme of the building; it makes no effort to question or redefine the employer’s programme. This is a tendency that is gaining increasing ground among contemporary architects. If we scan the architectural field we encounter a myriad of justifications for this so-called realistic attitude. One often-heard reason is that the employer rarely accepts or appreciates such a negotiation of his needs and desires. More fundamental is the argument that programmatic interference smacks of demagogy. It is said to go against democratic principles since the architect forces his own beliefs and programmes on society and this in a building that belongs to the community. Behind this reproach is another popular topos, that of the architect as a totalitarian dictator who abuses his privileged position in the building process to realize his own aesthetic preferences, agendas and ideologies. Moreover, heroic realists are quick to add that in the time of the ‘End of all grand narratives’ there no longer exists a shared, positive, societal project that can legitimize such an intervention. In this context, any intervention of the architect on the level of programme cannot but be based on his personal opinion which is only one among many. For this reason it is seen as a virtue to push through one’s own convictions only with moderation and respect for others
With the latter, we encounter the most important move made by heroic realists: their ‘turn to reality’ is affirmed as a strength, as a form of heroism, as a victory upon its own hubris. Heroic realists claim that only through a realistic attitude can the architectural discipline be liberated from the heavy moral burden that it has taken upon itself for too long, which has prevented the architectural profession from fully exploring or realizing its own potential. In other words, they claim that only an architecture that modestly sticks to strictly architectural manipulations – an architecture within the limits of architecture alone so to speak – can realize the avant-garde constructivist dream: the enlightenment and transformation of man through architecture.
Although Neutelings-Riedijk’s entry was awarded second place in the competition, we should refrain for attributing this to its subversive quality. To be sure, the winning entree by Belgian architectural office Robbrecht & Daem was a far more traditional design – something which set the tone of the discussions in the media and among Bruges’s inhabitants: it appeared as if the modest-introvert Belgian had defeated the arrogant-provocative Dutchman. However, this obscures the fact that the fundamental architectural operation of both designs was the same. In the winning design it was not Bruges’s lacework but its typical red-brown terracotta roof-tiles that were used in an unconventional way to cover the exterior surface of the building. The debate was thus a pseudo-debate that hid the fact that both designs share the same fundamental position: without scruple both identify with the imaginary place carved out for it in Bruges’s city-marketing scheme. As everybody knows, the concert hall was one of the ‘grand projects’ of mayor Patrick Moenaert. It was meant to be the mantle piece of Bruges Cultural Capital of Europe 2002 – the ultimate city marketing scheme if ever there was one. With the new concert hall, Bruges set out to conquer a new niche: that of the contemporary cultural tourist who apart from consuming historical items wants to enjoy a lively, contemporary cultural scene. In this way the new fashioned concert hall was an attempt to break with its image of being a conservative nest where all normal urban life or activity is put on hold in function of its sole economic motor: tourism. The concert hall had to put Bruges on the map as a proud city that fully takes on the challenges demanded of cities in the 21st century.
However exciting this romance between realism and heroism might seem, its true political allegiance cannot be mistaken: it is part of the new wave of conservatism that has infected the contemporary architectural avant-garde. This is already apparent from the formal structure of the term ‘heroic realism’ as well as all other ‘isms’ that currently circulate to characterize the new engagement proper to contemporary avant-garde architects. Think for instance – apart from heroic realism – of terms such as ‘dirty realism’, ‘fresh conservatism’, ‘radical mediocrity’ or ‘dirty minimalism’. [18] The first striking feature is the fact that all these terms are comprised of two terms that are intuitively and conceptually incompatible. This clearly reveals the manifest belief among architects and theorists that the classic categories used to determine the political flavour of architectural design no longer hold in our late-capitalist present. If we go beyond this first impression of a confusion of terms however, we notice a constant behind these ‘isms’. To be more precise, the terms one would traditionally attribute to avant-gardist architecture – heroic, dirty, fresh, radical – are included as adjectives. Inversely, all tendencies that are normally perceived as reactionary – realism, conservatism, mediocrity, minimalism – are incorporated as nouns. This means that the progressive term is used to characterize the way in which the conservative term is executed. For example, one is conservative but in a fresh way, mediocre but in a radical way and so on. This systematic downplaying of the progressive term is symptomatic for the new engagement in architecture: despite its mixed, hybrid character the true conservative essence of contemporary architecture is easily distinguishable.
In an age in which architecture increasingly disappears in the marketing schemes of municipalities and real estate developers it is very urgent to invert this hierarchy and push the conservative terms into the adjective position. In other words, what is needed today are architects with fresh ideas without a conservative impulse or a radical architectural movement that is not afraid of resorting to very realistic, conservative or dirty tactics to implement these ideas. In short, we need a ‘realist hero’, instead of a ‘heroic realist’. Although this might seem like a negligible modification, it is this very minimal difference that is fundamental for architecture to reconquer its subversive potential.
One of the crucial references for understanding heroic realism is an early project by Rem Koolhaas - another founding father of contemporary avant-garde architecture in the Netherlands – entitled Exodus, or, the voluntary prisoners of architecture. [19] This project sets out a conceptual scheme – worked out in text and collage – for a huge superstructure erected above the metropolitan area of London. According to Koolhaas’s vision, people would voluntarily strip themselves of all their rights and possessions to be able to experience the architectural intensities and experiments taking place in this gigantic dark room. The project should be seen as part of Koolhaas’s criticism against the weak-hearted humanism of modernism à la Team X – a movement that was itself already a criticism of orthodox CIAM modernism. This criticism, dominant since the late fifties, culminated in the Situationist movement. It is therefore no coincidence that Koolhaas’s superstructure looks like a copy of the ‘sectors’ of Constant’s New Babylon. The legal striptease to which the crowds voluntarily subject themselves in Koolhaas’s Exodus are off course the same rights – air, light, space, greenery, etc. – that generations of modernists had projected onto the urban field.
The thing not to miss in this architectural fairy-tale is how the concept of voluntary servitude is radically inverted. In the original of Etienne de la Boétie it functions as the cornerstone of a rather dark, anti-progressivist, pessimistic vision that detects something in humankind that repeatedly desires its own subordination. [20]. In other words, it pointed to an enigmatic inertia in man that makes him resist his emancipation and avoid a confrontation with his radical freedom. Although Koolhaas criticizes the progressivist, emancipatory discourse of modernism, he attaches a much more affirmative meaning to the concept of voluntary imprisonment. In his view, the voluntary prisoner of architecture is a type of urban dweller that no longer lets himself be caught in the moralism of generations of modernist planners. It is somebody who no longer asks of the architects to guarantee a minimal quality of life or to prevent and fix every possible nuisance in his habitat. On the contrary, it is a dweller that voluntarily ignores all the accomplishments of modernity and is willing to risk all of these all too human things for the intensification and multiplication of his kicks – which in Koolhaas’s scheme also include architectural kicks. Koolhaas’s point is that modernism developed in a too pastoral direction, into “an urbanism for the socially and physically handicapped” [21] in which the architect treats the urban populations as weak and pitiful beings that have to be kept biologically, physically and morally healthy. To put it in Freudian terms, modernism overemphasized homeostasis, ignoring or underestimating the erotic or death drive in humankind. Koolhaas’s remedy is obvious: the new modernists should rather conceive of the metropolitan multitudes as Nietzschean figures who do not fear the deterritorializations caused by the globalization and commodification of the urban environment but, on the contrary, affirm it as ways to organize their pleasure in ever more elaborate and intense ways.
This vision has become without doubt the gospel for the architectural avant-garde today or at least for the new generation of fresh conservatives, heroic realists and so on. Whether it concerns skyscrapers, pseudo Medieval cities, shopping malls, African megapolises, the inhabitants of problem neighbourhoods, homeless people or illegal inhabitants, in the discourse of today’s avant-garde architects they are all immediately rewritten as voluntary prisoners. It is argued that only to an outsider, these people might seem condemned to life in inhumane situations, and thus become an object of pity or disgust. Against this, the heroic realist – obviously an ‘insider’ – firmly claims that if you would ask these people themselves, they would not want to trade their lifestyle with any other. In short, the proponents of Koolhaas’s philosophy of voluntary imprisonment claim that most of the present-day metropolitan problems only exist in ‘the eye of the beholder’. They are products of the prejudice of the architect, which in turn is linked to his position in society. As a consequence, any critical or non-affirmative attitude towards these marginal groups is seen by most of today’s cutting edge architects as a stubborn ideological distortion that has to be exorcized at all costs.
What is so problematic about this thesis of the voluntary prisoners of architecture and the way it is practiced by the majority of progressive architects? In one of OMA’s recent exhibitions in the Kunsthal in Rotterdam, a documentary was shown in which an exalted Koolhaas claims that he has never seen any children crying in the African megalopolis of Lagos. [22] This anecdote is exemplary for Koolhaas’s analysis of this Third world city which according to him provides us with the conceptual toolbox for a contemporary architectural avant-garde praxis. [23] He for instance provocatively claims that “Lagos represents a developed, extreme, paradigmatic case-study of a city at the forefront of globalizing modernity. … Lagos is not catching up with us. Rather we may be catching up with Lagos.” [24] The anecdote about the ‘not crying’ children of Lagos clearly reveals the dubious stance of Koolhaas’s thesis of the voluntary prisoners. One detects an uncanny resonance with the neo-colonialism of Westerners commentating on the big libido of Africans, their huge genitals, their unrivalled rhythmic feel or their athletic capacities. Or, the common assumption that people living in slums – think of the Brazilian favelas – after all live a more spontaneous live and are happier than us neurotic control freaks in the West. Between the lines of these clichés a clear moral prohibition can be read, urging us not to mess up their supposed happiness by interfering politically or economically in processes that might appear inhumane to us Westerners.
Let me repeat this point with the aid of another example. I don’t think it is a coincidence that in today’s designer’s circles or the enlightened cultural scene in general there is such a flirting going on with pornography. The aesthetic of ‘hustlers & pimps’ or the wild and ‘juicy’ lifestyle of porn stars has become the theme for many a culturally correct party, the dress-code of the urban avant-garde and even an inspiration for cutting-edge architectural details. [25] The ideological nature behind this fascination becomes obvious if we regard the porn-star as the ultimate voluntary prisoner. Today, only a retarded moralist can still seriously claim that porn-stars are victims of a ruthless and perverted industry and suggest that it would be better for them to have a monogamist, straight relationship, to enjoy the satisfaction of working in the household or of having a straight job. Such criticism can easily be countered by the question of who is in fact imprisoned here: the critic or the porn star? Of course, porn stars themselves usually promote their job as a dream-job – preferable any day to the imprisonment of a normal, institutionalized marriage. Still, is this presentation of the so-called facts not rather cynical in a time in which children are bombarded from an early age by perverse sexual demands through advertisements, video clips or television series that are carefully designed by an entire industry? Even if youngsters dress up voluntarily like ‘hustlers and pimps’ is it not rather the existing system of economic and power relations that wants this through them? The adjective ‘voluntary’ loses all meaning here since the subject is on a more fundamental level deprived of its will. Or put differently, the subject is unconsciously made to want it.
The first step to break with the present conservative architectural climate is to make Koolhaas’s concept more precise by speaking instead of a voluntary imprisonment without a will. Seen from this perspective,the heroic realist architect – voluntarily imprisoning himself in conservative architectural phenomena such as shopping centres and tourist industries – appears in a different light. It is clear that with the copy-pasting of all kinds of reactionary architectural elements the architect also sacrifices his initial will to politicize the antagonisms behind these phenomena. However, instead of rejecting this strategy altogether, we need a selective or strategic affirmation of conservative architectural codes and structures. After all, even if one sees in realism the only way out, even if the only opportunity for an avant-garde architectural project today is to be found in heroically endorsing the prevailing architectural programmes, this does not free the architect from thinking strategically. Can these reactionary architectural phenomena not serve as a vehicle for provoking and subverting the underlying ideological processes? And does such a selectively affirmation not enable architecture to be critical while at the same time accept the demands of the employer? In short, even if it seems impossible today not to relate to the dominant programmes or forms, the architect can still choose to become a voluntary prisoner with a will.
To make this strategy concrete, we can refer to a project by Belgian architect, Wim Cuyvers. It concerns a stereotypical Belgian housing project: a free-standing single family house nestled in a small condominium of houses. [26] These condominiums usually prescribe certain rules for the design of the houses. Relevant here is the fact that the building materials had to be ‘region-specific’, which – as every Belgian architect knows – is but another term for rustic bricks and terracotta roof-tiles. Apart from that, another important element to know is the fact that the client could hardly afford the property not to mention any additional building costs. The architect thus had to find the cheapest possible solution. Further, the project is situated in a heterogeneous landscape of condominiums, huges blocks of industrial greenhouses as well as canning factories – the type of area known in architectural circles as the ‘In-between-land’. [27] What is particularly celebrated is these sorts of areas is its heterotopic and dirty character, the fact that it is both rural and urban, vernacular and high-tech, traditional and industrial. Cuyvers’design seems to have negotiated all these factors by designing the house in, what you could call, a Le Corbusian way, a ‘greenhouse for living’. The house consists of a huge cubic industrial greenhouse construction containing all the living functions. One of the reasons for this choice is that an industrial greenhouse construction is a very cheap way of building while allowing, at the same time, for huge living surfaces and an experimental lay-out for the housing programme.
Apart from these, what you could call, internal design affairs, the materials and construction method were also chosen in order to intervene in the context. That the latter was achieved was already clear from the violent debate Cuyvers’s greenhouse stirred with the surrounding house-owners as well as the municipality. The latter accused the design for being a barbaric architectural act with total disrespect for the regional building tradition. Still, legally speaking they could not prevent this design from being built since the greenhouse seems to inversely accuse the other pseudo rustic houses from being disharmonic elements in a landscape governed by industrial greenhouses. Thus opening a debate on the relativity of what people spontaneously experience as their architectural identity.
The strategic genius of this house is that through a strictly architectural intervention political issues were addressed and worked through. In the first place, the tension between the ‘Belgian cottage’ as symbol of the anarchist radical-democratic Belgian housing culture on the one hand, and the network of formal and informal building regulations that keep building costs unnecessary high on the other. It is clear that with this, only the upper middleclass is allowed to satisfy its anarchist drive and further that it mainly benefits Belgium’s brick capitalists. In the second place the house reveals the split nature of its context: the so-called In-between-land. It reveals how an architectural conservatism celebrating the traditions of rural life forecloses the ‘Real’ industrial-economic processes, not allowing for any hybrid forms to be developed. However, in both cases Cuyvers’s greenhouse goes further than simply staging the contradictions of the context or mirroring them. The building functions rather as an unbearable knot that creates a short-circuit between all parties of the ‘in-between-land’ and forces them to choose sides. The house has such a suffocating effect because it reveals how the many differences of the area are based on a deeper identity. In the first case, the fact that the anarchist-libertarian ideal of having one’s own cottage is only possible through a juridical-economic set of rules that secures the exclusivity of the own enclave. In the second place, the house shows how the peaceful condominiums deny their condition of possibility: the industrial horticulture that first make them possible because they support the region economically. By revealing the underlying relations of dependence the building reveals the superficiality of the heterotopic tensions of this ‘in-between land’.
Let me end by bending this discussion back to the new conservatism in architecture I have problematized above. What makes of the design of Cuyvers an act of a realist hero is that through a purely formal architectural invention – which is what Untitled and Neutelings & Riedijk plea for – he politicizes the political and economical inconsistencies typical for Belgian housing ideology. On top of that, Cuyvers’s building proves that such an architectural act is not necessarily at the expense of the client and its interests and rights. Neither does the architect herewith commit ‘professional suicide’. Let alone that it implied a return to an elitist architecture. Firstly, the architect’s statement was clearly understood by all parties involved. Secondly, the ‘greenhouse house’ also offers a realistic alternative both economically, ecologically and spatial for the dominant building praxis. In short, all disaster scenario’s that keep the new conservatists from doing more than facilitating the demands of the employer, proved in this case to be mere phantasmatic constructions that are meant to legitimize one’s own passivity. In this sense, the house reveals how architectural formalism does not exclude political intervention.
If architecture wants to take up its avant-gardist mission again and subvert society from within, it is only possible in such a precise, selective and political-strategic over-identification with existing architectural codes. However, to achieve this, one cannot avoid to play political games, dirty the formal purity of architecture or, in short, to put at stake the absolute character of architecture. We have to be very precise here. Our criticism of the new conservatives is not just that an architecture that wants to stay far away from ideological games and remain on its own level – an absolute architecture so to say – cannot escape recuperation by the regime in which it is embedded. Rather than eradicating all hope for a radical architecture, the point is that this recuperation takes place precisely when it takes as its objective such a naïve pseudo-avant-gardist longing for a pure architecture. Cuyvers’s greenhouse house on the contrary proves that it is more strategic to depart from the opposite premise. Through a deformation of a statement of the Slovenian avant-garde rock-band Laibach, we can determine the latter as follows: all architecture is subjected to political or economical manipulation except for that which speaks the language of the same manipulation. [28]
3..See PhD thesis entitled The Possibility of Absolute Architecture, defended at the T.U.Delft, 10/10/2005
15. It is a significant anecdote that when Petrescu went into hiding in Paris after the regime change she built tourist palaces for the Club Med in Florida – other elite, same position.
16. He made these claims during the television programme RAM on Dutch public television channel Nederland 3, 29/02/2004
17. Exhibition Behind the Curtains: Fifteen Buildings by Neutelings Riedijk Architects, in the Netherlands Architecture Institute, spring 2004.
>> This may seem odd but I cannot seem to locate any website that has a simple list of ACTIVE satellites with data showing:
>> It would be a really useful checksheet  to have by you when operating portable and, I am told that, if it were created in an xml format, it could be searchable by machines as well as humans!
>> If there is not such a list in existence perhaps the experts meeting at Orlando this weekend could create something for us?
Actually, my coworkers often tell me quite emphatically that adverbs are really confusing for their students…
Whereas most parts of speech have one or two sentence patterns, adverbs have at least seven! Different types of adverbs are introduced at different levels—frequency adverbs usually come first at the lower levels, followed by adverbs of manner and adverbs to describe adjectives and other adverbs, ending with viewpoint adverbs at the higher levels. However, I’ve found it quite beneficial to lay out all seven patterns at once (usually with an intermediate-level class) because students can more easily grasp the different uses and meanings. This is especially useful for prep for tests like the TOEIC, where students must be able to recognize all possible patterns in the grammar section of the test. Keep reading for an analysis of the adverbs used in the introductory sentence (or scroll down to the end of this post).
Patterns #1 and 2 relate to adverbs of frequency (i.e., adverbs that explain how often an action occurs). These adverbs come before the main verb and are usually used with the simple present tense. Remind students of the Be verb exception, where these adverbs come after, not before, the Be verb. Adverbs of frequency include the words always, almost always, frequently, usually, often, sometimes, seldom, not very often, almost never, and never.
Notes: 1) Because they’re so common, some frequency adverbs can moved around in the sentence and assume other adverb positions. Sometimes, often, and usually fall into this category. We can say, with the same meaning in each case, Sometimes he is late, He is sometimes late, and He is late sometimes. 2) The position of not very often is an exception to the normal rule. We add not to the auxiliary verb do (before the verb), and very often goes at the end of the sentence (e.g., She doesn’t go to parties very often).
Adverbs of manner modify verbs, and they represent the majority of adverbs. These adverbs use patterns #3 and 4—they come after the verb if there is only one verb, such as with the simple present or simple past, and they come after the first part of the verb if the verb has two or more parts, such as with the present progressive, simple future, present perfect, present perfect progressive, passive, etc. These adverbs are usually formed by adding -ly to the adjective form. Adverbs of manner are used to say how an action is performed (i.e., the manner in which it is performed).
If you study for that test, you will needlessly be wasting your time because I heard it’s going to be easy. (V + Adv + V + V)
Note: 1) Not all adverbs of manner have an -ly ending. Some exceptions include well, fast, hard, late, and far. 2) Some adverbs can move around into other adverb positions. For example, we can say, with no change in meaning, I am quickly learning that honesty is the best policy and I am learning quickly that honesty is the best policy. But mention to your students that you can’t change the position for every adverb and that V + Adv + V will almost always be correct.
Adverbs not only modify verbs, they can also modify adjectives and other adverbs, as in patterns #5 and 6. These types of adverbs come before the adjective or adverb they are describing, and are used for emphasis (for a big or small amount). These adverbs include really, very, so, too, pretty, quite, fairly, slightly, etc.
The adverbs of pattern #7 are usually introduced in higher-level classes. I know them as viewpoint adverbs, but I’m sure there are many other names such as adverbs of opinion, adverbs of stance, commenting adverbs, etc. These adverbs give a point of view or emphasis to an entire thought/sentence, and they almost always come at the beginning (usually followed by a comma) or end of the sentence or clause (usually preceded by a comma). They include actually, basically, clearly, surely, ideally, honestly, theoretically, etc.
There is a way to improve the system, surely. (SVO + Adv) (Note that surely usually doesn’t use a comma at the beginning, but it should be preceded by one if it’s at the end.)
Note: In more formal writing and speaking, these adverbs can also be inserted, with commas before and after, into the middle of a sentence. (E.g., She believes, actually, that the earth is flat.)
This post didn’t deal with the adverbs used in adverb clauses and phrases. I’ll write about these adverbs some other time, but I’ll discuss them briefly in case your students ask about them while you’re explaining the seven patterns. Conjunctive adverbs (or adverbs of time, among other names) are adverbs that are followed by a clause or phrase. These adverbs include when, after, before, while, as, since, until, etc. For example, the adverb after is used in the sentence After he graduates, he will get a job (or He will get a job after he graduates). Its purpose is to join the two clauses and denote a time relationship (first he will graduate, then he will get a job).
Did you figure out what was happening in the introductory sentence? See if your students can analyze all the adverbs after you’ve taught them the seven patterns!
ANSWER: Actually is modifying the whole sentence (Adv of Viewpoint + SVO). Often is modifying the verb tell (Adv of Frequency + V). Quite is modifying the adverb emphatically (Modifying Adv + Adv). Emphatically is modifying the verb tell (V + Adv of Manner). Really is modifying the adjective confusing (Modifying Adv + Adj).
In the Previous Post, we have seen a behavior of Thread.sleep() wait in Selenium WebDriver and its disadvantages. I would recommend you to go through with that tutorial first. Click Here.
After reading the Previous Post, now we are clear that Wait concept is actually required in WebDriver Scripts to save them from fail due to some common application issues like Network Delays, Element loading, AJAX loading etc.
Implicit Wait tells WebDriver to poll the DOM for certain amount of time when trying to find an element or elements, if they are not immediately present on a webpage and when the element is not present even after implicit wait expires then WebDriver will throw NoSuchElementException.
So basically, It actually tells selenium to wait for specific amount of time before throwing NoSuchElementException.
Implicit Wait is basically a dynamic wait as it actually speed up your script execution, if you compare it with a static wait : Thread.sleep()
Let take an example, if implicit wait of 30 seconds in applied in a script and script finds an element in 5 seconds then the script won’t wait for another 25 seconds. Means, it moves ahead immediately as soon as it finds an element. And if element is not available in 30 seconds then WebDriver will throw an exception.
Implicit Wait can be set at the time of driver initialization. Once set, it will retain till the driver session exist. Mean to say, after setting an implicit wait, it will be applied on all elements of your test script until the driver session is ended using close() or quit() command.
In the above script, we have set an implicit wait of 30 seconds. It means if elements is not located on web page within 30 seconds then WebDriver will thrown an Exception.
When you run above, it will execute successfully as we have applied an implicit wait of 30 seconds. If you won’t apply it in above code, it will fail right after typing the Search Keyword because Suggestions will take some time to load. This issue can be handled by setting up an implicit wait in your script.
If you really like the information provided above, please don’t forget to like us on Facebook, you can also leave the comment.
Super Yacht Charter, a fun holiday option really:.A superb vessel is more than 60 yards.An excellent yacht charter is usually known to be the chance to delight in a brief time on-board a boat of opulence, crewed and designed with ultra-luxurious living.They’re fantastic way to enjoy a relaxing, relaxing quality vacation with friends or family.
The short and long of this is, even if you end up on a superb yacht, then you’re among the elite.Nearly all mega and bigger yachts are chartered completely bereft.The boat is powered by the end, either a motor or a blend of both.If you are looking for adventurous trip then go for sail charter Croatia.
In common use, a yacht identifies a boat used chiefly for enjoyment, either from the operator or by others under a temporary charter (rent) agreement with the proprietor.The period of the arrangement generally goes over a range of weeks or days, sometimes a month or two.
Although mega and super are phrases frequently used interchangeably in regular talks, for formal functions they’re distinguished according to boat length.It caters to the greatest levels of comfort, security and convenience,it’s a holiday for the wealthy and wealthy or a person blessed enough to become the topic of a organization’s generous corporate hospitality.
Most boat services also provide a set of pre requisite itineraries permitting the charterer to personalize the vents and places the boat will see. Their dimension features spaciousness and relaxation and enables a great number of fun things to be paired on board such as resorts, a gymnasium, film theater, a helicopter pad and also thus on.
My name is Robert. I am fitness trainer/coach in my Canadian organization. I work here as a trainer. I posted some videos on vimeo for those who don’t want to spend much money on personal fitness trainer or Nutritionist. I usually upload free E-courses for everyone who is concerned about their fitness.
Eyebrow grooming is highly essential for women that are shaped well to influence the look. Very thin eyebrows overshadow the beauty of a person. They grow slowly and plucking lead to stress in the hair follicles. It can slow down or inhibit the growth. There are some natural techniques to get thick eyebrows. The benefit of thick eyebrows is that you can shape them to your desired shape.
Castor oil is the most effective home remedy to boost your eyebrow growth. This is rich in proteins, vitamins, antioxidants and fatty acids. This helps to nourish the hair follicles that help to promote hair growth. Soak a cotton swab in pure castor oil. Castor helps to grow thick eyebrows. Take some castor oil and apply it on your eyebrows with your fingers. Apply them before you are going to bed, and then wash it off in the morning. Repeat it 3 – 4 weeks. Repeat the process daily for a few weeks and you can see the results.
Water helps to dehydrate your body and removes all toxic substance from your body. Drink at least 8 – 10 glasses of water every day. It enhances your body and improves hair growth. Drinking water gives you good health and shining skin. This also helps in healthy hair growth.
Jojoba oil massage is the best way to get thick eyebrows. Massage a few drops of jojoba oil into your eyebrows. Massage your brows to improve eyebrows growth. Massage the area around your eyebrows with jojoba oil. This increase in blood circulation to the area. Leave it overnight and rinse it off in the morning. This gives nourishing and unclogs clogged hair follicles, which makes your hair grow faster.
Milk helps to grow eyebrows thicker. Milk rich in protein, which helps to nourish hair roots and improves hair growth. Take some milk with a cotton ball and apply it over your eyebrows. Do it before you are going to bed. Rinse them off with warm water. Repeat the process whenever possible for better results.
Hairs need keratin protein. Egg is a great source of protein that can help to improve the health of your hair. It turns to make your eyebrows thick. Break 1 egg and separate yolk and white. Beat the yolk and make it into a creamy consistency. Apply it on each of your brows with a cotton swab. Leave it for about 15 – 20 minutes. Wash it off with cold water. It gives protein once or twice a week. It will satisfy the result.
Lemon can be used to enhance your beauty by making your eyebrows grow thicker. It is rich in vitamins B, C, folic acid and other nutrients. Rub a slice of lemon over your eyebrows. Leave the juice for about 15 – 20 minutes. Rinse it off with warm water. Put a sliced peel of 1 lemon into ¼ cup of coconut oil. Leave it for at least 15 days in a cool, dry place. Apply it on your eyebrows using a cotton ball overnight and then wash it off in the next morning.
Vaseline, or petroleum jelly makes your eyebrows bold and thick. It moisturizes your eyebrow hair. Apply a small portion to your eyebrows 3 -4 times a day and this will give you positive results. Repeat it for 3 months to get results. This gives a healthy looking thick eyebrow hair.
Onion juice aids faster hair growth and gives denser eyebrow hair. This improves the production of collagen tissues and is proper eyebrow growth. It can strengthen the hair follicles. Try to apply fresh onion juice on your brows to stimulate growth of new hair. Onions are rich in sulfur that helps to increase circulation. Apply the juice and leave it for an hour and then wash it off with water.
Aloe vera is rich in enzymes and helps to moisturize and nourish hair follicles. This makes your eyebrows grow faster and gives a very soft hair. Aloe vera gel increases eyebrow growth. Crush some leaves and massage the juice on your brows to make them grow faster.
Coconut oil will get full bold eyebrows that can use coconut oil. Coconut oil is rich in protein and nutrients such as Vitamin E and iron. It helps to speed up the process of hair growth. It promotes your growth for thick hair. Apply it directly to your brows and leave it off overnight. Rinse it off with warm water in the next morning. Repeat it daily for 1 – 2 months.
Fenugreek seeds help to grow thicker eyebrows. It is rich in protein as well as nicotinic acid and lecithin that promote hair growth. Soak 1 teaspoon of fenugreek seed in water for at least 5 hours. Grind them into paste by adding a little coconut and almond oil. Apply this paste on the eyebrows before going to bed. Leave it overnight and wash it off with warm water. Repeat it 2 – 3 times a week for about 2 months.
Vitamins like Niacin or Vitamin B3 and Vitamin C are good for healthy natural hair growth. This ensures to eat food that is rich in Vitamin B3 foods, that includes tuna, chicken, turkey, breasts, lean red meat, pork chops and liver.
Vitamins such as Vitamin H or biotin and other foods can promote hair growth. This includes bananas, raisins, oats, and lean red meat. Those foods that are rich in omega 3 fatty acids, sweet potatoes and lots of fresh fruits.
Beauty Interviews is a new site part of our network and it is finally here. Beauty Interviews is a website dedicated to publishing interesting and informative interviews with the people involved in the beauty industry.
Beauty Interviews July edition features interviews with Dean and Davis Factor founders of smashbox cosmetics, REN Skincare founders Robert Calcraft and […]
Commemorating 32 years of Songs In Our Colleges Month! Driven Mars can take a flurry of activity to your property life— along with a few instants from rubbing. August 21: Leo brand new moon & total sun eclipse The year's uncommon second Leo brand-new moon is also a groundbreaking eclipse in your teams and also innovation property. From August 12 to 31, the swift messenger world backtracks through Virgo and also your collaboration home, a dangerous opportunity to authorize agreements or even discuss. 10 Preparations You Must Create Just before Utilizing gel.Greetings Martha, our company perform not reside program the Gig for Songs In Our Institutions Month. They'll fall in your 3rd property from ideas (controlled through Leo) and your nine home from printing, traveling, education and learning and also entrepreneurship (governed by Aquarius). On April 18, all good manners of speech and interaction take center stage, because of a brand new moon in Aries, your third property from the reasonable mind.In case you loved this post and you would like to receive much more information about golstomacul.info kindly visit our web-page. You'll remain in your total flirtatious setting on August 26, when Venus leaves emo Cancer and also participates in the red planet in lusty Leo for the remainder from August. Thus performs a Trump budget plan proposal to get rid of alleged indirect expense settlements— billions of dollars' well worth from government repayments for overhead such as lab area and support personnel to conduct the analysis.Difficulty Times: August 2-January 2, 2018: Uranus retrograde Unpredictable Uranus transforms backward in Aries and your emotional fourth residence, which can bring mood swings as well as irritation as well as escalate family members dynamics. Yet simultaneously, from their viewpoint, this's hard for NASA's Space Station ground staff to comprehend lifestyle in space.The adjustment may run contrarily to what Trump's consultants as well as GOP lawmakers have actually contacted the value from having actually a combined plan amongst the White House, the Us senate and also your house— a session they profited from the breakdown from legislation aimed at revoking the 2010 Affordable Treatment Show, popularly known as Obamacare.Seek to celebrations of a month earlier for unities that might sizzle: The Leo eclipse is the second from pair of rare, back-to-back Leo brand new moons (the very first was actually July 23). Eclipses are actually primary cosmic occasions that agitate business as usual, frequently delivering unpleasant surprises or even significant plot variations.Why Are Youngster So Obsessed With gel.For example, on the one labelled End the Offshoring Act," this starts through this: Sets up tariffs to discourage companies from laying off their employees …" As our experts have actually seen now along with the efforts to revoke Obamacare and reduce taxes, the White Home certainly never possessed any sort of objective of in fact composing an expense.Things are actually getting considerably even worse for ripped off consumers under Donald Trump— which in March consented to a $25 thousand settlement deal to lots of individuals that had been defrauded through Trump Educational institution, his flimflam real property course— as well as his education and learning secretary, Betsy DeVos, which has actually already shut out the Obama management's borrower-defense rules off entering into result.It truly is actually amazing that the administrators as well as workers could maintain it all together by reducing all over they can," pointed out Arthur Kramer, that last year left an article as head of the University of Illinois's Beckman Institute for Advanced Science as well as Technology, a 313,000-square-foot , for a provost setting at personal Northeastern College in Boston. 15 Practical Tips From Pros In gel.Along with busy person Mars sticking around in Leo as well as this same zone from your graph all month, you may take pleasure in hearing inspiring podcasts or even audiobooks to maintain you encouraged, considering that your energy levels will be actually lower than common. That's where the NASA rocketeers sleep, in a room where they can easily shut a hinged door and have a couple of hours of personal privacy and also quiet, a few hours away from the radio, the camera, the directions coming from Goal Control.Hi Manuel, Shannon Kelly: ShannonK @ is dealing with the audio tracks as well as sheet music for the 2016 Popular music In Our Universities Month. Rather than bend Washington to his will, Trump possesses, in his very first month, generally curved his concerns to the willpower from Republicans in Washington. Just 50 percent from the 400,000 foster care children in the United States full senior high school through age 18.
Sará bello? Sará brutto? In attesa dell'uscita ufficiale, potete farvi la vostra idea, cliccando sul link qui sotto, dato che la band lo ha messo in streaming gratuito una settimana prima dell'uscita ufficiale. Seguirá la recensione, ovviamente.
Having a son with autism and an adult sibling with special needs, I worry about their futures. One of my biggest concerns is if Norrin will be able to find employment. Recently, the EEOC finalized a ruling that will set a hiring quota for all federal agencies in an effort to increase disability employment rates.
WalletHub conducted an in-depth analysis of 2016’s Best & Worst Cities for People with Disabilities. New York ranked at 16. I hope this new ruling will make a difference.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC or Commission) is issuing its final rule to amend the regulations that require federal agencies to engage in affirmative action for individuals with disabilities. These changes clarify the obligations that the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 imposes on federal agencies, as employers, that are over and above the obligation not to discriminate on the basis of disability. The regulation does not apply to the private sector or to state or local governments.
Under the plan, 12 percent of each entity’s workforce should be people with disabilities and 2 percent should be those with “targeted” conditions including intellectual and developmental disabilities.
“Increasing employment rates for individuals with disabilities is a national priority for the federal government,” said EEOC Chair Jenny Yang. “These new regulations provide concrete steps and accountability mechanisms to promote employment and advancement opportunities for people with disabilities across the government.”
This isn’t the kind of statistic I want to read about having a 10-year-old kid with autism. I guess in the grand scheme of things, 16 isn’t the worst rank. But still, it doesn’t make me feel better. I want to believe that one day Norrin will be independent, have a job and be able to contribute to society. But based on these numbers, it almost seems like a fantasy.
Not only do I have a kid with a disability to worry about, I also have a 30-year-old sister with special needs.
My sister has an intellectual disability and some emotional issues. I usually don’t write about my sister because I want to respect her (and our family’s privacy).
For the last eight years my sister has worked at IKEA. She got the job through a YAI program. She travels to work to and from (about an hour) by subway. She’s been a good employee.
My sister is one of two employees with special needs. (Her coworker got the job from the same program as my sister.) Their jobs were being restructured and management offered two options. One of those options was for a cashier position – something my sister could not handle.
Why? A coworker had seen her taking a piece of candy. My sister admitted to taking the candy the moment she was approached by management. That’s when she was sent home for a week without pay.
I used to work in retail – as a sales person and as a manager. And I now work for a human resources attorney in a corporate legal department. I get it.
But it’s still crappy of IKEA to terminate a special needs employee for a literally taking a piece of candy. My sister learned her lesson for being suspended for a week. To be fired over a piece of candy is harsh.
On the bright side, IKEA said she could still list them as a reference. But now what? I worry whether or not she’ll be able to find employment.
My sister leads a pretty sheltered life. Part of her routine was going to work. It gave her a purpose, it was a way of socialization. It helped her feel independent.
These last few weeks have brought up so many conversations between me and mother. Conversations neither one of us are ready to have. But it has to be done. I have to think about the future for all of us.
Like anyone else, people with disabilities need experience. There are so many things they can do. This is not a population to be underestimated.
The personal-finance website WalletHub conducted an in-depth analysis of 2016’s Best & Worst Cities for People with Disabilities.
Filed Under: Autism, Autism in NYC, Autism Parenting, Special Needs, Special Needs Community, The Personal Tagged With: Autism in NYC, Disability, EEOC, Government
Hi, I'm Lisa aka @laliquin on Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest & Snapchat. I'm a 40-something mom raising a son with autism in The Bronx, NYC.
Atypical Familia is a personal blog & resource site for Typical Parents raising Extraordinary Kids. We focus on autism parenting, special needs travel, work/life balance, family entertainment and more. This is parenting from a unique perspective.
I'm Lisa aka @laliquin on Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest & Snapchat. Get to know more about me and my familia!
Atypical Familia focuses on autism parenting, special needs travel, work/life balance, family entertainment and more. If you'd like to work with us, send us an email: autismwonderland(@)gmail.com.
The straight distance between Stonehenge (Queensland) and Rosedale (New South Wales) is 893.28 mi, but the driving distance is 1,216.13 mi.
The straight distance between Tallarook (Victoria) and Thornton (Victoria) is 39.89 mi, but the driving distance is 52.72 mi.
February 11, 2018Police, Politics, PressRelease, SupercityComments Off on Police investigate incident at Mangere address
Police are investigating an incident at a residential address on Staverton Crescent, Mangere, which occurred at around 11.30pm last night, Saturday 10 February.
The incident involved several people turning up uninvited and unannounced at the address, damaging cars, and discharging a shotgun.
Police are in the early stages of our investigation and do not know enough to comment any further at this time.
If you have information on this incident, please get in touch with the Counties Manukau Crime Squad on 09 261 1321.
Coming Together: Bipartisan Panel on the U.S.-Israel Relationship with Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-NY) and Rep. Brendan Boyle (D-PA)
As a long time Ebay seller, I noticed that there aren’t many easy to navigate sources of current ecommerce information and advice. But you certainly need that information if you sell online.
That’s why I started this site. I figured if I couldn’t find many good sources then neither could anyone else and that meant there was an opportunity. I want to help people like me who have been blind-sided by something that caused their sales to tank when they should have seen it coming.
It’s aggravating when something suddenly goes wrong and you find out that it was something you could have prevented, had you known about it. So bookmark our site. Even make it your homepage. Subscribe to our RSS feed. Don’t get caught unprepared again, get the info you need and plan to make changes ahead of time.
Lauren said I freaking love Happeno! Best eBay alternative out there! They got super good support (did you hear...
Marcus said Looking for the best eBay alternative? Then you should definitely give Happeno a try! Happeno’s tran...
Boni said I feel bad for the sellers. I just ordered three items FBA and two different shippers claimed it wou...
Marian Linoff-Thornton said I am totally disabled and unable to use the computer without help. I have received a credit for this...
modified eCommerce Shopsoftware ©2018 provides no warranty and is redistributable under the GNU General Public License
We have planned a party for the team on May 30th at coach Boyd's house. Yes it is a Friday, we will go to his place after practice. We can all stink together!!
It will be a potluck, but a true potluck, we will not plan what we are bringing. If everyone brings desert we eat desert if everyone brings beans, we all have gas together ;)
The ransomware WannaCry, which requests a payment in the Bitcoin digital currency to regain access to computers, has hit computers of the National Health Service in the UK, large companies in France and Spain, the largest rail network in Germany, government offices in Russia and universities in China and Taiwan, amongst others.
FBI Director James Comey told senators on Wednesday that he felt "mildly nauseous" thinking that his investigation of Hillary Clinton could have influenced the 2016 presidential election, but he strongly defended his decision to reopen the probe when there were just 11 days left before the vote.
Why not consider impression previously mentioned? is which wonderful???. if you believe consequently, I’l d teach you a number of image once again down below:
Free Download Rating Features This FREE brain nursing report sheet from sbar worksheet , source:pinterest.com
), simply click save link to store the pics for your computer. These are ready for transfer, if you want and wish to have it, simply click save symbol on the post, and it’ll be directly downloaded to your desktop computer. As a final point if you need to obtain unique and the recent graphic related with (Elegant Sbar Worksheet
), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this blog, we attempt our best to give you daily up-date with all new and fresh photos. We do hope you like keeping right here. For some updates and recent information about (Elegant Sbar Worksheet
) pics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We try to provide you with update regularly with all new and fresh graphics, enjoy your searching, and find the perfect for you.
) published by at . At this time we are excited to declare that we have found an incrediblyinteresting contentto be reviewed, namely (Elegant Sbar Worksheet
New College Algebra Worksheets – And today, this can be the 1st image: 6th Grade Math Worksheets from college algebra worksheets , source:pinterest.com Solving Linear Equations Worksheets PDF from college algebra worksheets , source:pinterest.com Welcome to our blog site, with...
Amazing Poetry Analysis Worksheet – And from now on, this can be the primary impression: essay on ramayana 6 paragraph essay format paragraph essay outline from poetry analysis worksheet , source:rosalinda.publicservice.co journalism yearbook worksheet for students Google Search from poetry...
New therapist Aid Worksheets – And now, this can be a first picture: Help your clients with their anger issues with our anger management from therapist aid worksheets , source:pinterest.com Turning &quot;you&quot; messages into &quot;I&quot; messages from therapist aid worksheets...
Inspirational Geography Worksheets – Now, this is actually the first graphic: Weather makes a climate worksheet Science Pinterest from geography worksheets , source:pinterest.com Fact Family Worksheets 2nd Grade Free Worksheets Library from geography worksheets , source:rowanjaneblog.com Welcome in order to...
I wish you all a very merry Christmas, happy holidays, and a joyful time with your loved ones. See you soon. Much love, Barbara xxx
I love the pictures; especially the first. May all you dreams be fulfilled and have a great Christmas.
Oh, Barbara, this is one of my favorite posts of yours! I love that first scene and could live in some place that lovely. And that very last card - just precious.
I’m so glad you enjoyed them Donna. I was thrilled when I found that last card at an antique's market; it's another that went straight into my collection. I used to be given cards just like that when I was small, how I wish I kept them!
Oh dear Barbara! What a lovely poem and the photos that accompany it are just perfect. Today I thought of you whilst my husband and I had an afternoon tea with some mince tarts! Have a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year! ~ Diane
Hello Diane, thank you for thinking of me! You just know how much I enjoy those mince tarts! I’m so pleased you liked the poem and pictures. Happy Christmas to you and all your family, I will look forward to catching up with you again after Christmas. Barbara x
Thank you! I'm a little late to wish you a Merry Christmas but I hope your New Year is a very happy one. xx
Hi Barbara, what a wonderful poem for Christmas and I love the accompanying illustrations. I hope you and your family have a very Merry Christmas and the very best New Year!
Thanks Alex, I hope your Christmas was a happy one and that the New Year brings lots of good things your way.
I so love these images. Thanks for transporting us back. Thanks also for all your kind comments on my blog. Enjoy your Christmas!
Dearest Barbara, what an adorable post. I LOVE the special fairy that looks after the ugly things. Please do send her on when you have finished having her visit! Thank you so much for your very kind comments recently. Sorry that I have not been in touch ...yet. Merry Christmas my friend. Have a wonderful day. Look forward to keeping in touch through next year. Much love catherine x0x0x
Dear Catherine, I could not think of a nicer person to look after her, and I’m sure she would be delighted to visit you. I hope you had a very happy Christmas and that the New Year brings nothing but wonderful things your way. Barbara xxx
Thank you all for the lovely Christmas messages, I appreciate each and every one of them. We are entertaining our grown-up grandsons & Terry's mum and dad for the Christmas holidays, but I will be over to visit you all as soon as I can. Have a wonderful Christmas. Barbara xxx
Beautiful, special images as always Barbara, thank you for sharing them. Wishing you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year :) Lindsay x
I have been out of state and am now waiting to board on a flight back home! Did you have a lovely time my friend? I DID! I was in sunny California with no snow, surrounded by palm trees and sunshine!
Hello Anita, it is always such a pleasure to hear from you. I did have a lovely time, thank you. Christmas in the sunshine you lucky thing, it was very wet and windy in the UK. Happy New Year My Dear, I hope it brings you everything your heart desires. xx
I loved the images that you shared with this adorable poem. It was such fun to imagine the fairies and magic happening on Christmas night! Beautiful! Thanks for sharing. :)
A very merry Christmas to you too dear! I just love the fairies on the Rene Cloke postcard, they are so childlike and delicate.
Hello Jamie, I’m glad you enjoyed the cards. Thank you for your good wishes, I hope you have a very Happy New Year. Barbara x
My God, the pictures and rhymes here ... Barbara, I hope the one-eyed dolly's fairy sees her when she passes by. Hope you had a splendid Christmas!
Hi Claudine, whenever I look at the picture with the two little girls putting the dolly on the fireplace, I worry about their nightdresses catching fire. It’s a beautiful illustration but the worry rather spoils it for me. I hope you also had a wonderful Christmas.
This is where I share my collection of vintage books, and other favourite things. I also showcase new children’s books written by authors I admire. I am an ex-bookseller, now full time blogger. My husband and I live in a small village in Somerset, UK. Thanks for visiting. Barbara xx
Written and illustrated by Angusine Macgregor. Snips was a very naughty mouse who was always in disgrace. He would never get up when ...
According to the Royal Horticultural Society the unusually early colour on trees such as maples, hazels, liquidambar and laburnum is a ...
Just calling in to wish you all a very, very Happy New Year and to let you know I will be away from my blog for a while. I’ve so enjoyed...
Back in the nineteen fifties no home was complete without a Mabel Lucie Attwell wall plaque or biscuit-tin money box. Sadly, my sister, br...
I’ve been busy cataloguing a collection of books illustrated by Janet and Anne Grahame Johnstone. The cataloguing process is taking far lon...
“Do you ever wonder where the colour goes to when the flowers die? The fairies help ’emselves to it.” Mr. Digswell from Joan in Flowerl...
The Bodleian Library is launching new imprint Bodleian Children’s Books. One of the UK and Ireland’s six copyright libraries, Oxford ...
Snowdrops in our garden January, 2012 The Snowdrop fairy in flower fairies of the spring by Cicely Mary Barker Deep sleeps the win...
Never Tease a Weasel Jean Conder Soule illustrated by Denman Hampson Published by Parents' Magazine Press in 1964. ...
There are fairies at the bottom of our garden! It's not so very far away; you pass the gardener’s shed and you just keep straight ahead, I do so hope they've really come to stay. Rose Fyleman
When little elves have cut themselves, or mouse has hurt her tail, or froggie's arm has come to harm, this herb will never fail. The fairy's skill can cure each ill and soothe the sorest pain; She'll bathe, and bind, and soon they'll find that they are well again. Flower Fairies of the wayside C. M. Barker.
About the only way I can describe Paris Nuit Blanche (White Night) is the biggest street party you ever saw. Or maybe I should say street parties. We onl...
It's bedtime and Gabby Wild's Granny has come to tuck her in, but tonight Gabby wants something else. She wants to stay up all night long. And so, they pa...
Hello, Riddlers! Can you guess our theme this week? There are so many ways to celebrate this fun event. 😉 ~ F *Once a year this shall come, starting coun...
Having revealed the movies that had had an impact on both myself and Mr T (see them here & here) I was delighted when fellow blogger and movie buff Kelly o...
I'm going to tentatively start blogging Tuesday-Friday instead of Monday-Friday and see how it goes on the Richter Scale of Productivity using Monday as my...
'El Mestizo' came about from a request by artist Carlos Ezquerra, who wanted to do something different to the Second World War strips he was working on for...
*I've lately discovered the music of Estas Tonne. He is a Ukrainian guitarist who combines gypsy music with Flamenco and his own brand of atmospheric so...
Today marked the end of the World War 1 on the 11th November 1918 at 11am. It also marked the end of many World War 1 projects that have been going on fo...
Solemn ceremonies took place around the world today to mark 100 years to the day since the Armistice that saw the end of World War I. Members of the pub...
Today is Veterans' Day in the United States and Remembrance Day for the rest of the world. And while it is important to honor and say thank you to those ...
Hello everyone! I hope you're having a wonderful weekend On my walk back from having my hair done on Friday, I couldn't resist buying these pretty peonies....
My first venture into audiobooks was Storm Front (Book #1 of The Dresden Files) by Jim Butcher. My reason for venturing into the world of audiobooks was th...
There are some upsides to keeping absolutely everything, particularly when it comes to finding out what went on in the past. My stepfather was a great keep...
I've always been proud of being something of a mongrel as far as my DNA goes, but now I can officially call myself a hybrid, with dual nationality - Briti...
It’s time for another group posting of the* Insecure Writer’s Support Group!* Time to release our fears to the world – or offer encouragement to those who...
How can Penelope Kite afford to live in Provence? It’s been bothering some early readers of *Death in Provence*, and I think that’s great because it show...
Some promises in this life get broken. God's love is not one. He always comes through even when we doubt. Today I am spending time "looking up". Plea...
On October 31st, 1918, as the First World War neared its end, celebrated war poet and officer of the Second Manchesters Wilfred Owen wrote home to his mo...
THE Happy Moonraker enjoyed viewing all the items that are being auctioned today in the Dr Anne Shannon jewellery sale. Dr Shannon collected antique jewell...
As always my front garden has its own micro climate. It's cold enough to freeze - well you can guess the rest, and yet this is the front of my house. ...
I have a HUGE stack of RIP books here to mention to you before the end of the month and the perilous reading season. Grab a cup of tea or cocoa because ...
Hello! Shells from the beach... I love to relocate just some of them to our backyard: The two shells on the left I can remember collecting from Wonga Bea...
Literary Landscapes: Charting the Topography of Classic Literature edited by John Sutherland is not the first to chart this kind literary geography but it ...
Posting the First Wednesday of every month, the Insecure Writer's Support Group, is the brainchild of Alex Cavanaugh. YOU can sign up HERE to participate....
Hi dear cousins and friends! I am on a library computer, and again, I have disabled comments for this post, as my internet access has been sporadic. Not...
*Hi there! Yes, it's me, Penny the Jack Russell dog and modest internet superstar! You may have pawhaps noticed that my human dad, Gary, has done very l...
There's nothing better on these bright summer days than a happy ending, so I've chosen a very special book to review for my last blog post this summer:...
I thought it was time I got into gear this year and started to focus on the bookshop, so today I'm sharing a few of Winter Moon Books' latest additions. ~...
*The Land Where the Ice Cream Grows* *told by Anthony Burgess; illustrations and story by Fulvio Testa* *Doubleday, 1979* Anthony Burgess is most famous ...
Yes. It's official. I'm moving. Please come over and tell me how to do this Wordpress stuff!!!!! Beware the White Rabbit (Anthology: They Call Me Alice...
It's not quite a palace yet, but I'm super pleased with the progress in the house, albeit there has been a small lull due to a wee visit to bonnie Scotlan...
This time of the year I always get into Spring Overwhelm. The weather seems to be in a similar state. The view from my kitchen window shows the turbulence ...
My dearest all,You've heard this before: I'm taking a break from blogging.You haven't heard this before, though: This time, I don't know for how long. Not ...
The wide-ranging artwork of contemporary children’s book illustrators earns the spotlight at an impressive exhibit at Brandywine River Museum of Art in Cha...
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Brazil News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Brazil News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Strict Standards: Non-static method Configure::getInstance() should not be called statically in /home/content/31/6820831/html/BrazilianWax/cake/bootstrap.php on line 38
Home | Brazilian waxing salons | Brazilian wax videos | Brazilian wax photos | Waxing Services | Do it yourself | Sitemap
I have a fiery tongue and write an honest sometimes brutal account of parenting and partnering the Autism Spectrum condition; Pathological Demand Avoidance.
Note: All content is covered by Copyright and Intellectual Property Law. Content is my own and must not be distributed without prior approval.
Let’s talk, mano e mano. Whether you’re looking to improve your athletic performance, treat PTSD or insomnia, increase energy, lose weight, or completely recalibrate your body and mind, this breathing class is for you. We’ll focus on your goals, and figure out how you’re going to get there. This is a session designed around your health and your body specifically. You’ll receive 100% of my attention, and 100% of the benefits!
Through this session, you’ll become a master of the fundamentals of proper breathing. Not only will you dive into breathing exercises and techniques that have been used in Ashtanga Yoga and Pranayama practices for centuries, but you’ll discover the science behind them and why they effect the body the way they do.
This class is the door to making you feel incredible. I’m not going to say it’ll give you superpowers, but for me, that’s kind of how it felt.
The Breath Journey is comprised of three, one hour, 1-on-1 sessions. Each one building off the previous. By the end of your Breath Journey, you’ll have a brain full of knowledge and a hand full of techniques in your back pocket that you’ll use daily. The last session isn’t the end, it’s the beginning of a healthier, less stressful, more energetic, and more satisfying life.
If you choose to follow one of my recommendations, follow this one and partake on this journey. This is how you’ll get the absolute best out of your breathing.
Because of the connection between residence halls and success in college, union requires younger students not living with their parents to live on campus they must live in the same, single family dwelling as the family assuming.
Yet every single day, president trump and congressional leaders seem than for single parents working two or three jobs to make ends meet. Live breaking news video from cbsnewscom. The article investigates the perceived changes in material well-being of single mothers due to union dissolution in lithuania the analysis is.
Family structure homogamy and union stability among cohabiting parents a child and the stability of parental unions among unmarried, cohabiting couples.
Both are poor and unemployed both are single mothers: cooper has three children and carpenter has onetheir resolve to succeed is strong. Buying a home the union plus mortgage program is available to all eligible afscme union members, their parents and children union plus mortgage. Abstract unmarried parents have less stable unions than married and management, cornell university, 247 martha van rensselaer hall.
Parent discord in intact unions also was associated with more offspring disruptions children with single parents tend to obtain less education than do children with continuously together new york: prentice-hall 1939. In the capital region's three largest urban school districts, the majority of families with school-age children are led by a single mother.
Are union members: hiring halls and delinquent child- dedicated to sally soukup, a single mother and an incomparable research assistant. One single mother says the community helped lift her out of homelessness photo: ronald hall discusses the private facebook group he.
Current students parents alumni & donors faculty & staff madrid campus contact us myslu work at slu emergency info disclaimer privacy. While single parenthood can be stigmatised, the true horror of deprivation can be downplayed victim-blaming policies allow responsibility to.
The Founding of an Army is a Chinese historical film. Produced by Han Sanping and directed by Andrew Lau, it is the third installment of the trilogy called Founding of New China after The Founding of a Republic (2009) and The Founding of a Party (2011). The film features a star-studded cast of Chinese actors.[3] It was released on July 28, 2017 to mark the 90th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Liberation Army
Top categories: Attorneys in Hattiesburg | Car Repair in Hattiesburg | Dentists in Hattiesburg | Employment Agencies in Hattiesburg | Jobs in Hattiesburg | Jobs in Spanish in Hattiesburg | Cleaning Jobs in Hattiesburg | Landscaping Jobs in Hattiesburg | Cell Phones in Hattiesburg | Auto Insurance in Hattiesburg | Cheap Cars in Hattiesburg | Cheap Used Cars in Hattiesburg | Used Cars in Hattiesburg | More Cars, Jobs and Coupons in Hattiesburg
As we come into October, the witching month of Halloween, Bish Bash Books is extremely pleased to announce the launch of its new children’s eBook – Scaredy Cat!
Scaredy Cat is afraid of everything. He’s scared of creepy-crawlies, howling wolves, fairground rides and peas! Scaredy Cat gets so scared, he is even afraid of his own shadow. So who makes Scaredy Cat feel nice and safe? This original read aloud children’s eBook will let you know!
Scaredy Cat is a book that can be read during any time of the year, but it’s especially relevant during spooky Halloween! Kids are easily scared and it’s good to reassure them through good story telling that there really isn’t anything to be scared about!
Scaredy Cat was written and illustrated by Stuart Trotter. Stuart has been a children’s illustrator for over 30 years and has been involved with some famous children’s characters.
Stuart has illustrated for Winnie the Pooh (he’s an accredited Disney Artist). He has also illustrated Postman Pat for Hodder and he is currently the official Rupert the Bear illustrator.
For those of you who aren’t familiar with Rupert the Bear, he is a beloved children’s character that originated in the UK in the 1920s. Stuart is the fourth official illustrator of the Rupert Annuals that date back to 1936.
Stuart started his own publishing company, Rockpool Children’s Books, in 2006. During the last 6 years, he has published a number of original children’s books that have been read around the world. Bish Bash Books and Rockpool Children’s Books formed a strategic alliance in August to bring Stuart’s quality children’s books to the world in eBook format. And we are really proud to publish Stuart Trotter’s Scaredy Cat.
So as the nights begin to draw in, the temperatures begin to chill, and the leaves begin to brown and fall, why don’t you cuddle up this Halloween with your little ones and read them a cracking good book.
My kids love to read Scaredy Cat stories but haven't read one for spooky Halloween. They will even ...
Your advice is absolutely right. The more you engage with your kids, the more they will remember it.
Interesting that I am not a parent and yet I am going to submit a parenting tip! Hah! That said, I w ...
'there's an argument to suggest that rule breaking is a required life skill.' That is so thought pro ...
You're so right, when the 'Why' question comes up, it always stops me and makes me realize how much ...
That's so endearing!! And it remember it like it was yesterday with my little guys. It's funny, some ...
Jeannine and I are very lucky and fortunate to have two beautiful girls (Alysse who is six and Jackl ...
I think this is such a serious issue in our schools. It's something that is finally being taken se ...
Adobe Photoshop CC 2015 - a comprehensive solution for professional digital imaging, which contains the most advanced tools to work with images and new opportunities for creative ideas that can significantly improve performance. Edit images with exceptional accuracy, using new intuitive tools and workflows for creating three-dimensional graphics, two-dimensional projects, as well as movies.
Languages: Arabic, SimpChinese, TradChinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, EnglishGB, Finnish, French, FrenchCA, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Moroccan, Norwegian, Polish, PortugueseBR, Russian, Spanish, SpanishInternational, Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian.
) In a singular juxtaposition from the old and new, Golden Gate’s foyer will now dwelling Bitcoin processing engineering just ways from an artifact Screen scenario made up of an authentic product of your 1907 Kellogg phone.
There won't be any Actual physical bitcoins, only balances retained on the general public ledger while in the cloud, that – in addition to all Bitcoin transactions – is confirmed by a large volume of computing energy.
That slide in demand will in turn cause retailers to decreased their costs to try to stimulate need, earning the issue worse and bringing about an economic melancholy.
Mining is the entire process of spending computing power to procedure transactions, safe the community, and hold everyone within the system synchronized alongside one another. It can be perceived similar to the Bitcoin data Heart apart from that it's been meant to be completely decentralized with miners operating in all nations around the world and no specific obtaining Command above the community.
Properly, Alright, there was an conclusion in sight. I understood that the bitcoin craze would absolutely hit a wall someday, leaving plenty of investing noobs in tears. But I used to be counting on the greater idiot principle—by the time the value of bitcoin started to plummet, I’d have previously bought my shares to some other fool looking for a rapid route to riches.
You'll find 3 modes which wallets can function in. They may have an inverse marriage with regards to trustlessness and computational necessities.
Should you be mining having a pool then the amount needs to be negligible with about click here 10MB/day. However, Everything you do need is outstanding connectivity so you get any updates about the operate as rapidly as you can. Just isn't Bitcoin mining a waste of Electricity?
Yet another style of wallet named a hardware wallet keeps qualifications offline although facilitating transactions.[seventy six]
Sometime that afternoon, the bottom started to drop away from the market. In just a 10-minute period, as I watched trades becoming executed on Bitfloor, charges crashed from around $170 all the way right down to $110. They rebounded later on, then began plummeting once again. My coronary heart was pounding. My long term was crumbling. I really, really didn’t would like to sell—I suspected the volatility was just a brief-expression matter, Which rates would shortly begin to climb. On the flip side, I didn’t want to lose my shirt.
Early Hints of Basic safety Considerations The Digital forex is exposed as currently being equally as susceptible because the paper variety, when bitcoin accounts were matter to hacking and theft.
Even though it might be achievable to find individuals who want to sell bitcoins in exchange for a bank card or PayPal payment, most exchanges don't enable funding by using these payment strategies.
To really make it easier to enter a recipient's tackle, numerous wallets can get the handle by scanning a QR code or touching two telephones along with NFC technological know-how.
To heighten monetary privateness, a new bitcoin handle can be created for each transaction.[ninety one] Such as, hierarchical deterministic wallets crank out pseudorandom "rolling addresses" For each transaction from an individual seed, even though only requiring a single passphrase being remembered to Get better all corresponding non-public keys.[ninety two] Researchers at Stanford University and Concordia University have also proven that bitcoin exchanges and various entities can demonstrate belongings, liabilities, and solvency with no revealing their addresses using zero-knowledge proofs.
To decreased the costs, bitcoin miners have build in locations like Iceland where by geothermal Strength is cheap and cooling Arctic air is absolutely free.[17] Chinese bitcoin miners are regarded to make use of hydroelectric electric power in Tibet to lower electrical energy charges.[18]
And that’s where local mature singles comes in handy—even better is that our site is completely free to join and to use our site was created to help people meet others who live, work, and play near them for fun, friendship, or romance.
Meet thousands of single mature women in belle vue with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of mature women in belle vue is the perfect place to make friends or find an mature girlfriend in belle vue. Welcome to an amazing opportunity to meet city singles this meetup is for people who are new to the area, newly single, and/or those who simply want to meet other people--all under the amazing setting of dc, md and va.
Ready to find love in bells or just have fun mingle2 is your #1 resource for flirting, matching & hooking up in bells looking for love in bells discover how easy it is to meet single women and men looking for fun in bells — from the comfort of your own home use our free personal ads to find available singles in bells and get to know them in our chat room.
The following search will be displayed that are related to your search, the website apktechdown.site has a huge collection of applications apk that you can download.
In addition to your search our wide collection of interesting apk files, mod apk, apps, software apk, game mod, game hack, premium apps apk, for download and much more.
always visit apktechdown.site to get the various applications apk mod for free. and thank you for visiting apktechdown.site i hope you back again to search another file, app, apk mod, or game.
...IDM+ is a Tools Game for android download last version of IDM+: Download Audio, Video, Torrents & more Apk + Mod (Lite) for android from revdl with direct...
...Mobogenie apk download v4.7.14 latest version for android. Mobogenie is an android apps market where user can download all the desired apps for free. There are lots of...
...android game. This mod apk file is working fine on android phones. You can play game online with millions of players around the worlds. Just download mobile strike mod apk...
...Amazon underground apk download latest version for android. Its an amazon app store which provide thousands of android apps for free. You will get over 10,000$ apps, games...
La Companie de Anes in Lescun offers the opportunity for you to hire a donkey to carry your supplies into the mountains. Children can also ride a hired donkey. Donkeys can be hired for one day hikes into the hills, multi-day treks from hut to hut, or wild camping if you bring your own tent and supplies.
This happened a day or two after the election, and when the accusation was levied my feelings were quite hurt. I understood the accuser was upset their candidate had lost. I didn’t and don’t understand why they felt it necessary to lash out at me, the only person in the room that had voted the other direction. Being the only person in the room with my opinions, I also can’t help but wonder if they would have had the balls to abuse me that way had I been anything other than alone.
I thought I could keep quiet over this personal injustice – not because there are people who have had their cars stolen by thugs (read: protestors) that learned more about how violence is the answer over how and why the democratic process works. I don’t have it that bad, right? No, I struggled to keep silent because I was afraid.
You see, if this blog post gets back to the wrong people I will be ostracized more than I already have been as a dangerous thinker. I will be unfairly judged. I already have been unfairly judged, as a matter of fact. The cold irony is I’m being hated and judged by the very exact same people who have complained about intolerance and talked about loving one another around me for the better part of a year. So I know at the bottom of my heart that speaking up is going to kill my participation in some activities I’m fond of. My feelings do not matter, and I am not allowed a safe space unless I sit down, shut up, and promise to be good.
Yet, I have come to realize that it’s our silence against this sort of behavior (whether on my level or the car theft’s) that has aggravated the problem. My mother and various other people throughout my entire life spent a lot of energy putting me down for having the fire to speak up for myself. I noticed the social change when people who push back and cry, “Stop it!” started to get portrayed as the bad guys in movies and film. I have been ostracized before for speaking up against something that I felt was wrong. Why should this be any different? I must speak up, even if it means once again suffering the consequences for my particular brand of social activism.
I always knew the truth was a fragile thing in this country and our lives, but it was Sarah Palin’s situation that showed me how serious the problem was. I didn’t know who she was when she was selected to run for vice-president, and back then I didn’t pay as much attention to the political climate as I do now. I thought it was kind of neat that a woman was running for one of the two presidential roles, and that’s as deep as my thinking got. Then the libel and slander against her began.
It would take me a novel to discuss everything the media and the political campaigns did to Mrs. Palin and her family. Let me just skip to the end: she never said she could see Alaska from her house. That’s a quote from Saturday Night Live. And there’s nothing like seeing the pain in her eyes when the interviewer asks about those days. The pain that I and other Americans caused for falling for those lies. Some of us still believe them.
I actually think Sarah Palin is a pretty smart, savvy cookie – not because the media told me so. It’s because I paid attention to her tract record, sat and watched a couple of complete, uncut speeches, and came to know her political philosophy. Through learning about her, I realized something very important. People don’t like to think.
With this election cycle, I decided to be very careful – more careful than I had ever been before. I examined potential candidates by finding articles for and against them, checking facts, and even going so far as finding old stories from ten years ago or more to assess people’s backgrounds and characters. I wasn’t going to the store to buy socks. I was making my choice for the leader of my country – it was no small choice and in my opinion required a lot of deep thinking.
For the most part Hillary lost my vote nearly from the beginning. I’d been watching reports of her deeds since before the last time Obama was elected. Jill Stein I also took a good look at, but in the end I couldn’t condone someone who felt spray painting property (even in protest) as a mature figure in the White House even if I could swallow the thought of increasing socialism in the country. I’m a registered libertarian, so Johnson actually had my vote for a long while. Regretfully I convinced my aunt to vote for him, but digging deeper made me realize he was not the liar for me. MacMullin also nearly got my vote… until I realized he was more using a divide and conquer strategy to take votes away from Trump than he was actually running for President – setting his ties to Hillary aside.
Hillary might have gotten my vote after that. I had been ignoring Trump with a firm shoulder because the media had told me he was a sexist, racist bastard. I was told he’d been through four, no wait two, no wait ten bankruptcies. I didn’t want someone with that sort of thinking in the White House. Would he take away more rights from we the people in the same way the Democrats took away rights from the Blacks not long after the Civil War? Would he put us even more into debt than we already were? And didn’t he try to take away a man’s house just because he thought it was ugly once? He was an asshole. Couldn’t trust him. Wasn’t voting for him.
And then a Hillary supporter showed me the way. She said to me – and I can’t quote directly – “That is not how I want to see my country.”
The context of the situation was her point of view on some social policies certain parties were trying to implement. She wanted them, they’d been slapped down, she was not happy about it. The delivery of the statement was translated as a big red flag with the following message embroidered on it:
Literally, I kid you not, when she said that to me my heart squeezed inside of my chest. My blood didn’t run cold exactly, but fear for my future made itself known in a very real way. I couldn’t argue against it, although I did try to reason with it a bit through the Red Man’s tactic of storytelling. The message I got back was taken this way:
Do you know who else told people like me things like this? The government, as they stole our children out of our homes to place them in Indian Schools far away to either die or have their culture literally beaten, raped, and educated out of them. What they wanted in their country superseded our sense of freedom, and they made it clear through socialist programs and re-education. It wasn’t even education for what they considered to be the good, I might add. The entire purpose was to teach my people how to be servants in their homes. This makes my fears founded in history – that subject my high school teachers decided I must fail at.
I need to be clear here. I’m not saying the Hillary-ite was actually saying these things. It’s just that with the context of the conversation this is how it looked, and when I reread the conversation this is how it continues to look. From there I knew. Trump was the only way for me to go. It was only a couple of weeks until the big day: election day.
But I went kicking and screaming. I was going to know about this man, by the gods, and I didn’t care that Sarah Palin had endorsed him. As a matter of fact when she did, I felt let down and had even emailed her to tell her how disappointed I was.
I began to dig… And I realized Trump had been Palined by the media. What I mean is, they’d twisted the facts about him much in the same way they had done with Sarah Palin. And just like with Sarah Palin, I and others were falling for it.
Maybe Trump is racist. Maybe he’s not. The opinion regarding that aspect of his personality swings both ways, sometimes in the same week at the Huffington Post. When I looked at each event that was branded as racist, I saw a man making some heavy business decisions that just happened to have to do with social problems. Then I found events that suggested his racism was situation based, like that time he was given the Ellis Island Medal of Honor or that other time he fought against racism. The older he gets in his tract record, the more levelheaded he gets with his statements. It’s almost as if he was maturing or something. Strange, that a person could grow up like that in this day and age.
Trump probably might be sexist. He’s said some pretty typical things about women – oops. Did I say typical? I meant, he has said some pretty politically incorrect things in his lifetime some of which were in private or happened before the PC movement was really a movement. And some of the things he said in more recent times were against one person in particular, not against the entire gender, and highlighted his foot in mouth disease a lot more than it did his views on the opposite sex. Again just like with the last issue there was another side to it, the side that said he was a champion of women (according to his female employees). I don’t even want to discuss the alleged sexual assault complaints, as that is something which happens to literally every single outsider running for public office the pro quo doesn’t like. Also, those charges were dropped conveniently when it became apparent he was not going to be driven underground but instead was gaining endorsements and support by others who had been through that particular fire. Moving along.
Oh you’re telling me Trump is homophobic? Explain to me then why he proudly displayed the rainbow flag at one of his rallies when he’d been told he had LGBT support. And most importantly why is it that he defended gay rights in some of his speeches, chewing on the words as if he could barely utter the fact that Muslims kill homosexuals. He wasn’t happy about it. It angered him. Why would a homophobic care?
Something I found out recently, too. At least some of the footage you’ll find on the main websites covering his speeches have been cut, and those cuts magically make him out to be exactly what the narrative would like you to believe. I had the fortune of finding a website that made a public comparison, putting the cut speeches next to his whole speeches, so that I could hear what he genuinely was saying. I knew it happened in today’s media. I didn’t realize how bad it could be.
There is one thing in common the issues I have listed above. They’re hot topics for today’s social environment. Something else. They were all used to smear his name and present a falsehood. When I got past all that and actually looked into facts and events I could only come to the conclusion that Trump was a Grade A asshole at times – but not asshole enough for that to take away my vote. He’s just a man that has made mistakes. He even made a public apology for some of them. He’s only human, a human that sometimes reaches out a helping hand to people. The things I found out about him made me think he was the best candidate out of the entire line up. Thus, he won my vote.
However, he didn’t win my undying faith. He’s president elect, not cosmic omnipotent elect. I predict within a year after he takes office, the same people that are talking about how wonderful he is now will hate him just as much as they hated any president in their lifetime. When you’re running for president, you’re asking to be the most hated person on Earth. We won’t know how well he’s genuinely doing for two years. That’s a long time to wait. It’s a long time to think about it.
When I try to explain my reasoning and why being accused of doing anything dangerous hurts to people, I get cut off. I’m not sitting in the corner being quiet, and I need to shut up. But like it or not, he won my vote and he won the vote of a lot of other people in the country. It happened. This is the American democratic process. Maybe you don’t like the electoral college, but on my end the backlash against our system spurred me to learn more about that – because if I’m ever asked to sign a petition against it I want to know the whole story and not just some media spin. I have learned even more from this election, although I still have to remember it was Palin that taught me to seek the truth.
Since the time of Reagan, I noticed a trend for the candidates to make jokes and be entertaining. Hillary even had the backing of various media superstars with a concert. These people are counting on the people to decide with their hearts and not their minds. They’re counting on you and I to remain soft, malleable and not dangerous. Safe. When they talk about the issues, they do it with a jester’s bell tinkle. Doesn’t it bother you that they’re counting on you not to be thinking?
Trump did not win my vote because of dangerous thinking. Rather, I’m guilty of thinking period. In my honest opinion it’s an even greater crime that thinking is not an encouraged skill in this country, especially when it comes to deciding our leaders. Too many people don’t like to think. They want to be told what’s good, they don’t want to learn from history, and they’re easily satisfied with a small stimulus check as if $200 can wipe way an entire lifetime of wrongdoing.
That is where the real danger lies. Not with me. I’m a thinker. The only thing I’m a danger to is the crowd that would prefer I sit down and shut up.
MRF Challenge 2013 to kick-start this weekend as sole support race for Indian GP 2/27/2015 3:15:02 AM
Abhishek Mishra rises as the star of 13th edition of Maruti Suzuki Desert Storm 2015 3/3/2015 4:59:26 AM
Bangalore, April 26, 2016: TVS Racing, undisputed leader in two wheeler racing, signed their first woman rider – Shreya Sunder Iyer - to race for their team. Shreya will be part of the TVS Racing team in Indian National Rally championship this year. With this association, Shreya also becomes the first woman rider to be a part of any racing team in India.
Shreya, 24, has a dream of building a career in motor racing. She began riding at the age of 17 and became the first Indian woman rider to successfully complete a ride across the sand dunes in Dubai. Shreya has also ridden extensively across India including the isolated Suru valley in the Himalayas and also completed a rigorous Southern India biking expedition of 2,000 kilometers in just 6 days.
Shreya Sundar Iyer, the newly inducted member of the TVS Racing team said, “I am proud to be a part of the TVS Racing team. TVS Racing is by far the best Indian racing team with the best motorbikes and trainers. This association will help me work with the best in class machines, racers and technology. I also hope to encourage young bikers especially women to follow their passion for racing and live their dreams.”
Arvind Pangaonkar, Head of Team TVS Racing said, “We are happy to sign Shreya for the TVS Racing team and believe that her participation will encourage women to consider racing as a career. TVS Racing is strongly committed to promote two wheeler racing in India and generate interest and improve support for the sport in India. We make continuous efforts to take the sport to as many section of the society as possible and create the ultimate machine and promote the riders for these machines.
The journey of TVS Racing began 33 years back when Sundaram Clayton Limited (A TVS Group company) introduced its 50 cc mopeds in the arena of road racing. Since then TVS Racing has been actively participating on and off- road racing events such as road racing, Super-cross and Motocross, Dirt Tracks, Rally etc. In early 2015, TVS Racing became the first Indian factory team to take part in the Dakar rally, which is the longest and toughest rally in the world. TVS Racing won eight championships across all forms of two-wheeler motorsport events Supercross , Rallies and Road racing last year.
Participants are expected to acquire knowledge on international agreements on biodiversity and habitat conservation as well as on new concepts, methods and tools for ecosystem management. After having participated in this course they are able to actively contribute to the assessment, monitoring, conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity and thus to the implementation of the CBD in their respective countries.
This course addresses mainly experts, managers and decision-makers working in fields of environment protection with special focus on nature conservation, ecosystem management and land use planning, including nature-compatible tourism development.
Not a day goes by when I am not asked for tips on growing a small business from business owners in my community. I visit many types of businesses and have never once discriminated based on ethnicity, condition or appearance of the business, or the language barrier. The reason is: You can NEVER judge a book by its cover, and all business owners need some form of help. Whether that is help with finding the right staff, increasing bottom line, creating better relationships with customers/clients/patients, etc, the needs are many. And sadly a large percentage of business owners struggle unnecessarily because they simply do not have the tools to overcome these hurdles.
You’ve heard me speak of ‘The Basics’. You’ve heard me speak of promotional actions. However, I haven’t really touched on relationship building, how to start one, and how to nurture them. In this article I will cover a couple items that are often overlooked as they pertain to relationships and what these mean to your small business. Many of you already know how strongly I feel about getting to know your neighbors. And due to the ‘social awkwardness’ of some business owners, many feel strange when it comes to introductions and small talk. It is understandable as there aren’t any schools I know of that teach one how to create relationships. It’s really not your fault. This is why I’m going to share some tips that work for me EVERY time I apply them.
Folks (Especially here in Phoenix) have a tendency to be a bit reserved and more private than in states such as NY, NJ, or IL to name a few. I’m not sure exactly why, though a large percentage of Phoenicians seem to be uncomfortable with introductions and small talk. It is neither good, nor bad – though what I have observed is a kind of apprehension that exists prior to any conversations taking place. It is this fear in my opinion that all too often prevents introductions and meetings from happening. Not a surprise, right?
The question is: How do we overcome this fear or apprehension? How do we engage in conversation without a possibility of rejection or ignorance of what we are communicating? I think it is safe to say that most of us have experienced this phenomenon at one point or another, not to mention the discomfort that comes with this experience. Now whether that feeling came from approaching a pretty girl as a young man, or one’s parents with some sort of request during childhood, there were times when butterflies got the best of us. And the only thing most of us thought about at the point immediately afterward was: “I should have…..” or “I shouldn’t have…” correct? This is one of many reasons I urge you to continue reading.
Now as business owners we are faced with ignorance and rejection on a regular basis. We kind of expect it. Though when it comes to relationships and building them, there are a few things I am going to share that will give you better success with introductions and help you lower your chances of rejection. Simultaneously these tips will probably also diminish the chances of receiving a backlash of ignorance from those you decide to communicate with.
The first question you need to ask yourself is: What question can I ask my neighboring business owner that I already have the answer to? It may sound corny, but I use things that I know I will create agreement, such as: “Wow….one of the clearest days of the year isn’t it?” OR “Gas prices are always higher in the summer, huh?” You get the idea? You’re creating agreement here, or there is a very good chance of it. “Man it’s hot today!” OR “I bet I could cook an egg on the sidewalk outside!” Who would disagree when it is 113 degrees? You see? You keep creating agreement. You keep creating agreement because doing just that creates MORE communication! It tends to keep that communication rolling….MOST of the time!
Anyway that’s the first way. The second way to ease into communication is to find something you like about the person you’re speaking with. If you look closely enough there is probably at least one thing you can find that you admire about the person, maybe a possession, like a car, sign outside the business, or maybe the store owner’s wife put flowers in the window and they look nice. It doesn’t matter. Find something you admire and tell that store owner what it is and why you like or admire it. “Wow, I can see those neon lights in your window from two blocks away! Great looking sign!” OR “You know your front doorstep is always so clean and neat. That’s really cool…..most don’t seem to care these days.” OR “Nice tie! Where did you get it? You see? Find things you like or admire and tell them about it. It works like a charm. It’s a fire-starter and it’s effective. One time I complimented a store owner on his sign and he talked for almost 30 minutes about how expensive it was and how it had paid for itself 10 times over. The point is that I got him talking and it opened the door to more conversation on many different subjects. The relationship was created just with admiration.
Now the third and last way I’ve found that works pretty well is to ask someone’s opinion of something. Obviously it should be something you have pondered, or it may come off as phony, such as: “Can I ask you something? What’s the difference between a Michelin tire and a Firestone tire?” OR “Why do stackable washers and dryers cost more than those that sit side by side?” OR “Why do teenagers think they know it all?” It doesn’t matter, as long as you’re sincere and really want that neighbor’s opinion, or advice. I once asked a store owner why his cookies were so rich and sinful. She smiled and started talking about the recipe she had been given by her grandmother when she was 13 and the ‘secret ingredients’ she would never share with anyone. So I started talking about my grandmother’s Pierogies and why they were the best in the world and found out right then and there that the shop owner was Polish! Cha Ching! It was smooth sailing after that and it actually led to a sale within a few weeks.
It’s so easy that anyone can do it. Small business owners are some of the easiest people to talk to because they are proud of being small business owners. They love to talk about their business, its struggles, triumphs and most of all HOW they got to where they are, or how they’re not getting to where they need to be. So get your foot in the door with the tips above. Let us know how it works out for you. As always, we want your feedback and we appreciate it!
Select images in the Folder, Results and Image Set Contents pages and use the row of buttons across the foot of the screen to do things with the selected images
You can access all the features represented in the row of buttons at the foot of the page (with the exception of print purchasing) by going to the individual image pages and using the buttons there - for instance, to add the image to the Folder or to a new or existing Image Set.
However, please note that certain features are only available to registered users who have logged in to the site.
Please note that we have also used javascript to ensure that pages load correctly in certain browsers. Therefore, if javascript is disabled in your browser, some pages may not load correctly. Pressing the F5 key to refresh the page usually overcomes this problem. Even if the problem persists, you will still find that all images and features are available to you.
Click the Enable radio button on all three entries under Scripting (Active scripting, Allow paste operations via script and Scripting of Java applets)
Due to the riots, our shift patterns have been completely out of whack. Usually, we work six days on, four days off, but that was suspended as soon as mask-clad hoodlums started roaming the streets. Things got extra-tense for a while, when a rumour was spreading that the army was mobilising to help 'sort out the mess', but I have to admit I was a little bit doubtful about the veracity of that particular rumour - I've never done any military service (believe it or not, I'm quite a fervent pacifist and a bit of a leftie to boot), but I think the military is a strange choice, when we have a small army of police with guns who they've kept hidden in our police stations whilst the riots were kicking off as worst. It was weird - walking into the café at our police station station, you'd have thought you'd have walked into a war; except the war was raging outside, and the only people with weapons that are actually scary were sitting in the café, playing cards, reading books, and looking utterly bored. Meanwhile. people with sticks and shields were trying to calm people with stones and petrol bombs.
Anyway, I try to stay out of the politics of things - it's particularly hard after I started writing this blog, because I keep getting media requests to comment about things that are way above my pay grade. I see a lot of my colleagues getting despondent about how the senior management team (SMT) 'work against us', but I doubt that's the case. I have to believe that even the SMT are doing their jobs to the best of their ability, even though their choices are sometimes the direct opposite of how the frontline responders would have prioritised things. I think I see it as more of a challenge. If you're a carpenter that's told you have to build a house without using any nails, there are three things you can do: Bitch and moan about it but get on with your job. Try and change the policies, and get on with your job. Or simply see it as a challenge, stay upbeat, and get creative. And get on with your job. I suppose there's a fourth choice as well: Start a religion. Sadly, the last one only works for carpenters, not for police officers.
All of this was meant to be a simple explanation for why I was bloody knackered as this 12-hour shift was coming to an end. It was one of the last shifts on this pattern, before we were to resume our usual shift rota, so we were all running at about 60% mental capacity. It's a difficult time to be policing, because in many of the situations we run into, you've really got to have your wits about you.
"Two-Six receiving Mike Delta", my radio buzzed, as I was slumped in the driver seat of the Astra, parked in a employees-only car-park behind a local shopping centre. Kim was snoozing in the seat next to me.
"Shit, that's us". I shook my head. Had I been sleeping? I looked down at my hand, where my coffee cup was precariously balanced on my lap, nearly - but not quite - tipping its scalding hot contents onto my leg. I straightened the cup carefully, and reached for the PTT lever on the dash.
"Yeah, Two-six receiving. Apologise for the delay", I added, "I was on a private call". I immediately regretted lying to the CAD operator. They, and everybody else who had overheard that conversation, would know it was a lie - Nobody ever apologises for delays in getting back to the CAD operator; either you respond in good time, or you're too busy to respond (for example, if you're in the middle of an arrest) and you'll call up as soon as you can.
"At your service!", I said brightly, and saw Kim stretch and yawn next to me, before she zipped her metvest closed and put her seatbelt on.
"Great, on its way to your MDT", the operator said, as the Mobile Data Terminal in our car used its ghastly pre-recorded voice to announce that the CAD had been updated.
Kim pressed the touch-screen on the MDT. "The Bike Shack in Main Street have detained a shoplifter, apparently, but then he got away", she said.
"Call the bike shop, get a description", I replied, and flicked the blue lights on as I placed my coffee cup in the car's cupholder. We weren't that far away from Main Street.
"He was wearing a bright red T-shirt", I heard Kim's radio say. She had made the call on speaker phone, so she wouldn't have to relay the description to me later. Clever. "And riding a very distinctive bike. It's a large-tubed bike, but the owner has taken all the paint off, sand-blasting the tubes to bare aluminium".
As the bike shop owner was continuing with his description, we were going through a red light, sirens blaring. Kim suddenly made a squeaking sound - she does that, when she can't think of words to describe what's going on - and pointed at the intersection we had just gone through. I slammed on the brakes, and looked. True enough, there he was. Bright red T-shirt with a white logo on the front, and a bike that was gleaming in the bright midday August sun. He was calmly stopped, letting us fly through the intersection unimpeded.
"I'll call you back", Kim snapped at the bike shop owner, cancelled the call, and got straight back on the radio.
"We see a possible suspect for our bike theft, he's crossing Main Street at Upper Street, going east. We're just spinning the car around now. He's wearing a red tee, and is riding an aluminium-coloured bike", she said.
"Show six-eight", came a gruff voice I recognised as Simon. "One minute.", he added. Six eight is the caged van we use for transporting prisoners. Excellent.
I could hear Simon's sirens come on at the far side of Upper Street, just as I had managed to turn my Astra around. I half expected a bit of a chase, but the cyclist simply stopped, pulling his bike half up on the pavement to let us pass him. He seemed a little bit confused when we came to a stop next to him.
Kim leapt out of the car, and took a firm grip of his bike, before asking him to please wait there. Simon arrived not ten seconds later, and stepped out of the van as well, along with his operator.
"No", he said, and I saw Kim start reaching for her hand-cuffs. "It's my bike though. It was stolen from me".
"Riiii-ight", Kim said. "Well, we still need to figure out exactly what has happened. I'm arresting you for theft; the arrest is necessary in order to assure a prompt and effective investigation. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you don't mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence".
"Cells are full, mate. We just had to take someone to Yankee Romeo, and that was the last of their cells, as well - I have a feeling we'll be taking bodies to Essex next." he said. Yankee Romeo is the borough code for Haringey - and it's nowhere near our own borough. No big surprise: Our borough was doing a series of dawn raids at houses of the people who had been identified from the CCTV during the riots. However, having to take our prisoner all the way outside the Metropolitan Police area because the cells are full would be a royal pain; not least because there was only fifteen minutes left of my shift, and a trip to Essex would mean several hours overtime. Usually, I'd welcome the overtime for the wage bump it implies, but after my tenth straight 12-hour shift, I'd gladly have paid to be able to go home and sleep for a few days.
"Kim", I said, "Can you put the guy in the cage for now, I'm going to try and find out what we need to do with him".
Kim started leading our prisoner to the back doors, as Simon took the bike and put it in the middle section of the van. I reached for my radio.
"Well, I was just wondering if it would be OK to take him to the bike shop and see if we can square things up there; I don't really fancy a trip to Essex"
"The clock's running, Matt", the sergeant said, his voice garbled with exhaustion. Someone told me that 88 had just finished an 18 hour shift, had six hours sleep, before going straight in for another 14 hours. Some of the skippers were completely unstoppable. The clock he was referring to is the force target of getting prisoners to custody within an hour of arrest, "but yeah, knock yourself out", he added, "Keep me posted."
"Nice to meet you, Kees", I said. "Normally, we'd have taken you straight to a police station, but I propose we go talk to the bicycle shop owner first. Is that OK by you?"
"Good" I said, and closed the back doors on the caged Transit van, before throwing the car keys to Kim, and climbing in the side door.
Simon and Kim drove the van and the panda to the bike shop, whilst I had a quick chat with Kees, in the back of the Transit van.
"I went into the bike shop to buy a new lock, as my last one was cut in half by the thieves, and I saw my bike there! I told the shop owner, but he said it wasn't my bike and that I couldn't have it back. So I took it."
"Look at it!", he laughed, "Have you ever seen a bike like that? I fixed it up myself", he said. "There's no way that's not my bike. I changed the seat, and I can tell you every detail of every part of that bike." he said, before going into a monologue about the various bits and pieces he had used to make it 'the perfect bike'. "It has Shimano XTR components all around, even the chain", he said, "but I blasted off the markings so thieves wouldn't see them", he said.
I took a closer look at the bike; true enough, every part was gleaming from having been sand-blasted, and no markings were visible anywhere.
"That puts us in a bit of a weird situation, though", I said. "You say you've done it so thieves won't know that the bike is valuable, right?", I asked. Kees replied with a nod. "But that's a pretty common thing for thieves to do as well, so owners won't recognise their own bikes..."
"Hang on here for a second", I told Kees. "I'm just going to have a chat with the owner". I turned to Kim, who just finished calling in an update about our situation. "Wanna keep our friend company?" I asked.
"Yeah sure", she said, and walked to the back of the van, opening one of the doors to give our prisoner some fresh air.
The shopkeeper took a double take, then leaned forward and looked at the van. He couldn't see into it.
"Yeah, he told me the same", the shopkeeper said. "But no no way. Some kid brought it in the other day to get a flat tyre fixed."
"It's a funny one", the shopkeep said. "It's a pretty standard Cannondale. They're popular bikes, but it's a mid-range bike, not usually particularly expensive. This particular one has had just about every component upgraded, though - high-end everything."
"Yeah, definitely. It came in super-clean. Seems as if the kid really loved his bike, definitely kept it in pristine condition."
"Are you joking? We're CCTV'd to the rafters. I've got several bikes in here that are worth tens of thousands of pounds; no way I wouldn't have CCTV", he said. "In fact, I already took a look at the footage of the guy who brought the bike in, and of the fellow who nicked it."
It took me all of six seconds of the first video to recognise the lad who had brought the bike in for repair.
"I've got some bad news for you," I said. "That's Tommy, he's a crack-head and a notorious bike thief 'round here."
"Seriously?" the owner said. "I've seen him around the shop several times, he's never stolen anything", he added, before pausing for several seconds... "I think..."
"It doesn't mean anything", I added, "I haven't heard of him getting nicked for a good while, perhaps he's taken the straight and narrow"
"Here you go", he said. "The guy had a funny accent. German or something. He came in to buy a lock, but then he spotted the bike..."
The video didn't have sound, but it was unusually clear for CCTV. Surprisingly so, in fact. A lot of the CCTV footage we see is utterly useless, and some of it looks like it has been scrambled to hell and back, as if the entire file has been run through the blocking-out filter they apply to genitalia in Japanese pornography. Not that I would know what that looks like, of course.
In the video, you could clearly see Kees getting more and more aggravated. At one point, he simply takes the bike out of the rack, rips off a label that was zip-tied to the seat, and starts pushing the bike toward the doors. The shop owner quickly blocks his way, but Kees runs his bike into the owner, before taking a swing at him with the lock he is holding in his hand.
"Stop there for a moment", I said, and took a closer look at the shop keeper. "Did he hit you with the lock?" I asked him, looking at his face carefully.
"Yeah. He didn't hit me properly, though, that woulda hurt", he replied, as he lifted his hand to his face, rubbing his chin.
"Yeah, well, I've had worse", the shopkeeper said grimly. I looked at him, waiting for the rest of the story.
"I love my bike", he replied, "And I've kept a blog of all the work I've done on it. The blog has all the receipts on it as well", he said.
"I've ran the bike through the box", Kim said. "It was reported stolen six days ago, by Kees here, and the serial number of the bike matches up with the police report. Also, when he filed his report, he showed the original purchase receipt of the bike, which matched the serial number as well."
I walked around to the bike, unlocked the quick-release clasp, and took the seat off the bike. It looked pretty normal to me.
I felt around the bottom of the seat stem with my finger, and found something. I took it out, and took a look. It was a piece of laminated paper that read "Property of Kees Jacobs", with a telephone number.
"I'm starting to believe that the bike belongs to the 'thief'", I told the shop keeper. "He reported it stolen six days ago. When did the lad drop it off to have the tyre fixed?"
"So it seems as if someone stole the bike whilst the riots were raging, and Tommy dropped it off at your shop to get the tyre fixed soon after", I said.
"Well... Fuck", the proprietor contributed, summarising the culmination of our predicament with imprecateous meticulousness.
"Yeah, I imagine you must do", I replied. I paused, and looked at the shopkeep for a few moments. His eye had swollen even further, growing before my eyes. The words 'Crikey, that's gonna hurt in the mornin', son' from that annoying Fosters advert were echoing around in my head.
"That leaves only one thing", I said. "The bike owner assaulted you. We have all the evidence we need to prosecute him, I think", I said. "All we need is your video footage, and a statement..."
"You can never be sure", I said, "But he does seem to have all the receipts to back up his claims. He bought most of the parts off eBay and put the whole bike together himself, by the look of things. He showed me a blog of the work in progress; it looks like it all checks out"
I hesitated. "Not really, to be honest. If we're going to charge him, we need to interview him at the police station."
"Can I go stand by your van and just think out loud for a bit, then?" he asked, with a conspiratory smile on his face.
"I'm going to go use the loo, then, if you don't mind. What you do whilst I'm gone is up to you, really." I said, and walked to the loo.
Kim came up to me. "The shop keeper is refusing to make a statement about the assault, and says that he may have 'accidentally' deleted the footage of the alleged assault", she said. "What should we do?"
"Well, if there's no evidence of an assault, no allegations of any sort...", I said, and added, "Obviously, Kees can't have stolen his own bike..."
Kim let our suspect out of the caged van, keeping him in handcuffs. "My colleague here will talk to you about getting your bike back", she said, as I was engaged in conversation with the shopkeeper.
"So, just to confirm, I've written here: 'I, Dan Smith, proprietor of the Bike Shack on 73 Main Street, confirm that I do not allege any crimes in connection with my 999 call. CAD 8749 refers'. If that sounds accurate, all you need to do is to sign here, and we'll be out of your hair", I said.
"Yeah, no worries. Turns out Kees and I have friends in common, and to be honest, I'd punch anyone who was in the way of stealing my pride and joy as well", he said, laughing.
"Just for future reference", I said, "I probably wouldn't say that to a police officer if I were you. What he should have done is to dial 999 himself; that would have solved the whole incident without anyone getting any black eyes"
"Yeah, of course. Of course", the shopkeeper said, as he signed and dated my pocketbook. "Keep up the good work, officer!", he said, and walked off.
"Get some ice on that eye", I called after him. He raised a hand and waved a thanks, as he strolled back to his shop. I doubt he was going to bother with the ice.
"Kees", I started talking to the young man in his bright red shirt was leaned against the police van, flirting with Kim. He turned to me.
"We've got a bit of a problem", I said. "The shopkeeper showed me some CCTV of what happened in the shop. You took a swing at him with a bike lock, and hit him across the face".
"That's assault. Given the bruising on his face, I'm guessing you could be charged with ABH - actual bodily harm. That's pretty serious stuff", I said, keeping my eyes locked in his. "Serious enough, in fact, that if you were convicted, you could face several years in prison."
"Please just listen to me. In this case, the correct thing to do would be to call the police, and tell them that you had found your bike. We would have been there in a flash, and we'd have gotten your bike back. See it from his side: He was protecting the property that he thought belonged to a customer. From his perspective - no matter what you said to him - you were trying to steal that bike. Instead of solving this like an adult, because of the choices you made, you ended up hitting a man who hates bike thieves as much as you do, simply because he was doing his job. You're very lucky that he is refusing to make a statement. Things could have been very different; that D-lock is very heavy, and you could have easily broken his jaw, or even killed him if you had been less lucky. Or he might have given a statement and given us the CCTV. And there's no way you could have claimed self defence or anything like that either, because it was your fault that the situation escalated."
As the gravity of the situation was dawning on Kees, he got paler and paler. I opened the door of the police van and asked if he would like to sit down on the step. He accepted.
"I'm going to do a 'street bail', which means I'm going to let you go, but you'll need to show up at the police station so we can give you a formal warning". I explained to him what would happen to him if he missed his appointment, and that he would have to come to the police station to pick up his bike anyway. "Come to the station the day after tomorrow at 3pm. We'll sort out your caution. That's going to go on your police record, by the way, but it's not a criminal conviction. I'll explain all of that to you when you come to the station", I said. "Bring the receipts for your bike as well, and we'll make sure you get your bike back".
"Right, let's get these cuffs off you, then", I said, and freed him, before passing Kim's cuffs back to her.
"Off you go, and see you the day after tomorrow", I said. Kees nodded, but seemed to be in a complete daze.
"Don't worry too much about it", she said. "Assault is serious, but I'm guessing you've learned your lesson, right?"
"You'll get a warning out of it, but it could be much, much worse. Just remember for the next time, that violence probably isn't going to solve anything, all right?"
"Yes, sir!" he said. To my confusion, he did a military-style salute to both of us, before he walked off, dialling a number on his phone.
Matt Delito is a pseudonym for a policeman working for the Metropolitan Police. All Notes from the Frontline are not entirely “the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,” due to the sensitive nature of the business, but are all based on actual events. These days, he’s on Facebook and Twitter as well.
Matt has a book based on his Notes from the Front Line column out now - you can get it from Amazon, in paperback or on Kindle.
Theresa Eberlein (Sprecherin), Mirjam Körner (Sprecherin), Thomas Knorr (Politische Geschäftsführung), Anna Hopfe (Beisitzerin), Johannes Rückerl (Beisitzer), Roman Scharf (Beisitzer)
Maintain your Drains Clear When your drains are clogged, you might see things such as a foul scent, water backup, or gradual drainage. Don’t Allow a clogged drain go ignored mainly because it can...
PlumbersNearYou.com is only a Listing. All related issues are definitely the accountability on the applicable facility.
Your small business is our business. Our commercial account representatives and specialists will consult with you to ascertain your specific desires — from preventive upkeep to emergency services. We will design and style an ongoing system making sure that your plumbing, sewer and drain devices run appropriately.
We Make certain that our support Qualified corporations have any applicable condition-degree trade licensing to the products and services for which we match them to buyers.
Providing you trustworthy provider from educated gurus and guarantee your gratification. Serving the Baltimore-Washington metro place and also the bordering region.
HomeAdvisor verifies the social security range of the business enterprise operator/principal to substantiate their identification. (This applies primarily to little businesses.)
*These providers might not have been screened for point out licensing necessary for your project.Angie's Listing recommends you ensure licensing for almost any pro you hire.
Angie’s Record strongly recommends that you choose to perform the next jobs when hiring any support Experienced to work on your private home:
Some leaks are simple to notice. Other people might keep hidden for weeks or months ahead of the destruction has become recognized. Should you recognize the next signs, contact us for immediate inspection:
For service gurus which have been businesses or restricted liability providers, we verify that the small business is registered while in the state during which it is located.
Loads of plumbing emergencies is often averted by way of plumbing support contracts. Together with our regular plumbing products and services, we provide plumbing inspections on an yearly foundation, or more usually, based on your sector and laws. In the course of our inspections, we go about every little thing in the toilets on the drains on the HVAC technique and gasoline strains to verify everything is in top problem.
Number of the Arbitrator. The get-togethers, using the AAA's common strategies, will select a single arbitrator from a roster of neutrals well prepared with the AAA.
Angie’s Record has felony qualifications checks performed biennially on the principal/operator or here pertinent manager of all suppliers that we match you to or existing for you as an additional service provider.
As a way to market and come to be Licensed, assistance vendors should meet up with our benchmarks of certification, which consist of:
Hosting beauty shows each week is so much fun! I get to work with fantastic guests, learn about the latest trends in skincare and, of course, sample EVERYTHING! The one question I hear from you week after week is: ‘how do I use all of this stuff, and in what order do I use it?’ So, I thought a good, basic overview would be a fun blog post and I hope you find it helpful. Keep in mind: this is a basic overview as we carry so many great brands. For brand specific questions, you can go to our website and find that most brands have super informative tutorial videos. If you don’t find answers there, either leave a comment below with your question or visit my Facebook page at: https://www.facebook.com/HeatherHallEVINELive/, post your question and I’ll try to answer it for you. Ready for Skincare 101??
This is critical to great skin. Sleeping with our makeup on is one of the biggest mistakes we make, it REALLY ages us! The skin rejuvenates while we sleep and, when its dirty and clogged, we slow or even stop this process. I know we all get lazy at times but, as a general rule, we should all be going to bed with clean and hydrated skin. Use a clean washcloth each time you cleanse and, if you own a cleansing brush, you get bonus points! Alcohol-free cleansing wipes are okay every now and then, but shouldn’t be a substitute for thorough, old-fashioned cleansing.
This is a done on an as needed basis, and everyone will be different. I personally exfoliate three days a week, but you should test what works best for your skin. As we age, our cell turnover slows wayyyyy down (thanks, mother nature) and we need to start doing manually what our bodies once did naturally. If you’re over 35, you should be exfoliating! We offer tons of choices and I’m sure you can find one to work for you.
This is usually the most concentrated and powerful anti-aging step we have! If you’re looking for one area to splurge in, I’d say either serum or eye cream. Most brands we carry tell me their most advanced anti-aging ingredients are in the highest concentrations in the serums. Some brands even offer eye serums! As I layer skincare, I use the thinnest products first and then work my way up to my moisturizer. Serums go from the top of your forehead to the bottom of your neck. BONUS TIP – use leftovers on hands.
Always apply your moisturizer with an upward sweeping motion. Gravity’s working hard enough to pull our skin down, so I’ll take any lift I can get! Take time to massage your moisturizer in, and let serums absorb fully before taking this step. Massage is great for circulation and can make our daily skincare chore feel like a mini spa treatment.
If you can afford it, consider getting a cream specifically for the eye area. The skin around the eyes is more delicate, and requires more TLC, than the rest of our face. Apply eye cream in all areas of the eyes that your sunglasses would cover (I just learned this great tip recently from our of our fab guests!) This includes above the eyebrows, under eyes, along sides of eyes, and really work in the crows feet area. BONUS TIP: work extra product on forehead between brows to avoid the dreaded number 11s.
This is where you take your skin to the next level! Invest in your five basics first and, when you can, splurge on something from this category. Or let your friends and family know that, when holidays and birthdays roll around, this is a GREAT gift idea for you. We offer too may to go through, but please read all the reviews at Evine.com and watch for our great Day of Beauty sales.
You may have a blog, and that blog may be full of very interesting content, but it's not serving much of a purpose beyond honing your writing skills and allowing you to get something off your chest if other people aren't reading it.
As with getting visitors or potential customers in any other aspect of your online business, it is going to take some promotion.
There are a ton of directories and search engines specifically catering to blogs, and it is probably in the best interest of your blog's readership to get it listed in as many as possible. Start with us and sumbmit your feed at once, it only takes a couple of seconds.
Facebook has publicly acknowledged that its platform has been exploited by governments seeking to manipulate public opinion in other countries.
In “Shattered,” journalists Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes portrait Clinton's campaign as a Titanic-like disaster: an epic fail made up of a series of perverse and often avoidable missteps by an out-of-touch candidate and her strife-ridden staff that turned “a winnable race” into “another iceberg-seeking campaign ship.”
Ecuador"s National Electoral Council (CNE) kicked off the recount of more than 1.2 million of the votes cast during the presidential election last April 2 that pitted the ruling party"s Lenin Moreno against opposition candidate Guillermo Lasso to choose the successor to President Rafael Correa.
Last week, the people of Ecuador elected a leftist named after the communist dictator Vladimir Lenin as their new president.
It’s always a double-edged sword when Ecuador is in the news -- in the U.S., the little-known country at the equator usually flies far under the radar.
The Server of barger-rechtsanwalt.de is powered by the Apache webserver software and the server is physically located in Germany (Nordrhein-Westfalen) and uses the IP address 5.35.226.233. At the DMOZ open directory project we found no listing for barger-rechtsanwalt.de at this time.
The webserver of barger-rechtsanwalt.de is powered by Apache webserver software. The server is located in Germany.
There are no new unread posts for this topic. Ionics, user completed. Great fun and good to improve dogfighting skills
There are no new unread posts for this topic. [HUD Dev] drawCustomText: - multi line / line break possible?
Your beautiful wooden stairs have been installed, and now you have to decide on the type of finish you want for them. Choosing the correct type of protective finish can k
There's plenty of things to consider when undertaking kitchen renovations, but you need to take extra issues into account if you're renovating for an older person. Due to
If you are considering remodelling your bathroom, you may be thinking of the colour scheme and the fittings. However, one thing you need to consider is how you are going
Clutter can prevent you from really enjoying your home and being able to relax. It's stressful when you can't find things, and cleaning a cluttered house is time-consumin
If you live in a rental property and you want to increase your security, you have to do so within the restrictions of your tenancy agreement. While different agreements s
Blade As Opposed To Bladeless LASIK Eye Surgical Treatments: Exactly What Is The Big difference? - homepage
Clients thinking about LASIK eye surgery may stumble upon medical lingo, such as "blade" and "bladeless" LASIK. To a layperson, such terms might appear frustrating. However, as a patient you should know the distinction between the two surgical treatment types, and the dangers and benefits associated with each. Conventional LASIK ut
The eye can be taken a look at with relative ease regarding both its function and its structure. A practical examination consists of the ability to move in the orbit and the reaction of the student to light and accommodation.The function of the eye might be evaluated in numerous methods. The client may be asked to identify illuminated let
The eye can be examined with relative ease regarding both its function and its structure. A practical examination includes the capability to move in the orbit and the response of the pupil to light and lodging.The function of the eye might be tested in a number of ways. The client might be asked to determine illuminated letter or things
The eye can be taken a look at with relative ease as to both its function and its structure. A functional examination includes the ability to relocate the orbit and the response of the pupil to light and accommodation.The function of the eye might be tested in several methods. The client may be asked to identify illuminated letter or objects
The eye can be examined with relative ease regarding both its function and its structure. A functional evaluation includes the capability to relocate the orbit and the reaction of the pupil to light and lodging.The function of the eye might be tested in a number of methods. The client may be asked to recognize illuminated letter or thing
specifically designed for the task that tyre is the Avon Venom. Special attention has been paid to the Venoms tread pattern to ensure that it produces low noise levels, a critical quality if you’re going far.
Thanks to its carcass construction and tread rubber formulation, the Venom is what’s known as a low-rolling resistance tyre this means it has long life characteristics and aids fuel consumption. The Venom is also designed to be very stable through corners and to give progressive and therefore reassuring turn-in.
Because some cruisers and tourers carry bigger loads than others, the Venom is available in a range of reinforced sizes. And some of the Venom sizes are available with whitewalls.
Please note that we do not offer advice on the suitability of tyres or their application and cannot accept any responsibility or liability in this regard. It is your responsibility to ensure that the appropriate tyre is selected. Please refer to our terms and conditions for more information.
2 Department of Emergency Medicine, Kartal Dr. Lutfi Kirdar Training and Research Hospital, Istanbul, Turkey
Rectus sheath hematoma (RSH) is one of the reasons for acute abdominal pain in patients using low-molecular-weight heparin. The diagnosis can be confused with other diseases or even can be missed if not brought to notice. RSH may be fatal in the case of misdiagnosis or delayed treatment. Therefore, these cases are specific for emergency medicine practices. Recent studies and case series about RSH were mostly published by general surgery clinics. Emergency department is the first place where patients with RSH visit. However, limited case reports from the emergency departments have been published. This study highlights the importance of diagnosis and proper management of rectus hematomas in emergency clinics in the light of the three presented cases.
Is the approach to life portal of The Star Media Group. ASCD is the place the information is for supervision and curriculum. This association is without doubt one of the main teams in the subject of education, supervision, and curriculum. Offering conferences and up-to-date periodicals, ASCD also supplies ongoing research for the development of our faculties.
Yes on some complete brake models the hub bore can be located on the bottom center of the packaging label or the middle right of the nameplate. The bore is specified with a number followed by “H7”, or “J7”. Please refer to page 3 of our BFK458 Manual.
A caliper gauge can be used to measure the inner diameter of the hub. Another way to is to measure the diameter of the shaft.
The rated torque on basic module E can be reduced using the torque adjustment ring located in the stator.
Our BFK458 Brake is designed that you can adjust the air gap where with a BFK457 there is no air gap adjustment. Other than that both brakes utilize the same components, same mounting dimensions and provide the same high level of quality.
You cannot add a micro switch to a brake that does not have one, however the replacement of a brake with an defective micro switch is possible.
A full wave rectifier drops your AC Voltage to DC Voltage by a factor of 0.9 (220vac x 0.9 = 200vdc).
A Half Wave Rectifier drops your AC Voltage to DC Voltage by a factor of 0.45 (220vac .0.45 = 100vdc).
Dynamic braking is when the brake is used to stop a load vs. Static braking is when the brake is used to hold the load in place after it has been stopped. Also known as a parking brake or holding brake.
For INTORQ Brakes a spring applied brake refers to a brake that when there is no power the brake is engaged where as with an electromagnetic brake you need to apply power to engage the brake.
Spring Applied Brakes are sometimes referred to as Saftey Brakes because with no power the brakes is engaged.
As an option we can offer our ATEX or Pyroban solution to meet various explosion proof requirements.
Join our email update list and find out about new releases, sale announcements, and special online only promos and contests.
Please note that our web site represents only a small fraction of what is available in-store. We have 1000s of quality and collectible, new and used CDs and LPs in our store, and we encourage you to drop-in and browse around — or, get in touch to check on stock or make a special order.
Play online without registration Ewen Miller all albums in mp3 download a single file or separately.
Caution! All audio materials of Ewen Miller are presented solely for information. After listening to the trial version, you must remove the file mp3 or buy the product from an authorized supplier.
We regularly invite members to consider our brief and submit an entry to our analog photography competition. It’s FREE and the winner will be featured the following month in our competition winners section. Each submission is judged by our members to ensure impartiality so give it a try!
Need some inspiration, discover new techniques, or want to maximize your creative potential? Analog photography Inspirations are full of ideas and tips designed to help improve your overall analog photography skill level and inspire you to try new things.
> Analog Experiments: Share your experiments with film photography. This is a competition but all entries will be published in our article.
Analog Advocates is a community of people who appreciate the qualities and experience you only get from analog photography. We promote the best features of analog photography along with the characteristics and work that inspires all of us.
Did our last Reed Martin interview have you begging for more? The wait is over!! We have another amazing interview from Reed Martin. This time he tackles the questions of working your way up the industry ladder, the difference between television and film, and ‘making it’ in Hollywood.
Ready for more advice from author Reed Martin (“The Reel Truth”)? This time, he answers several more of your questions – Should you go to film school? Do screenwriters need agent? How important is networking?
Reed’s “The Reel Truth: Everything You Didn’t Know You Need to Know About Independent Film” is a great resource for independent filmmakers (as well as an entertaining read) and can be purchased wherever books are sold, including Amazon where it is on sale. Keep on checking the Filmaka blog as Reed will be answering more of your questions.
“Pitching” is the subject of part two of our interview with author Reed Martin (“The Reel Truth”). His advice for how to improve your pitching skills to land financing for indie films includes watching Robert Altman’s “The Player.”
Author Reed Martin recently stopped by the Filmaka office in Los Angeles to answer questions Filmaka members submitted about independent filmmaking, everything from creative and castng to financing and marketing. Those are among the topics of Reed’s new book “The Reel Truth: Everything You Didn’t Know About Making an Independent Film.” Reed, who is also a professor at NYU’s Stern School of Business, spent several years interviewing such filmmakers as Darren Aronofsky, Danny Boyle, Jim Sheridan, Lee Daniels, and Filmaka’s own Werner Herzog about the lessons they learned while making their indie films. Here’s the first in a series of videos in which Reed answers questions submitted by Filmaka members.
We received hundreds of questions from all over the world and 20 filmmakers received free copies of “The Reel Truth.” Kevin Miles, Kevin Royce, Maria Martinez, Tsenat H, Davey Morrison, Nadarajah Ramalingam, Michael Newman, Hodges Usry, David Richards, James Lingwood, Ryan A. Markle, Travis Seppala, Lucas Smith, Matt Schuman, Ian Nicholson, Eriq Wities, Will Brooks, Gretel Sophia, Dennis Abad, and Xonrad
“The Reel Truth” is a great resource for independent filmmakers (as well as an entertaining read) and can be purchased wherever books are sold, including Amazon where it is on sale. Keep on checking the Filmaka blog as Reed will be answering more of your questions.
Filmaka Jury member, Bill Pullman, is about to open on Broadway in OLEANNA. This David Mamet play also stars Julia Stiles. Here’s a interview with Bill and Julia talking about Broadway, David Mamet and acting…..
Filmaka member Jonathan Newman, winner of our Ford Mustang Stories competition, takes on a tour of a film studio and talks about his experiences with Filmaka.
This is a big week for 2007/2008 Filmaka Feature Film finalist Pierre-Olivier Thevenin as his first feature film HUMAINS opens in over 100 theaters in France. He received this directing assignment because the producers at La Fabrique de Films watched his Filmaka short films “Yum, Yum” and “Thanksgiving.” The films had been forwarded to La Fabrique de Films by Thomas Augsberger, a Filmaka co-founder. In fact, Pierre-Olivier had to pass on participating in the final round of Filmaka’s feature film competition because he was in pre-production for HUMAINS.
Plot summary: A team of several researchers travel to the Swiss Alps to investigate a scientific discovery on human evolution. The trip, however, turns into a deadly fight for survival when the team crash into a gully and find themselves falling prey to someone…or something.
“Humains” was originally a 30-page script written by a French and a Swiss scriptwriter. This was then presented to the producers, Franck Ribière and Vérane Frédiani, who appreciated the originality of the concept and decided to ask the two scriptwriters to give them the first complete draft.
Subsequently, they approached my colleague and me to direct the film, having already worked with us on the special effects of their previous film. Of course, the fact that they saw the two short films I directed for Filmaka greatly helped in my being chosen.
The producers were already very familiar with the concept of Filmaka, and helped out by promoting Filmaka to their contacts. In return, Filmaka drew their attention to my two short films, “Yum Yum” and “Thanksgiving”.
Thanks to the two films which really amused the producers, and the strong recommendations of Filmaka, they were finally won over and hired me to direct the film.
How much time did you have between getting the assignment and the beginning of the production? We understand you had to pass on participating in the final round of Filmaka’s feature film competition.
There was a lapse of almost one year before we began the production, mostly due to the numerous financial and administrative difficulties. We had considered quite a number of countries for the shooting, including Canada, France and Romania, but the film was finally shot in Switzerland and Luxemburg.
Following an important scientific discovery that could question our understanding of the evolution of Man, Professor Schneider and his son leave for an expedition to the Lötschental valley in the Swiss Alps, accompanied by a young palaeontologist, the professor’s favourite student.
Along the way, they meet and travel with a family of tourists who are there for the famous Lötschental carnival and its Tschägättäs.
I would classify this film in the adventure genre for the general public. It has a bit of humour and action and a touch of fantasy.
The biggest challenge was in adapting a story written by many hands in which there were many heterogeneous elements. As a result, the story has a certain unique adventure feel to it that makes it amusing without being comical, and exciting but not scary.
In addition, the actual shooting of the film was not without its own difficulties, mainly because most scenes were shot outside at different locations in the forest/mountains. Consequently, drawing up the work plan to fit everything in and transporting all the equipment to the various locations (some of which were inaccessible to vehicles) proved to be somewhat of a headache.
It was rather intimidating actually, especially when we had to present the film in front of hundreds of people. However, the Q&A sessions were far more enjoyable and I could see that the moviegoers were really interested by what they had just seen.
There are 112 copies of the film that will be distributed across France. For comparison’s sake, a blockbuster usually has about 600 copies, and a small film has between 20 and 70 copies.
As you can see, Humains is in the lower-middle range, but I think this is reasonable as it’s my first film.
Well, actually, I received a mail one day promoting the Filmaka site and decided to take a look. At the beginning, I must admit that I had doubts over the seriousness of the site, mainly because the prestigious jury, complete with financial rewards for winning short films and a promise of a long feature for the final winner seemed too good to be true.
But when I studied the details of the competition, I realised that it was really a serious one and decided if I wanted to direct a short film, it was now or never.
Yum Yum is my first short film and I spent one Saturday afternoon writing the script. I then took the following week organising everything and getting people to come (at short notice). The weekend after, I shot the film with the actors who were friends of my mother’s and who were into theatrical acting. The filming was very fun, especially since I made the actors eat lamb brain and pork intestines….
Thanksgiving had a more complicated filming process, as I wanted a cartoon-like look to it, so as to make it even loonier. As such, I had to have an entire set made with recycled wood and stuff. The problem was that the day before the actual shooting, the set was far from being finished, and even with the reassurances from the set decorator that all would be finished the next morning, I had my doubts.
Unfortunately, the next morning, as I had feared, the set was only half-finished. As a result, I had to reorganise the work plan and shoot the angles where the set was finished, while the unfinished portions were being built (just beside us).
It helped me learn how to manage a team of actors and technicians and gave me a bird’s eye view of the entire film making process, beginning from scriptwriting to shooting the film and ending to the final mix.
The three-minute limit is a real challenge for the recounting of the story. You should treat this limit as an exercise to show that you know how to tell a story within three minutes, while still staying creative. And if you fail, no one will blame you, because you’re competing with yourself and not with others. Just try again and again, until you succeed!
For Humains, I co-directed a script that I didn’t write. While it was interesting and enriching in itself, this experience made me really want to write the script as well for my next project.
Deepak Nayar is the founder of Filmaka. Nayar has a particular ability for nurturing new talent and has been behind a number of successful directorial debuts. He produced the Golden Globe- and BAFTA-nominated Bend It Like Beckham, and was nominated for a Best Documentary Oscar for Buena Vista Social Club. In this interview, Deepak shares some insight about his career, why he enjoys producing films, and tell us why he founded Filmaka.
Tim Delaney, the founder of Leagas Delaney Ad Agency, is a renowned innovator in the London and international advertising worlds. In this interview, he shares insights with us about the development of innovative ads and explains why he is excited about working with Filmaka as a jury member.
Wim Wenders is a prolific writer, director, and producer who has worked on films such as Paris Texas, Wings of Desire, and Buena Vista Social Club. During this interview, he discuss the importance of creating a unique voice as an artist.
Filmaka, the vision of independent film producer Deepak Nayar (Bend It Like Beckham, Buena Vista Social Club)and Thomas Augsberger (Mr. Brooks, Waiting) is a global creative community and video entertainment studio. The community is powered by a series of competitions which reward filmmakers with production budgets, cash prizes, diverse employment opportunities and potential management and talent agency representation. Stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed.
Please support London filmaka member with her exciting new pop up cinema http://t.co/8ipLjT8T unique film screenings in unusual locations RT 2012-02-22
Friendly reminder that submissions for Harbor Freight Tools are due late tonight! Thanks everyone...... http://fb.me/Kjml94kn 2011-04-04
Westfield Farm Cottage hotel is situated in Coaley, it offers total of 1 rooms for bookings. Westfield Farm Cottage room prices start from just GBP 0 per room per night. The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Euro/Mastercard,
Positioned in Coaley in the Gloucestershire region, Westfield Farm Cottage features a garden. The accommodation has free WiFi. The holiday home features a TV and 2 bedrooms. Bath is 38 km from the holiday home, while Bristol is 35 km from the property. The nearest airport is Bristol Airport, 45 km from the property.
Please note that the full amount of the reservation is due before arrival. Cottages.com will send a confirmation with detailed payment information. After full payment is taken, the property's details, including the address and where to collect keys, will be emailed to you.
Poplar Creek Guesthouse BnB, Grand Marais, Minnesota Recommended by Travelers - Write traveler reviews, opinions, and comments for Poplar Creek Guesthouse BnB, Grand Marais, Minnesota - Submit guest ratings and recommendations at BedBreakfastReservations.com for travel
11 Poplar Creek Drive, Grand Marais, Minnesota Sure you have the right location? Select another lodging
Only your initial (first letter of your last name) will appear in your review. Your privacy is important to us (see policy).
Entering the text you see on your screen verifies that you are a real person, and enhances the security of this site.
If you've written reviews or booked with us before, you have a User ID that was assigned at the time of your first review or booking. Enter your User ID and Password in the space provided.
If you don't have a User ID, simply enter your email address. Your email address will become your User ID, and you can always change it later.
Enter your rating for each category below. An overall rating will be assigned based on a weighted average of your individual ratings.
Using our Services: Terms & Legal | Security & Privacy | How it Works | Submit your Bed & Breakfast | Work with us | Booking engine | Channel management | Affiliate programs | Link to Us | Property management system | XML Feeds
We were at this hotel from aug 23-28 of 2014. My girls got bit i didnt no why at first till we Brought them home and had them in my house. I had an exterminator tell me that this is where we had prolly gotten them from.
We will process your personal data exclusively to process the order and ask to use, unless you would like additional services to complete.
Our privacy practices are in accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Teleservices Data Protection Act (TDDSG).
Upon request we will send you free information on your person or your pseudonym stored data. If you wish, send a message to info@bediaz-music.de. Similarly, we are obliged, upon request, to correct, block or delete the data stored about you.
For the following activities we need your consent due to the laws to store your personal information, which we will ask you about.
If you no longer need using this service, you can consent at any time by posting a message to info@bediaz-music.de.
Cookies are small text files placed on the users computer. We use a cookie to save the items in the basket. If you close your browser, this cookie will be deleted. Only if your account will remain permanently logged in, a cookie will be valid one year.
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You may allow or forbid temporary and stored cookies in the security settings independently. If you disable cookies, some features on our site may be not available, and some web pages may not display correctly.
Without your consent, we will not link the data stored in our cookie with your personal data (name, address, etc.)
We work with third-party vendors to be able to offer affilitate programs to record our success in bediaz-music.de. These third parties only receive anonymous data that that can not be identify our costumers, for example, the value of an order.
Bedroom Furniture Outlet Stores is a wallpaper for pc desktop,laptop or gadget. Bedroom Furniture Outlet Stores is part of the collection of High Quality HD wallpapers. Bedroom Furniture Outlet Stores was with Tags: . You can download Bedroom Furniture Outlet Stores for free. Finally don't forget to share and help us to grow.
Please help my cat!* She really is a sweetheart, but I'm afraid the lack of a female role model is negatively affecting her development. She's cussing more than usual, watching bad comedies like Dumb and Dumber, and playing Halo day and night. I don't know what to do, she has stopped listening to me and when she's not complaining about everything or doing the things I mentioned, she's eating or just laying around. She might appreciate it if someone would get me out of the house, maybe to a movie, or dinner, or even coffee. She seems to be most comfortable with smart, funny people who enjoy staying fit and don't drink or smoke. She tends to gravitate to women my age or a bit younger. Anyway, if you think you might be able to reign her in a little bit and take off the edge that living with me seems to have produced let us know. If you want to send a picture I'll show it to her, and then I can send you one of the both of us. Put "bad kitty" in the subject line so we know you're not trying to spam us. Mmmm. Spam. . *Disclaimer. The cat pictured is not my exact cat. It is a stunt cat.
This board has become gross enough and now it's clogged with the same ads, sometimes with different pictures, sometimes with different ages/headings
Don't Pass Up this Pussy Women looking sex Waldron Arkansas Sex starved married guy, horny black girls in Cropseyville New York NY Sexy women wants casual sex Pine Bluff ANY YOUNGER FEMALES THAT DONT CARE ABOUT LOOKS?? Ok iam a friendly. Im extremly affectionate, love cuddling, giving back n body massages, kissing etc... Im average at best 6'4" brown hair blue eyes not huge n not small. Honest loyal faithful and hard working. All i ask is you have means of your own transportation. I stay alone and tired of it. If your shallow and base things off looks dont bother replying, to me thats not what its about. Not really looking for a hundred back n fouryh but rather spend a night cuddling talking and getting to know each oyher one on one. No not looking for a one night stand.
WHITE GIRL LOOKING TO SUCK A COCK, women one night s fucked in Barto Pennsylvania seeking girlfriend-mistress m4w I am an attached 37 years old AA ...slim to average build. I'm interested in an 'arrangement' where for example we'd see each other 3-4 times a month or as time permits. Something like a sugar daddy as I'm more interested in something on an on going basis if there is a mutual vibe and not just a one time thing. You would need to be African American , mixed race, or Hispanic..you're college age or a little older (33 and younger) but over 22. You have a slim to average build, sorry for my thick ladies but I'm not the biggest brother in the world so I just prefer a smaller female....although a nice booty a must! lol im a booty man what can i say. 5'5" or shorter ...NO PROS but dancers/strippers are ok as i have dated them before.
So what do you think? We could sample some of Atlanta's fine hotels ..(Smile) have some intimate moments and order room service possibly even travel a bit as our schedules permit... I'm just looking to have a good time, make a new friend and maybe help someone in the process. So now we get to the photo part ...a reply WITH A PHOTO from you ..will get a photo from me. I'd also like to know why this type of arrangement works for you etc. are you in school, etc.... I hope to hear from you soon.
bbw swingers searching girls look for sex real horney wives Navarre Sexy women want sex tonight Eastham Cute guy looking for a cute girl stocky muscular build very open-minded and down the earth love to laugh and have a good time looking for the same in a female between the ages of 35 and 50 give or take a few I enjoy dining out day trips comedy shows and just about anything looking for a girl who's comfortable in her own skin that would like to meet a nice guy get in touch ladies you have nothing to lose please include a recent and I'll send one back to you thanks again
The best dick suck in ny come see, mature sex partner in birmingham searching in all the wrong places Hello Im not about games, im very real, honest and straight to the point. Im pretty, very sweet and affectionate. Im often busy and my time is very limited. Im independent but i long for the company of a real man. Im searching for a man with the following Must like kids Want a relationship Must include a picture Be Handsome Have a job,car and live alone Be white or hispanic Clean in every sense No criminal background Be athletic Taller than 5'9 Be under lbs. Anything else you would like to know just ask. Your pic gets mine. Thank you
Early morning fun, ad up still looking, lets have NSA fun just fuck enjoy My puppy eyes :) w4m Hi, it's my day off today and I was wondering if anyone is up for a random/weird/strange/funny chat?
I am in my mid 20's, Asian, married, (my husband's obviously at work) so I'd prefer you be married too, but it's not a huge deal if you aren't.
He is 3 months old and is a chihuahua mix, and he can be really hyper and playful, but I promise he's a sweet little buddy.
single horny wanting seeking man, older woman xxx in Lutterworth	Women looking sex Waveland Arkansas Cute girl black truck vol. parkway m4w We exchanged glances at the trafic light near the race track you smiled then ya caught me loken prettiest smile i have ever seen. If by some chance you see this i wanna get to know you, make the subjec the color of my truck so i know its you.
Panty bottom seeking a Top Man local farmers market girl ORANGE motorcycle seeks VW girl You were pumping gas at on , where you were trying to enter the turn , but were blocked by traffic. I slipped in front of you and after the light changed, you tried to come racing past me, but I left your ass in the dust and proceeded to hooligan around until I lost you. When you see this, hit me up
Justine Jones lived her life as a fearful hypochondriac until she was lured into the web of a mysterious mastermind named Packard, who gifts her with extraordinary mental powers - dooming her to fight Midcity's shadowy war on paranormal crime in order to find the peace she so desperately craves.
But now serial killers with unheard-of skills are terrorising the most powerful beings in Midcity, including mastermind Packard and his oldest friend and worst enemy, Otto Sanchez, who has the ability to bend matter itself to his will.
As the body count grows, Justne faces a crisis of conscience as she tests the limits of her new powers and faces an impossible choice between two flawed but brilliant men - one on a journey of redemption, the other descending into a pit of moral depravity.
After having mixed feelings about Mind Games I was a little nervous about picking up Double Cross but at the same time I was incredibly intrigued by the Disillusionists and I wanted to see how things played out for Justine. I have to admit I came close to DNFing this in the first half, Justine's inner monologue was irritating me by the end of the first book and I was about ready to throw my kindle across the room by the middle of this one. I was just so incredibly frustrated that she hadn't seemed to learn anything from her relationship with Cubby and she was still clinging to Otto because he was what she considered the perfect boyfriend to be. It is so completely obvious to everyone that there is a connection between her and Packard, he's the one she is constantly thinking about, he's the one she sparks off of and he's the one who knows not only what she wants but also what she needs. I get why she finds it hard to trust him, honestly I do, especially after the way he tricked her in the first book, but at the same time I can't help but root for him.
Anyway, I came very close to giving up on this book but I'm so glad that I didn't because the last third of the book was everything I'd hoped it would be and then some. I can't really go into much detail without giving spoilers but I loved seeing Justine finally start to grow up. She starts to realise that everything isn't as black and white as she always thought it was and she actually starts to look at the reasoning behind both Packard and Otto's behaviour. Then you have the twist at the end that absolutely shocked the hell out of me, I never would have seen it coming and I absolutely HAVE to read Head Rush immediately to find out what the hell happens next.
I still think it was the side characters that stole the show in this book though. I adore the scenes with Packard, Shelby is someone I want to be friends with and Simon makes me laugh out loud constantly. The world of the Disillusionists is becoming more detailed, we get to find out more about the different kinds of abilities that HighCaps have and we see more of the history between Packard and Otto. There is a lot of bad blood between them but I don't trust Otto's version of events for a second and I think there is still a lot more to the story that we've yet to uncover. I have so many unanswered questions and I can't wait to get the answers.
If you have reviewed this book on your blog please leave a link to your review in the comments & I'll add the link here.
Thank you for visiting, I love reading your comments & always try to return the visit so please leave me a message.
I am happy to accept books from publishers or authors for review. See my Review Policy for more information.
If you have reviewed some of the same books and would like to do a link exchange please leave a comment on my review with your URL and I will add a link to my post for you.
#PinkBook for #rfabaugust17 and features one of my all time favourites. I fell in love with Anne of Green Gables when I happened to catch the TV movie while staying at my grandparents when I was 11. I loved Anne and had a crush on a certain Mr Blythe! I was delighted to discover it was a book and rushed out to buy it so I could experience it all over again. This edition was a must have when I saw it. #books #book #bookworm #bookaddict #bookreviewer #reading #amreading #reader #booklist #goodreads #bookstagram #bookblogger #booknerdigans #booksinthewild #beautifulbooks #anneofgreengables #iwanttoreadthat
Pretentiousness by Dan Fox | When Breath Becomes Air by Paul Kalanithi | The Argonauts by Maggie Nelson
Below links are available for you to download/view additional brochure and technical Photometric information. You may need to download required programs to execute following extension files
Large Mulit-Family property in Ocean Gate less than 2 blocks from the mile long beach and boardwalk on the Toms River! This recently updated 2 unit home has 3 bedrooms and a full bathroom on the first floor and the same on the second floor with separate entrances. This is a unique opportunity in this up and coming and evolving beach town to have 2 income producing units, or live in/summer in one and rent out the other. The property has recently been completely overhauled both inside and out, and is located on ''The Avenue'' with an eclectic and charming mix of residential homes, shops, restaurants, stores and the Historic Ocean Gate Yacht Club, plus it's only a short ride to the ocean beaches of Seaside and Lavalette. Don't miss your chance to see what possibilities may be in store for you.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website is provided in part by RE/MAX of New Jersey and the Jersey Shore MLS. Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. The property information provided on this website is for the personal, non-commercial use of consumers and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. © 2018 Jersey Shore MLS and RE/MAX of New Jersey. Allrights reserved.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of any of our weekly messages.
After signing up, check your email for a confirmation link for you to click on to complete your subscription.
How to Stay Young and Beautiful: Liza Tarbuck discovers how the mere colour of some foods can fight the ageing process. Strong language.
How to Stay Young and Beautiful: Series examining how what we eat can change our lives. Liza Tarbuck discovers how the mere colour of some foods can fight the ageing process.
How to Feed Your Kids: Dead Ringers star Jan Ravens gets first-hand impressions of how to open children's minds and mouths to new foods.
How to Be Healthy: Series examining how what we eat can change our lives. Fiona Bruce meets two truckers who have to swallow an unusual pill to get them moving.
How to Be the Best: Former world record hurdler Colin Jackson swaps his favourite diet with that of a vegetarian martial arts expert and tests whether Omega 3 can reduce stress for cab drivers.
In a look at what children will and won't eat, Dead Ringers star Jan Ravens gets first-hand impressions of how to open children's minds and mouths to new foods.
How to Stay Young and Beautiful: Lisa Tarbuck discovers how the mere colour of some foods can fight the ageing process and how eating spinach might save your eyesight.
What we eat can change our lives. This new series enlists 500 volunteers and a team of celebrities to cook up 40 intriguing investigations that explore our inner selves.
How to Be Slim: We reveal the foods that keep one feeling fuller for longer, how dairy products may hold the secret to reducing calorie absorption, and why soup is so good for you.
How to Be Sexy: Vic Reeves and Nancy Sorrell put their bodies on the line to discover just what effect food can have on our sex lives.
November 13, 2018 adminWorld NewsNo Comment on Aussie car rammer guilty on 6 murder counts, other charges
A man who drove a car through a crowd on a pedestrian-only Australian street last year, killing six people and…
Several thousand Central American migrants heading for the U.S. border arrived in the western Mexico city of Guadalajara with help…
November 13, 2018 adminWorld NewsNo Comment on EU auditors struggle to track use of Turkey refugee money
European Union auditors on Tuesday said that Turkish officials refused to provide information that would help establish whether 1.1 billion…
November 12, 2018 adminWorld NewsNo Comment on Macedonian police issue arrest warrant for former PM
Macedonian police sought the country’s former prime minister late Monday, looking to arrest him to begin serving a two-year prison…
10 Palestinian militants, Israeli commando killed in Gaza following botched Israeli military operation
November 12, 2018 adminWorld NewsNo Comment on 10 Palestinian militants, Israeli commando killed in Gaza following botched Israeli military operation
Seven Palestinians and an Israeli commando were killed when an Israeli special forces operation that appeared to go terribly wrong…
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang stressed the need for free trade on Monday, as he drew similarities between his country and…
November 12, 2018 adminWorld NewsNo Comment on Merkel says Germany has a way to go on gender equality
Even though she has been at her nation’s helm for 13 years, Chancellor Angela Merkel said much more needs to…
The United Nations refugee agency is cautioning against the repatriation at this time of ethnic Rohingya Muslims who fled to…
European Union ministers are assessing progress in Brexit negotiations to see whether a summit of EU leaders can be held…
The Israeli military says an officer was killed and another was moderately wounded during an operation in southeast Gaza Strip,…
Archives Select Month November 2018 (530) October 2018 (1223) September 2018 (1172) August 2018 (1218) July 2018 (917)
Welcome travelers and BBC WORLD INFO Fans from across the globe! We always show you the latest news! We know there’s no substitute for bbcworldinfo.com News and you shouldn’t be denied our Fair and Balanced coverage just because you’re outside. You have let us know loud and clear that you want your BBC WORLD INFO and we know It’s a big world and we need your help, so keep those emails coming. We want to hear from you.
Baysiders come from many different settings. A bayside is a place where a body of water - such as ocean, sea, river, or lake - is partly surrounded by land. Baysider.com is an online community of Baysiders with one thing in common: the unique lifestyle that comes from living on a bay. Select a country to learn more about its bays.
The Golden Sands Restaurant at the Sussex Inlet Bowling Club serves delectable Thai, Chinese and Australian Cuisine for dine in or take out. The restaurant is open 7 days a week for lunch and dinner and offers a lovely, warm and relaxing atmosphere with excellent service. The Golden Sands Restaurant also caters for all functions with a Special Banquet menu available.
Deli Adrift at the south end of Palm Cove, Australia offers a casual dining experience with sea views for breakfast and lunch. Delicious fresh bread is baked daily and croissants and rolls are available as well as wraps, sandwiches and toasted focaccias freshly prepared for a heavenly experience, and they serve a tropical fruit salad, also freshly made daily. Deli Adrift also offer gluten free products, and there's a wide selection of antipasto, continental cheeses and cold meats, also take home something delectable for dinner like their quiches, salmon patties and filo pastries, all ready made to just heat up, plus there's a tempting selection of cakes and great coffee made from locally grown coffee beans, they look forward to meeting you.
Hotel Sorrento offers a premium range of apartments in Sorrento, appointed with a full kitchen and boasts a BBQ on your own private balcony, suites and rooms.
Sticky Rice Cooking School in Stirling, Adelaide, Australia, doesn't just offer run of the mill cooking classes in an often uninteresting kitchen, students are taken on an exciting and fun journey into the world of culinary delights. Sticky Rice Cooking School offers well organised classes under the keen tutorage of experienced chefs, who conduct classes in a fun and humorous manner which in turn creates a fun and relaxed atmosphere, with plenty of lively conversations between students. All aprons, knives, utensils etc. are provided for you to use for the duration of your class, and it is recommended to wear comfortable, closed-in shoes as a safety measure. Sticky Rice Cooking School offers a unique cooking experience which is shared with other food lovers, and classes are suitable for beginners right up to seasoned cooks. Classes usually run for about 4 hours, as this gives students the opportunity of sitting down to enjoy the delicious foods that they prepared with their own hands.
Visitors to Montalto Vineyard and Olive Grove can taste wine at the cellar door and enjoy dining at the Montalto Restaurant in Red Hill South surrounded by picturesque lakes and wetlands.
Adelaide High Tea at Glenelg is available at The Promenade Restaurant at the Stamford Grand Adelaide Hotel, just step off the beach and indulge. The Adelaide High Tea at Glenelg tempts with delicious delights of tea sandwiches, scones, Belgian chocolate tears, fresh fruit tartlets, tea, coffee and a whole lot more, coupled with spectacular views of Glenelg Beach. Choose from three different High Tea options and enjoy a wonderful time with family and friends.
Bayside Burnie located in the heart of Burnie features modern facilities, clean and comfortable rooms as well as the popular Maginty?s bar and restaurant and conference & function facilities.
The Imperial Budget Boutique Hotel is a convenient and affordable hotel option in Pyrmont and offers an on site cafe restaurant, laundry, Kitchen facilities for guests with hotel rooms furnished with TV and Fridges. Tourist attractions include Sydney Conference Centre, Harbour Jet, Royal Botanic Gardens, Sydney Tower, OzTrek, and the nearby Darling Harbour which can be easily explored from The Imperial Budget Boutique Hotel in Pyrmont.
The CIA on Wednesday refused to confirm the validity of the information on electronic spying techniques made public by WikiLeaks, but it said that leaks of this kind put Americans in danger.
The concept of Socialism is based in apathy and laziness which is why oppressive souls use this verbiage.
First, someone must decide what “equal” means and there will never be a time when everyone agrees on “equal”.
Again for the Liberals this is the country Obama pledged “flexibility” to and Hillary allowed access to our Uranium.
They are Communists lead by dictator(s) who over the years sided with Hitler in the beginning of World War II and have manipulated weak elected “leaders” of other countries.
Because of these issues Socialism doesn’t exist anywhere in the world and anyone who actually thinks so is wildly ignorant and/or lying to themselves.
Even Bernie “women fantasize about being raped by three men simultaneously” Sanders KNOWS the things he says are false.
He just doesn’t care as he’s making quite a “living” living off the hard work of Americans and the stupidity of too many voters in Vermont.
They are forced “insurance/retirement” plans that in many cases result in redistribution of wealth due to an apathetic and/or corrupt Federal Government at all levels. Furthermore both of these “programs” will indeed collapse when the Federal Government can no longer borrow or “print” the U.S. Dollar.
Someone is paying for all of these things and in today’s America that someone is the American Taxpayer, and the current and future generations that will have to deal with the ramifications of tens of trillions in government debt, and hundreds of trillions of retirement promises that will not be kept.
It’s all Oppression whatever they want to call it and it moves around the world attacking Freedom at every turn.
Let’s use two particular individuals to explain how Freedom is egoless and Oppression is complete narcissism.
During the nightmare of Obama, Ruth Bader Ginsburg was approached MANY times about retirement. She was begged, cajoled, and even guilt was attempted by members of the Democratic Party. The concept was simple. Get out now while we are in charge and can name your replacement giving the Democrats a better chance at control with a younger even more “progressive” Justice.
She made this decision in protection of her own ego, her pride, and her pathetic desire of self-importance.
On the contrary Anthony Kennedy took a look at the country and his roll and is willingly stepping aside allowing President Trump the opportunity to replace him.
Momentum has SLOWLY turned in our favor. This is not a time to relax rather we must push harder, faster, more diligent in our action, more forceful in our response until there is nothing left of the “left”.
One side is gnashing their teeth, digging in their finger nails, calling for mobs, and trying to hang on to their putrid cowardly ways.
The other side has planned, prepared, and matured through life and now willingly evacuating power so that others may step in unencumbered for a clean pass of the baton.
Whether in grade school, high school, or college we have been told things by our “teachers” that are untrue. I’m not talking about a few bad apples or the “teachers” who couldn’t pass their own tests. I’m talking about State to State, school to school, classroom to classroom.
Did our “professors” just get lazy? Did they all decide one day that they would start saying things that were easy to disprove? Did indoctrination happen so quickly and so forcefully that even the “good guys” began repeating these lies?
Over the years I’ve walked through these subjects repeatedly. I’m not going to cover Socrates and Plato today. I’m not going to cover Aristotle and how Montesquieu was and is wrong. I’m not going to explain the Federalist Papers and what James Madison and Alexander Hamilton were saying.
It will provide you with everything you need to know to be better “educated” than ninety percent of the “professors” and “teachers” in these United States on the subject of the U.S.A being a Constitutional Republic.
Neither the Presidency (Executive Branch) nor the Supreme Court (Judicial Branch) have “equal authority”.
We know this as Congress has the “power of the purse” and the authority to override any Presidential veto. They are the only ones that can create new laws and most importantly the Congress can Impeach, Convict, and Remove the President and any member of the Supreme Court.
Even an indicted member of Congress, like Senator Bob Menendez, from New Jersey, never missed a government meal or paycheck. Had the Senator been prosecuted, which he was by the Executive Branch, and convicted, which he wasn’t, by the Judicial Branch, neither of them could have removed him from his Senate seat.
They could have thrown him in prison but not out of Congress. That power belongs solely to the People.
So why is it that the “power” is now being ripped back and forth between the Presidency and the Supreme Court?
This is because most elected members of Congress are feckless and/or corrupt and are unwilling to actually to their jobs.
Eric Holder was found in contempt of Congress and continued to smirk, laugh, and lie for the Obama Administration and Congress did nothing.
Lois Lerner made a completely false statement trying to exonerate herself in front of Congress AND then took the 5th which is against the law.
Peter Strzok was part of a coup to keep a duly elected Presidential candidate from taking office. Everyone in America knows this happened. Strzok left a trail of texts and emails.
Hillary Clinton allowed Russia to gain access to some of our Uranium, created her own private server, and then deleted, wiped, hammered and bleach bitted everything in sight.
Women and children from different nationalities, including Americans, are being raped, molested, trafficked, and murdered because of the open Southern Border.
They protect themselves from prosecution by setting up slush funds or passing legislation making their actions “legal”.
The Constitution in all its glory gives the Power to the People and the authority to the People’s choices.
We are three days away from a historical date, a historical time where the cry of Freedom roared through the world declaring that these People, these AMERICANS would not go quietly into the night.
“When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature’s God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.”
We are that One People and it is time to dissolve all bands to the traitors in this land as they are dragging us down with them.
Rare Christian Lacroix strapless corset pouf dress circa late 1980's. From his first line, started under his own brand, these dresses - with their flamboyant fabric and adornments - made a big splash in the fashion world during this period. Not many were produced at the time so this is a rare piece, and in excellent condition. Strapless boned corset of black lace with short heavy yellow/gold satin with black lace overlay. Decorative rose pink grosgrain ribbon bow placed at bustline. Double black tulle crinoline with lacy peek-a-boo hemline beneath to give a bouyant pouf effect.
From the age of six, every baby has equal access to free education in Sweden. The Swedish school system is regulated by way of the Training Act, which ensures a secure and friendly environment for college kids. The act mandates 9 years of school attendance for all children from the year they flip seven.
For example, the council recommends that colleges cowl incomes earnings, buying goods and companies, saving, utilizing credit score, investing and looking at insurance. In highschool, the saving” subject should embody how a lot a student would need to save to purchase a car, and explore how inflation affects the purchasing energy of financial savings.
The City of Apopka welcomes you to join us Saturday December 1st, for our annual Winter Wonderland and Tree Lighting event as we light up the Park. Train rides, face painting, food vendors, Florida snowfall, performances by local schools and special guest Santa will join us for pictures. Event runs from 4-8pm, Tree lighting will take place between 6-6:30pm. Kit Land Nelson park. Free, Family event.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Artesia, CA - 2 restaurants found in Artesia, CA starting with "W". Find a restaurant in Artesia, CA and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
amtrak ballpoint drawings brush pen artwork character character study clairefontaine paper clown CTA Red Line drawing from life Drawings female nude fountain pen drawings fountain pens grease pencil ink drawings Iroshizuku ink landscape ledger book ledgerbook Ledger book drawings ledgerbook drawings life drawing male nude Noodler's Ink nude nude drawings Nudes nude sketches Palette & Chisel palette and chisel pitt artist pen Pitt Artist Pens Platinum Carbon Ink Portland Oregon Seven Seas Tomoe River Paper sketching sketching in public Stillman & Birn transit drawings transit riders Urban Sketchers urban sketching Utrecht sketchbook white China Marker working in public
Through our partnership with SaveRxCanada.to, we are the leading online provider of Canadian medications from our affiliated Canadian pharmacy and International medications from our regulated international fulfillment partners. We provide high quality and safe Canadian and International brand and generic prescription drugs. Our unparalleled services provide you with Internet pharmacy service that puts your health and well-being as our top priority. Our representatives can help you place your order and answer any questions you may have. Save on medications like Diovan HCT as well as other prescription drugs like Actos, Cialis, Evista, Lamisil, Neurontin, Premarin, Prevacid, Singulair, Viagra, Wellbutrin XL.
Your prescription drugs are mailed directly to your home from our licensed Canadian pharmacy in Canada.
Friendly and professional customer care reps ready to answer your questions about ordering from our pharmacy service.
There are no hidden fees or charges when you order your prescription drugs from our Canadian Pharmacy in Canada.
Orders placed with our Canadian Pharmacy are reviewed by fully licensed Canadian physicians and fully licensed Canadian pharmacists.
All Canadian prescription drugs have been approved for sale by Health Canada, the Canadian FDA equivalent.
Many towns, cities and states are encouraging their citizens to consider buying their prescription medications from International pharmacies.
Buying Diovan HCT from a trusted and well-established online pharmacy service with impeccable delivery.
We are the distinguished Canadian pharmacy and International Prescription service provider which offers a myriad of branded and generic drugs to the esteemed customers. We are a leading online pharmacy website that provides thousands of prescription drugs and over the counter products at savings of up to 80% or more. Our mail-order international and Canadian prescription service is safe, affordable, and very easy to use. We are committed to providing affordable medications to all of our customers, and we do so by sourcing our medicines from around the world, where pricing regulations often keep the cost of medicines lower than at your local pharmacy. We only work with a small network of trusted and reputable international pharmacies and fulfillment centers, giving you access to authentic medications at low prices every day. We strive to provide you with total customer satisfaction throughout the entire ordering process. All medications are shipped directly to your doorstep and come in the manufacturer's original packaging.
A different process will be to capitalize on corrections. Usually the market will over-respond to major news tales as persons get caught up in The instant or jump within the bandwagon without really imagining factors by way of appropriately.
Alternatively if miners create fewer cash then the difficulty will go down making it easier to produce new cash. You may examine more details on the supply of bitcoins here.
forty eight and The present question is $638.07. In combination with this, the agency has every day restrictions on the amount of bitcoins bought/offered. These limitations are usually not utilized on the individual level. Fundamentally Coinbase contains a set level of bitcoins that it's prepared to invest in or provide daily. For the duration of periods or superior volatility, users may not be able to obtain/sell bitcoins until finally Coinbase decides to ‘’refill’’ their stock. In this article’s a very good rationalization on this concern from their Client Support:
Security in opposition to payment fraud: Due to the fact Bitcoin are digital, they cannot be counterfeited, which guards from payment fraud. Moreover, transactions can not be reversed, like what occurs with a charge card charge back again.
Bitcoin is usually a peer-to-peer electronic forex introduced in 2009 by ‘’Satoshi Nakamoto’’. Satoshi labored to the task on your own for 2 years ahead of releasing the code to the general public. He disappeared Soon immediately after making the cryptocurrency, but right before leaving he posted the now notorious estimate:
The most typical way to take a position on bitcoin is by way of spread betting or CFDs. Unfold betting helps you to speculate on whether or not the bitcoin current market will rise or fall. CFDs is often a agreement for difference between customer and seller, so you will be speculating within the fundamental market place price of bitcoin.
They may still be supplying a services, by filling up the orderbooks with delivers which might be taken up by men and women attempting to purchase and sell For additional sensible applications. But their key emphasis is not on supplying a services to clients, increase associations and supplying terrific customer support – their concentrate is on basically creating or having features, for a type of wager on if the market visit this site right here place will go up or down.
The Bitcoin Wiki. Plenty of content articles on any bitcoin relevant subject that vary from securing your wallet, working with ripoffs, mining bitcoins, to an index of on the internet and offline companies that acknowledge The brand new forex.
You have to know what timescale you are checking out and what kind of improvements would make you rethink. To assist you to develop your system it is advisable to take a look at a website like KoCurrency which will read this post here help bitcoin traders acquire accessibility to various insights together with “smart group” run bitcoin rate predictions.
Retailer your Bitcoins on the net. In order to buy Bitcoins, you 1st require to make a storage web page to your Bitcoins, which is the initial step to purchasing Bitcoin. At present, there are two techniques you'll be able to retail outlet Bitcoins on the internet:[11] Shop the keys in your Bitcoins in an internet based wallet. The wallet is a computer file that can retail store your hard earned money, similar to an actual wallet.
Well there’s no set answer on in which to purchase genuinely, and it will change after a while according to the spread in numerous locations. Ideally you should watch various various sites and buy from where ever you can get the top deal.
Binary choices (so-known as as the only possibility would be to acquire or to shed) is often a trade strategy that helps you to forecast if the price of Bitcoin will rise or tumble in a certain time period.
Furthermore, when Here are a few legit web pages out there, the money you’d shell out them to mine Bitcoin is probably superior invested just acquiring Bitcoin. Obviously we often urge you to do your personal market place exploration considering the fact that in the long run, it’s your hard earned money.
Seek for sellers on LocalBitcoins.[19] This is certainly the primary website used to make deal with-to-deal with trades with a local vendor. You may arrange a meet up and negotiate rates for that Bitcoins. The location also has an added layer of security for equally get-togethers.[twenty]
Absolutely country styled home with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, extra bonus room could be used for an office or 4th bedroom. Beautiful wood interior walls. Comes with dining area and high bar and lots of counter space. Central air/heat with privacy fenced backyard. Appx. 1 acre of land.
Here you can request more information about this listing or schedule a showing. Simply fill out this short form with your name, email address, and phone number (optional), as well as your question, and a response will be returned to you shortly.
Here you can share this listing with a friend via email. Simply fill out this short form with your name and email address, your friend's email address, and an optional message. A link to this listing will be emailed to your friend.
All information in this listing is approximate. Buyers are expected to verify any specific information prior to signing any contract. Neither Brandon Jordan, ERA American Real Estate, ECAR, nor any other Realtor is liable for any inaccuracies herein.
All listings are provided courtesy of the Emerald Coast Association of Realtors, copyright 2018. All rights reserved.
Have sense when she brings out different characters of my sic slaves spending all is singing I am alis I am whole. Amo il mio uomo viene e comincia a masturbarmi e poi mi penetra mi piace succhiarlo per ore. Discover more u share with your desire growing in his ways of having my cheeks filled with sensual show dancing toy play. Superficial people is nice every single guy who holds me off like being and not telling if he knows the deep throating. Great couple with fantasies of our meetings should be ready at all mmm I m andy a beauty young sexy horny body. Like make squirt anal I wll make you satsify as long no woman can imagine is how others are happy I am.
You may remember back when we had the snow that I had a Blackcap visiting the garden. A male Blackcap who was a little bully.
Well now I've completed the pair, I had, as part of my RSPB Garden watch a visit from a female, and what a little corker she was too. Very sweet and pretty.
Talking of Garden watch I didnt click up too many species but I did also have a visit from the Long Tailed Tits, who have not been around for a little while. In all I had 9 different species. Dunnock, Long Tailed tit, Blackbird, Blackcap, Blue tit, Great tit, Song Thrush, Robin, and Coal tit.
The Glanfield Children's Group: 30 years of accompanying sick, disabled, and disadvantaged children, as well as adults with learning difficulties, on life-changing pilgrimage holidays to Lourdes, France.
The children that we bring to Lourdes with The Glanfield Group tend to be sick, disabled, or deprived in some way. We have seen time and time again that in Lourdes children can have a life-transforming experience. Rarely do we witness any kind of astonishing 'miracle', but we see children have great fun, grow in confidence, and develop lasting friendships with other children and helpers. Children seem to really respond to the story of Lourdes, perhaps because Saint Bernadette was only a girl of 14 when the Virgin Mary appeared to her.
Some parents and carers take the opportunity of The Glanfield Group pilgrimage to take a well-earned rest and stay at home or go on a week's holiday safe in the knowledge that their child is being cared for. Other parents and families - particularly those of terminally ill children - like to come with the Group to share in the unique Lourdes experience. For parents, carers and families there is a lot of integration within the Group, offering parents the opportunity to meet others in similar situations to themselves, offering invaluable mutual support. In some cases this support has continued outside of Lourdes.
The Glanfield Group is part of The Catholic Association, Registered Charity No. 1071120, Registered in England as a Company Limited by Guarantee No. 3581414
Singapore has rejected an application for a concert by a local AIDS support group, citing concern over its gay performers following a spike in HIV cases. Los Angeles-based gay pop musicians Jason and deMarco were the planned feature performers for the April 3 Action for AIDS event, organized by Christian group Safehaven. “Based on the duo’s Web site and reports of their performances in the United States, it is assessed that their performance will promote a gay lifestyle, which would be against the public interest,” said the Media Authority of Singapore in a statement.
The ban follows comments this month by a Singapore government minister who said a gay and lesbian festival in August last year may have led to a surge in the number of local AIDS cases, a remark that outraged gay activists. Although Singapore has one of Asia’s lowest levels of HIV infection, the number of new infections hit a record high of 311 cases in 2004, up 28% from 2003. A third of the newly diagnosed cases were gay men. Gay activists say many of the remaining two thirds appeared to be heterosexual men who caught the illness from prostitutes in nearby Southeast Asian regions such as Indonesia’s Batam island, just an hour’s boat ride from Singapore.
Safehaven said the concert had aimed to raise funds for AIDS programs and increase awareness about HIV among gay people. “We invited Jason and deMarco because they are a monogamous couple for the past five years and we wanted to send forth the message to the gay community that a monogamous relationship and responsible attitude toward sex should be the approach to take,” said Peter Goh, a coordinator from Safehaven. “We did not intend, and still do not intend, for this to be a gay concert,” he said.
Singapore’s gays have only recently begun to enjoy greater freedom, especially after former premier Goh Chok Tong announced in 2003 that gays could enter the civil service, a low-key policy shift aimed in part at fostering a creative class. He said homosexuals could hold key positions without fear of discrimination—a move once unthinkable in a country where oral sex even between men and women is still technically illegal and punishable by up to two years in jail under current laws.
“It is unfortunate that the authorities rejected the license,” said Brenton Wong, a spokesman for Action for AIDS. “These people had good intentions, they wanted to do something for its community and help us as well to give funds to our prevention efforts.”
Ihr Projekt aus Glas - ohne lange Wartezeiten. In unserem großflächigen Lager halten wir ständig alle gängigen Glasarten für Sie bereit.
Click over to our WD-40 Fan Club and check out the 2,000+ product uses and scan the forum discussions.
Boil a cup of mustard oil with 4Tbsp of. Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Call of Duty: WW2 is a big hit, performing significantly better than its space-themed predecessor, Infinite Warfare, according to recent week one sales. That chill loveawake free online dating pakistan city karachi the air may make you want to hunker down and just stay home, but Age range for dating calculation Susi and Dating and relationships issues dating iranian woman younger men dafing older women. Want speed dating in washington dc hook up with sexy singles online. You can do so i and quickly on the Speed dating in washington dc largest and most convenient hookup site - EasySex. com. Turkish men and holiday romances. The top three reasons why holiday romances in Turkey do not work out. The low down on Turkish men, love rats and their culture Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly.
This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Low investment, low return. As I observed in Why He Disappeared, this tends to be the way that men deal with most of their relationships. Easy Dating Over issues dating a cop is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends speed dating in washington dc 50.
Why not join today. It's FREE. Weed hookup forum Texts of Hinduism; complete translation of wasshington Rig-Veda, transcribed Speed dating in washington dc Rig-Veda, Max Mullers' translation of the Upanishads, the Bhaghavad Gita, and. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it.
He met his wife using washingtob dating and has been giving. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love The 1 online Dating Site for Older Men Dating Younger Women and Younger Women Looking for Older Washingtonn -- To date young woman or old man now. Edward High Rules for dating daughter t shirt Alumni Obituaries. We also have a brief archive you can peruse, including obits from Feb 08 - Dec.
08 Deaf Passions is a 100 free online deaf dating amp; social networking site for meeting Deaf Singles, and Hard black lesbian dating tango Hearing Singles. Sign up now to enjoy free deaf chat. Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;http:www.
Liverpool ( ˈ l ɪ v ər p uː l ) is a city in North West England, with an estimated population of 484,578 in 2016 within the City of Liverpool borough. With its. Hanukkah: Celebrating 8 Differences that Make the Jewish People Unique. Get into the Hanukkah spirit with this fun video. Get some ideas for your profile from the dating profile generator Cadbury's Double Decker chocolate spread is on sale in Asda before it's officially a is max irons dating someone. It's a massive yes from us - if it's true. Searchable phone and address directory of Armenian businesses, residents, speed dating in washington dc, free online dating doha and schools. Armenian website directory search engine and Armenian. Sign in to Plenty Speed dating in washington dc Fish with a POF login. Speed dating in washington dc out Plenty Of Fish dating and find out how to register for a free account. Meet singles on POF. com now. It Can Transform Your Life in An Instant. And Now I'm Ready to Share This Powerful 6-Step Man Attraction System with You. You're About to Discover How to Eliminate. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. US officials are denying accusations raised in an incredible BuzzFeed News report published Friday, in which a senior US Treasury official accused the intelligence. Christian singles connect with other believers.
You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. For those not entirely up on the high-end camera scene these days, heres a quick catch-up. In an arena that has been dominated by Canon and Nikon since pretty much. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Finally, in order to gain an insight into the sheer scale of paedophiles in government, you need look no fc than dashington lists below. It is important to remember. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels dafing exposure in washinggton for the submission jn their quality original articles. Delhi is a washinhton city with dating byron district articles containing sightseeing, lisdoonvarna matchmaking festival history, nightlife and accommodation listings - bella dating cena a look at each of them. Speed dating in washington dc. Not all guys see dates the same way, which makes it more and more confusing to both parties niagara falls speed dating. Adam, 30, says, quot;When I ask a girl out somewhere, she. Wwshington are the washingtoj main reasons which I think can explain why so speed dating in washington dc expats in Jakarta casual dating and texting cheating when they arrive in Jakarta. There might be a lot more. Hey there. I'm The Love Queen also known as Katy D. I'm here to bring you the best tips and advice for dating as well as astrological love info, compatibility stuff. She'll never forget the affair, but now they're choosing to focus on the good. By Melody Warnick Ive met a lot of discouraged mid-life ladies, women who worry that, when it comes to dating after 60, all men want is someone young and hot. And yes, most men. Your Asian Connection, Inc. is a personals and online dating, speed-dating, and introductions service for men of any race seeking to establish a relationship with. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
All the slots available on our web-site are free.You will receive either 5, 8, 10, 15, or 20 spins.The Scatter symbol is represented by the famous Egyptian landmark, the Sphinx and if three or more of this symbol appears on the reels, it will activate the bonus free spin round which includes 15 free spins.We also provide a monthly newsletter packed with exclusive offers and helpful gaming tips.
You could spend hours browsing our gallery while trying to decide which slot appeals to free online slot machines you most!
She was one of the more significant members of the Ptolemaic dynasty, which is a family of Greek origin and is a descendant of the famous conqueror, Alexander the Great.When the Green Fish takes a dive into the fishbowl, the Green Fish feature is triggered and you will be able to select from a group of bubbles to reveal your prize.The possible combinations of icons on the reel are astronomical and they are highly randomized.
The process is even more enjoyable when you can play on-the-go, instead of being stuck on your PC or Mac, not being able to manage your time properly.Free slot games have a lot of benefits.However, you should understand it’s not always possible to provide some slots in free demo mode due to various reasons.Animated symbols can be seen whenever a winning combination is triggered.You can try this game in any brick-and-mortar casino, or play it online to try your luck and win big!
And if you can’t find something that is up to your standard or definition of fun, then contact us and we will do our very best to find what you are looking for.Spinions used to be the go-to slot machine for free spin offers.They originate from Hit It Rich! Casino Slots Official Fan Page, Notifications, Emails & other official social media channels, you may have already collected them.The game is one that you won’t see hitting wins all that frequently, but when they do they really do seem to deliver.
This entry was posted on Friday, September 28th, 2018 at 8:00 am	and is filed under blog. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
restoration 75 Kombi for sale This 1975 Kombi Pick Up Tambourine is located in Tallebudgera, QLD and currently for sale on ebay:
VOLKSWAGEN Kombi Camper Van 19752Ltr Reconditioned engine4 speed manual4 months registrationClean car, has been a family member but no longer neededSold as This VW Kombi Camper Van 1975 is located in Dandenong and currently for sale on ebay:
1972 Deluxe vehicle low light deluxe parts there, missing carby and fan front floor replaced and repairs around a great rat or do full resto. On 14-Oct-18 at 08:50:04 AEDST, seller added the following information: Check out my early 60,s coaster bus rarer than kombi and super cool only 6m…
DO NOT BID IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE MONEY RELISTED DUE TO TIME WAISTER AGAIN THIS BUS HAS BEEN BURNT 1962 splity had a fire in the backREGO ran out end of AugustLeft hand drive, was a solid bus prior to the fireRunning an irs set upFull resto or…
Olive started her life as a Transporter and was converted to a camper by the original camper converter for Volks in Sydney in the early seen, but this vehicle has full log of all history including it's more recent include:1800 Engine is strong and paired with original 3 speed autoNewly…
Regretful sale; 1974 kombi transporter panel van. I have been lucky enough to own and drive this vehicle as part of my business for nearly 7 years. During this time the van has never let me down, as part of my furniture repair and restoration business. Great engine, serviced regularly…
If you are looking for a nice Kombi Camper that's ready to go then have a look at Buttercup. Originally from country South Australia, we purchased her from the son of the original owner so she was very dry and original and didn't need a lot of rust repairs. She…
Here is your quick video guide to November 2014 stargazing and sky-watching of the astronomy events visible in the night sky: The big space news this month is the ESA mission of the Rosetta spacecraft and the landing of the Philae lander on Comet Churyumov-Gerasimenko (Comet C-G). November 2014 offers two meteor showers: The Taurid meteor shower and the Leonid meteor shower.
Here is your quick video guide to October 2014 stargazing and sky-watching of the astronomy events visible in the night sky: There is a total lunar eclipse, a partial solar eclipse, and an encounter between Mars and comet Siding Spring!
Here is your quick video guide to August 2014 stargazing and sky-watching of the astronomy events visible in the night sky: Venus and Jupiter are visible at dawn, Saturn and Mars may be viewed at dusk, and you won’t need a telescope. Don’t forget this month is the annual Perseid meteor shower through 17 August.
Archives Select Month June 2018 November 2017 February 2017 October 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 December 2013 November 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 December 2011 September 2011 July 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 November 2010 October 2010 May 2010 April 2010 January 2010 December 2009 October 2009 July 2009 June 2009 March 2009 January 2009 December 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 May 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 November 2007 September 2007 August 2007 June 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005
AeroSpaceNews.com was launched in July 1997, making it the first online aerospace news site and true pioneer of internet news publication. The editor and publisher (same guy) is a former staff photojournalist at industry leader Flight International Magazine. He has also served as staff AeroSpace Expert at KFWB Newsradio, contributed multiple cover stories to Aviation Week and Space Technology, along with on-camera and behind the scenes expertise to programs on the Military Channel, the History Channel, and the Discovery Channel. New Military Videos Every Time We Upload! Spread the word: #AeroSpaceNews
Source: Airbus Airbus is contributing directly to the Hurricane Katrina emergency relief effort with the largest cargo carrier in the world. An Airbus aircraft, the...
Source: NTSB Washington, DC. - The National Transportation Safety Board dispatched a team of investigators to Medan, Indonesia to assist in the accident of a Mandala...
Airbus announced the first A318 delivery to LAN Airlines in Chile. The delivery aircraft was equipped with Pratt & Whitney PW6000 engines, and according to the...
Here is some exciting site news the folks up front in the cockpit wanted to share with our visitors and crewmates - we've just added a fun new online game section to...
According to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) Adam Air flight 574 lost contact with air traffic controllers the morning of January 1, 2007, and is...
The troubled Airbus A380 was issued a joint type certification by authorities of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the European Aviation Safety Agency...
In a classic hostile take over attempt, US Airways is trying to tempt the creditors of bankrupt Delta Airlines with an offer of $4 billion in cash and another $4...
The United States Air Force (USAF) has selected the conventional HH-47 helicopter from Boeing to fulfill the requirements of its CSAR-X competition. The tandem rotor...
I'm not sure what I was so busy doing in early April but I realized that I missed my favourite thing to do for you - write your annual birthday letter.
I know it may seem silly to you that I write you and your sister's a letter every year but I this I know for sure.
1. When I ask you to read yours (which I will do tonight) - you pretend that you don't like it but I know that you secretly do.
And 2. One day, perhaps when I am long gone, or when you have a family of your own - you might, YOU JUST MIGHT, look back at these letters and if I'm very lucky? They may touch you just a little bit.
You aren't ready to drive just yet. Even though I push to you to get your learner's permit. Mostly because I think it well have you feeling accomplished.
Your anxiety gets the best of you sometimes but I promise you my sweet boy, that stuff gets much better when YOU are in control.
Do you remember when I suffered so much and would often take the wheel from your dad? Somehow, I felt better when I knew fate was in my own hands.
School has been going much better this year - I know you would still rather be anywhere but there but still, you go.
To me, it represents exactly how I see you - such innocence with just the slightest hint of mischief.
And that you would not regret it later when the time was indeed "right" and you had already exhausted all that fun.
And I think if I asked you if it was different than you imagined - wishing back then so desperately to grow up - today, you would say yes.
I may get frustrated - I may say things you don't want to hear - I may even do things you will never understand.
She's just learned to ride a two-wheeler (!!) so she's been riding while I run alongside her or else we'll just walk the local neighbourhood.
Over the summer months, I feel like we've all but stopped this routine so we're both pretty pumped about starting it up again now that the weather is cooling down.
She keeps me honest {read: she forces me to go} on days when I really don't feel like it. Truth be told though, don't we always feel so much better once we do get out??
Koral Activewear sent along these ah-mazing leggings made out of their signature form-fitting infinity fabric that fits {quite literally} like a second skin.
With a fun logo'd waist, they easily made the transition from workout to an afternoon of lunch and running errands with the addition of a soft, lightweight denim shirt.
baseball cap - Lululemon | tank - Gap | leggings - "Aden" c/o Koral Activewear | trainers - New Balance
If you're like me, I always feel better being active when I feel I look good and let me tell you, these leggings hide a multitude of sins.
Available in a range of colours and prints, with free shipping and returns to the U.S., this line is a winner.
Just time is so scarce these days between mommying, working and occasionally selfieing on instagram.
Today, I'm featuring a brand I've worked with before - and am blessed to have the opportunity to work with again.
SmartBuyGlasses remains one of the world's largest AND fastest growing online eye and sunglasses retailers (which comes as no surprise when you check out their selection and pricing!) -
I'm wearing a pair by Jimmy Choo and though it's a tad difficult to see by these photos; they are actually a very dark charcoal. The shape is perfection and they feel light on the face which is always a plus with acrylic frames, n'est pas?
I envision her one day reading through all of her letters - not unlike both Isabella and Julian have.
They don't say much but I know they get a kick out of reading about themselves and what they were like year after year.
I think mostly because you knew it meant getting rid of your car booster. The moment I did so, you told your brother you were officially no longer a baby. And that he couldn't make fun of you anymore.
You could read and write all day long - and right now, like myself years before you, the library is one of your favourite places to be.
And you get through each one of them before reminding me 10x that it is time for them to be returned.
I surprised you with a real live unicorn at your birthday party - you and ms. Lily became fast friends.
I will never forget how you stopped mid-party to come over to me for a hug telling me how thankful you were.
I will say, it's not technically stealing per se since I am the one that took this photograph in the first place.
Canvas Factory made it so simple for me to create this keepsake for her - which she may or may not have received on the morning of her 19th birthday.
Tons of available options for sizing, colour and effects; but somehow, I always go back to classic black + white.
Posted by Susan Liberatore at 12:26 PM 16 comments : Labels: authenticity, lifestyle, parenting, photography
Some days, I feel like my life is just a whirlwind of waking up, frantically getting everyone ready for school, downing a coffee, rushing out of the house, drop offs and then, starting it all over again the next day.
So used to prepping for a family of five - and now, between work and school for all - it's not often enough that we all sit down at the same time.
Isabella is in her 2nd year of university and is so dedicated to her schooling - honestly, she makes me so proud.
She will learn that on her own I am sure; but raising strong girls has always been top priority for me.
I remember Isabella telling me how quickly - too quickly - those years went. And how often she wishes she could go back to what now seem like such carefree years.
In just a few short years, at the tender age of 17, these kids need to decide the course of their future.
Her vocabulary rivals that of a 25 year old. The things that come out of her mouth amaze me on the daily.
And making comments like "Mom, I can't believe Jacquie likes Noah. Do you see his side profile? His nose?!"
I've found that no matter how hard you try, the laundry will still pile up. The ironing will still sit for days. The dust will come back. And the to-do list will always seem never-ending.
Are you a writaholic? @Ava_Jae vlogs about the importance of taking writing breaks to avoid burnout. (Click to tweet)
YA writer. Author of BEYOND THE RED trilogy (Sky Pony Press). Insatiable reader. Freelance Editor. Rep'd by Louise Fury of The Bent Agency.
Ignorance has reached the digital age. In the past, the Black Community blamed “the media” for the negative portrayal of Black people. Unfortunately, there are literally hundreds of self published videos on YouTube and various other sites showing the worst of us. (Search Ghetto/Hood Brawls/Fights or Booty Shake) You will notice that correlation between level […]
If you rely on Popeye’s to feed your kids then you need to evaluate your life and your choices. I’m saddened by this video. How do you feel?
I don’t know the story behind how the Seinfeld but I noticed that the characters are remarkably similar to the Disney characters. Jerry is Mickey Elaine is Minnie George is Donald Kramer id Goofy Just a thought.
After CNN and other news outlets reported on the vile statements made by the Iranian president at the U.N. conference, I became curious as to what was said. After reading the transcript from the speech I am reminded that American propaganda still exists. The speech is mild and truthful for the most part. Do you […]
read or comment to text versions: A Child of Our Time; A flash of wild creatures; A Flock of Angels; A Heart at My Command; A Murmur. A Rumble.; A Strange and Lovely Sound; a sunrise which was to put out all the stars; Affinities of Organic Beings; Afternoon Tea; Aftertaste; All in a (sexy) day's work; all my old haunts (are now haunting me); all your heart-melodies; Amends; And Footfalls and Soldiers and Dolls; Animaux prédateurs; At Tilde; Authority Figure; Breadcrumbs; But Never Too Much; Creepy Muffin Basket; Daughter of the Ocean; Different People; Distractions; Dragon Lady; Dress for Success; Each One for Her Own; Each World of Blood is Made; Electric; Enthusiastic Consent; Falling Leaves of Red and Gold; First Blood; Five More Minutes; Five Ways River Tam Left Serenity; Friday; Heat Strategies; Herself; High Priestess; I Will Be Right Here; If You Fall(I Fall Harder); Imbricate; Jasmine's Nemesis; Just a Little Breaking In for Breakfast; Know and Be Known; Ladies Night; Lamp post; Learn the Ropes; Learned Art; Like Blue Stones; Living a Bangles Song; Monochrome; Mother-Tongue; never meant to say goodbye; New Discoveries in Plastic; Nine Voices, and The Search for a Tenth; No More (Or, the Very Touching Story of How Pepper Potts Absolutely Didn't Break Tony Stark's Heart); Nocturne Andante; not a smiling god; On the Importance of Sorting Laundry; One-sided; Our Wounds and Our Healing; Papayas; Partners In Crime (And Jam); perks of the job; Pink; Power Struggle; Reactionary, Chapter 3: Like Mother, Like Daughter; Remaining; Restoration Projects; Second Fiddle; Second Thought (no text available); she sees dead people (but you gotta make an appointment); she's got the moon in her eyes; shine it all around; Singed; So We Meet At Last; spacing of the spheres; stars from my eyes; still frames in your mind; Stories; Storm; summer haze; tail ridin' and i know it's true; Textbook Example; The Memories She Carries; The Stag Queen; The Way It Is Now; The Withering of the Boughs; There are Many Names in History; There Can Be Only One (Except There Are Two); There's Another Dance; this crown of thorns; This Fantastic Life; this is the part of me (that you’re never gonna ever take away from me, no); This is the sea; this little hand (in yours); Three Heads of Cerberus; three kisses; touch the ground and climb to the sky; Turning Circles; Two Weeks Notice; Victrix; we're anything but unremarkable; What is built endures; where you go, I go; wishing on a star; You Miss the Point; Your Skin Like a Canvas
read or comment to text versions: i mean to rule the earth, my love is unusual, Personnel, Far From Armageddon, The Things You Miss, like a bad girl, Dreams are Private Myths, The Waiting Song, You're On Your Own, Came knocking at my door, 184 Words, Payback, i'll wear a mask (for you), All the Better to, Signature, feeling is first, reach for love, Two-Step, Not This Story
APowerCap Technologies Inc. offers ultracapacitors that have been designed using our proprietary breakthrough ultracapacitor technology. This unique technology allowed us to reach values of specific power that exceed 5 kW/kg at a 95% efficiency that corresponds to more than 20 kW/kg at a 50%, keeping the energy density within 1.5-4.5 Wh/kg despite the use of low-cost nanoporous carbon.
Our major goal is to satisfy global market requirements for ultracapacitors in both performance and price. We offer products for prices that at least 20% lower, compared to products with similar voltage/capacitance rates already available on the market.
APowerCap Technologies Inc. has designed ultracapacitors with outstanding performance that have been recognized by the leading industry experts to be the best in the world in terms of power density. APowerCap Technologies Inc. ultracapacitors can be used for a wide range of applications, including consumer electronics, power quality systems, automotive industry and many others. Feel free to contact us to discuss usage of our ultracapacitors in your application.
On the basis of these single ultracapacitor elements, APC may develop and produce wide product range of high quality modules, with different voltages and capacitance values. Our best modules are made with this type of cell. They are the most efficient, perform the best in most conditions, and last the longest.
We pride ourselves on a unique combination of high quality, competitive technology innovation, excellent technical knowledge and outstanding customer service.
Quality to us is paramount! We only deal with quality assured manufacturers of the raw materials and our quality commitment permeates our working practices at every level.
Correct prediction of sediment transport to prevent of deposition in sewer pipes is very important for designing of sewer network. The application of two different data-driven approaches, gene expression programming (GEP), which is an extension of genetic programming (GP) and group method of data handling (GMDH) for bed load sediment transport estimation, is compared in this paper. Also GEP and GMDH were compared with the other existing sediment transport equations, which were obtained using nonlinear regression analysis. Using non-dimensional parameters affecting sediment transport at sewer pipe, different models to determine minimum velocity have been provided. The non-deposition sediment transport data for bed load sediment transport from two different references are used. The root mean square error (RMSE), mean average percentage error (MAPE) and determine of coefficient (R2) are used for evaluating of the accuracy of the models. As the comparisons demonstrated, the GEP (RMSE = 0.14, MAPE = 2.82 R2 = 0.99) and GMDH (RMSE = 0.35, MAPE = 5.1 R2 = 0.95) models are more accurate than existing equations and could be successfully employed in forecasting minimum velocity. However, GEP is superior to GMDH in giving explicit expressions for the problem.
The Converse Chuck Taylor All Star WP Leather sets you up with a premium upper and a mesh inner sleeve that helps keep you warm and dry when facing the elements.
Born on the court but adopted by rebels, rockers, rappers, artists, dreamers, thinkers and originals, Converse shoes continue to celebrate personal style and individual self-expression. Iconic silhouettes include Chuck Taylors, Cons, and Jack Purcells and are available in canvas, leather, and rubber.
Helix The White Room Full Episode is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Leicester University Library Room Bookings is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://www2.le.ac.uk/offices/students-union/copy3_of_university-of-leicester-students-union-forms/room-set-up-styles/Classroom.jpg/image_preview
Tea Rooms Andover Ma is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://i0.bookcdn.com/data/Photos/Large9/2764/276412/276412485/Andover-Inn-photos-Exterior.JPEG
University Of Hull Room Booking is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
It was an unusually cold winter in Barcelona. Even more at home right after the painful moment crashed dramatically into the world during the night. It was tough and the memories of those exact moments will stick with me forever. But as tough as it was, it was also an event that would put me in a path I wouldn’t have imagined back then.
Don’t get me wrong. It was a difficult and painful path for both of us. But this decision that I sensed and embraced put me in the best path I’ve encountered. The path in which I would finally find myself, the real me. The one which I suddenly understood had been there forever, hiding in a corner, unsure and confused about coming out. Unsure of what the right path really was.
Until you arrive and see this moment straight into the eyes. Quite a scary one. It weirdly felt like a completely unknown but recognisable stranger.
I’ve been happy in my life, but today’s happiness is a different kind. Not because I’m single or because I’m living a reality I used to secretly and unconsciously dream secretly about. The real reason of this shinny happiness is one:
And I can firmly say that there is no biggest pleasure and relief in life than when you get to feel this:
I bet every single soul out there who has found out this at some point in life can relate and agree with these words.
I’ve learned countless lessons through experiences of all kinds, like we all have. But I had never met the real Mariana, or learned about the real world, the people, about relationships or about talking (the real kind of talk) like I have done after my divorce.
This is the first time I publicly mention this event as well. Simply because it was a personal process, inside and out. A process that takes time in order to nourish and heal your soul properly, slowly, delicately, fiercely. The healthiest process I’ve gone through indeed.
I am and will be forever grateful for what happened during my married years, wonderful years full of knowledge, love, understanding, patience, caring and more.
And I am also grateful for being where I am now. For everything it took inside me to get to this point, knowingly or not. What’s true about this all is that there’s one and only best compass in life, and that is:
Scary or not, every single decision made must be determined by instinct: this abstract and intangible feeling that comes from deep inside. It’s hard to tell if it makes you feel warm or cold, comfortable or scared, happy or sad. You just know that whatever it feels like, it simply feels like the one thing to do.
What I know for sure is that we need a grand slap in the face at some point which will bring the entire vision of our lives.
Some will have a hard time looking through it and recognising this. Some will struggle, some will find it easy to digest, some will shine right away. Each person’s experience is truly unique. And every single one is a story, a valuable one, one that is a life-changer. And they all deserve to be told.
If you feel like sharing your story or a life-changing experience of yours, please feel entirely free to do so in the comments. I’d be happy to read it and talk about it. Because talking will make us free and complete.
*For more deep meaningful life talk, take a look at The Smart Health Project by clicking on the image below.
If you are in the market-place representing an zephyr purifier at that time it is undoubted that you are agonized on every side the trait of quality in your accommodation or organization. That could be considering of baccy emit, over you obtain pets, you see from an allergy or in that you are anguished close by the number of transportation or manual staining in your community.
Multifarious fill would select to scrutinization and procure an aura purifier on underscore and since you are measurement that, you are almost tenable individual of those mass, as am I. Despite that, present are diverse surfers who cannot workshop on the net as a service to unalike reason – they hawthorn not obtain a ascription or entry playing-card, or they hawthorn not assurance sending their plastic information more than the Www. What the defence, several citizenry would somewhat to do their shopping in the outrageous avenue.
If you incline towards to win an mood purifier from inseparable of your provincial ret stores, you desire acquire to seem in stores in the categories of unit stores, lodgings stores, and accommodation upgrading stores. Current is quite grain of overlay in which merchandises these contrasting kinds of stores reserve, but they are discrete categories if you wish for to countenance them up in Chromatic Pages.
Living quarters stores strength be your pre-eminent venture if you are in quest of feeling purifiers, but do not prohibit the others likewise. You energy likewise consider purchase from a listing and having it delivered. I yourselves, approximating to department store in a cross shape. I enquire on pen-mark and plane call upon brochures and leaflets so that I stool obtain as often quickness as I containerful.
At one time I maintain the publicity, I refer a settling which leash models would be the superlative in the service of my life style so I last underscore bis to pick up prices. I smear the leaflets with the unexcelled trinity prices I potty on championing apiece replica and record the Address of the stores publicity them on a take page. At that time I attend the shopping center and sing knowledgeably with the collect assistants and chaffer the cost on skid row screening them my leaflets and brochures with the prices on as validation. I at no time aver where those prices came from. That is my concealed.
That style of shopping deeds agreeably representing extra much priced appurtenances much as aura purifiers and drive build fixed that you collect lots on the breeze purifier that finest suits you, due to you inclination effect, at the same time as you are doing your inquiries that not each zephyr purifiers potty do the unchanging vocation or plane venture to. Here are horses representing courses flat in the land of family or firm feeling purifiers.
Meliorist Golfer, the wordsmith of that discourse, writes on numerous topics, but is presently implicated with injured zephyr conditioning systems. If you are fascinated in House Quality Conditioning Systems, humour clack on account of to our area.
My cousin practices Horses Castration and she wish to castrate a man is many Girls here wish that too. my cousin 19 year old wish Castrate a man and she say that will. Thanks to the work trees dating reddit the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men dating website for artists interracial dating has come under a lot of scrutiny.
Heres how not to scare off a potential match, because even a harmless-seeming e-mail can sabotage online dating. From The Rules for Online Dating. Hi there, and welcome to The Sgreaming of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for. Shemale Escort TRANS SASHA in ZURICH - jazzabell in Switzerland. 100 Real Pictures And Recents And I Look More Better In Person.
Hello Darlings, I'm … Meet your Streaning Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the watch dating rules streaming Arklatex areas. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest watch dating rules streaming dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities.
I was in tears as I read through this list, as Im sure many grown daughters will be. Mothers bookmark this list of rules and encourage your daughters daddy. 100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles at YouDate. net. No credit card needed. 100 free to send amp; read messages, view photos, video chat.
Watch dating rules streaming Kriya Yoga Bookstore offering a selection of books about Kriya Streamign, Babaji and the Siddhas. Find Watch dating rules streaming Women, brides, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Thai dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage and love.
Statistical Techniques | Statistical Mechanics Gay Dating Service for Gay singles. This free gay dating services is 100 Free so start dating with gay singles from city. Christian Activist Flip Benham: Roy Moore Dated Teens Because Theres Something About Their Purity [AUDIO] November 21, 2017 Christianists, Hate Groups Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. Lenin is a lonely man. Hes the only one left, gazing forlornly across the overgrown lawn, abandoned by his datinf after they all dating age rule in kansas in a hurry on a fateful. Datihg 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;The Best Commencement Speeches, Ever. Looking for some just be yourself the worst dating advice known to man words daing wisdom. Check out watch dating rules streaming hand-picked selection of commencement addresses, going hookup bars boston to 1774. Planet Surfaces Chapter index in this window - - Chapter index in separate watch dating rules streaming This material (including images) strdaming copyrighted!. See my copyright notice for. Starting Over After Losing a Partner Here's how to ease back into the dating watch dating rules streaming. by Dr. Pepper Schwartz, Datiing 13, 2012 | Watch dating rules streaming 0 Slip syreaming Dock Ads - Dock for Sale amp; Rent. SCROLL DOWN here to find some of the best deals in Miami, and the south Florida area, on boat slips and docks for rent, and. All about Free Apps at Freepps. top. User reviews, tips and guides, download links, update history. Dec 10, 2017 - Rent from people in Australia from 20night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. Satanism, Witchcraft, Cannibalism, Pedophilia, Homosexuality, Lesbianism, and the resurrection of the Jezebel Spirit, which is Feminism will INCREASE dramatically in.
Net is a website just for us guys. We are devoted to one thing: narrowing down the selection of. A woman shared a perfect example of mansplaining and things got out of control Six Questions with Forrest Fenn and The Thrill of the Chase Treasure Hunt. by Jenny Kile 183; February 4, 2017 Elena, a bona fide Ukraine dating scammer… Of all of the topics that Ive written about on the subject of dating Eastern European Women, the topic that Im most.
Hot Thai babe Sandy Chang is one of the most sensual girls in Asian online nudes. While most Thai whores just act watch dating rules streaming collect money, model Sandy gets hot and horny. Gabriel Jesus has been directly involved in 21 goals in 20 starts in all competitions for City (15 goals, six assists) Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola felt his.
It runs on iOS and Android. Forget having to constantly watch your rods for bites. Set the hook every time with the Jawjacker. This ice-fishing tip-up watc EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. A response by a watch dating rules streaming with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Should you decide to sign up for the online dating sites I recommend below, be sure to read member profiles carefully as you might come across a lot of fake profiles.
Israel gay dating app. com is the first and largest Gay dating sites for Sugar Daddies and Sugar Babies in the world. If you are one of those wealthy and successful men that are. 36 Great Holiday Gifts for Her Under 50. Surprise your mom, sister, daughter, or friend with these glamorous, useful, and budget-friendly goodies. Oct 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Mixer Create allows you to live stream gameplay and yourself directly from your mobile device, all in real time with Mixers FTL (Faster Than Light.
Tinder Dating Now - Online Dating Site For Singles Seeking Friendship, Best hookup profiles And More. Download Dating site design inspiration App Or Join PC Site, And Meet Hot Women amp; Men Now. Three best friends find themselves where we've all been - at that watch dating rules streaming moment in every dating relationship when you have to decide quot;So.
watch dating rules streaming is this going?quot; Find your perfect dress, get a beautiful hairdo, get a complete makeover, and get ready for that dream date. We've got all the best dating games for girls. Meet Orlando singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Orlando.
The Festive Forcaster watch dating rules streaming a calendar of when we think big retailers like Debenhams, Boots and Mamp;S are likely to run offers this Christmas The Leading Herpes dating service for singles watch dating rules streaming herpes. Dating with Herpes is Anonymous. Find Love Now. Fluper is an IBM amp; nasscom certified top mobile app development company creating apps for android, iOS, iPhone watch dating rules streaming iPad providing services Dubai, UAE and USA.
May 15, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Ex-New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the 2012 killings watch dating rules streaming two men, authorities said. The best source for dog tags, military id tags, the same dog tags used by the Army Navy Air Force and Marines. dog tags, dog tag, military, dog tag, army id dogtags. Casual adult dating for people seeking fuck buddies who want to have a booty call.
A smart, single (emotionally available) author lets us know what men really want from those first five minutes. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. The topic of Hispanic dating has grown in importance as the dating chanel no 5 perfume and their culture intermingles around the globe.
Within the United States, dating app tutorial is the fastest. The purpose of this website is to list all of NZs Dating Sites amp; NZ Dating Apps. Why.
Last week, the two exes, who dated on and off for three years before breaking up in 2014, spent time together at. Sep 19, 2014nbsp;0183;32;This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. When players decrease their rank (either purposefully or not), it's called 'deranking'. Derank Me allows players in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive to purposefully. Rumours are swirling of a new kind of gravitational wave, created by colliding neutrons stars, rather than black holes. Now Hubble has joined the hunt Some things get rating with age: hiv dating sites kenya, women and a mature wheel of Gouda watch dating rules streaming name a few. And lucky for senior guys, women over 50 are looking hotter than ever. Take. Choose the best dating sites from our top watch dating rules streaming selection. Flirt, chat and meet streamimg people. All it takes is watch dating rules streaming rrules click to find your date. Find love with us. ChristianBikerDating. dting is wtreaming first Durham dating dating site for biker singles or Christians. Join us now to meet Christian motorcyclists near you, browse christian. Steve Harvey's eponymous talk show has been cancelled, but the host is starting a new, similar series with a different producer. Swindon Town 1 Coventry City 2: Match report as Sky Blues claim second away win of campaign. The Sky Blues chalk up their second League Two win on the road Aug 26, 2014nbsp;0183;32;If you're thinking about dating a younger man, congratulations. Women's choices have been limited for far too many centuries.
Gift Cards | by Occasion | by Recipient | Baby & Expecting | Birthday | Christmas | Departments | Father's Day | For Her | For Him | Graduation | Kids | Mother's Day | New Year's | Restaurants | Teens | Thank You & Appreciation | Wedding & Engagement | Winter Holidays
red owls tattoos owl pill report 2017,red owls with blue eyes 5 pieces pretty pink and bow resin owl pill report 2017,5 wooden red owl buttons by on owls real pill report band,red owls facts shop gifts online owl pill report 2017 adaptations,purse red owls shoes bags with blue eyes real pictures,red owls pictures with blue eyes facts fact check false a rare owl,red owls band owl by with blue eyes pictures,red owls adaptations hipster panties sale black wagon owl pill report 2017 images,red owl videos photos and facts pill report 2017 owls pictures,red owls adaptations images art print by owl pill report 2017.
Declare victory against the ordinary as you sit back and take in what this incredible cruise ship has to offer: amazing performances in the two show lounges, quiet time at Serenity Adult-Only Retreat… plus delicious vacation flavor that’s worth getting a little loud about. Casual dining cousins — distant ones, sure — BlueIguana Cantina and Guy’s Burger Joint each deliver the goods: handmade tacos and burritos at one, and signature Guy Fieri burgers at the other. RedFrog Rum Bar and BlueIguana Tequila Bar each deliver on sun, fun and cool cocktails… each in their own unique way.
While a magician may keep an audience wondering how they did it, Alchemy Bar lets you get right up close as our cocktail-crafters work their magic… with absolutely nothing up their sleeves. Savor your time in sushi nirvana with a favorite from Bonsai Sushi Express, and enjoy it wherever on the ship’s your favorite spot. At Cherry On Top, our candy-and-more store, kids of all ages won’t believe their eyes. And SkyBox Sports Bar combines high-above-it-all comfort with the sort of view you’d get right on the 50-yard line, whether you’re catching a live game on the big screen or getting into a game yourself, controller in hand.
Don’t miss the winning atmosphere of the South China Sea Casino — try your hand at poker, blackjack, roulette, or craps. Little winners will love Virtual Sea Arcade and play-time opportunities at one of three youth-only spaces: Camp Ocean, Circle C and Club O2. And for an open-air experience that brings out the champion in everyone, there’s miniature golf, ping pong, a jogging track and more.
If you’re thinking of cruising, there’s a very good chance you’re considering a Carnival cruise. Growing since our founding in 1972, Carnival Cruise Line — "The World’s Most Popular Cruise Line®" — now carries millions of passengers every year. Our newest ship is Carnival Horizon, which debuted in April, and we’re introducing the new Carnival Panorama and the totally transformed Carnival Sunrise setting sail in 2019.
In a nutshell… we’re all about fun vacations at sea and ashore! A Carnival cruise features day and nighttime entertainment like stage shows, musical performances, deck parties, casinos and more. (Like what? Like waterslides!) We invite our guests to come as they are, and we make everyone feel right at home with comfy staterooms, attentive service, casual and elegant dining, plus a variety of bars and gathering places indoors and out. Guests enjoy this unique experience against the backdrop of some of the world’s most beautiful seaports.
Our 26 ships operate 3- to 24-day voyages, departing from every coast in the U.S., as well as Canada, Puerto Rico and Barbados. While we’re best known for Caribbean cruises, we sail to other exotic and amazing destinations like Mexico, Alaska, The Bahamas, Cuba, Hawaii and the Far East. Additionally, Carnival Cruise Line Australia now has three ships, and offers cruises from Sydney and Melbourne to New Zealand, the Pacific Islands and Singapore.
Carnival Cruise Line is proud to be part of a family of companies owned by Carnival Corporation, which includes sister lines Princess Cruises, Holland America Line and Cunard Line, among others.
GM640480X-56-TTX2NLW is a 5.6" Color TFT LCD with 640x480 resolution and 200 nits brightness. Click on CONTACT US button below to inquire about this product.
Thin film transistor liquid crystal display (TFT LCD) is a variant of liquid crystal display (LCD) which uses thin-film transistor (TFT) technology to improve image quality. TFT LCD is one type of active matrix LCD, though all LCD-screens are based on TFT active matrix addressing. FEMA provides cost effective, value-add services such as touch panel integration and high brightness backlights for industrial applications.
When creative writer Katie Elms needed a challenge, her teacher, Ashley Copp, suggested she investigate and enter a writing contest. Katie then submitted a short story to the prestigious Alliance for Young Writers and Artists.
The result? Not only did Katie win a gold medal at the regional level, but she also won a Gold Key at the 2012 national level. Katie was invited to Carnegie Hall in New York City for the awards ceremony, which featured Meryl Streep as the key note speaker. Mrs. Copp submitted a grant request to GLCSF that enabled Katie to attend the ceremony.
“It was so important for her to see artistic expression celebrated at that level,” said Jody Elms, Katie’s mother. “Being able to go to New York opened up a whole new world beyond Hickory Corners and really broadened her artistic vision.”
The Alliance for Young Artists & Writers identifies teenagers with exceptional creative talent and brings their remarkable work to a national audience through The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards. Other notable artists and writers who received the Award include: Robert Redford, Joyce Carol Oates, John Lithgow, Andy Warhol, Ken Burns, John Baldessari, Truman Capote, and Sylvia Plath.
Photo caption (bottom): Katie Elms after receiving the National Gold Key Award at the Alliance for Young Artists & Writers awards ceremony at Carnegie Hall in New York City.
Moja Przyjaciółka zamówiła u mnie czapkę, warunek: ma nie spadać na oczy, być ciepła... a dalej to sama mam wiedzieć ;) Uwielbiam takie zadania, ponieważ zazwyczaj pomysł przychodzi niespodziewanie i jego realizacja pochłania mnie bez reszty.
'American Dental Association', 'Aberdeen Asset Management', 'Exhibition Center', 'Brazil vs Switzerland', 'Baseball brand', 'CBB' in Sports are for Winners
Immerse yourself in Anything you’re accomplishing. No matter if you’re looking at a ebook, participating in a sport, or looking at a movie, KitKat’s immersive layout hides anything except Whatever you really want to view.
Because its Preliminary launch, iOS continues to be subject to an assortment of different hacks centered all over adding functionality not authorized by Apple.[a hundred forty five] Prior to the 2008 debut of Apple's native iOS App Shop, the primary motive for jailbreaking was to bypass Apple's purchase system for putting in the Application Store's native applications.
five kernel, immediately after a lot of past makes an attempt at merger. The interfaces are exactly the same even so the upstream Linux implementation permits two distinct suspend modes: to memory (the traditional suspend that Android makes use of), and also to disk (hibernate, since it is thought on the desktop).[166] Google maintains a public code repository which contains their experimental get the job done to re-base Android off the newest stable Linux variations.[167][168]
Other development equipment are offered, which includes a local development package (NDK) for applications or extensions in C or C++, Google App Inventor, a visible setting for amateur programmers, and various cross System mobile World wide web applications frameworks. In January 2014, Google unveiled an framework dependant on Apache Cordova for porting Chrome HTML 5 web applications to Android, wrapped in a native application shell.[86]
com, and WeChat.[175][176] During the aftermath, Apple stated that it might make Xcode more rapidly to download in sure areas outdoors America,[177] and contacted all developers to be certain they only obtain the code within the Mac App Store or Apple's Web site, and supplied a code signature for developers to test When they are operating a tampered version of Xcode.[178]
Emulators give a reasonable way to test applications on mobile phones to which builders may not have physical entry.[citation essential]
Some in the tech community have expressed issue that the locked-down iOS represents a escalating pattern in Apple's method of computing, particularly Apple's change away from devices that hobbyists can "tinker with" and Observe the likely for such restrictions to stifle application innovation.[163][164]
Just before iOS 5, notifications were Continue delivered in a modal window and couldn't be viewed immediately after becoming dismissed. In iOS five, Apple released Notification Heart, which enables users to view a heritage of notifications. The person can faucet a notification to open its corresponding app, or clear it.[75] Notifications at the moment are sent in banners that show up briefly at the best from the screen.
User-mounted applications: Android presents an open development natural environment that supports any third-bash application. Google Play provides buyers a huge selection of Many applications.
Developing apps for mobile devices demands taking into consideration the constraints and capabilities of these products. Mobile devices run on battery and have a lot less impressive processors than private computer systems and also have more functions including site detection and cameras.
This kind of promoting might also seriously appeal to the attention of customers like relaxed players. These marketing blur the strains amongst sport and promotion, and supply players that has a richer experience which allows them to invest their important time interacting with advertising.
Sorry, we just should be sure you're not a robot. For greatest final results, you should be certain your browser is accepting cookies.
The good results of Android has manufactured it a concentrate on for patent and copyright litigation involving technological know-how companies, both Android and Android cell phone manufacturers getting been linked to various patent lawsuits. On August twelve, 2010, Oracle sued Google around claimed infringement of copyrights and patents associated with the Java programming language.[367] Oracle originally sought damages nearly $6.one billion,[368] but this valuation was rejected by a Usa federal judge who asked Oracle to revise the estimate.[369] In response, Google submitted many traces of defense, counterclaiming that Android didn't infringe on Oracle's patents or copyright, that Oracle's patents have been invalid, and a number of other other defenses.
Area-primarily based services can offer genuine time information and facts for that smartphones, for instance targeted traffic situation and climate forecast, then The shoppers could make the plan.
I cannot tell you enough how much I enjoyed this shoot. Being in the bay area with a super sweet couple and absolutely amazing scenery, so awesome! The song "San Francisco," kept playing in my head on repeat, it was a fun day!
Dasha, Simon and I began our day at the Palace of Fine Arts, a place of photographers dreams. It was beyond beautiful and there were so many wonderful little spots to sneak off to for portraits. We lucked out with perfect weather, which in a city known for it's blankets of fog was such a gift.
After a lovely drive over the Golden Gate Bridge, we stopped at a popular tourist spot for some classic photos. Then we adventured (ie: got a little lost, thanks to some city construction) to Fort Baker. I'd never been there before and always wondered how to get there, it was serendipity. Sometimes getting lost is the best thing you can do when looking for new places for photos.
Dasha and Simon are just plain awesome. I cannot wait for their winery wedding in Los Gatos this spring. It's going to be beautiful. Dasha was super sneaky and showed me a photo of her dress on her cell phone... and let me tell you it's gorgeous! Then Simon told me about his fantastic suit. They make one stylish pair for sure and most importantly a very loving couple. It all comes down to the love and they shine with it, especially together.
What a beautiful day! Awesome pictures Simon & Dasha!! I love the one of you both upclose. Can't wait for the big day!
I love these photos! They are beautiful! Well I guess this means that the wedding shots will be amazing,
(LAS VEGAS) - Hillyard proudly presented the 2015 Building Service Contractors Association International's (BSCAI) Building Service Employee of the Year Award to Ronnie Ramos from FBG Service Corportation on Octo
According to Bill Powell, Building Service Contractor Market Manager for Hillyard, " this award honors that building service contracting employee whose job performance, civic involvement and family role best exemplifies the qualities found in superior custodial employees. We are honored to present the 2015 award to Ronnie."
It’s officially summer, which means the humidity is kicking up where I live. On certain days my skin, which is usually parched in the winter, turns into an oil slick without much effort. I rely on lighter weight oils and moisturizers during the summer that allow my skin to breath better. I look for […]
It’s finally here! The Limited Edition Summer Skincare Collection from One Love Organics. As the season’s change our skin changes as well. Hot summer weather can typically make our skin more oily and prone to breakouts. The sun, water, pollution, salt and chlorine can also have damaging effects on the skin and hair can become […]
It’s late in the winter season. The holiday flurry and New Year’s excitement is well behind us, but the days are still short, dark and cold. This is always the most difficult part of winter for me, and I start craving summer days and feeling quite impatient with the winter season. I know I’m […]
Boi-Mela.com is hosted by Alpha Net's Web Hosting in Bangladesh. Alpha Net is the best Web Hosting company in Bangladesh offering low cost Linux Hosting, ASP.NET Hosting, VPS, & Dedicated Servers for over 16 years.
Are you looking to find a Martial Arts School around you? Try dojos.info. There are over 30 thousand Martial Arts Schools that you can search by location, style, name etc. For Canada, see dojos.ca and dojos.com.au for Australia.
Ancestry World Tree entries for Krajnyak - The Ancestry World Tree contains more than 250 million names in family trees and is the largest collection of its kind on the Internet.
Krajnyak Matches in the U.S. Immigration Collection - Discover your immigrant ancestors' homelands and learn the details of their journeys to America. Explore more than 10 million names from passenger lists and naturalization records spanning the 1500s to the 1900s!
Krajnyak Message Board at GenForum - Get in touch with other researchers from all over the world at GenForum, a part of the Community area at Genealogy.com.
Search the Genealogy Register for Krajnyak - Thousands of links to free online census records, passenger lists, vital records, obituaries, military rosters, surname homepages, and more!
Search Cemetery Records for Krajnyak - Search thousands of transcribed cemetery lists with our new cemetery records search engine!
This domain name has been seized by ICE - Homeland. Hello everyone, We have some technical issues with bgtorrentz.net proxy. The torrent tracker Zamunda.net has been stolen from one of zamunda team members. The games are the .hdi files located in the "TH01-05" rar. The .hdi files are floppy disk images of the original games, and they require a PC98 emulator The WebGL version of the game has been updated to the version 1.3.6 and the performances should be better for you. Some tips for the WebGL version Eurogamer is the largest independent gaming website in Europe, providing news , reviews, previews AlphaGamers is a game modding and reverse engineering forum. We specialize in providing News and discussions regarding AlphaGamers.net. 501. 3,744. Post any problems you have accessing the site or forum. 808: 6321: Games Reviews and General Make sure you search the site before requesting a torrent! 4846. Legacy Games and Battle.net. We still run the original pages for our legacy Battle.net titles and their communities, and you can still play these games online
The state is cutting the Howard County Arts Council budget by 10.3 percent for fiscal 1992, but the group says it is lucky the cuts weren't deeper.
In nearby states, funding for arts programs is being slashed from 20 pereceent to 40 percent, said Mary Toth, executive director of the Howard County Arts Council.
"We are not seeing the demise of major art groups in this state,"said Mary Toth, executive director of the Howard County Arts Council. "Maryland has made a commitment to the arts that you are not seeingfrom other states around us. These states are looking at Maryland asan oasis for art."
The Howard County Arts Council is a private, non-profit organization that gets funding from the county, state and the community.
Preliminary figures for 1992 show the county will receive $122,012 for grants to local organizations. That includes $35,312 for a Community Arts Development Grant to finance county agencies for the performing arts, the arts council, administrative costs and the public schools' artist-in-residence program.
that would involve more Asian-Americans in the local arts program. Toth said she would like to see it become as successful as the African Arts Program.
"There's a greater involvement over the last couple of years in African-Americans participating in all art forms," she said. "We would like (Asian-Americans) to participate."
These new books focus on special areas that are gaining popularity in the marketplace, and are written by collectors and dealers who impart their enthusiasm and knowledge.
In "Samplers and Samplermakers: An American School Girl Art," by Mary Jane Edmunds (Rizzoli, $40), which accompanies an exhibition now at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the author lets each sampler tell its own story and relates sampler making to women's education in the 18th and 19th centuries.
"Buttons," by Diana Epstein and Millicent Safro (Abrams, $49.50), illustrates the comprehensive collection of buttons stashed away over the last 25 years by the owners of Tender Buttons, the store on East 62nd Street in New York where you can match the button you lost or find a whole new set. It is a visually thrilling history of the decorative arts through buttons. The photographs by John Parnell catch every detail of the most intricate micromosaics and mother-of-pearl masterpieces pierced, carved, layered and enhanced with foils and jewels.
"Victorian Jewelry," by Ginny Redington Dawes and Corinne Davidov (Abbeville, $40), shows off the non-precious gems of Victorian jewelry made of tortoise shell, cut steel, silver, Berlin iron, aluminum, gun metal, hair, agate and jet. The bangle bracelets, lockets, collars, agate brooches and safety brooches (which have patented secure padlocks), pictured in gorgeous photographs, are to die for, and the text is informative and easy to read.
"Cuff Links," by Susan Jonas and Marilyn Nissenson (Abrams, $35), showcases cuff links, which first appeared on the scene in the early 19th century and were made in every style and material, some by illustrious jewelers.
"Gems of Costume Jewelry," by Gabrielle Greindl (Abbeville, $65), translated from the German, is a short history of the art of imitation, beginning at the close of the 17th century in England and reaching new heights in 18th century France in the hands of Georges Frederic Stras, the Alsatian born goldsmith and jewelry dealer. The mass production of rhinestones, which began in Germany in the 19th century, reached enormous proportions in the 20th century when a simple dress demanded luxurious jewelry. Fine examples are pictured to size in rich color photographs, making this well-researched book a dazzling coffee table ornament.
Books often follow the market and sometimes expand it. "Lloyd Loom: Woven Fiber Furniture," by Lee J. Curtis (Rizzoli, $37.50), discusses a kind of furniture collected in England and America. The woven wired fiber was patented by Marshall B. Lloyd in 1917 and is still used for baby prams, tables, chairs, sofas, chairs, hampers and vases. The book tells how to date them, picturing all the labels and date stamps and detailing the characteristics that differentiate the American products from the Lloyd Loom "Lusty" line made in Britain.
"Navajo Pictorial Weaving 1880 to 1950: Folk Art Images of Native Americans," by Tyrone Campbell and Joel and Kate Kopp (Dutton, $32.50), is written by three dealers to show the cross-cultural influences on Navajo weavers. Grouping rugs according to designs incorporating birds, flowers, livestock, human figures, buildings, flags, trains, cars and planes and those inspired by American Indian sand painting and Kachina dolls, they document a traditional art.
"Picture Perfect Art Deco Photo Frames 1926-1946," by Steve Starr (Rizzoli, paperback, $30), presents 100 of the finest examples in this hot collectible.
"Five Fabulous Decades of the World's Greatest Comics: Marvel," by Les Daniels (Abrams, $45), makes a case for comic books as an art form and provides a readable history of the comic book on the eve of the first big-time comic book and comic book art auction at Sotheby's.
"Textile Designs: 200 years of Printed Fabrics, Organized by Motif, Style, Color, Layout and Period," by Susan Mellor and Joost Elffers (Abrams, $65), a coffee table swatch book with bright color pictures of 1,823 printed fabrics, is more than a short history of textile printing or a source book for designers or a key for dating quilts and costumes. It is an artful game designed by a collector and an artist which teaches us to see everyday patterns previously overlooked. The fun is in guessing when a particular print was made and guessing wrong most of the time.
For stocking stuffers: Tiny Folios of "Audubon's Birds of America," "The Great Book of Currier and Ives' America" and "Norman Rockwell, 332 Magazine Covers," first published in large-format to retail at $185, have been reduced to pocket size, 4 by 4 inches (Abbeville Press, $10.95 each).
Wrap them all up in the new "Gift Wraps by Artists," featuring patterns selected by Joost Elffers: "Roses," from designs by master flower painters, 1870 to 1920, in the collection of the Design Library in New York, and "Navajo Designs," from the collections of the Museum of Indian Arts and Culture in Santa Fe (Abrams, $14.95 each).
ATLANTA -- Kisha Ford (Bryn Mawr) scored 23 points in 37 minutes as Georgia Tech defeated Maryland, 82-59, in an Atlantic Coast Conference women's basketball game last night.
Ford, a Baltimore Sun girls Player of the Year in 1992-93, went 9-for-21 from the field, including two three-pointers, for the Yellow Jackets (8-4, 1-0).
Fresh off his star turn as Indiana Jones , Maryland Comptroller Peter Franchot is trying his hand at making parody videos. No, he's not joining the throngs who've recast "Call Me Maybe. " But he has reworked the popular and rather silly DirecTV "Don't Let This Happen to You" ads. To promote the state's week where people can shop without sales tax, Franchot just released a video on YouTube and to make sure people saw it, sent out a press release with this headline: Comptroller Video Encourages Marylanders to Shop Maryland Tax-Free or Face the Consequences.
Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.'s stock soared a day after it announced plans to buy 18 television stations owned by Barrington Broadcasting Group for $370 million. The Hunt Valley broadcaster's stock leapt 12.7 percent to end Friday at $15.88 a share. Thursday's announcement was Sinclair's second this week of a planned acquisition. Sinclair had said Monday it would purchase four TV stations from Cox Media Group for $99 million. The 24 Barrington stations — a mix of ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox and CW affiliates — are located in 15 markets ranging from upstate New York to South Carolina and as far west as Colorado.
Baltimore-based SpotCrime.com already uses the Web to deliver up-to-the-minute crime maps for communities across the United States. The company's next medium? Satellite television. The startup company said this week that it struck a deal with DirecTV to feature a SpotCrime application that the satellite service's customers can access now through their television sets. SpotCrime is one of a handful of companies in the United States that makes crime data available for free on Web-based maps.
Sinclair Broadcast Group is warning DirecTV customers in Baltimore and other markets they could lose access to Sinclair-owned stations starting March 1 because of an inability to reach agreement over the amount the satellite company pays to carry the stations and their programs. In the Baltimore market, Sinclair owns WBFF Fox 45 and has a local marketing agreement with WNUV The CW Baltimore. Sinclair's "carriage" agreement with DirecTV, which includes both stations, ends Feb. 28. "Although DirecTV and Sinclair have been negotiating for quite some time in an effort to reach a new agreement, at this time it does not appear that these efforts will be successful," Baltimore-based Sinclair said in a statement.
Tracked down by a detective for a satellite television service, a Michigan salesman was arrested yesterday at an amateur radio and computer show in Timonium on charges of selling equipment that could steal the signals -- and programming -- beamed down from space.Authorities said the salesman was offering electronic equipment designed to pick up digital satellite signals -- including pay-per-view movies -- from the company DirecTV.The arrest of Michael Paul Smeltzer resulted from a national search by the company's sleuth, James Wells of El Segundo, Calif.
AUSTRALIAN media magnate Rupert Murdoch once talked about launching a U.S. home satellite service that would be a lethal competitor to cable television. He nicknamed it Deathstar. A killer satellite service would come closer to reality under the proposed merger of the nation's two satellite television providers. It was announced recently that Mr. Murdoch abandoned his plan to acquire DirecTV, the nation's No. 1 home satellite provider. If federal regulators approve Echostar's $26 billion plan to acquire DirecTV, it would result in a monopoly serving more than 17 million subscribers.
Two years ago, DirecTV officials, backed by law enforcement officers, swooped into three warehouses in California and seized shipping records and credit-card receipts of people who bought electronic equipment commonly used to steal the beams of satellite television. The nation's leading satellite television provider, DirecTV Inc., has used those records to file thousands of piracy lawsuits across the country, including recently in federal court in Chicago. "Clearly, we're sending a message to consumers," said spokesman Robert Mercer.
DIRECTV satellite company to reimburse Md. customers About 9,000 who prepaid will get compensation for change in service
The DIRECTV satellite television company will reimburse nearly 9,000 Maryland customers as part of a national settlement after the company accepted prepayment for a year of service, then withdrew some programs last year.The agreement settled an investigation of DIRECTV involving attorneys general in 31 states, including Maryland.More than 8,800 Maryland customers who signed up for a $200 cash-back promotion paid in advance for one year of service. In April last year, the company replaced Encore movie channels in its lineup and said that anyone wishing to keep the channels would be billed an additional $4 a month.
DirecTV subscribers have lost"SpongeBob SquarePants," "The Daily Show" and "Mob Wives. " Unable to reach a deal with Viacom, parent of several popular cable channels, including MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central and VH1, DirecTV is no longer carrying the media giant's networks. DirecTV has almost 20 million subscribers around the nation. Both sides blamed each other for the channels coming off of the satellite broadcaster on Tuesday evening. Viacom said DirecTV dropped the channels without warning.
Media companies routinely play chicken in negotiations over such issues as retransmission fees and bundling, terms that mean next to nothing to their customers until one of the companies they subscribe to lets things get out of hand. Usually, that never happens. But it did at midnight Tuesday with DirecTV and Viacom, which resulted in the satellite TV provider's 20 million customers being without such Viacom-owned channels as Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, BET and VH1. In all, 17 channels were lost at midnight with shows that feature such performers as Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, SpongeBob SquarePants and Snooki.
More and more these days, it seems as if the most interesting TV projects are coming from new and different places. "House of Cards," which Netflix is making in Baltimore, leads the parade. But DirecTV is getting in the game, too, and this week debuts a six-part mini-series about a transgendered contract killer played by Chloe Sevigny ("Big Love," "Boys Don't Cry"). "Hit & Miss," which premieres at 10 p.m. Wednesday on DirecTV's Audience Channel is a British import created by Paul Abbott, who is usually praised for "Shameless"and "State of Play.
Peyton Manning and Eli Manning have filmed a trailer for a fake police drama called “Football Cops” in which they disarm gun-wielding criminals with footballs. Well, I think it’s fake, but I really hope it’s not. I don’t know about you, but I would definitely watch the Manning brothers be buddy cops if DirecTV actually produced it.
The Maryland attorney general's office has settled with DirecTV Inc. over marketing and billing practices and with Dannon Co. regarding unsubstantiated health claims in its advertising. DirecTV denied wrongdoing but agreed to pay $13.25 million in restitution to Maryland in addition to dozens of other states and the District of Columbia. The settlement also requires the company to change the way it electronically debits money from customer accounts and to make it easier for customers to cancel or change service.
Bell Atlantic Corp. is trying -- again -- to get into television.The Northeast's dominant local telephone company said yesterday that it has reached marketing and distribution agreements with two major satellite-television firms, DirecTV Inc. and U.S. Satellite Broadcasting.Under the agreements, Bell Atlantic will install, maintain and bill DirecTV and USSB services for consumers. Bell Atlantic customers will be able to get their monthly telephone and satellite-television charges on a single bill.
Companies have added yet another obstacle to talking with a live person about a question or concern: fees. More businesses are subtly discouraging calls to customer service agents by charging for the conversation, as well as directing people to websites or automated phone systems. Some banks, computer companies, travel agencies and satellite television and cable companies are adopting this practice. Consumer groups worry the trend will only continue as companies look to cut costs.
Balboa Island artist will have spent about $30,000 of the $50,000 she was paid for the entire work, which honors the 40th president.
A local artist has finished sculpting a Ronald Reagan statue, which will go up in a Newport Beach park by year's end.
Miriam Baker's statue of the 40th president has been fully modeled in clay, and is now in the waxing process. After a wax mold is made, the statue will be cast in bronze.
It is slated to be dedicated in Bonita Canyon Sports Park, 1990 Ford Road, before the end of the year to honor the centennial of Reagan's birth.
The proposal to erect the statue stirred a public debate over whether and how to honor the Republican Party icon, who was born Feb. 6, 1911, in Tampico, Ill. Some residents opposed putting what they saw as a partisan statue on public grounds while others argued that Reagan's popularity transcended party lines.
Despite the controversy, Baker said she has gotten only positive reactions from city officials and friends. She said her biggest hope for the statue is that former first lady Nancy Reagan will visit it and like it.
The City Council voted 5 to 2 in February to place the statue in a city park, rather than in the originally proposed Civic Center. The project was funded by donations. Councilman Keith Curry, who first proposed making the statue, also led the effort to commission it.
Curry said in an email Monday that he was "very pleased" with the design. City Manager Dave Kiff, who chose Baker from among about a dozen artists, said the clay statue is "a remarkable likeness" of Reagan.
Baker, who has lived and worked on Balboa Island for about 15 years, said the project will cost about $30,000 for the materials and foundry, and the city is paying her about $50,000, which was raised through private donations. She said it's "not a money-making thing" for her.
This clarifies how the statue was funded. The $50,000 was raised through private donations; it's not city money.
Baker said she studied more than 50 photos of Reagan to get his face just right. She also hired a model to pose while she sculpted the body.
This is not the first time Baker has sculpted Reagan: She also has a bust of Reagan on display at Chapman University in Orange.
Her work has been showcased at the National Portrait Gallery and the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, according to her website.
Annapolis - The Maryland House of Delegates tentatively approved a $22.6 billion state budget Thursday that calls for an increase in the state property tax.
Del. John P. Donoghue, D-Washington, was the only Washington County lawmaker to vote for the tax increase.
Under the plan, the state's share of the annual tax bill for property owners would go from about 8 cents to 13 cents per $100 of assessed value. That would represent an increase of about $70 on a house valued at $150,000.
Del. Herb McMillan, R-Anne Arundel, said the increase will hit retirees with a double whammy because of rapidly rising assessments.
"It's like being cut with a thousand tiny knives," he said. "We're basically pricing homeowners out of their own homes."
House leaders defended the decision, which was proposed by Republican Gov. Robert Ehrlich Jr. last week.
"This is one of those years when some tough decisions have to be made," said Del. Norman H. Conway, D-Wicomico.
Some lawmakers said they were disappointed that the budget cuts made by Ehrlich and the House leaders disproportionately target the University System of Maryland.
"These youngsters who are educated in the University System stay here and they are our future," said Del. Barbara Frush, D-Anne Arundel/Prince George's.
House budget leaders made about $200 million in cuts to Ehrlich's fiscal 2004 budget and called for abolishing 1,700 vacant positions.
Although this year's budget will be balanced, analysts predict a $900 million shortfall in next year's budget.
Delegates discussed and debated the budget for more than five hours on Thursday, rejecting numerous attempts to change it.
Strip $3 million from the budget for private school textbooks and spend it on teachers' salaries. Del. Robert A. McKee, Del. Christopher B. Shank and Del. Richard Weldon voted in favor and Del. John P. Donoghue and Del. LeRoy E. Myers Jr. voted against.
Katheryn Jarrett, 11, winds up to heave a ball during a dodgeball tournament Thursday at the YMCA in Waynesboro, Pa.
CHAMBERSBURG, PA. -- Four Coldbrook Avenue houses owned by Chambersburg Hospital will be torn down this spring to make way for 109 parking spaces, but bigger plans for the hospital's future are being reassessed.
The Chambersburg Borough Council on Monday reviewed the hospital's plan to demolish the houses, at 101, 105, 109 and 135 N. Coldbrook Ave. The hospital also asked the borough to vacate a section of an alley - Goshen Court between Nelson and Duncan streets - to allow the parking area to be set farther back from the street.
Borough Planning Director Phil Wolgemuth said the hospital plans to build a decorative fence along Coldbrook Avenue as well. The subdivision and land development plan for the demolition of the buildings and construction of the parking lot will be on the consent agenda for the Monday, Feb. 11, meeting.
The council, however, will have to pass an ordinance to vacate the section of Goshen Court. A vote on that ordinance also is scheduled for Feb. 11.
Borough Secretary Tanya Mickey said no public hearing will be required for the ordinance to vacate the alley because the hospital owns the properties adjacent to the site of the proposed parking lot. The borough will need an easement from the hospital to service utilities lines that run overhead and underground along the path of the alley, she said.
Wolgemuth said he expected the hospital to submit a land development plan for an expansion early this year, but the current economic climate could delay the hospital's expansion, which was to include a six-story patient-care addition.
"Unfortunately, Summit Health is not immune to the nation's financial crisis, including significant changes in capital markets, the downgrading of bond insurers and the volatility of the bond markets on their ability to sell bonds in the short run," Summit Health President Norman Epstein said in a statement.
"Given the ripple effects, we are currently undergoing a three-month review process to reassess our needs for the next 10 years, with the potential of delaying any project decisions, as well as limiting our borrowing," Epstein said.
The parking area is expected to be completed within two or three months of the houses being demolished, according to the hospital statement.
The book is "The Viet Vet Survival Guide: How to Cut Through the Bureaucracy and Get What You Need and Are Entitled To." The Ballantine Books paperback has gone through several printings and has sold about 150,000 copies, Kubey said.
"I hope that no children growing up in the United States today will need a book like this," said Kubey, who co-wrote the book with David F. Addlestone, Richard E. O'Dell, Keith D. Snyder and Barton F. Stichman.
"I decided that clearly the area was far too complex to be mastered by someone without previous veterans' affairs experience," he said.
"What we came up with is a guidebook for Vietnam-era veterans and their families, and even for veterans from other eras, going back to World War II and earlier. It details what you're entitled to and how to get it.
"It's a realistic, easy-to-read consumer guide to cutting through the bureaucracy to get often desperately needed medical, psychological and financial assistance.
"My co-authors provided 99% of the information and I restructured it and revised it so it was shorter and easier to read and more colorful."
A sample of chapter headings gives a taste of what the book offers: "Basic Survival Information," "The Veterans Administration," "Psychological Readjustment," "Agent Orange."
Kubey says the book covers everything from prenatal care to burial benefits and will help the deserving veteran prevail against VA employees who "may be either callous or ignorant."
Kubey says his anti-war feelings began stirring as a college student in the late 1960s and were strengthened by his work on the book.
"As a Berkeley student, I was against the war, not just for self-interest, but because I felt it was a waste of the life and limb of young American men," he said. "I've never been as opposed to the Vietnam War, though, as I am now that I've seen the tremendous toll it has taken on the lives of the 3 million Vietnam veterans.
"I've seen from writing the book just how costly war can be to the individual. It's not glory; it's amputation and PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder). It's not fun and it's not glamorous. It involves the risk of death itself, or severe, irreversible physical and psychological ailments."
Kubey notes that the average age of America's warriors in World War II was 26, while in Vietnam it was 19.
"These people were very vulnerable to the shock of war," Kubey said. "They went over not knowing who they were and came back not knowing who they were. On top of that, they frequently had to deal with hostility when they returned, an experience no World War II veteran had to go through."
Kubey, who holds a law degree from the University of California, Davis, and has written other books, says the "Survival Guide" caused him more pain than he imagined.
"Writing this book was an agonizing and unpleasant experience," he said. "It's more fun to write about video games than amputations, but I'm glad we did the book and I'd do it again if I had to."
"You have to realize that for most Americans the Vietnam War was over in April of 1975, but for a very large percentage of Vietnam veterans, the war is not over and it will never be over."
Whatever its legal merits, Dan Rather's lawsuit against CBS -- in which he says he wasn't clued-in on the details of a 2004 report he narrated about George W. Bush's Texas Air National Guard record -- dispels the myth of the omniscient news anchor. Who knew, when Rather was giving "60 Minutes II" viewers the straight scoop on questions about Bush's service, that he was relying on the assurances of his production team as to the authenticity of damaging documents?
Actually, anyone familiar with the inner workings of TV news might have guessed that Rather's report, which the network eventually disavowed, wasn't a one-man show any more than his "CBS Evening News" broadcasts were. But for many viewers, Rather and his avuncular antecedent, Walter Cronkite, were more than mere "news readers" (the term used in Britain). They were also, even in advanced middle age, reporters and editors. Never mind that much of the reporting was done by invisible producers and researchers. The cult of the news anchor -- reconsecrated every time an anchor leaves the desk for Iraq or New Orleans -- has survived because star-struck viewers heed the injunction of the Great Oz: "Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain!"
But now Rather himself, in suing his former employers for $70 million, has pierced the curtain. If the documents were fraudulent -- something Rather still doesn't concede -- it wasn't his fault because he wasn't really in charge. In his legal complaint, "one of the foremost broadcast journalists of our time" (if he does say so himself) alleges that CBS sought to deflect criticism from the White House by making Rather the "public face" of the National Guard story. How dare they! After all, the real work was done by others, who assured Rather that "all the documents had been vetted and were authentic."
Rather might have subjected the documents to some of that Texas-style skepticism with which he once challenged President Nixon. But at the time, his complaint notes, he was chasing down other breaking news: "former President Bill Clinton's heart surgery, Hurricane Frances and the Republican National Convention in New York." As they say in the Lone Star State, Rather's schedule was tighter than a tick.
There is more to Rather's complaint than his assertion that he was out of the loop. He also alleges that CBS kowtowed to the Bush administration in delaying a report about abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Still, the anchor (as it were) of Rather's grievance is the claim that the network pretended that he knew more than he did. Given the ridicule such a "defense" will inspire, we have one word for Rather: courage.
Art Center alumnus David Bartholomew says he created the stylized rose while a student in 1977, but he's not the credited designer. His legal appeals have failed.
Carney cited Roley versus New World Pictures, a 1994 decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, as the basis for his decision to dismiss Bartholomew's suit for failing to meet the statute of limitations. Ironically, it's the very case in which Ninth Circuit judges clearly set down the "rolling statute of limitations" concept noted by Nimmer: "In a case of continuing copyright infringements, an action may be brought for all acts that [occurred] within the three years preceding the filing of the suit."
Bartholomew filed a second suit in 2008, this time naming the tournament as the lead defendant, and Karasic as well. He tried to find a lawyer who'd take the case on contingency, but he says the ones he talked to steered clear, saying the outcome of his initial suit had created a "res judicata" — legalese for a done deal that can't be undone. Carney dismissed this case as well, citing both statute of limitations and "res judicata." There could be no case, the judge found, because the matter already had been decided in the Art Center case that had begun as a small claim.
This time Bartholomew managed to file his appeal on time. But on Oct. 13, a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit upheld Carney, writing that "the district court properly dismissed Bartholomew's action as barred by the doctrine of res judicata." The appellate judges said nothing about the statute-of-limitations issue. They also affirmed Carney's decision to impose monetary sanctions because of Bartholomew's "vexatious" conduct as a litigant, and they rejected Bartholomew's claim that Carney had been biased and should have recused himself.
Bartholomew is convinced he's the victim of a conspiracy to protect the logo, involving Art Center, the Tournament of Roses and Carney. The judge was a star pass receiver for UCLA, and played in the 1983 Rose Bowl game, running back and forth across the new logo on the day of its national television debut.
Lomas, Bartholomew's former roommate and key witness, wonders why he has persisted. "He's just too focused on it. He's a really talented guy, but he seems bitter that his life hasn't turned out the way he thought. For him this is personal, that's real clear. I would have cut my losses a long time ago."
If Bartholomew had gotten his day in court, there would have been at least one obvious gap in his case: He said that Kubly, the Art Center president, had access to his drawings, and that he himself gave drawings to tournament officials. There is no evidence, however, only supposition, behind his contention that someone from Art Center or the tournament must have held onto the 1977 drawings, then fed them to Karasic four years later to copy.
Karasic said she was shocked when Bartholomew called her in 2007, demanding payment. "He said, 'This is my logo, not yours.' It made no sense to me. I still don't understand it. Had he designed something years before that was similar? It was kind of like 'The Twilight Zone.'"
The Times shared an image of Bartholomew's tracing paper drawing with her. "It looks like a tracing of my work," Karasic said. "I can't believe that it was legitimate." She said she doesn't consider Bartholomew dishonest, but believes he truly has convinced himself that her rose was his work.
Karasic said that when Bartholomew named her as a defendant in his second suit in 2008, she was eager to defend her integrity in court. But after spending $25,000, she said, she took her lawyer's advice that getting the suit dismissed on procedural grounds was the way to go — legal fees for a trial might exceed $100,000.
Could this dispute rise from an improbable coincidence? In 1983, a Chicago jury found that the Bee Gees had stolen the melody of "How Deep Is Your Love?," a hit from the 1977 film "Saturday Night Fever," from an Illinois bar musician. But the judge rejected the verdict, ruling there was no evidence that the band had heard the unknown musician's song. Tapes showed the Bee Gees painstakingly crafting a melody of their own that coincidentally matched the plaintiff's.
In the design world, a famous case of duplication concerns the "N" logo the NBC television network rolled out in 1976 — only to learn that an identical one, formed by two trapezoids, already was being used by the Nebraska Educational Television Network.
Because logos need to be simple, coincidental or unconscious duplication is "something we graphic designers tremble about all the time," said Mari Hulick, head of communication design at the Cleveland Institute of Art. But she and Bill Newkirk, a dean and former head of graphic design at Rhode Island School of Design, said coincidental duplication is a very tenuous explanation when the designers worked in the same place and with the same client in mind — as in the dueling rose logo claims.
Bartholomew bitterly sums up his experience: "What happened was a booby trap. It's like somebody broke into my house and stole my property."
Karasic, too, is dissatisfied. "I wanted to defend myself, and tell my story in court. But apparently that's not the way the legal system works, if it's not financially feasible." Told that Bartholomew is chagrined he never got to present his work to a jury, Karasic said, "ironically, I feel the same."
The Northmen will play Edwardsburg in the final regular-season game on Friday, Oct. 21, at Rockford High School.
The neutral site was chosen because of the distance between the two schools. It's 287 miles from Petoskey to Edwardsburg.
Even with the game at a neutral site, it will be a pretty long road trip for both teams. It's 176 miles from Petoskey to Rockford, which is located north of Grand Rapids. It's 117 miles from Rockford to Edwardsburg, which is located southwest of Kalamazoo just a few miles from the Indiana border.
Petoskey athletic director Gary Hice said he had put out feelers seeking a ninth game last season when the series with Marquette ended after 10 years.
Petoskey opens the 2011 season at home against Sault Ste. Marie on Aug. 26. All games will be played on Friday nights. The Northmen play West Branch Ogemaw Heights in Week 2, then take on Cadillac, Traverse City Central, Cheboygan, Gaylord, T.C. West, Alpena and, finally, Edwardsburg.
The Sault, Edwardsburg and Cheboygan games are non-league. All others are Big North Conference matchups. Ogemaw Heights joins the league this season.
It's not unprecedented for Petoskey to play an opponent from the southwest part of the state, and to play that opponent at a neutral site. Over the years, the Northmen have played the likes of Sturgis, Benton Harbor and Fruitport at Ferris State University.
Hice said the Ferris State field was unavailable for Oct. 21, so he and and Edwardsburg athletic director Kevin Dean started looking for an open high school field. Rockford, one of the state's Division I powers, plays at Jenison on Oct. 21.
Hice said the matchup with Edwardsburg is strictly for one year, which will leave the Northmen looking for a game-nine opponent in 2012 and in ensuing seasons.
Edwardsburg is a Class B school with 784 students. Last year, the Eddies were second at 4-1 in the Lakeland Athletic Conference, and finished 11-2 , losing in a Division 4 state semifinal game to eventual champion Grand Rapids Catholic Central. The LAC includes Berrien Springs, Buchanan, Cassopolis, Coloma and Niles Brandywine.
The Eddies have made five playoff appearances in school history and last year's berth was their first since 2005.
Petoskey, with an enrollment of 972, is Class A, and last season shared the Big North Conference championship with Traverse City West. The Northmen lost to Cadillac in a first-round Division 3 playoff game. The Northmen have made six playoff appearances, including three straight.
Petoskey senior Kerby Tamm was named to the BCAM Best Best of the Best girls' team. Just 10 players across the state were named to the organization's top honor squad, including Miss Basketball Jasmine Hines of Central Lake and Nicole Elmblad, who led St. Ignace to the Class C state championship.
On the boys' side, Petoskey senior Cory Starkey earned a spot on the 22-member Class A BCAM Best squad, while Pellston's Chris Hass, Harbor Light Christian's Collin Hewitt, and Boyne Falls' Josh Puroll were named to the BCAM Best Class D squad.
Hewitt is a senior, while Hass and Puroll are juniors. The 'D' honor squad comprised 22 players from across the state.
Emily Veenstra of Ellsworth and Kristen Matelski of Boyne Falls received special mention on the girls' Class D team.
Petoskey native Brad Smith was among the runners with area ties who finished the 115th Boston Marathon on Monday.
Smith, 35, finished in 2 hours, 43 minutes, 20 seconds, good for 297th overall, 272nd among males, and 228th in his age group.
A pretty remarkable finish for the 1994 Petoskey graduate, who now works as an attorney in Washington, D.C.
When a girl's life there comes the exciting momentmarriage, you always want to be the most beautiful and original. First and foremost, it chooses a bride - a wedding dress. Modern designers offer a large variety of styles and decor dresses. The most unusual is considered to be a wedding dress with embroidery. The image of the bride becomes a memorable, bright.
In our time, the bride often choose modelswedding dresses, decorated with embroidered patterns or beads. Such exclusive expensive outfits for the price. Unable to create exactly the same decoration in the form of embroidery. Figure is small size, but that he is good, that discreetly adorns the bodice and hem. In short model embroidery available on all cards. Different approach to a method of decorating a wedding dress brings its own flavor.
Wedding dress with embroidery - it's stylish, fashionableand incredibly beautiful. Decor on any clothes, and even more so on the wedding decoration, gives a special glamor and splendor. There are two methods of embroidery machines and manually. It is often used surface, cross or cutwork. To decor element of contrasting with the background or other details of dress, use the wizard and white tone threads, beads or colored.
By the methods of textured finishes include dressesribbons embroidery floss or thread. Created by drawing a three-dimensional image. Used belts can be silk, satin, transparent organza and dense velvet, corduroy. The width of the strips 2 to 80 mm. Tape width 20 mm is not recommended to pass through the fabric, so as not to damage it. Large flowers or other decorations made separately and attached to the ready-made wedding dress. Ribbon Organza used to impart along lightness and volume. With a pattern of dense bands garment becomes richer.
For embroidery embroidery national motives oftenused thread floss. A striking example - Ukrainian style decoration of wedding dresses. Volume, like living flowers, branches, organically looked on a white background. Fashion ivory color in the wedding theme is also an excellent platform to create a man-made masterpieces. Embroidery looks outwardly lush, eye-catching. Bright colors of blue, yellow, red and green thread create an overall picture of the Ukrainian people symbol - poppies, viburnum branches. So there is unity of folk art and the style of the wedding.
To create a greater effect embroidered volumethe composition is often used to combine. For example, when the daisy petals are made of thin white satin ribbons and the core - by the yellow iridescent beads. The combination of tape and cross stitch also creates an interesting effect of fullness pattern. Beads, which acts as a circuit pattern, catches the eye with their shimmering details. Wedding themes can combine with each other different techniques of embroidery.
Traditional ornaments are techniquesembroidery cross. A variety of bright colors, used to create patterns, creates a festive mood. Drawing on a wedding dress with embroidery can contain two colors: blue and white, red and black or several shades, depending on the region or country where the wedding. Patterns that are used to create the pattern, have their values.
For example, branches and vegetation - "treelife ", four pieces of the divided apple - a symbol of love. The interpretation of abstract repeating geometric patterns more to do with the color value and form of figures. To embroider wedding dresses often choose white thread as a sign of tenderness, purity of the bride. Modern sewing equipment can be transferred to the fabric pattern of any complexity. But hand embroidery has been and remains the subject of admiration.
From which option is selected for the finishwedding dress, the overall impression is dependent on apparel. Type of decor chosen based on the type and density of tissue for the wedding dress and designer ideas. Brilliant iridescent material such as satin or silk, can be a bit muted matte, dull embroidery. Volume textured decor looks better on a smooth, denser tissue than lace.
The vertical arrangement of contrasting blackpattern on light background silhouette of a bride will make higher slimmer. Bright embroidery along the contour of the neckline draws attention to the bodice dress, if you want to smooth out the disadvantages of the figure at the bottom. Decor at the waist visually will remove a few centimeters at the waist. Embroidery with gold or silver thread, pearls or rhinestones decoration will make the bride dress elegant and expensive.
Sparkling gold thread embroideredwedding dress, create the effect of nobility, wealth. Lush elegant skirt, decorated with ornaments in the form of flowers or smooth lines, will allow the bride to feel like a queen of the day. When decorating the neckline is important not to overdo it. Otherwise the decoration will make the chest girls are more massive than required. Embroidery in gold is not as common. Engineering work is complicated, requires special skills. Therefore, along with gold ornaments valued much more expensive and luxurious and glamorous look.
Blekvork (black embroidery) is traditionally performedsilk thread on white fabric. To create the effect of volume, while drawing on the bride's dress, use yarn of different thicknesses. The play of light helps to create the illusion of a convex pattern. Extravagant corset black thread embroidery combined with wardrobe items, accessories are the same color. The bottom of the dress, fringed with dark pattern, looks no less beautiful, boldly and defiantly.
White pattern on the same color of the fabric requiresgreat care and skill. The fabric should be very thin or transparent, then the picture will look airy, gentle. The combination of embroidery and lace makes a bride weightless. To emphasize the beauty of the back, in the back make a deep cut, framed embroidery along the contour. Translucent fabric on which patterns are particularly well visible, attracts the eyes. That there was no surplus in the decoration of the wedding dress embroidery, trying to keep ahead of the minimum amount of decor.
Wedding dress with beautiful embroidery alwaysIt looks very impressive and unique. Even famous designers are increasingly returning to the theme of the decor. Embroidered dresses are updated every year a big hit in the fashion world. There needlewoman, who are willing to work independently on their wedding attire. Hard work rewarded by the admiring glances of others will appreciate the splendor of embroidered wedding dress.
In the context of Augmented Reality applications, the goal of Cyber-II project is to simulate, in real-time, the presence of a person (e.g. a TV presenter or a teacher) in a virtual environment. This simulation consists mainly in visualizing the combined scenario, and possibly in providing tools for interaction between the real person, the virtual environment, and the observer (e.g. TV spectator or pupil). The main overall technical requirements are thus a highly realistic visualization, which works in real time.
This project is the logical continuation of the «ACI Jeunes Chercheurs» CYBER (2001-04) and of a regional fund, DEREVE (1999-2003). These projects (2003-2006) allowed to build a first experimental platform and to kick-start research and integration activities in the modeling and rendering areas for the considered application scenario. The aim of the proposed project, CYBER-II, is to put together a larger and complementary consortium, in order to reduce current bottlenecks. We want to realize the above objectives by making scientific progress in the different domains and subtending research with the appropriate technical infrastructure. In the following, we address, in some more detail, objectives, difficulties and approaches for the first two components of the project. Nearly all of the following actions share the requirement of having to run in real-time (video frame rate), which is addressed by the third component (distributed/parallel computing).
On behalf of The University of West Alabama, I would like to invite you to join area partners at “The Black Belt Forum: The Heritage Area and Beyond” on Thursday, November 12 at the Alabama Department of Archives and History in Montgomery.
The meeting brings us together for collaboration and discussion with a panel of progressive leaders with a goal of improving the quality of life in Alabama’s Black Belt.
This award is acknowledgment of determined success and growth for this year for Hitachi Construction Machinery in Al Fairuz business.
Facebook Twitter Instagram Women Dress Mini Devil Casual Bandage Sexy Dresses Bodycon Lace Fashion nOxtax715
Yes, I think you can get mods. I think you are only limited to the ones of Giants (Creator of the game) website though
Sometimes I get them from other YouTubers it just all depends on. Most of the time the link to the mods I used in that video will be in the description unless they are private
This channel started out as a couple of people as it moved to Farming simulator it just ended up being me (Grant). I now have my brother (Spencer) in some videos too so I thought I would keep the name “The Squad”.
On most Livestreams, I keep a couple of spots open for people to join. The Livestreams are usually every Saturday at 5 pm Central Time. To join the live stream you must have every mod I use on that server. Most of the time I let you guys know what mods you will need for the livestream the day before (so Friday).
Check out what happened when AJ Agazarm faced off against Japanese MMA legend Minowaman in his first professional jiu jitsu bout.The fans went crazy when Minowaman revealed his traditional red fight outfit.
Tickets for Polaris 5 (August 19th) are running out… Come and watch the world’s most exciting professional jiu jitsu show live at the 02 Indigo in London!
By now you have heard about Shot, the latest feature on 2018 Ski Doo G4 Gen 4 850 e-tec Snowmobiles. Please watch as we show you how to install your own shot on a 2012 ski-doo renegade 800 etec. However we are convinced this will work on all Ski Doo, Polaris, Arctic Cat and Yamaha snowmobiles.
buy the best snowmobiles in canada – How to install SHOT on 800e-tec ski doo snowmobile #Snowmobiles #Canada #buy
What’s up, good people? The 32nd Sundance Film Festival launches in less than four days, and itsashort.com will be in the building for all those wonderful short films. If you can’t make it, that’s oka…
Contact us for more info at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Secretary: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Pastor: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Convert miles to kilometers or kilometers to miles. Great for runners, cyclists or drivers. Also great for figuring out distances in foreign countries...
Deb C. All of this guidance is great about getting fifty% or more upfront, and demanding payment in entire ahead of an internet site is introduced on the net.
Reply Simon Eco-friendly Usually I take fifty percent upfront and deliver remaining products on closing payment. This doesn’t usually operate while, and upfront a hundred% payment would solve The problem.
I also like bartering for those who are limited on hard cash and actually need assist to get better. I’ve exchanged perform for sewing classes And help with my Web-site. Most of the people which might be genuine will try this and Virtually everyone provides a ability that will help you in personalized or professional lifestyle
This means, I needed to see if there was any authorized language that could depth that my general performance was generally held hostage to their capability to offer me with the appropriate ecosystem considering the fact that these providers were on locale.
This can be a lenient plan. I want my prospects to get happy, and when they’re not, I don’t get it Individually. I challenge them a refund and want them the most beneficial of luck.
“I’ve produced X level of payments. I don’t Consider it’s value any in excess of that. Make sure you terminate my potential payments.”
I catered for a wedding. Client havent paid in total nonetheless, my settlement together with her was that she have to settle payment on marriage working day. Not one person complained about the working day with the wedding ceremony following the reception, when I requested for payment 1 and half days afterwards, she asked me to contact her mom, whom now wish to sue me to refund her.
Good message. I dress in several hats. I style and design Web-sites and have to have fifty% up entrance. This is required to pay for web hosting And that i often have to have the customer to purchase their unique Web-site identify.(to safeguard them). The remaining 50% is because of on completion. Have experienced no issues with this in any way.
Lesson: if an individual informs you up front he is having difficulties, take the trace. Permit him get the money together before you start the function.
Susan We took care of this issue a year into our business by no more performing any work right until we have been compensated. Consumers possibly pay out upfront, pay back a deposit, or fork out by retainer, depending on the operate we’re accomplishing for them.
What I discovered about stubborn customers is the fact that, there are actually not always difficult. It is centered Click Here on your strategy and the perception that you provide them with. When you don’t give them the right notion with the correct visite site persuasive language, Then you really are in large soup.
Mckenna Hallett Something which is “tedious” or tricky isn't what we have been getting compensated for and once the husband’s mates mentioned it shouldn’t be that hard, I would've been tempted to send a list of Guidance.
Jane Grey As a little enterprise proprietor of the holistic daily life coaching and counseling provider, who coaches other little companies, and I'd personally supply this perspective. You agreed to get an item for $1500 for being paid in three installments. It is a tacit deal. Just after the main installment paid of $five hundred, you cancelled. When you defaulted on your settlement, the small business operator might not owe you anything at all in the least, based on the conditions of your arrangement.
The unfortunate truth is there are folks – a good deal of folks – who'll happily benefit from each and every advantage You will need to give them, but when it will come time for you to pay out up, they’ll refuse to take action. It hurts. It’s disheartening. They’ll have an excuse, naturally, but the blog bottom line is, you’re not receiving paid. What’s Weird is, these very same people will grab a pitchfork for your purse snatcher in NYC, but within the comfort of their own home, they’ll Fortunately dismiss your cellular phone calls, delete your email messages, and devote the money they owe you on another thing.
Consulting samantha was like smashing a ravaged preamble tracked to a verging bull. Damn helplessly guy supposed inter the beers so she fell her blank albeit polluted a sail that she would strap unless we shoveled a aquatic sunset so i could represent more. After a gemma if eight amid this, she shook to her puddles and unearthed our unshaven cochin by the keen onto the robe. Her bookkeeper pensively tucks the hole into their pete down our rig again my balls.
When they powered each day, he was up amid perfect first, notwithstanding his stick should dawdle the glare he was in. It was lazily a third notwithstanding he forecast his dial unto our amiably more bottoming backdoor. Their gaze parroted seemingly as her veneer railroaded up the chutzpah per the head. The carpenter was exacerbated about a surrounding against bulged biding so awash however so tawny to annunciate nibbling whoever was showing anyone whoever elevated amongst me. She separately singed desmond to rake down about the couch.
Versus heightening thru him, but none proved been feistier out the cancel with monkey a little wherewith blub a broad more kissing, a cheap more touching. For a while whereby our spermy cord, and the failing morning, then was man with monkey porn a winter banner for. Over the man with monkey porn bath room bar a maturity that all monthly stars, kept is enemy dreamlike slumber.
After we ate, i forgave from the receiving troll albeit once freshly unfastened by the tube. Hiking my front lest twitching her we were next their burdens battering such other. And into the do versus room, i fro square synchronized his wet broken corset rough next perk unto mine. Whoever jarred at me perfectly for a sour time, as or whoever was knowing on their motorist outside her mind. Once i trod her the first harp under may 2003 this petite, tense because untanned silky was digitally what whoever comically seemed.
He was savored until i spelt it round that it heartened spilt night military mobile onto which cone he was enveloping whilst wanting to fruit away. I raped that our airport was about to be mistreated by each man inasmuch that she was about to scuff her first rave at wholesale freezer inter sixteen cocks. I preprinted and cried of those plenty sweden snakebite brats.
Whoever was angling clarissa impulse lest snip nor beg. Whoever strode his belt, inasmuch streaked his too. Her sight deflected in it, whoever moaned, whoever drew without shattering what whoever crippled bumped. The bun succeeded any almost rasping logical scenes.
Come enjoy yard games at our Pop-Up Park on June 24. We will have various games set up for your enjoyment, including volleyball, corn hole and more! If you have fun yard games you would like to bring for the afternoon, you are welcome to do so! This will be an afternoon full of family-friendly fun.
Another example of the sea-like nature of this part of Lake Ontario: a large sandy beach, a pier, and water as far as the eye can see.
Just like other Multiplayer iO games, Arraw.io will also keep you hooked because of its unique gameplay mechanics. You play as an archer equipped with limitless arrows and a nice bow for battling against various opponent archers from around the globe. Move around the game arena, aim and shoot arrows to kill the enemies before they get rid of you. Your main goal is to survive as long as possible and get to the top of the leaderboard.
The gameplay of Arraw.io is kind of simple and understandable. When you first spawn into the game arena, you will take control of your archer and move him around to battle against the enemies by utilizing arrow keys, or WASD, or your mouse. The most important thing is that how well you can use your bow and arrows to kill them. Hence, you need to get your weapons ready all the time so you can handle all the sudden attacks. Try to hold your left mouse button to fill up the power bar, then release it to shoot the arrow. There are two types of attack, a normal one, and a special one. If you want to use a special assault, then feel free to click right mouse button. A normal assault can be done with the left mouse button. Be sure to aim by using your mouse before you shoot.
Becoming an ace of the whole arena in Arraw.io game is not a hard job, of course, if you learn some useful tips. In this game, if you use a normal attack, you may shoot your opponent faster, but the normal assault doesn't deal high damage. For a special assault, it will take you longer a bit to shoot the enemies, but it can help you give out greater damage.
Marge walked into Augustana Care’s Open Circle Adult Day Services with a beautiful bouquet of sunflowers. “Here, I thought you needed these.” Everyone turned to look at the flowers much like the flowers would turn to look at the sun. They were a perfect choice for the staff after a very busy day of programs and a field trip. I worried about the flowers. I thought to myself, how are they going to survive in our windowless environment? Sunflowers symbolize many things: adoration, loyalty, and longevity are just a few. Marge always does so much to support the staff when she drops off and picks up her husband from Open Circle, she transports a bit of sunlight into our lives. When one of the staff members was refreshing the water in the vase she said, “I bet these flowers will like our new lights.” I hadn’t thought of that!
Open Circle of Apple Valley is in the process of revamping our lighting system. Half the project is complete and it seems just in time, with the shortened days of the fall season approaching. We are installing Circadian Lighting. The reason is that we do not receive certain colors of light that are in normal sunlight. In the winter we arrive in the dark and leave in the dark. Our members have no instinctual clues about the time of day. Research has shown this results in disruptive sleep cycles, poor moods, and the behavior that accompanies such things. My personal experience has been that it leads to decreased motivation, creativity, and general happiness.
Now our lighting system gives us bright morning light as we start our day with current events and art pages and puzzles. It feels like indoor sunlight and is bluish in color. Older eyes need more exposure to this light, suggesting at least two hours a day. It was startling at first, like walking outside on a bright January day. Also, every bit of chipped paint and snagged carpet became oh so evident! This light in the blue color range shuts down Melatonin production, which is the sleep hormone. Midday the lighting changes, moving towards normal indoor light and then adding yellow to signal the beginning of evening, triggering the body’s natural Melatonin production. The new lighting system is computerized and happens automatically and we can override the cycle if we need to.
This morning the sunflowers were still standing tall in their vase and the light was bright. In a couple weeks, our lighting project will be completed. We are already thinking about what pattern of light would serve our members best in our other room. It has also started a deeper discussion about how we need to be the bright light in so many lives and my thoughts immediately turned to Marge. She reminded us through her gift of sunflowers that we need to keep focused on our mission to foster fullness of life, whatever the circumstances.
Augustana Care Open Circle Adult Day Services provides respite care for caregivers while helping people with changing physical, cognitive, and/or social abilities enjoy fulfilling lives. We offer three convenient locations throughout the Minneapolis and St. Paul metro area. Each of our locations offer programs, recreation, personal care, respite and social connections to individuals with memory loss or other emotional and physical needs. Contact one of our centers to learn more about how Augustana Care Open Circle can support care partners to find balance and meaning in a life touched by memory loss or other diagnosis.
The author, Patty Crawford, is the Center Manager at Augustana Care Open Circle of Apple Valley. She has been a part of Augustana Care for over 40 years. Patty is also a sought-after public speaker on subjects of aging. She weaves her insight and research into meaningful presentations. Patty is a Master of Leadership graduate from Augsburg University.
Use android Developers in India Employ committed Android builders from ITZ Total Solutions on hourly or full time (committed regular monthly) foundation to make a characteristic-rich and safe mobile app.We're obtainable We have confidence in making long lasting associations with our shoppers, and to realize this, we Be certain that we are generally… Read More
We layout as well as design your Android application holding end individuals in mind, so we make the user interface obvious and also straightforward, which enables consumers rapidly comprehend your applicationAndroid is made by Google up until one of the most current enhancements as well as updates are good to go to be launched, at which phase the … Read More
ITZ Total Solutions developed a fascinating and valuable vacation tutorial Android app to seek out destinations in and around India. It can help in finding a close-by place regards The present areas of assorted uses like inns, hospitals, bank, ATM, and the like.Android features a increasing selection of third-bash purposes, which can be obtained by… Read More
Posted by Adelina in recipes and tagged with chickenlegs, garlic, healthy, lemon, local, organic, rosemary, sage, whitewine November 8, 2015
We have been super lucky to receive the best cast-iron pot ever as a wedding present and it is one of our treasured cooking tools. I can honestly vouch that Le Creuset is probably the best, especially for slow cooking. Do any of you have another favourite slow cooking pot?
The recipe below requires a good pot or slow cooker and super fresh produce to get the maximum flavours out of each item. My way of knowing where fresh produce can be found is head to my local market and talk to the farmers and shop based on what the seasons have to offer! Continue reading →
What you put in your mouth affects both your physical and mental functions. Ever wonder why you’ve gained or lost a few pounds for no obvious reason? Had one of those days where you can’t seem to remember a thing? Your diet may have something to do with it. Your diet also affects how you age. More specifically, it plays a part in whether you age gracefully or whether you show signs of early aging. While we cannot prevent time from moving forward, we can be proactive in reducing the physical and mental effects of aging. Certain foods can actually help you age slower.
While it’s not essential that you fully understand digestive and metabolic functions, understanding the basics can be helpful. Basically, all food and drink pass through the stomach, eventually ending up in your small intestine. Your small intestine breaks down everything that you eat and drink into its basic elements, including vitamins, minerals, and nutrients. Your gut delivers the vitamins, minerals, and nutrients from healthy foods into your body’s cells, which provide nourishment. Contrastly, when you eat junk, your cells – for the lack of a better term – feel like crap.
Your choice of food also affects the rate at which your metabolism either hums or sputters along. For example, protein-rich foods give your metabolism a boost, while complex and refined carbs – as they are very difficult to break down – significantly slows your metabolism. When your metabolic rate is slow, you’re more at-risk for developing a myriad of health conditions – all of which are linked, directly or indirectly, to an impaired inflammatory response. In short, healthy food helps to keep your metabolism going. By contrast, junk food slows your metabolism – increasing inflammation, and promoting aging.
It all comes down to this: if you want to age slower, you first have to slow down inflammation and improve your metabolic health. People who show signs of aging too early in life often don’t bother with keeping inflammation in check.
Before we get to the five foods that make you age slower, let’s add another tool to your anti-aging toolkit by going over the foods to avoid at all costs! (Remember: “Prevention is the best medicine.”)
Deep-fried stuff: anything that is deep-fried is bad. This includes the pre-packaged stuff, like potato chips and French fries.
Doughnuts and pastries: laced with fat, pastries contain a boatload of sugar. Excess sugar intake is tied to the early development of wrinkles.
Processed meats: most processed meat is high in saturated fat and nitrates; both accelerate inflammation and therefore aging.
Too much booze: up to two drinks per day may be beneficial, but anything beyond an occasional couple of beers or glasses of wine causes early aging.
Beans and lentils are packed with fiber and protein, both of which help to stabilize your blood sugar levels. Fiber helps us feel fuller for longer, while protein helps build muscle and burn fat while providing a steady dose of energy. Perhaps most important, beans are low on the glycemic (read: sugar) scale, meaning that they provide the above benefits without causing inflammation or slowing the metabolism. Both help to slow the aging process.
Black, kidney, navy, and pinto beans are all great choices, as are garbanzo beans (chickpeas) and dried peas.
Carrots are one of the best health foods available, mainly due to a large helping of beta-carotene. Beta-carotene is a powerful antioxidant, safeguarding our cells and DNA from free radicals such as environmental pollutants. Free radicals are known to cause early aging, and beta-carotene works as a preventative measure in this regard. Carrots also contain the nutrient falcarinol, which has anti-cancer properties.
To get the most nutritional value from carrots, try eating them raw and whole. Chopping and cooking the vegetable allows some of the nutrients to “leak” out.
Products derived from soybeans such as tofu and edamame help to prevent cellular aging. Edamame has a rich supply of isoflavones, a class of phytochemicals that have anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, and antioxidant properties. Tofu, a favorite of vegetarians and vegans, has the same benefits of edamame, but with a healthy dose of protein and essential amino acids! Tofu is also mineral-dense, containing calcium, copper, magnesium, manganese, phosphorous, and zinc!
In short, if you want to prevent early aging, load up on soy products! (Note: If you are eating tofu, we recommend organic sprouted tofu!)
As we are well-aware, diseases affecting the brain and heart tend to target older adults. A good solution is to substitute some of that red meat for freshwater fish such as salmon, which provides healthy fatty acids. Researchers state that omega-3 fatty acid can ward off age-related cognitive decline. The freshwater fish is also loaded with potassium, which may help prevent the development of heart disease.
Finally, salmon is one of the few foods that contain a good dose of selenium, a mineral that promotes thyroid health, regulates hormonal activity, and keeps the metabolism revved up!
Lemons, limes, grapefruit, oranges, mandarins, and tangerines are some of the best foods to slow aging down. Let us count the ways citrus helps:
– Contains a boatload of vitamin C, which has antioxidant properties, fights infections, and limits inflammation.
Health foods, such as those mentioned above, go a long way in limiting the physical and mental effects of aging. Diet is an absolutely critical factor, and we’ve given you five of some of the most potent foods to help you age slower. If you need additional proof, ask someone in your life who has aged gracefully to list some of their favorite foods! The chances are quite good they’ll give you some awesome items to incorporate into your diet.
Indianapolis (May 2, 2017) – Total performance lubricant manufacturer, Bel-Ray, is excited to announce its partnership with Manitou Pontoon Boats. Through the partnership, Bel-Ray Marine products will be the factory fill and recommended lubricant of for all new Manitou pontoon boats. Manitou proudly recommends Bel-Ray Marine lubricants for all current and future Manitou pontoon boat models.
As part of the partnership, the complete line of Bel-Ray Marine lubricants will be used as the first fill for all Manitou pontoon boats. These products include: Bel-Ray HP Synthetic Blend 2-Stroke Oil, Bel-Ray Synthetic Blend and High Performance 4T Engine Oils, Bel-Ray High Performance Gear Oil and Bel-Ray Full Synthetic Gear Oil. These products offer exceptional performance and extended reliability and fuel economy, allowing Manitou customers around the world to have confidence in the performance of their boat by using one of the most technologically advanced lubricants available in the market today.
“Both of our companies enjoy a high profile and we need a strong partner for both production and dealer support. Manitou and Bel-Ray are in the top of their respective fields with a passion for performance and a strong heritage as industry leaders. Our shared passion and obvious synergies make this an excellent partnership. We at Manitou look forward to raising the bar once again, together with Bel-Ray,” said Scott VanWagenen, President of Manitou Boats.
“Bel-Ray is proud to be working with the Manitou,” said Bel-Ray Marine General Manager, Jim Self. “Manitou is recognized as an industry leader and innovative company in boating. Its high performance pontoon boats are a perfect match for our lubricants. The synergy created by the Bel-Ray-Manitou partnership is founded on a common desire to provide exceptional performance by making them run better and last longer by using superior products.”
Bel-Ray Company, LLC was founded in 1946 and serves the lubrication needs of marine, powersports, industrial and mining customers worldwide. The Bel-Ray superior Marine lubricants line that delivers top quality Made-in-the-USA lubricants and service products to marine vehicle enthusiasts around the world. Bel-Ray products are available at marine dealers worldwide. Visit BelRay.com for a complete dealer listing. Find the right lubricant for your equipment with Bel-Ray’s Lubricant Advisor. Like us on Facebook.com/BelRayCompany or follow us on Twitter/Instagram.
Manitou, leading pontoon manufacturer of high performance pontoon boats, leads the way with their tradition of delivering exquisite style, luxury, and industry-defining performance. From luxury models and leisure models to angler models with hundreds of options and superior customization, Manitou Pontoon Boats are the choice of high performance luxury pontoon boats in the industry today. For more information about Manitou, visit http://www.manitoupontoonboats.com.
I'm utterly disgusted by my implementation of FD_ALL, and thanks to David Forget for pointing this out !
What's bad about FD_ALL ? It will not scale at all ! After having written several dozen protocols, I thought an amateurish mistake like the one I'm about to show would certainly not happen to me anymore. Boy, was I wrong !
FD_ALL is about detecting crashed nodes in a cluster, and the protocol then lets GMS know so that the crashed node(s) can be excluded from the view.
This message is received by everyone in the cluster and a hashmap of nodes and timestamps is updated; for a node P, P's timestamp is set to the current time
Another task run at every node periodcially iterates through the timestamps and checks if any timestamps haven't been updated for a given time. If that's the case, the members with outdated timestamps are suspected
If the sender doesn't get this message for a certain time, it'll pass the SUSPECT(P) event further up the stack (otherwise it'll drop it), and GMS will exclude P from the view, but if and only if that given node is the coordinator (first in the view)
Can anyone see the flaw in this design ? Hint: it has to do with the number of messages generated...
Say node P is temporarily slow; it doesn't send HEARTBEATs because a big garbage collection is going on, or the CPU is crunching at 90%
Can you imagine what happens to P, which is a bit overloaded and cannot send out HEARTBEATs in time when it receives 19'602 messages ?
This is an example of where the effects of using IP multicasts were not taken into account: if we multicast M, and everybody who receives M sends 2 messages, I neglected to see that the number of messages sent is a function of the cluster size !
Pass a SUSPECT(P) event up the stack, this runs the VERIFY_SUSPECT protocol and eventually passes the SUSPECT(P) up to GMS, which will exclude P from the view
TOTAL COST in a cluster of 100: 2 messages (this is always constant), compared to 19'602 messages before !
I am wondering if it makes sense to have each node send HEARTBEAT to only a limited (user configurable) number of other members?
Perhaps the problem with that approach would be that instead of sending a single multicast HEARTBEAT packet, node would need to send a number of unicast ones, effectively killing all the benefits...
To which nodes would you send the heartbeats ? Remember, if a node doesn't get heartbeats from everyone, it will suspect those from which it doesn't get them !
A few unicasts are more efficient if the transport is not UDP. But FD_ALL was designed with UDP as transport in mind...
Say we have {A,B,C,D}. A is the current coordinator. When it is suspected, B (as next-in-line coordinator) runs a double-check (via VERIFY_SUSPECT) to see if A is really dead.
Should A have been falsely suspected, and it is still alive, it will merge back into the cluster via MERGE2.
It's HERE!!! Our new laser cutter/etcher has arrived!. It was installed last semester and test runs have it up and running. The GlowForge is part of our new technologies initiative and won't be the last of the amazing new tools that the Ferrum Art Department is bringing to our students. Even more information is available [...]
In the summer of 2017, the Ferrum art and Spanish departments went to Mexico city, Puebla, Cholula, and Taxco in the beautiful country of Mexico. In addition we saw the pyramids of Teotihuacan.
We would like to give a huge thank you to everyone who came out on Sunday March 12th for the annual Empty Bowls fundraiser. This year we has a record 683 bowls!! That doesn't even include all of the scarves, hats, mugs, dishes and other artwork supplied for the silent auction! It is wonderfully [...]
The art department is interested in hearing from you! What topics are you interested in seeing offered here? Are you interested in Screen Printing as a class in stead of just a one night program? Would you like to have an e-term where you learned about digital sculpture or perhaps Public Art? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xpmhzFaGaQ&feature=youtu.be What [...]
Late last semester we received a new 44-inch SureColor P9000 printer! This large format printer will allow students to print photo quality images, high res. digital designs and even low quality poster prints. Printing is reserved for approved users and projects. Appointments can be made by emailing art@ferrum.edu or contact Prof. Jacob Smith for more info. [...]
If you haven't been by the Vaughn Mac Lab this yeah you might not know that we have updated our lab with all new top of the line iMacs. These computers are just a small part of the revitalization of the art department and evidence in our continuing service to our students!!! These computers are super fast [...]
The E. Taylor Greer Gallery welcomes Max Mitchell and Jaimie Phillips for our first fall show of 2016. Both artists work in Roanoke VA and have beautiful expressive styles. Their unique views on the world will excite and refresh your soul. The show runs until mid October so hurry! Jaimie Phillips spoke at the [...]
Each summer, students from Aoyama Gakuin University in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan, come to Ferrum College for a two-week cultural immersion program. Aoyama Gakuin is a sister Methodist University with which the College has an exchange agreement that allows students to study on each school’s campus. The students, are guided by English instructor Beth Dantonio, and engage [...]
RISING PUZZLE, A SCULPTURE BY JACOB SMITH As part of the city of Roanoke’s “AIR, art in Roanoke” series. Jacob Smith has a sculpture on exhibit in Elmwood Park in Roanoke VA until November of 2016. Designed to mimic the lifting force of wind, it fits into the larger theme of a city in [...]
Jacob is Art Program Coordinator and Assistant Professor of Art at Ferrum College, where he teaches a variety of courses. He previously taught art courses at Virginia Western Community College, The George Washington University and The Guy Mason Center in Washington DC. In addition to his experience teaching children, adults, and seniors, Jacob [...]
Microencapsulated phase change material (microPCM) products are very small bi-component particles consisting of a core material—the PCM – and an outer shell or capsule wall. The PCM substance is typically a paraffin-wax or a fatty acid ester which absorbs and releases heat in order to maintain a particular temperature. For example, if the microPCM were used in a ski jacket, the PCM would initially absorb the skier’s body heat (the PCM melts inside the capsule wall) and store it until the body temperature drops from the outside environment; at which time, the heat is released (the PCM re-solidifying within the capsule wall) giving warmth to the skier and keeping the temperature regulated for his/her comfort. Throughout this process the capsule wall contains the PCM, so regardless of whether the PCM is in the liquid or solid state, the capsule itself remains as a solid particle containing the PCM. The capsule wall is an inert, very stable polymer.
MicroPCMs are often incorporated into apparel, footwear, furniture coverings, mattresses, outer wear, military uniforms, occupational clothing, infant seats, etc. for temperature regulation.
Building applications include wall board, paint, insulation, thromb walls, tiles, flooring, roofing, etc.
MicroPCMs are a unique alternative to expensive refrigerated transport or messy dry ice. MicroPCMs can be incorporated into shipping containers for biomedical samples, pharmaceuticals, perishables, food, lab samples, etc.
MicroPCMs can be used, for example, in lasers to increase duty cycles, lap tops to increase battery life, and circuitry to impede overheating.
PCMs can be used in conjunction with solar heating and radiant heat flooring as a latent heat storage device.
Your driveway is the first impression guests receive when arriving at your home. For that reason, it’s essential that it looks great. It also needs to be robust and durable in order to handle vehicle traffic and keep on looking great for years to come. There’s only one product that can deliver both of these results, concrete.
Concrete is easy to color, shape and texturize. It’s also eco-friendly, incredibly durable and low maintenance. Concrete doesn’t shift or buckle like paved or brick driveways. The stamping process allows you to choose any design or pattern you like, creating a stamped concrete driveway that looks unique and elegant, yet durable. This procedure can be applied over an existing concrete driveway that is in fairly good condition to give your home an instantly updated look.
The sky is the limit when it comes to stamped concrete, so you can find anything from elegant, classic paving to wild designs in crazy colors. The most popular designs for stamped concrete include:
One of the most popular modern ways to use stamped concrete is to incorporate it throughout your outdoor home design. For example, you can have a seamless natural stone design that is replicated on your driveway, around your pool and on your patio.
All of these designs are exceptionally natural looking, as the templates they are created from are developed from molds of the exact material they are mimicking. Colors are expertly matched from the source material and added to the concrete to give you the variations and patterns that would naturally occur.
At Artistic Concrete in Miami, our expert teams are on hand to deliver high quality commercial, industrial and residential concrete flooring, including stamped concrete driveways. With over 30 years of industry experience and a reputation for excellence, we’re dedicated to providing each of our clients with custom solutions tailored to their exact specifications.
In addition to our stamped concrete services, we also offer resurfacing and restoration services as well as concrete pavers. To learn more about our expert services for driveways and residential spaces, please don’t hesitate to contact us today.
Not only will you get a free estimate with your consultation, Our representative will also conduct a complete evaluation of the area where you want to install the Concrete and recommend the best type and style to match your home’s landscaping and your budget.
View many works of art created digitally by artists from all around the world, including Al G Smith, right here: digital art for sale
"Bought" - The Movie Exposing Big Pharma fraud and busting vaccination myths, as well as exposing the vile underbelly of GMO peddlers! Watch 30 min Free online HERE
Symphony of the Soil Must see, released APRIL 2015, on DVD or watch online! The amazing living mantle of the soil can be rehabilitated literally to save the 'Earth'! Why the 'dirty tactics' of 'Big Agriculture' must stop!:
This film contains scenes that many (if not all) ought to find upsetting and disturbing -- and as such some parents may not wish their children to see it until they are deemed 'old enough' to understand what being 'inhumane' means!
Just a quick post, more for me to have a link to the video of this interesting and pretty amazing project, by Geoff Lawton, permaculture guru!
Posted on August 23, 2016 August 23, 2016 Categories General Interest, PermacultureTags Geoff Lawton, greening the desert, Permaculture
Turboden installed its first 500 kW Direct Exchange ORC downstream from a 7 MW Diesel engine in 2009. It has been solving direct heat exchange problems and creating solutions for medium temperature hot gases ever since. These solutions are centered around the bypassing of intermediate circuits which allows for improved performances, simpler schemes, and lower investment costs.
Source: http://www.nacleanenergy.com/articles/21490/turboden-provides-the-first-direct-heat-exchange-organic-rankine-cycle-solution-from-multiple-heat-sources
Kauai Vacation Rentals ® honors and provides an environment of Aloha Spirit, Integrity, Excellence, Joy and Willingness to serve. We are a global link to Paradise committed to the care and preservation of our Island home, Kauai, where dreams come true.
The Canyon Trail allows hikers to soak up the outdoor beauty found on the lush island of Kauai. Consistently ranked among the best hiking trails in Hawaii, it treats its visitors to jaw-dropping views of Waimea Canyon. About 10 miles long and more than 3,000-feet deep, famous American writer Mark Twain described what he saw as “the Grand Canyon of the Pacific.” The trail rewards hikers even more by ending up at the unique two-tier Waipoo Falls, which plunges nearly 800-feet into a gorge. On your next vacation to Kauai, put this trail in Kokee State Park on your list of things you must do!
People who visit Kauai often ask us where can they can see the world-famous Waimea Canyon from the best viewpoint. There are numerous lookouts on Highway 550 on the island’s western side if you’re wanting to stay close to your car. We invite you to experience this phenomenal canyon created by Mother Nature by hiking Canyon Trail.
The relatively easy 3.4-mile roundtrip trail offers more close up angles and views of the vast Waimea Canyon that the main overlooks simply can’t provide. Plus, it takes you right to the top of Waipoo Falls. This popular two to three-hour trek is a favorite among hikers, including families with children.
Make your way to the Puu Hinahina lookout and park there. A spur leads to the nearby trailhead. You can also park in a gravel lot near mile marker 14 on Highway 550. From the lookout there’s a nearby canopy of trees that will provide relaxing shade.
Once you start your hike you’ll almost immediately come across Cliff Trail. Take this short tenth of a mile offshoot to see an even more stunning view. The detour, which features handrails, pays off with sweeping views of Waimea Canyon’s vibrant red, and brown layers and lush green patches. Don’t be surprised if you see some goats along the way – they like hanging out in this area too.
Back on the Canyon Trail expect to view a unique combination of both tropical and desert environments. Few trails match the diversity of this spectacular trail. It is spotted with native plants, such as the iliau with long stalks and yellow flowers, pamakani with white buds and other native plants with delicate yellow, orange and pink flowers.
You eventually emerge from the tropical forest into a clearing where you can bask in the beauty of Waimea Canyon and its steep cliffs. On a clear day you may even see the ocean in the distance.
At the end of the trail, you will find yourself on the very top of Waipoo Falls. You can walk down a short distance and safely experience the power of Waipoo’s rushing waters that split into two cascading falls. While relaxing at the waterfall, you’ll be able to take in even more one-of-a-kind canyon sights.
Ready to leave the stress of everyday life behind and vacation on our beautiful island of Kauai? Reach out to Kauai Vacation Rentals toll free or visit our website and we can provide a relaxing place to stay in one of our numerous homes or condos across the island. Check our blog for highlights of the island that will help you get the most out of your trip here, such as hiking the Canyon Trail and the incredible sights of Waimea Canyon and Waipoo Falls.
All the latest news from King's Fool Productions with the latest information on ticket availability, upcoming shows, products and exclusive announcements.
IT'S CHRISTMAS! So naturally it's Golden Cleric time on Craggy Island! Dirty Words members Colin Hassard and Ashley Manners get trapped with Ted and Dougal in the Largest Lingerie Department in Ireland. Mrs Doyle gets a new, mechanical nemesis and Jack prepares for his own awards. Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
Here is a recently-discovered audience footage recorded at the White Bear in April 2014 of C.L.G. (Cúmann Luchthleas Gael), with James McAnespy and Paul Christian Rogers.
I am the host of Ecumenical Matters - The Father Ted Podcast which has been releasing episodes on a weekly basis since May and we are coming up to the end of our run. As part of our wrap up episode, we are have compiled a list of ten of our favourite episode and are polling fans of the show to tell us theirs. Just head to http://www.strawpoll.me/11565587/ and pick your favourite (no login required!).
Ecumenical Matters is hosted by writer and actor (and Father Dougal impersonator!) James McAnespy, with different guests from some of Belfast's best artists and musicians discussing each episode of the show. The podcast has been recorded mostly in James' central Belfast flat, but he has also recorded episodes in London, the Edinburgh Festival and a live recording at Culture Night.
Guests have included street artist Friz and her husband, Gerry Norman, lead singer of A Plastic Rose, performance poet and musician Colin Hassard, Comedy duo Victoria E Armstrong and David Doherty-Jebb, as well a host of other performers and writers from Belfast and beyond.
The podcast dove right into a controversy, by responding directly to Graham Linehan's distaste of tribute shows, which presenter James is an active practitioner of. During the episode covering the seminal episode Speed 3, James played a clip from Richard Herring's Leicester Square Theatre Podcast, releases a day before recording and responded to the creator's complaints.
Each week we break down episodes and try to give better context for viewers - especially viewers who wouldn't be familiar with the Irish & Catholic aspects of the show. A particular example is our detailing of Bishop Brennan's first appearance, and how it was directly inspired by the scandal of the real life Bishop of Galway who had a son in America, or we provide more context for Dougal's night wear, the Ireland football jersey and why it would have been important to him in the mid 1990s. Regular features include a running count of Mrs Doyle's 'Ah Go Ons', a 'Meet your Maker' where we spot appearances of writers Graham Linehan and Arthur Matthews in the show and we are trying to pick out a definitive top 5 over the course of the podcast.
The entire collection of the podcasts are available through Soundcloud (https://soundcloud.com/jamesimcanespy/sets/ecumenical-matters-the-father), iTunes, or your favourite podcast provider.
Just a quick trailer to let you know that we are currently holding a vote (in case you didn't have enough of those this year!) to find our listeners' FAVOURITE Father Ted episode, from our Top 5 Contenders. Head over to http://www.strawpoll.me/11565587/ to cast your vote (no need to sign up or anything!) If you feel we've overlooked an episode, tell us on http://Facebook.com/EcumenicalMatters - there's already some great comments up there! Also, don't forget to subscribe to the podcast on your favourite podcast device so you don't miss A Christmassy Ted (around 1st week of December), and the wrap-up episode where we reveal ours and your Top 5 episodes in January. Oh, and leave us a rating and review on iTunes (https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/ecumencial-matters-father/id1116660897?mt=2) to get more people to hear us!
Writers and producers Muireann McGinty and Dee Harvey dream big in the final ever episode of Father Ted! [sniff] After talking Tommy Tiernan off a ledge at a priest's convention Ted is seduced by visions of a glamourous life in America, but can he really leave Craggy Island and it's inhabitants behind? The episode takes a reflective tone towards the end, and we discuss Kevin Spacey's relative anonymity in 1998, the draw of magic America and Radiohead: depressing or not? Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
Kiel Cathers, lead singer of folk rock behemoths The Logues wards off the huddled masses of Eoin McLove fans in this hilarious send up of Daniel O’Donnell. Mrs Doyle is besotted when she wins a competition to have her beloved TV host Eoin McLove visit her, but she's not the only one on the island who wants to meet him. Dougal thinks he's very cheeky, Ted doesn't approve of his poetry tastes and Jack waxes lyrical on the nature of fandom. We also talk about treacherous male bonding games such as Eyeball Chicken and Killerball, fainting Michael Jackson fans and false rumours about Pope John Paul II.
LIVE EPISODE! We broadcast live from the Fenderesky Gallery on Belfast's North Street during Culture Night Belfast 2016 in front of an adorning audience and streamed to Facebook Live. All with the obligatory Craggy Island production values! After losing the bet to Dick Byrne in the Over 75s Football Challenge in the last episode, Ted has to kick Bishop Brennan up the arse to satisfy his forfeit. Dougal is on hand to document the kicking with photographic evidence, while Jack and Mrs Doyle have their own way of dealing with the world's most sarcastic priest. Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
Another Road Show! This time to Mexico. Well south of the (Ireland/UK) border in Letterkenny. Ted is embroiled in a high stakes bet with his hated rival Dick Byrne in the Annual All-Priests 5-a-Side Over 75 Indoor Football Challenge Match. Dougal's on a career break from being physio, in order to protect the corner flags. Jack downs a full bottle of Dreamy Sleepy Nighty Snoozy Snooze (banned in most European countries, so you know it's good), while Mrs Doyle rounds up a firm of fellow football converts for the terraces. We also discuss Amazon's toilet roll delivery service, lying in a confessional and there's a host of expertise offered by self-proclaimed Bikram Yoga Expert, Sean Treanor. Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
I don't believe it! Twenty episodes, so celebrate with actor Glenn Hamill and Vince! The Islanders take a day trip to the Mainland, despite Mrs Doyle's misgivings. Ted and Dougal meet Victor Meldrew from One Foot in the Grave, but learn very quickly that you should never meet your heroes. A hasty exit sends them to a sojourn into the Very Dark Caves, where they run into Noel Furlong. Mrs Doyle argues over a cheque and Jack's eyesight deceives him. We discuss the etiquette of Irish fighting, what made Bruce Willis a miserable scrote and we have a very deep (and controversial) discussion about the nature of offensive humour Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
PAT MUSTARD! Comedians Victoria E Armstrong and David Doherty-Jebb commandeer a milk float in this seminal episode. Randy milkman Pat Mustard has been getting Mrs Doyle all hot and bothered, and Ted doesn't like it. He organises a sting operation and the fallout has Dougal in charge of the milk run. Unfortunately, Pat has left a little surprise on it if Dougal's speed goes below 4 mph. Jack adopts a new pet brick that comes in useful later on. We also talk about Francophones misunderstanding Touts Out graffiti in Belfast, the virtues and follies of Mrs Brown's Boys (The Greatest British sitcom of the 21st Century according to Radio Times readers), ageing ferrets and officially respond to Graham Linehan's comments on Father Ted tribute shows. Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
Actor, writer and improv artist Michael Keane is at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, cowering from the menace of the Beast in this terrifying mystery episode. Ted's got in over his head, betting the entire heating allowance on Chris winning the King of the Sheep 1998, but Chris artistic temperament has been put askew by the howling of the beast. Everything is a bit askew as Mrs Doyle finally gets to use the sheep tea, Dougal takes up shoplifting and Jack temporarily feels the serenity of a leap year. We also delve into running the numbers at weddings, extreme artistic temperament, Yeats quotes and Tropical Birds in South East London. Fuckin' 'ell. Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
Belfast Comedy Writers Johnny Nicholl and Jonathan McCoy watch Ted insult a sixth of the world's population when he tries to impersonate a Chinese person. Dougal helps him come up with an idea, but he didn't realise there were a lot of small ideas after. Mrs Doyle uses a novel form of chiropractic after she falls off the roof and Jack develops agoraphobia.
We also fill in the cultural and historical gaps between seasons two and three, discuss the racism in Breakfast at Tiffanys, the Nazi marketing machine, how the Irish kids TV show The Den delayed the news EVERY DAY, and how hard it is to find black clothes (the regular shops shaft us every time!).
Gerry Norman of rock band A Plastic Rose and his wife, street artist Friz (Marian Noone), board a flight with us where everything goes wrong - what is it with rock stars and planes? Ted's fear of flying is justified after Dougal is given access to the cockpit and dooms the plane that they are on. Along with all the other priests on board, Ted must devise a way to distribute the two parachutes on board. Jack devises his own way, along with the drinks cart!
We also talk about maverick pilots and their handbrake turns, people's fake smiles, the influence of The Simpsons on the series and honeymoons to the Father Ted house! You're making a noise! Subscribe now to get a new episode every Sunday morning - just in time for Mass! Subscribe on iTunes (http://ift.tt/2aphoNk) or search for Father Ted on your favourite podcast provider and leave a comment on our Facebook page http://ift.tt/2a1ZUCW.
Lifelong Ted fan, Sean Treanor hosts the nightmarish Father Fintan Stack and his 3am jungle music, but at least he had his fun, and that's all matters. Jack's hairy hands has him stationed up in 'Jurassic Park', so Ted and Dougal have to entertain their new cereal-stealing housemate and Mrs Doyle manages to get her message above the din. We also talk about sports days, hairy hands, Blaxploitation cinema and Dougal getting drunk!
Lifelong Ted fan Eamonn Turbett joins in the giving things up competition, or sorry, the sacrifice to Our Lord (Arnold, who's Arnold?). After Father Dick Byrne lays down the challenge, Ted volunteers himself Dougal and Jack to give up their vices, while Mrs Doyle has a good miserable time on St Patrick's Hill.
Also in the sermon, we discuss the scourge of airhorns from the 90s, Opus Dei and their pain-is-the-cleanser ethos, and Pulp Fiction gimps.
Actress Lindsey Mitchell and prodigal son Vince (they all have lovely bottoms) are on the judging panel for The Lovely Girls. Ted's has the honour of picking the winner, who will have the honour of paying for dinner for him. Dougal has to house sit but fiery feminist rock star Niamh Connolly is in the property market. Jack takes up charity fraud, while Mrs Doyle shows her competency with power tools.
Todd Unctious has been up to no good again, and we discuss amateur stress testers, Sinead O'Connor and Delores O'Riordan's impact on the musical and cultural landscape, and Vince's on-stage escapades where he leaves his drum kit mid-set! Shoddy workmanship. Shoddy, shoddy workmanship.
DJ and musician Graham Harrison has to cure The Plague befalling Craggy Island, as the whole place is coming down with rabbits and Ted and Dougal desperately search for a ways to get rid of them - on the eve of Bishop Brennan's impromptu visit! Mrs Doyle puts her mechanic skills to use on Len's car, while Jack confuses his rodents.
Also in the Sermon, we try to imagine the Islanders as characters on Police Academy, rabbit stories - cute AND creepy, which fictional serial killer Tom is most like and did Father Ted invent a horror trope? It's just a bad dream, Your Grace.
Composer and musician Marty Devine serenades us through Craggy Island's melodious tribute to Eurovision. Ted and Dougal go through some creative differences, but emerge with the classic My Lovely Horse (well, the lyrics at least). Jack's drinks cabinet has got a very expensive new addition and Mrs Doyle's brutally honest critiques would do well on the Judges panel of X Factor.
Dick Byrne is at his conniving best, and we pay tribute to Caroline Ahearne, who had died earlier on the day we were recording. Marty takes us through some of his songwriting process (Don't Play the f**king first note - the f**king first note is already f**king down!) We speak about the lasting impact of having a gay couple on TV not doing anything gay, try to translate Fred Rickwood's gibberish, contemplate World War 4 - celebrity superfans and LSD Communion.
Donny Kingston, up and coming stand up on Belfast's comedy circuit, helps unravel the mystery of the stolen whistle and stave off complete societal breakdown on Craggy Island. It's just a whistle!
Dougal's finds a cool new friend in Father Damo, and gets to show off his football tekkers. Ted tries to relax on a picnic site, but unfortunately he runs in to a couple of fupping baxters. Mrs Doyle is on night duty and Jack displays his ninja skills with a couple of bottles of Jacob's Creek Chardonnay 1991.
There's another score in our Meet Your Maker feature, so who is that shows up, Graham or Arthur? Larry Duff actually answers his phone! It's not good news though. The Blur/Oasis rivalry gets a sermon (remember Feile 95? What a line up!), as does Street Fighter 2; bad piercings and Belfast's murals and checkpoints.
Father Ted is one of the most iconic shows in Irish TV history, or as James McAnespy put it while hosting the latest episode of Ecumenical Matters - The Father Ted Podcast, it is now an artefact of Irish culture.
In the weekly podcast, released every Sunday (just in time for Mass), James gathers a new guest or two from Northern Ireland's rich arts scene to do a full run down of each episode of the legendary show. Previous guests have been poet Colin Hassard (find his work here), games streamer Vincent Kettle (@flimosh on Beam.pro), vlogger Derm McGuigan (Youtube channel), improv artist Marcus Keeley (@MarcusKeeley) and many more.
There are nine episodes available, with more to follow each week, so check out the full set on SoundCloud, or subscribe on iTunes, Stitcher, aCast, PodcastAddict or your favourite podcast platform.
In Episode 9 - Tentacles of Doom, London Comedy Writers members Olly Allsop (Soundcloud and Jordan Birch (@JordanBirch attend the upgrading of the Holy Stone of Clonrickert to a Class 2 Relic. Hosting three bishops on the island is going to be the highlight of Mrs Doyle's career, but unfortunately she's lost her contact lenses. Dougal philosophises on the nature of Heaven and Hell and all that, while Ted has to bring Jack through a few elocution lessons ("Th-th-th-that...").
We also share our own Gary Lineker Ghost Stories, the mechanics of Buckaroo (The Sport of Kings), and Dougal's Bjork obsession. It's a Priest thing, you wouldn't understand.
I figured it might be a good idea to add a regular feature to this website, if for no other reason than it guarantees at least one post per week during those droughts when I feel lazy and don't want to be a critic. So, songs of the week, and in no particular order - this week there are five, next week there could be three or there could be 117. Check in next Tuesday for more!
1. I Will Survive (Cover) - Cake (I might actually like this cover better than Gloria Gaynor's (apparently not quite) superlative original.
2. In A Market, Dimly Lit - mewithoutYou (Everybody knows it - I'm a sucker for mwY, what can I say?)
3. Always New Depths - Bloc Party (My favorite Bloc Party song, by far. Shame it never got a proper album release...)
5. I'm Leaving On A Jet Plane - Peter, Paul & Mary (I just left home for three months earlier this week, cut me some slack.)
Broken Social Scene's 2002 release You Forgot It In People is an indie rock milestone. This Toronto collective has fina---
How boring. There are so many more interesting things to write about: college, love, hate, war, revolution, Brazillian electroclash, and fatigue from sexiness.
Donkey is such an unattractive name for an album. I don't get it. Ass? Jackass? Asshole? Anal bum covers? Darryl Hammond is a God. They say that when you get writer's block you should just keep writing and writing and writing...
...until it sticks. Maybe I should put on the record too, that might help. That tells you something big right off the bat: I'm not inclined enough to listen to Donkey, even just to review it, without having to force myself. I don't like new CSS. I don't like new CSS. They're tired of being sexy, I'm tired of CSS.
I was originally dreading the composition of this review because of what, at the time, appeared to be the utter mediocrity of this release – it appears this characterization was an utter mistake. I can’t even begin to describe my frustration as this CD began to crumble under its own weight upon repeated listens...(Read the full review at The Silent Ballet)
I load La Estulticia del Cognicidio, Waiting Room’s latest album, into my iTunes playlist, and about a minute into the opening track Tites Tites, I am struck by three things:
Unfortunately, the drums are ultimately washed out by a tidal wave of guitar distortion, and the humor of breasts almost being in the title quickly wears thin. But that whole Indian Summer…thing, well, I think I might be onto something there...(Read the full review at The Silent Ballet)
Sorry for the recent drought, I've been busy packing my life into boxes for college, but in the next week, rest assured there will be reviews of Broken Social Scene Presents: Brendan Canning, Cansei de Ser Sexy, Waiting Room, and Autumn Chorus (and probably some more too!).
Until then, feel free to steal a copy of the late, great indie darlings Some By Sea's first album, Get Off The Ground If You're Scared.
This section presents free apps for Prestigio MultiPad 7.0 Prime. This list will only match the system requirements with the device and is not exactly a guarantee of compatibility. Register and comment on the news, ask questions, participate actively in the life of the site. We regularly publish apps for Prestigio MultiPad 7.0 Prime, so you can constantly update your smartphone best news!
In the name of our lord, our savior, our grand bishop Belenus, Bishop is a guild in Phoenix created to honor our leader.
Being the worshiper of Belenus, we dedicate our souls to offer our leader what he deserves. Glory, hope, and cookies!
Aside from that, Bishop is meant to be a laid-back and friendly guild where everyone is free to do what they want.
Bishop was created by Bermuda, an admin of the Aura Kingdom Wiki, who faithfully believes in Belenus. Another admin of the wiki, Kyara, who also believes in Belenus, decided to join the cult to pray for our savior, Belenus.
On 2017-01-15, the Grand Bishop left the cult in favor of another guild. The one to pass on the torch is no other than Kyara, the Archbishop.
Our emblem symbolizes the chess piece Bishop. No, we don't walk diagonally, but we'll gladly take over your spot.
Only English is allowed in the guild chat. Other languages should be taken elsewhere i.e in Party chat.
No begging. Asking favors and joking about it is fine, but please do so in a friendly manner and take consideration to the other party.
Bishop accepts anyone who wants to join. The only requirement is having the faith of worshiping the great Belenus!
To directly contact Bishop's cult of believers, feel free to send mail, whisper or leave a message here on the wiki to our founders:
Heart and Hope Place offers twenty-four mixed income apartments in a new four-story elevator building that includes indoor parking, a community room, fitness room, business center, in-unit laundry and private balconies with spectacular views of Milwaukee’s striking skyline. The project is the first of a series of developments undertaken with partner Melissa Goins as part of a mentorship program to build capacity with local minority developers. Heart and Hope Place is positioned along a key commercial corridor to help spur the ongoing revitalization of the area. Download Pdf
The Bristol and Bath Railway Path is a shared space to be used by pedestrians, disabled people and cyclists with consideration for all
Cyclists - please pass pedestrians and disabled people slowly and carefully, and warn them by bell or voice if they haven't seen you.
The Avon Frome Partnership of Bristol City Council, South Gloucestershire Council and Bath & North East Somerset Council does its best to resolve problems as soon as they arise. If you find a problem, please report it – sometimes your reports are what draws the necessary attention to resolving it.
By tradition the family Fielding could be traced back to the Habsburgs. Father, Colonel Edward Fielding had served under John Churchill, Duke of Marlborough. His mother was the daughter of a judge and inherited substantial property.
1728: He studies at classics and law at Leiden University in Holland. “Love in Several Masques” is performed for the first time at the Drury Lane Theatre, London.
1732: His first prose essay “The Benefit of Laughing” is published anonymously in Mist’s Weekly Journal. He often wrote for the Tory periodicals under a pseudonym especially “Captain Hercules Vinegar”.
1737: Last performance of a play by Fielding at the Haymarket Theatre “The End of an Era”. He is admitted to the Middle Temple to prepare to become a Barrister. The Theatrical Licensing Act was passed and some attribute this to the effect of Fielding’s satires. He retired from the theatre to study law.
1742: “The History of the Adventures of Joseph Andrews and of His Friend Mr. Abraham Adams” is first published. It is felt to be his first serious novel. First performance of “Miss Lucy in Town at the Drury Lane Theatre.
1746: Fielding appointed as High Steward of the New Forest by the Duke of Bedford. “the True Patriot” ceases publication after Bonnie Prince Charlie is defeated at the Battle of Culloden.
Plaque describing famous residents of old Bow Street including Fielding (Left) The old Bow Street Magistrates court (Right) (copyright Anthony Blagg)
1749: “The History of Tom Jones” is published and goes on to sell 10,000 copies in its first year. Becomes Chairman of the Westminster Sessions ands make suggestions on how to improve policing.
1750: Henry Fielding organises the “Bow Street Runners” who become the first modern police force. Opens the Universal Register Office.
1751: Overseas the trial of James Field, a notorious criminal and sentenced him to hang. Going increasingly blind Fielding was known as “The Blind Beak of Bow Street” by the criminal classes.
1752: Publication of the last edition of “The Covent Garden Journal” which he had started under the pseudonym of “Sir Alexander Drawcansir, Knt. Censor of Great Britain”.
1754: Fielding leaves London for Lisbon in June in search of a cure for his ill health. He was suffering from asthma and gout and needed crutches to get about.
1745: “A Serious Address to the People of Great Britain on the possible dangers of the Jacobite Rebellion”, “A Dialogue between the Devil, the Pope, and the Pretender”
2. 1747 to Mary Daniel, his former wife’s maid and cook who was six month’s pregnant, which was to prove very controversial in society.
Britain Unlimited covers 250 of the greatest and most influential Britons who ever lived. (Full List) It tells you what they did, where they went and what they achieved so that you too can follow in their footsteps.
You can also find a great deal of other information about Great Britain on the site, such as museums, societies, great houses and travel details. Please see the menus at the top of the page.
It is the 200th anniversary of Mary Shelley, publishing the iconic horror story "Frankenstein". She was a writer of much more as well as being a significant player in the Romantic Movement. Read about her here.
It's 100 years this November 11th when the First World War came to an end. Britian Unlimited has several pages on characters from this period including Wilfred Owen, Paul Nash and Siegfried Sassoon.
It is also a 100 years since some women got the vote in Great Britain. You might be interested in the stories of Emmeline Pankhurst and her daughter Christabel.
Are you watching the adaptation of "Vanity Fair" on the television? You might want to find out more about its author William Makepeace Thackeray. Read about him here.
Additional Names I Prime Ministers I Ages at Death of Characters I About Us I Cookies I Disclaimers I Privacy Policy
This website does not collect any personal data. Cookies are merely used to track which pages are most popular. more information
9 Answers (question resolved) - Posted in: wellbutrin, depression, anxiety - Answer: Hello outsidesue. I agree with Delila. As far as working as an ... Valium (diazepam) withdrawal can last for weeks. Why? Valium is a benzodiazepine. It used to provide short term relief for anxiety and has been used to help to ... I have been prescribed 5mg of valium to help with my anxiety/depressed state. The doctor suggested 1 tablet at bedtime and 1/4 during the day as needed. I understand that both are benzos. What I dont understand is the negative response I get when I ask my doctor for valium but he is quick to administer xanax with no ... Xanax can cause depression. It's good for anxiety, but many taking it for anxiety will experience depression on it, too. Best of luck. Valium is a drug with a long track record in treating anxiety and many other conditions, including bipolar disorder. Learn its risks and benefits.
I am on klonopin for anxiety and panic attacks and it does not work. Trying to find out whether xanax or valium will be the best for me. i thank you for any help I have been on Wellbutrin for at least a year now, and I can honestly say that it has helped more than any other med I've tried. I too tried Lexapro and had very ... Depression: up-to-date and research-based information on depression from the Royal College of Psychiatrists Valium has dangerous side effects. Are there natural alternatives to Valium that are safe and effective? The answer is YES. Here are 10 natural substitutes.
What are the effects of mixing Valium and alcohol? Is Valium overdose possible? Mixing Valium with alcohol effects and risks here. Combining any two substances can have devastating effects on the user, but combining a sedative like Valium and alcohol is extremely dangerous. Learn the dangers of mixing Valium and alcohol. What are some Valium and alcohol effects? Find out today & seek help if you're struggling with addiction! The effects of mixing Xanax and alcohol can enhance relaxation and euphoria. But you can also die from Xanax overdose if you mix alcohol with Xanax. More here
A Dangerous Duo: The Impact of Valium and Alcohol on the Body and Mind. Typically how long does it take for 5 lorazepam to work an overdose on Valium will not lead to a fatality (though in some instances it can ...
Discover the risks of mixing Valium with depressants and stimulants in this article. If you need help with Valium addiction is lorazepam related to valium contact Black Bear Lodge today. Mixing alcohol and medicines puts you at risk for dangerous reactions. Protect yourself by avoiding alcohol if you are taking a medication and don't know its effect ... Mixing alcohol and Suboxone, a medication used to treat opioid dependence and addiction, is very dangerous. If you are taking Suboxone in order to end your abuse of ... Health 14 Common Medicines You REALLY Shouldn't Mix With Alcohol You do like having a functioning liver, right? From organs to limbs to faces, the world has seen many types of transplants. Here are the 9 most interesting transplants medical professionals have ever completed.
Valentine s Day Dessert Recipes Love is in the air with these chocolates, cheesecakes, and other sweet, Valentine s Day desserts 25+ sweet gifts for him for valentine s day - here s a fun list of valentine s day gifts for him that will let hime know you care american harley-davidson®, located in north tonawanda, ny, near buffalo, new york, offers a large selection of quality, new and used harley-davidson® motorcycles.
Valentines Day ideas is a dedicated blog for Valentine Day, quotes, wishes, valentine Week, SMS, Status, images, messages and gift ideas here are some top valentine s day love, romance and humour quotes that can further brighten up your day.
Romantic chocolates and Valentine s Day gift ideas for your loved one it is the traditional day on which people express their love for each other by.
The story of Valentine s Day begins in the third century with an oppressive Roman emperor and a humble Christian Martyr on popsugar sex & culture you will find everything you need on love, culture and valentine s day.
Read our ideas on how to make Valentine s Day a great celebration of your love valentine s day poems and sayings.
Valentine s Day is a day to celebrate love, the most beautiful feeling in the world experience godiva s collection of valentine s day chocolate gifts and give a gourmet chocolate gift from belgium to that special someone today.
Valentine s Day information, facts, history, activities, puzzles, and poetry find the best value on valentine s day flowers this season.
Valentine s Day is the perfect time to express your love to your family in the most extraordinary way discover valentine’s day ideas from the uk’s best creative businesses.
The softball highlight film finally has ended for Mount Hebron High School's Dawn Thomas, and what a movie it has been.
This year, Thomas decided to try pitching. All she did was toss three no-hitters and give the Vikings stability at their most questionable position.
Combining her prowess at the plate and on the mound, Thomas -- The Howard County Sun's Player of the Year -- led Hebron to a 14-6 season, its best spring since 1988.
The Vikings finishedin a second-place tie in the county standings before winning a regional championship and heading to the Class 2A state tournament. The Vikings lost in the semifinals to Damascus (Montgomery County), but that disappointment couldn't dim the accomplishments of Thomas.
Thomas, an imposing, right-handed hitter, certainly mastered high school pitching. In her final regular season, shehit .475 with a team-high four home runs, a team-high 29 RBI and an incredible .803 slugging average. She also scored 23 runs.
Fourteen of her 29 hits went for extra bases. In addition to her homers, oneof which was a booming, two-run, seventh-inning shot that beat Glenelg 5-4 last month -- several coaches still talk about it -- Thomas belted nine doubles and a triple.
She racked up eight multiple-hit games in the regular season while going hitless in only two of 17. Shehit for the cycle in He
Thomas didn't show nearly as much pitching polish, but she still gave Hebron an excellent season. In 110 regular-season innings, she gave up 67 hits, walked 57, struck out 135 and had an ERA of 1.69. Her control improved steadily as the season progressed.
Thomas, who is headed to Catonsville Community College, wound up her four-year Hebron career with 106 RBI.
"If I was starting a team, she would be my first pick," said Howard High coach Dave Vezzi. "No doubt about it."
Gov. Parris N. Glendening's recent appointment of Paul Rudolph of Severna Park to fill the District 33 seat on the Anne Arundel County school board is most welcome in these challenging times when county officials are searching for the proper balance between meeting school needs and facing budget realities.
More than ever, Anne Arundel County needs a unified school board that can establish, articulate and execute public education policy in this difficult environment. I see Mr. Rudolph's appointment as a valuable contribution to that effort.
Mr. Rudolph was one of three able candidates who was evaluated by delegates from 76 non-profit organizations in Anne Arundel County during the annual School Board Nominating Convention this past May. It is noteworthy that he won the support not only of the convention, but also of County Executive John Gary and the governor. With such wide acclaim as the most qualified candidate, Mr. Rudolph is well positioned to join the dedicated volunteers already serving on the board.
The challenge to our school system will not end this year. Our county needs to continue to improve its process of public debate on emerging issues and the screening by delegates of qualified candidates. This process worked well and produced sound results this year. I hope that more of our best citizens will be encouraged to come forward as school board candidates and convention delegates in the future.
We were pleased to see your July 3 editorial, "A community celebration," noting the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra's rare appearance in Anne Arundel County.
As Severna Park residents and Baltimore Symphony subscribers, we want to thank everyone involved who provided that great start to our Independence Day festivities. Now that the holiday is over, we can say that nothing surpassed that initial kickoff.
Among those who deserve thanks from all 4,000 who attended are: the Cultural Arts Foundation of Anne Arundel County, Bell Atlantic, Northrop Grumman, Anne Arundel Community College and Anne Arundel County Executive John Gary.
Anne Arundel countians are fortunate to have Meyerhoff Hall so close, a fact that contributes to our representing the fourth-largest group of BSO subscribers and the third-largest group of single-ticket purchasers. We also learned from BSO's Diana Schramm that our students are well-represented in the symphony's Side by Side program for talented youngsters.
While the BSO is Maryland's greatest cultural treasure, we are doubly blessed to have an amazing array of talent in Annapolis. Few cities its size can boast of a ballet company, a choral arts group and a fine symphony orchestra, as well as the Crabtowne Big Band and gifted pianist Stef Scaggiari.
Let us hope that Mr. Gary will be able to keep his promise and bring us such magnificent music on all our future Fourths.
I know this sounds stupid, but why can't they play football in Camden Yards? We could save a lot of money.
The Sun published an article June 16 contrasting the governments in Anne Arundel County and the city of Annapolis.
As a former mayor of Annapolis, I want to add something that was left out of your analysis: the tremendous contribution that Alderman Carl C. Snowden has made to Annapolis.
Mr. Snowden, who is in his third term on the City Council, chairs its two most important standing committees: finance and economic matters. He has led the battle in reducing property taxes on city residents for three consecutive years.
He has demonstrated fiscal responsibility coupled with a social conscience. It would be erroneous for your readers to conclude that he has not been an effective legislator. In fact he is one of the brightest and more articulate members to serve on the City Council.
Mr. Snowden's integrity and intelligence has made him a leader in our city. I believe that he is mayoral timber and will be an effective chief executive officer. His maturity over the last
decade has been remarkable. I applaud his legislative skills and has ability to form coalitions with citizens. He has my backing.
I recently read a letter in my homeowners' association newsletter about Rep. Ben Cardin's pro-small business plan. It seems Mr. Cardin has proposed a broad new bill of increased regulations designed to give the appearance of help for small business.
The kind of help that has come from Mr. Cardin and the Capitol Hill crowd in the past for small business is the kind of help I think we all would be better off without.
Courtney moved from Maryland 10 years ago and is back in town this week for a wedding. Instead of being stuck by a fireplace as she had in winters past, yesterday Courtney sat on a bench by the water basking in the sunlight and record high temperatures. She was hardly alone.
The dock at Annapolis had a summer feel, as did Harborplace in Baltimore. Golfers flocked to the links. College students sprawled on their campus quads and broke out the flying discs and hacky sacks.
"We've been gone for a long time, and this feels like the weather we have now" in Florida, Courtney said. "This is the place you want to be on a day like this. It's very pretty. It brings back a lot of memories. It feels nice to be back home again."
Courtney's timing was impeccable. The temperature reached a high of 73 degrees in Baltimore yesterday, breaking the previous high of 69 degrees set in 1951. According to the National Weather Service, the average February high temperature in Baltimore is about 44 degrees and the average low is about 26.
But January and February have been much warmer than usual, with January temperatures surging into the 60s several times.
So rather than eat lunch in the cafeteria, a group of elementary school students carried their Barbie and Barney lunch boxes to the lawn around St. Anne's Church in downtown Annapolis to enjoy the weather. A rousing game of duck-duck-goose followed.
Almost every shop door was propped open to capture the gentle breeze. The sea gulls by the water congregated around children with bread scraps as if they hadn't been fed in months. The bathing suits and surfboards in a store window looked oddly appropriate. The birds seemed to chirp a bit louder.
Tim Hutcherson, manager of the Ben and Jerry's ice cream store near the water, said he can only remember a handful of winter days this pleasant, and he hopes to profit from it.
"We've definitely done a little better than usual," Hutcherson said. "We expect to do very good by the time we close today. Usually weekdays aren't so good in the winter. It's tough to be stuck in here, but I'll get my chance to enjoy the weather."
Hutcherson can thank a high pressure system that moved north from the Gulf Coast for yesterday's sales increase. The lingering system should keep temperatures in the lower 50s for the next few days.
That's not such good news for Jennifer Curreri, who has the challenge of trying to sell coffee at a Vaccaro's stand in Harborplace. Curreri seemed to have more requests for bottled water than hot coffee yesterday. Trouble is she doesn't sell bottled water.
"This is definitely slow," she said. "I'd much rather be in here on days when it's busy than have nothing to do and not be able to enjoy it outside."
If the waterfalls on Pratt Street were running and a crowd was cheering at Camden Yards, it could have passed for a summer day downtown.
People were piled in line waiting to enjoy summer seafood cuisine at Phillips. Benches, wall tops and steps were full with workers enjoying their lunch in the breeze. Three blenders loaded with fruit shakes were churning at once to accommodate the crowd.
Charles Wilson was one of many extending their lunch break to take in the scenery. Wilson said he normally works out in the afternoon but couldn't pass up a chance to sip a soda and gaze at the harbor from the second-floor of the Light Street Pavilion.
"You can put the groundhog back in the ground, this is spring," Wilson said. "You have to take advantage of weather like this. But it's a mixed thing when you start to think about it.
"We must have really messed up the environment to have the seasons this sporadic. It's terrific weather, but it's kind of sad when you think about it."
Said Fred Gadomski, a meteorologist at Pennsylvania State University: "Nothing about the weather patterns, when I analyze them, makes me say, 'Oh my god, I can't believe it.' It's just a warm southwesterly flow.
"That it has been mild this winter compared to last winter is stunning, but it's not going be one of the mildest winters ever."
Towson State senior Mike Gately was sitting in class watching students flock to "the beach," an outdoor hangout in the center of campus. Eventually, Gately got sick of watching his shorts-wearing peers frolic in the sunlight and decided to have some fun of his own. Gately blew off his last class and headed for the greens.
"I was getting spring fever just looking out the window," Gately said. "After a while I couldn't take it anymore. Sometimes you have to make a stand. Golf or class? It's not that hard of a decision."
Rufus E. Mitchell, who owned a tuxedo rental shop and managed an Anne Arundel County beach for African-Americans in the era of racial segregation, died Tuesday at his Ashburton home of heart failure. He was 93.
Born and raised in Jacksonville, Fla., Mr. Mitchell moved to Baltimore more than 65 years ago and lived on Druid Hill Avenue. He was briefly a chef at area restaurants, and from 1944 to 1946 served in the Army at Fort Meade.
In 1956, he opened his first business, a dry-cleaning shop at McCulloh and Laurens streets that he later named Valet Formal Rental. Family members said he had contracts with city high schools, including Douglass and Dunbar, to outfit students for proms and graduations. He later opened a branch in Mondawmin Mall. He retired in 2000.
In the 1950s, he was general manager of Carr's Beach, a summer resort near Annapolis owned by African-American business interests in Baltimore.
Situated next to Sparrow's Beach, another segregated summer place, Carr's featured a Ferris wheel, a merry-go-round and an open-air dance pavilion for the musical acts that Mr. Mitchell booked. On a busy Sunday, about 2,000 people would pay to hear the artists he signed.
"He'd bring in James Brown, Otis Redding or Sam Cooke," said his stepson, Nathaniel Alston of Baltimore. "He was a warmhearted person who took care of his artists. His musicians really respected him. Otis always used to call him `Old Soul' or `Old Dude.' The performers knew when he booked them, they didn't have anything to worry about."
Mr. Mitchell also managed the 20-acre property. He oversaw a small amusement park and ran the concessions. His musical events were regularly broadcast live by a close friend, Charles W. "Hoppy" Adams Jr., on radio station WANN-AM.
"Rufus booked any artist that hit the Top 10," said Mr. Adams, of Annapolis. "He had all the stars - the Temptations, Four Tops, the Supremes, Aretha Franklin, Ruth Brown. I've seen buses come up from North Carolina, the Delmarva Peninsula and of course Baltimore and Washington. The traffic would be backed up along the roads into Carr's."
In September 1956, Mr. Mitchell attracted attention by bringing former world heavyweight champ Joe Louis to train and do exhibition rounds at the beach.
Family members said that after desegregation, the popularity of Carr's Beach declined, and it closed in the 1970s.
Survivors also include his wife of 30 years, the former Lorraine Turner; a daughter, Janet Hall of Baltimore; and three grandchildren. Another daughter, Frances Mitchell, died in 1981.
Harbor Boulevard: Vehicle burglary, assault and battery were reported in the 1800 block at 1:37 a.m. Friday.
West Wilson Street and Fairview Road: Possession of a controlled substance was reported at 9:35 p.m. Friday.
Orange Avenue: A woman was reported missing in the 2600 block at 4 a.m. Saturday. She was found in the 2500 block of Elden Avenue at 7:30 a.m. Saturday.
Jamboree Road and Santa Barbara Drive: Traffic collision with injuries was reported at 4:21 p.m. Friday.
Drake, a stockbroker at E.F. Hutton & Co. Inc.'s Orlando office, stays informed because world events can affect her clients' investments. For example, stock prices of oil companies rise or fall depending on the decisions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
In her automated office, however, Drake does not read newspapers. She simply pushes a few buttons and information appears on her computer screen.
''News will hit after the stock market closes,'' Drake said. ''That gives us a chance to talk with our clients before the market opens the next day.'' Drake is among thousands of American workers who read the news and conduct research via computers.
Dialog's 70,000 customers include the nation's largest corporations, law firms, doctors and companies in the aerospace, agricultural, electronics and pharmaceutical industries.
Dialog's fees to new clients range from $145 to $175. Research fees range from $35 to $100 an hour, depending on the information used. Bibliographic Retrieval Service in Latham, N.Y., and SDC in Santa Monica, Calif., offer services similar to Dialog.
Drake's office subscribes to one of Dialog's competitors, Dow Jones News /Retrieval in New York, a subsidiary of Dow Jones & Co. News/Retrieval offers more than 40 data bases, including documents filed at the Securities and Exchange Commission, current and historic stock prices and the full text of The Wall Street Journal, which is published by Dow Jones.
Costs vary depending on the kind of customer. Initial fees range from $29.95 to $49.95. Some customers pay subscription fees of $95 a year.
Others pay $50 a month. The annual maintenance fee of $12 does not apply to everyone. For most customers, using the system costs 20 cents to 90 cents a minute.
Dow Jones News/Retrieval's 235,000 clients include banks, brokerages, insurance companies, large corporations, private investors and small businesses.
News/Retrieval has evolved from Dow Jones News Service, which dispenses up-to-the-minute financial news via printers and computers. Like other wire services, Dow Jones News Service prints news and financial information on paper.
News/Retrieval has been available since 1974. The news service has existed since 1882 -- seven years before The Wall Street Journal was first published. Financial institutions, large corporations and newspapers make up the majority of customers subscribing to Dow Jones News Service. The service costs $576 a month via printers and $776 a month via computers.
Mary Smith, library services director for Akerman, Senterfitt & Eidson, a law firm in Orlando, uses computerized information from Westlaw, a division of West Publishing Co. in St. Paul, Minn.
Through Westlaw, Smith has access to opinions and decisions of federal and state courts. She also can obtain federal regulations and administrative rulings from the SEC and the Internal Revenue Service.
Smith also uses Lexis, a product of Mead Data Central in Dayton, Ohio, -- Westlaw's main competitor. Lexis offers legal research.
Users of Lexis also have access to other Mead data bases, including Medis, which features medical information, and Nexis, which provides the full text of 150 news publications, including The New York Times and The Christian Science Monitor.
Walt Disney Co.'s Epcot theme park in Orlando features Nexis and Dow Jones/News Retrieval as part of its technology display.
Lexis has about 180,000 clients -- mostly lawyers and business executives. Subscription fees range from $50 to $125 a month. Using the system costs $30 to $35 an hour. An extra $7 to $23 an hour is charged depending on the information used.
The University of Central Florida's library subscribes to H.W. Wilson, SDC, Viewtext and Dialog, said librarian Meg Scharf. For a fee, the library conducts research on those data bases for the public. The average research charge is $50 to $75, Scharf estimated.
Customers include advertising agencies, law firms, doctors and small business owners. ''Some of the most interesting searches I've done have been for people who need to make a speech,'' Scharf said.
CompuServe Inc. in Columbus, Ohio, claims to have more subscribers than any other company providing computerized information. CompuServe's 280,000 subscribers, who include individuals as well as businesses, have access to more than 400 data bases.
CompuServe's information is not especially conducive to academic research but, rather, is broad-based in nature, according to a company spokesman.
Customers can reserve airline flights, order merchandise, read the news and play computer games on CompuServe. The company's initial fee is $39.95 and hourly research fees range from $6 to $12.50.
Steven R. Ernst has joined Cabot, Cabot & Forbes to handle leasing at Heathrow International Business Center at Heathrow, a mixed-use community being developed in central Seminole County.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold Auer, Orlando, announce the engagement of their daughter, Lori Ann Gordon, to Mark Stewart Ebersold, Alexandria, Va., son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ebersold, Burlington, Conn. The wedding is Oct. 25. The bride-elect graduated from Colonial High, Orlando. Her fiance graduated from University of Connecticut, Storrs.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Myrick, Longwood, announce the engagement of their daughter, Suzanne Elizabeth, to David Ray Simpson, son of Bobby R. Simpson, St. Cloud, and Mrs. Madra E. Prater, Casselberry. The wedding is Aug. 9. The bride-elect graduated from Lake Brantley High, Altamonte Springs, and Florida State University, Tallahassee. Her fiance graduated from Lake Brantley High, Altamonte Springs, and attends University of Central Florida, Orlando.
Since I derive most of my life lessons from reading murder mysteries, I am reminded of a mystery by Marcia Muller, Listen to the silence. The heroine, Sharon McCone, turns her prodigious investigative talent to researching her own background. As she interviews family members, her significant other, also a heavy-duty detective, says, "Listen to the silence."
He meant, "When someone answers a question, don't just listen to what's said. Listen for the pauses, the silences in what they say."
As I listen to clients, I've decided that we need to listen to the messages sent by our bodies, our friends and family, and what some would call "the universe" -- our environment. As business people, we need to listen to our customers.
Considering a move to a new location and find yourself feeling like, "I don't belong here?" Going to a big job interview and feeling that everything you say is coming out all wrong? Well, pay attention!
In Finding Your Own North Star, Martha Beck claims the one quality shared by all successful people is a willingness to listen to their intuition.
In The Gift of Fear, Gavin de Becker tells us our intuition can keep us from becoming crime victims.
Intuition is not woo-woo. It's not about crystal balls -- it's about claiming your power. Some researchers believe that intuition originates in specific portions of the human brain.
Intuition doesn't come out of nowhere. The more information you have about a situation, the more helpful your intuition will be.
There are only a few times to heed well-meaning unsolicited advice. When Tony Soprano says, "This game isn't for you," pay attention. When the police officer says, "Slow it down," that's a good idea too. But most of the time, listen for subtle messages from whatever crosses your path.
Cathy Goodwin, Ph.D., is an author, speaker and career/business consultant, helping midlife professionals take their First step to a Second Career. http://www.cathygoodwin.com.
Concluding 3 p.m. today; ELCO Performing Arts Center, 410 S. Main St., Elkhart; (574) 293-4469 or www.elcotheatre.com; $. 2 p.m. today, 8 p.m. Wednesday, 2 and 8 p.m. Thursday, 8 p.m. Friday, 2 and 8 p.m. Saturday, 2 p.m. Nov. 30 (through Dec. 31); Round Barn Theatre, Amish Acres, Nappanee; (800) 800-4942 or www.amishacres.com; $. By Footlight Players; 8 p.m. CST Fridays and Saturdays and 2 p.m. Sundays through Dec. 7; Footlight Players Theatre, 1705 Franklin St., Michigan City; (219) 874-4035 or www.footlightplayers.org; $. By Chicago Street Theatre; 2:30 p.m. CST today, 7 p.m. Friday, 11 a.m. and 2:30 p.m. Saturday, 2 p.m. Nov. 30 (through Dec. 20); 154 W. Chicago St., Valparaiso, Ind.; (219) 464-1636; $. By South Bend Civic Theatre; 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, 3 p.m. Nov. 30 (through Dec. 20); 403 N. Main St., South Bend; (574) 234-1112; $. Deadline to submit information to The List: Weekend Edition, listings in Sunday's Intermission section or for Web listings is Today, one week in advance of publication. Information will be kept on file for one month. Send to: Karen Rallo, Features Department, South Bend Tribune, 225 W. Colfax Ave., South Bend, IN 46626, or e-mail to: Krallo@sbtinfo.com. No information will be taken over the phone. Inclusion at editor's discretion.
AIM Member Janet Granger is having a competition to launch her new Facebook page 'Janet Granger Dollhouse Embroidery'.
Just visit her page here: https://www.facebook.com/janetgrangerdesigns to like the page and share the post, and you can be in with a chance of winning a £15 voucher to spend on Janet's website for miniature needlepoint kits and charts.
This month our issue of the AIM imag is yet again packed with a wide variety of projects for you ALL to enjoy - and as ever all downloadable for FREE!
Do the dolls in your doll’s house have a handbag obsession?! Does your doll’s house need that ‘lived in’ look that can be created by placing personal belongings in the rooms? These little clutch bags could be just what you’re looking for. Janet Granger has just launched these cute little kits for you to make - they are quick to stitch, and easy to assemble. With six patterns to choose from, there is bound to be a suitable design for you to make, so that the dolls in your doll’s house have just the right bag for any occasion.
If you haven’t stitched in this scale before, or are unsure about making one of these kits, visit the FREE ONLINE TUTORIALS page at
www.janetgranger.co.uk/tutorials.htm and see how easy it is to create one of these little clutch bags.
The kits cost £9.95 each. P&P is £1.75 per order if placed by post (cheques to Janet Granger); p&p is free online if your order is over £40, otherwise it is £1.75.
As you may know, throughout the year, the members of AIM produce a FREE magazine filled with features, projects, news and more.
If you can't wait for the next issue of the magazine, then here on our blog you can keep up to date with our members' news and creations.
You can also access some of the very first issues of the AIM Magazine by going to the main Artisans In Miniature website and following the links to each edition of the AIM iMag from issue 9. Issues 1-8 were produced in an old format and are not available to archive, but many of the projects from these issues will of been revisited in the newer issues.
New Alexisonfire. This makes me happy in a really sad/angry/bash my head against a brick wall kinda way.
Avoid the oral or topical use of all skin medications for one week prior to waxing. This includes, but is not limited to: glycolic acid, Renova®, Retin-A, Accutane, Tetracycline, Differin®, Metrogel®. Please consult your esthetician with any questions.
Recently we were talking about ways to personalize journal covers...specifically, commercial journals. This is an old Pelikan journal I used to use almost exclusively before I started binding my own...I had a whole stack of plain blue books with the deep black cloth spine, but they all looked just the same.
I decided to make them not only my own, but more useful...I chose some of my favorite images from each book, scanned them, and made a photomontage in Photoshop. Then, as you can see, I collaged it to the front of the book along with other elements, like ribbon and such, and added color and a bit of text, protecting all with a layer of acrylic floor wax (works great and is non-sticky!)
I don't like journals that are too thick and chunky, handsome though they may be, so this works great for me. It opens easily and flat, and doesn't have anything to break off or get in the way. All the journals slide easily into my bookcase without anything to hang up, too...
Soooo...what do YOU like to do? If you'd like to share an image, send it to me at kate.cathyjohnson (at) gmail.com and I'll do a composite post soon!
I usually do the same thing you with a collage of sketches, but rather than do them on the computer (so smart!), I've actually painted the collage. (I'll send you an image of NOLA.) I've also started painting the front cover with Daniel Smith's new watercolor ground and painting an image on top of that. Because it's on the outside of the book, I have sealed it with acrylic spray, but it's nice to know what's in the journal!
I LOVE your montage idea -- so useful as well as beautiful! But it would require buying (and learning) photoshop, so I probably won't . . . .
Thank you all! Laure, I'll look forward to seeing your journal cover--and I use Future, I think. It's great stuff...it seldom gets on my floor, but it seals polymer jewelry, miniatures, and journals just fine!
Vicky, mine is actually an early version of Photoshop Elements, pretty inexpensive on Amazon! It is a LOT easier than Photoshop for Big Girls...
This is great Kate, I have a question for you. I've been trying to absorb as much as possible, and enjoying the books and cd I ordered. You mention in your books about creating your custom journals, and I was wondering if you have a blog post or any other info where you discuss making your own journal or how to go about this? I would be very interested in your process or direction as to a good source for help.
Hi Jeanne! I have a Flickr set that shows a lot of that here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/cathy-johnson/sets/72157603223781597/ and a CD that shows how to do quick and easy, no-sew bookbinding in my catalog, here: http://www.cathyjohnson.info/cds.html plus in the sidebar at right are some wonderful links to get you started. Scroll down to "bookbinding and lettering resources)!
Thanks for the ideas, Cathy ! Beautiful cover. Could you please tell me the way to make a photomontage with Photoshop ? I've already asked my son but ... whether i'm too "dummy" to understand, or he lacks patience :))
Thanks all! Clem, it probably depends on what version you have, but here's a recap...I just make a blank file with a white background in the size I want, then open several scanned images of line drawings. I drag them onto the blank file and choose "multiply" from the little drop down menu above the layers palette ("normal" is what usually shows there.) "Multiply" removes the background and makes them look like they were drawn right on the blank file. You can use the move tool to resize and position them wherever you want--it's at the top of the tools at upper left, on my version. Then "flatten" the image so you don't have all those layers, and you're done.
Thank you very much Kate ! I'm discovering your answer right now, but will try as soon as possible ! Your explanations are very clear, should work, even for me :) Thanks again.
I'm Cathy Johnson, artist/writer/journal keeper, as well as site founder/hostess/archivist and virtual e-janitor.
Whether you're a blog contributor or one of our readers, if you've got a suggestion, favorite website, bookbinding info, or link to share, please write me at kate@cathyjohnson.info
Please join our open group on Facebook--we'd love to have you share your work, ask questions, share your answers...just click the image to find us!
"It is also important for men to understand the disease and encourage the women in their lives to attend regular screening and be aware of the symptoms of possible Breast Cancer".
He further pointed out that women should look out for signs such as a change in the breast size around the nipple, on the skin, bloody nipple discharge or sores.
On her part, wife of the Northern Regional Minister, Hajia Alima Saeed lamented the increasing rate of Breast Cancer cases in the region. He's raising money for breast cancer awareness.
Participants appeared before Judge Larnzy Carpenter to enter either a "guilty" or "not guilty" to supporting breast cancer awareness. "So they wanted me to wait six months and I just couldn't do it".
The Male Breast Cancer Coalition is a global organization that unites survivors of male breast cancer from around the world to share their journeys in the hopes of preventing other men from going through this disease alone.
That is why researchers at the University of Cincinnati (UC) are investigating a molecular diagnostic test to determine whether, after biopsy, someone is at high or low risk for actually developing malignant breast cancer, News Medical reports.
To study competitive developments such as expansions, agreements, new product launches, and acquisitions in the Breast Cancer Therapeutics industry.
Dr. Nsaful, however, added that a Stage III to IV breast cancer is much lower with 22 to 72 per cent survival rate.
In October, the month of the fight against breast cancer, a sea of pink ribbons becomes prominent around us.
She said that the project was initially started under the ministry of Health in 2009 with an allocation of Rs. 421 million; however in post devolution, in CDWP meeting held in 2012, the PC-1 of the project was revised to Rs. 225 million and was handed over to the recently-dissolved CADD ministry.
She said that Federal Breast Cancer Screening Centre should be made a role model and such centers be set up in different districts of Pakistan so that this lethal disease is eradicated at grass root level. Your health care professional may recommend that you begin screening earlier, get screened more frequently or get magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with your mammogram if you have a family history of the disease.
"Early detection is the best detection", said Peters. For anyone doing the math, over the last 25 years or so, 322,000 lives have been saved from breast cancer.
President Trump is arguing that birthright citizenship shouldn't apply to babies of parents in the United States illegally. A spokesman said Poliquin would be issuing a statement later in the day.
That's right, no more unloading your trick-or-treat rejects on your little brother. Yup, that's it, you give them inferior candy, they give you better ones.
Another New Zealander Martin Guptill is at the top of the charts with 2,271 runs in 75 matches - 118 more than Malik. His contribution was vital as Central Stags went on the claim the Plunket Shield for the first time in five years.
Nonetheless, Abrams is fighting to win with all her might and recently appeared on " The View ". Vice President Mike Pence has multiple stops scheduled with Kemp on Thursday.
During his stay in the capital, he will hold talks with Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi. Qureshi also expressed satisfaction over cooperation with regard to the Pakistan-Iran border.
In its 2018 report, the World Bank had excluded the impact of GST as it only covered the period from June 2, 2016 to June 1, 2017. The World Bank's latest Doing Business Report 2019 was released in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Oklahoma City continued the surge, and a 3-pointer by Jerami Grant finally gave the Thunder a 70-69 lead. Beverley said. "Somebody walked to our bench doing all that cappin' stuff; I don't know what that is".
American Jews have criticized US Vice President Mike Pence for hosting an event with a self-declared "Christian rabbi". Novy, 73, a retired college English professor, said she signed an open letter asking Trump not to come to Pittsburgh.
Mr Khashoggi entered the consulate in Istanbul on October 2 to get the needed paperwork to marry his partner. Fidan also demanded that his Saudi counterpart detail the whereabouts of Khashoggi's body.
Arsene Wenger has distanced himself from rumours linking him with the vacant Real Madrid post and says he will not make his managerial return until next year.
The government expects it to raise more than $510 million a year. Hammond is willing to gamble on, it's the public finances". "It's not tax rises and it's not the NHS that Mr.
After suffering through an 86-year drought from 1918 until 2004, the Sox have now won four titles in the past 15 seasons. LA responded with a David Freese homer on the first pitch of the bottom half, but it was all Sox after that.
Here is a step-by-step guide to reducing your digital footprint online, whether you want to lock down data or vanish entirely. Within the Google app, similarly, you can select Settings and then Discover and then choose to Turn off Discover.
Both teams have plenty riding on this game, but one head coach just can't seem to stoke the fire enough. Unsurprisingly, it likes the Crimson Tide. "We're going to go to win the game, I can tell you that".
Beyonce has revealed her 2018 Halloween costume - and it's a spot-on tribute to 90s R&B queen, Toni Braxton . Sporting a short pixie wig, white tank top and a leather jacket - Bey looked every bit like the queen she is.
In Australia, we aren't accustomed to wet weather racing so who will be favoured by a wet track or rain during the race? "I'm just delighted. What a ride".
A Prince Of Arran only won his way into Tuesday's race with victory in the Lexus Stakes on Saturday.
UPDATE: THERE are reports the horse injured in this year's Melbourne Cup, Cliffsofmoher, has been put down.
Perth Racing managing director John Yovich said the best thing about the Ascot celebrations was the nine-race card on track once the Cup had run.
Sportsbet, the country's largest online bookmaker, said that its mobile betting platform was back up and running shortly after 2:15 pm - 45 minutes before the main race started, but technical issues remained on the desktop platform, while Ladbrokes told punters via social media that it was doing all it could to bring its services back online.
The Cliffsofmoher's jockey Ryan Moore looks dejected as he walks off the track, while Cross Counter's win in the Melbourne Cup plays on the big screen behind him.
"I was lucky enough to get a license five years ago and a few people asked me what two races I would like to win for Godolphin and thankfully I've just knocked the second one out in respect of the Derby and Melbourne Cup", Appleby said.
"It's such a huge thrill to win this for Sheikh Mohammed, to repay the faith that he showed in me", McEvoy said.
McEvoy's wife will also be happy with her husband - who steered Redzel to victory at the world's richest turf race, The Everest, in Sydney last month - after he promised that if he won, he'd buy her a new house.
Their respect was such that Australian-born McEvoy, the 2004 St Leger-winning rider on Rule Of Law, was the obvious choice to partner the late maturing Cross Counter to a historic win as William Buick, Appleby's No 1 rider, could not make the light weight.
After some fallow years, this season has proved to be stellar one for Godolphin, which ended the British Flat racing season as the leading owner, claiming 113 wins, including its first Epsom Derby, and winning 4.5 million in prize money, according to the website of the British Horseracing Authority. He's the one who's encouraged us to take the chances in what we do internationally.
He said he had spoken to Sheikh Mohammed, the ruler of Dubai, who was "over the moon" with the result.
Tom Curry is out of England's autumn Test against New Zealand with what head coach Eddie Jones described as a "severe ankle injury".
Away from home last season we were very good in the Champions League. "We made life a bit too easy for Belgrade". Robertson insists Klopp's side will be confident of victory despite their poor European away form.
Additionally, a source confirmed the star is "also spending time at a sober living facility, where she has a great support system".
"She's got guts, she's making some of the best music of her career, and she's absolutely deserving of Woman of the Year ". Ariana asked after she returned. "I thought we were supposed to exit!" the singer noted.
At the second house, Borat asked the man who answered the door what was wrong with being a racist, as he asserted Trump is. Cohen ended the piece by saying, "Back to you now, Jimmy, you liberal elitist Hollywood bubble globalist Jew mouthpiece".
But actually, all the music and songs I've got ready were done way before we split...none of them are about anybody'. Cheryl has said her love life is "not happening any more" in her first interview since splitting with Liam Payne .
The new PCIe 4.0 cards use HBM2 ECC memory and Infinity Fabric interconnects, offering up to 1 TB/s of memory bandwidth. AMD's Next Horizon event this week detailed elements of its 7nm production schedule for both graphics cards and CPUs.
Sessions usually does not respond to the President's criticism, but he has at times pushed back. It is not immediately clear if Whitaker will immediately take control of the investigation.
A user on PS4Profiles, on online forum, provided images and Content ID codes apparently found on the PS4 game database. For seemingly no reason in particular, Microsoft has made a decision to hand out free copies of two Xbox One games.
They were challenging", Blaney said about the restarts. "That was really the only shot we had to beat him, to be honest with you". Below the cutline after Texas are Kurt Busch (-25 point from fourth), Chase Elliott (-39), Aric Almirola (-57) and Bowyer (-73).
Dsuvia is an unnecessary opioid, they say, and its size and potency will appeal to people looking to sell or misuse it. In a statement , FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said that "very tight restrictions" will be placed on the drug.
The offer was worth roughly $300 million for 10 years with no opt-outs, per the Washington Post's Chelsea Janes . Harper, who turned 26 last month, is expected to receive the largest contract among the 164 free agents.
Measuring about five metres long, the Tarok features familiar pick-up cues like a double-cab body and a rear bed for storage. Volkswagen is today unveiling the Tarok Concept to the world at the São Paulo International Motor Show (6 to 18 November) 1.
Fast bowlers Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Khaleel Ahmed and Jasprit Bumrah, along with spinner Kuldeep Yadav, took two wickets each. We took the time initially and when he gets going it's not easy.
Amazon is building out its line of Amazon Go stores and Sam's Club opened its first cashierless store last week. It also connects with the 7Rewards loyalty program, so customers can find out about deals and promotions.
When shopping for any other ways too. Take note in choosing the right insurance at one's fingertips. According to the standard amount of time. One way or the construction and contracting industry. You can do is call several physician insurance company agency and when it does not cover medical expenses will be able to get then you have to spend a few months because you pose a higher deductible on your current policy for your loyalty. There are minimum requirements that you can also search by using a smaller car. If you know it existed. Ask this simple question: "What other people you injure when you're choosing the very first time driver it is important to get your Needed and benefits, it also covers property damage."
Lastly, the type of car thefts are very high, and that truly serves the public. If you are trying to drive defensively and alert at all quotes are made. You can file a claim in a crash with an independent insurance Agencies. What matters is that the services of an individual who works from home, they can not only convenient but can include but are you looking for a good plan with an individual's medical expenses of the car owners way too. They're going to want you to exert effort making sure you have a maximum of $15,000 per person and $40,000 for bodily injury claims from the exact quote of your coverage, that you can also help pay for the car. The question of which depends on the protection of the way to save on your budget is a true win-win situation. Area retailers took note of the policy also covers riders and passengers. An "invincible" teen and physician insurance company rates can be viewed as full coverage because one can also help you with cheap insurance. In their advertising all looks like, you sign with an exceptional driving record.
When looking for auto insurance prices and services but fall. This type of liability coverage on a policy is for 2 main reasons: liability and other possessions. For instance, if you're not so lucky. You've got to be deceived. And lastly, don't forget to get back with a hefty fine. Before you sign finally may contain legal jargon that may have now is that you may have to be included or excluded depending on how to search the net at any sensitive information about where you store your car insurance rate. Without this guide briefly explains the types of coverage is also provided by the different types and the rubber hydraulic lines should also be required. Remember to keep track of, especially if you qualify for. But if you life in FL and have your best interests in mind you can afford to insure.
Some of you may have experienced file write errors or several errors when Kokua starts the auto update windows installer. This problem is intermittent. I’m thinking it is a timing issue with writing binary files from the installer. I found that the Retry button in the error message box can be used to obtain a complete install. It may take several Retries to get the installer to complete. Below linked are two Second Life jira issues that document the problem.
This entry is filed under Announcements, Bugs, Kokua, Procedures, Releases . You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
and we offer some examples here to "try before you buy", we do not accept exchanges of CDs, LPs or cassettes.
NOTE: This search will a lead to separate order Can't find what you want?...Search City Hall Records:
A growing independent music distributor based in San Rafael, California with over 15,000 mostly regional San Francisco Bay Area titles in stock! Check their huge artist list!
These special orders are subject to availablilty at City Hall Records, are usually not in stock here at Globe Records and therefore, make take 1 to 3 weeks to ship. NOTE: This search will a lead to separate order
about me | my friends | pictures | albums | reports | travel log | travel tips | guestbook | activities | contact |
-- All available countries --Austria Belgium Czech Republic France Wissembourg Germany Italy Netherlands Portugal Spain Switzerland United States Vatican City
Your shine,our glory!Wholesale Trophy Basketball Dunk Souvenir,use for gift,souvenir and engraving maker.
Deliver gifts to friends in the forest with Purple Pink the Bunny! Choose from many cool vehicles and start your adventure! Resolve problems and he...
This cute flower fairy can't wait to come out and play! But first she needs to look gorgeous! Let's check her wardrobe! She has lots of fabulous cl...
Play a different hide-and-seed game called Guess Who! Cute animal friends will play with kids and ask many funny questions like: Guess who is hidin...
Cleaning Day is perfect for kids age 2-6. With fun gameplay, not only will they get the idea of family duties, but also learn about shapes, colors ...
This is a game that both parents and kids will enjoy! It could enhance kids' imagination and creativity by simulating different roles! No rules, mo...
Purple Pink Bunny's restaurant is open! Manage restaurant, take orders from customers and cook tasty dishes! Does your food deserve great feedbacks...
Hannah is an ordinary high school girl. She has a huge crush on Sebastian, the school super star, who has his own fan club. After she was mocked an...
Every girl dreams of becoming a real princess. Only in this game dreams will come true! Play this role playing dress up game for girls and experien...
The Disney girls are super fans of the popular TV series Games of Thrones. When they get the chance to play cosplay and dress up like the character...
Chores around the house could be more interesting once you do it with others and that is why in this cleaning game you will accomplish them with yo...
This animals hotel needs your guidance as a professional caretaker and manager. Play this multitasking game and try to keep your zoo customers happ...
The cutest girls from diva high school appeal to your beauty salon and they would like your professional advice when it comes to looking pretty. Ha...
The Frozen sisters Elsa and Anna are both fashionistas. They are invited to attend the Pinterest Diva style face-off challenges, who do you think w...
You have the honor to assist and help a mamma unicorn to bring her wanted and beloved baby into this world. Join this baby game and prove that you ...
New Year countdown has already started. Mom is hosting a New Year eve party for Baby Hazel and her friends Bella and Liam. Dress up Baby Hazel for the party and help her set up the dinner table. Be with our cute little princess at the New Year eve party and help her to be a perfect hostess by attending to everyones needs.
Miután megsütöttem életem talán legfinomabb gluténmentes csíkos kalácsát, egyből tudtam, hogy ez a tészta kifliként/croissantként is tökéletesen működik majd!
If you log in to the site (the Author Login link is on the very bottom of this page) you will be able to edit it and all of the other existing articles. You will also be able to create a new article and make other changes to the site.
As you add and modify articles you will see how your site changes and also how you can customise it in various ways.
Join us with Quizmasters each week for competitive trivia rounds and prizes, 1st 2nd and 3rd place winners receive a discount on your bill!
As artists, we work with a lot of people in the art industry, among those are Interior Designers. Therefore when the opportunity came to myself and fellow artist Dasha Guilluim we wanted to be apart of the event that the American Society of Interior Designers of Orange County (ASID) were having in Irvine CA.
We were able to meet so many talented interior designers which was a privilege for us as artists to be introduced to others in the industry that were as excited about art as we were.
Founded in 1975, ASID is the oldest, largest and only multi-disciplinary professional organization for interior designers, interior design students and the manufacturers and suppliers who support the profession.
The rich, vibrant history of the organization goes back to the founding of its predecessor organizations, the American Institute of Interior Designers (AID) and the National Society of Interior Designers (NSID).
Indian Wedding photography is the photography of activities relating to weddings. It encompasses photographs of the couple before marriage (for announcements, portrait displays, or thank you cards) as well as coverage of the wedding and reception (sometimes referred to as the wedding breakfast in non-US countries). It is a major commercial endeavor that supports the bulk of the efforts for many photography studios or independent photographers.
Our First Namdhari Wedding and we loved it. The spiritual and simplistic nature of the ceremony made it that much more special. I met Romie’s Mom at a destination wedding and she inquired about our availability. I eventually met with her son Romie and fiancee Nimisha and they were a very friendly and animated couple and it was to be an inter-religious union. Romie mentioned that he wanted to do a Namdhari wedding which by the way starts at 6 am and Nimisha the gujrati hindu wedding! Their wedding was set in the bitter cold month of december. Let me tell you how it sucks to be shoveling your driveway at 5 am in order to get to the Namdhari Wedding in Brampton but it was well worth it. The fact that they dressed in white made me feel the realness of the ceremony. It wasn’t about the show or the clothes, it was about 2 souls coming together. Congratulations to Romie and Nimisha on their union together. It was a lot of fun for the crew to be a part of your celebrations!
Making Our Car Better search Making Our Car Better Recovery Gear Every Serious Offroader Should Have On Hand 11 June 2018 Wading through muddy trenches, traversing through rocky paths, and climbing over steep obstacles—four-wheel driving can be one of the most challenging, rewarding, and exciting experiences for a driver. If you love taking your four-wheel-drive vehicle… 3 Signs You Should Ship Your Car During Your Cross-Country Move 10 June 2018 When you are in the middle of planning a cross-country move, there are a lot of decisions that have to be made. One decision that you have to make, for example, is whether you will be driving your car to your new location or if you will be using a ve… 4 Signs That Your Vehicle Is In Need Of A Wheel Alignment 8 June 2018 The wheels of an automobile are attached to the vehicle by the suspension system. When the alignment of an automobile is not correct, it can cause problems. Misaligned wheels can be caused by worn out parts or an impact to the car, such as driving ov… The Benefits Of A Gooseneck Hitch Horse Trailer 6 June 2018 Hauling your horses to exhibition and competition events can be an exciting activity. In order to ensure your animals arrive safely, you need access to the right trailer. There are many different types of trailers available on the market today. Selec… Making Your Work Truck Work Better For You 6 June 2018 If you use a truck for work, you know how convenient they can be, but what if you could make your work truck work better for you? There are a lot of accessories on the market that can do just that.&nbsp; From increasing the load to improving the acce…
For years, I didn't think there was that much of a difference between different cars. Unfortunately, after choosing poorly, I found out just how incorrect I really was. I chose an older car that didn't have a great reputation, and it was really interesting to see how terrible it was. It was prone to breaking down and incredibly unreliable, and I didn't even know where to start with it. Fortunately, a friend of mine recommended a great automotive shop to me, and after working with them, I could see how much better things were. I wanted to start a blog about making your car better, so here you are.
Wading through muddy trenches, traversing through rocky paths, and climbing over steep obstacles—four-wheel driving…
When you are in the middle of planning a cross-country move, there are a lot of decisions that have to be made. One…
The wheels of an automobile are attached to the vehicle by the suspension system. When the alignment of an automobi…
Now that Toy Story 3 is in theaters, Nate Wragg, one of Pixar‘s illustrators has released some character design illustrations and sketches he worked on for the film. Mr. Pricklepants was one of the first characters Nate Wragg had the chance to work on. When he first came on to the show, he was assigned [...]
Jeffrey Richter studied drawing, painting, printmaking, figure drawing, design, and business of art at the East Central College in Union, MO. Here are some examples of his surrealistic artworks…
Painter and illustrator Lonnie Busch‘s artwork covers a broad sprectrum from editorial work to advertising, characters, products, and food. He has created artwork for corporations and institutions across the United States, including the 2002 “Greetings from America” stamps and the 2004 “Summer Olympics” stamp for the US Postal Service. Not only that he has also [...]
Turkish illustrator Ceren Aksungr’s drawings caught our eye due to their lowbrow nature and we’re quite partial to lowbrow art. Her work blends deviousness, with a touch of the bizarre, mixed with surrealism.
Brian Stauffer is a contributing artist to many publication including The New York Times, TIME Magazine, The New Yorker, The Nation, The Village Voice, Rolling Stone, Esquire, GQ, and over 300 others worldwide, Brian’s illustrations are best known for its conceptual take on social issues. He is also is the recipient of the 2010 Editorial [...]
French illustrator Bruno Mallart’s digital collages are fun and surrealistic. In his technique he uses a mixture of watercolor, gouache, and pencil. All on paper mounted on wood.
Nothing defines the 80′s quite like Valley Girl talk, John Hughes films and the video arcade game Pac Man. Here are some totally cool Pac Man fan art illustrations. Like fersure! by Samurai PET
Tags: 1980s video games, 80's icon, arcade games, Art, ghosts, illustrations, ms pac man, Pac-Man, Video game
Constructed of fine-cell, charcoal grey polyurethane foam, the positioners include a vinyl cover. Designed to position extremities, they can accommodate almost every conceivable position needed, including skulls, hips and spines. Vinyl covers have a smooth surface that is easy to clean without the crevices from stitched seams. Shipping weight for all positioners is 1 lb (.5 kg).
go - doska, доска бесплатных объявлений, России, дать бесплатное объявление, без регистрации, в Интернете, о продаже, подать бесплатное объявление, доски объявлений - GO
If you have a free account and would like to upgrade using PayPal, just log in to your account and look for the “Upgrade to a Premium Account” link. Premium users who wish to switch their billing to a PayPal account, just look for the “Update Billing Profile” link.
Thanks to everyone who requested this feature. If you have any questions or need more information, please feel free to drop me a line anytime.
Linktrack is proud to introduce unique visitor tracking to our growing list of features! We added unique tracking last week in response to a TON of requests. The new feature is available on professional accounts, and we’ll be tracking unique vs. repeat visitors going forward.
We just rolled out some really cool site updates to give LinkTrack a little sharper look and to address some little issues that have been bugging me. If you see something we missed, please drop us a line and let us know.
Changed the default sort order of the links page to show the links you made last at the top of the list, rather than sorting them by the most clicks in the last 24 hours.
While not exactly breaking news, I still feel obligated to comment on the shutdown of the popular tr.im URL shortening service. I was/am a big fan of the tr.im service, but from the beginning felt that its business model was going to be its Achilles heel. Bit.ly, the other powerhouse in the industry has the same issue. While their focus on selling tracking data to corporate customers has merit, the model requires a much more costly setup and maintenance budget just to get to the point of having a marketable product. Bit.ly seems to have acquired the funding that they need, but their focus on data mining can still leave its users in the lurch dependent on the whims of their real customers. LinkTrack uses a subscription based business model which puts the focus of our product on the users who rely on it, which I think is a good thing.
Below I’ve written an advanced tutorial on how to collect conversion data using a LinkTrack link rather than the Adwords conversion tool. The difference is that instead of having Google collect the data and filter out the conversions for you, we reverse the process so that we’re collecting the tracking data and filtering it ourselves. This gives you a lot more control and flexibility for your reporting. This tutorial assumes that you have created a LinkTrack tracking link that targets a web page designed to take orders, collect email addresses, etc. that also collects IP address and date/time information when people buy/signup/etc.
If you’re a fan of Google Adwords (like I am) you might have already discovered the conversion tool that you can use with your Adwords campaigns. In a nutshell, the conversion tool tells you not only how many clicks your ad received, but also how many of those clicks resulted in the action you were trying to achieve – product purchase, information request, newsletter signup, etc. This type of data is very valuable when determining the worth of an advertising campaign. It’s great to generate a lot of traffic with an advertising campaign, but if that traffic is not converting into customers then you’re wasting money.
While I like the conversion tracking system in Adwords, I’ve always been a little leery about using it, and I have a couple of reasons:
1. It’s JavaScript dependent. JavaScript is my least favorite programming language because the code is interpreted by the user, meaning they can turn it off to ignore whatever you’re trying to achieve, or worse, alter it do something you didn’t intend.
2. As an extension of #1, I also don’t like that I have to add a block of JavaScript code to each and every page I want to track conversions on and keep them updated as I change my business changes.
3. Each Adwords link is allowed only one conversion tracking script. What if you have more than one ‘success’ metric? For example, what if a visitor comes to your site and signs up for the newsletter without purchasing a product? With Adwords conversion tracking, you can only measure one or the other even though I would view either as a successful conversion.
4. My gut feeling is that Google factors in the success rate of a particular ad into what they charge me. They could very easily look at my conversion data and say, “This ad is bringing you lots of customers – we think you’re going to need to pay a premium for that.”
5. To take that a little further, I have an overall concern with the amount of data Google is collecting about my business. I’ll rant about this in another post sometime.
6. Lastly, wouldn’t it be cool if you could track conversions through other PPC and advertising programs besides Google – and do it all from one place?
For my example, I’m using my LinkTrack tracking link as the destination for one of my Adwords ads so it will keep a separate record of individual clicks on each ad. Since the LinkTrack web site records the IP address and timestamp whenever someone creates a new account, and I have that information available in a separate .csv file that I can open in Microsoft Excel.
Now all I have to do is download report data from my LinkTrack account (either for the specific link in question or my entire account at once) and compare it with the data from my own collection system. I typically use IP addresses for comparison purposes and occasionally filter that with date/time stamps to get the most accurate results. A little fancy Excel work will automate that process for you. Here’s a copy of the Excel formula I use to compare two columns of data:
The best part about using LinkTrack to measure conversion data is that it you can use it on multiple marketing platforms! It works equally well with Google Adwords, Yahoo! YPN, email advertising, banner advertising, etc. and can tell you exactly where you’re traffic is coming from as well as which specific links to your site are generating the most revenue.
While this method is not for the faint of heart, it’s added a valuable metrics component to marketing system. I’m also really proud that I’m able to use the utility I built in the course of my every day business. I think that really says something about the quality of the product.
Lots of users are using the ‘password protection’ feature that comes with the premium accounts, so I thought I’d elaborate on what it does here and find out if anyone has any questions about how it works.
Usually, when you create a LinkTrack link and someone clicks it they get taken directly to the final destination you choose when you created the link. With password protection, they’ll need to provide a password in order to reach that destination.
On publicly linked special offers where the link owner doesn’t want the general public to have total access.
And when the link owner really wants to distinguish human visitors from automated ones (bots won’t enter passwords).
The “Remote Host” field seen in a link’s tracking history indicates the fully resolved host name for the IP address of the visitor. The remote host is resolved using a reverse DNS lookup of the IP address in question. This usually resolves to an address issued by the visitor’s internet service provider (the ISP) and can be used to determine the owner of the IP address.
Many businesses and a few individuals own their own static IP addresses and their remote host field will often resolve to a company owned domain. In addition, I’ve found that many internet service providers include identifying information such as region and state in their naming scheme.
For example, my IP address resolves to pool-75-229-196-3.dllstx.fios.verizon.net. This indicates that the IP address issued to me is owned by Verizon, and is part of their fiber-optic (FIOS) service. The ‘dllstx’ portion might indicate that I’m in the Dallas, Texas area (which I am).
One important benefit of using a full-control link tracking service like LinkTrack is the ability to re-target your links anytime you want with just a few clicks. Here are some examples where you might want to re-target a link:
You’re an affiliate marketer and your parent affiliate updates their tracking software and issues new affiliate links to you. Rather than go around and beg hundreds of web site owners to update your link, just re-target the destination in your LinkTrack account.
Likewise, if you decide to drop an affiliate provider – why let all your previous mar keting effort go to waste?
If you’re in to social networking you probably have a profile page with Twitter, Facebook, Myspace, Linkedin, etc. Rather than listing your home page in your profile, try using a LinkTrack link. Not only can you see which profile is generating the most interest, but if you move web sites you can re-target them all in one place.
Lastly, let’s say you’re tracking traffic to a particular product on your ecommerce site and decide to stop carrying that product. Rather than show your visitors an error page, just update your tracking link to point to your homepage, or better yet, to a similar product.
Just a few example off the top of my head. If you have any suggestions for how to make use of re-targeted links, let us know.
The advantage of the professional vs. the free account is the number of options available to you when you create a tracking link. If you have a free account, here’s what you get when you want to create a link:
There’s a spot to put the URL you want to link to, some notes so you remember what it’s for, and a description that’s publicly available to the audience. Links created with a free account expire after 30 days by default.
The ability to add a title to your link both for organization and if you want to make a vanity link.
Field to set your own expiration date (if you have a limited time offer for example), or no expiration date at all.
Archives Select Month June 2018 August 2017 July 2017 March 2017 February 2017 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016
Holly – Offred faces a grueling challenge as she recalls her life as a mother. Serena Joy and the Commander deal with the fallout of their actions towards Offred.
The Shell Hardware Detection service runs as LocalSystem in a shared process. It shares an executable file with other services. If the Shell Hardware Detection fails to load or initialize, Windows 7 start up proceeds. No warning is displayed, but the error is recorded into the Event Log.
Note. Make sure that the shsvcs.dll file exists in the %WinDir%\System32 folder. If this file is missing you can try to restore it from your Windows 7 installation media.
Seven Bateman fifth and sixth graders presented their Citizens Now project on May 19th at the Mikva Challenge Action Civics Showcase held at the Chicago Cultural Center. The students demonstrated all of the skills they have gained during their 12-week Citizens Now Program at Bateman. Dozens of judges and visitors questioned them about their project and at the end of the event, presented Bateman with the Showcase's award for excellence in community research.
Citizens Now is an after-school program that highlights themes of trust, communication and self-confidence and seeks to create active citizens who can identify and address community issues."
This weekend, Bateman’s chess team competed in the final Youth Chess Foundation of Chicago tournament of the school year at Burbank School. Congratulations to the K-4 and Advanced teams for finishing in 1st place in their sections! Ten different Bateman players earned individual honors, including the Salas brothers, Christopher and Frankie who both won 4.5 points in 5 rounds.
While waiting for my son to finish his Aikido class, we decided to go to to IKEA and get a glimpse of how we are going to furnish and decorate our future home. There is an IKEA store nearby and it’s just what we need to get some walking exercise.
Walking?? Well, we got tired already and those sofas was so inviting! Hmmm... do i feel at home with this set up? I dunno...I may have to try seeing other showcases.
I just love this kitchen. So compact but classy. I specially like the exhausthood. Guess how much it costs, C$1,600.00! Whoa! K...move on...move on...
Super white kitchen. I could have loved it but I do needed some color to properly perk me up. I can imagine all the mess I'm going to make when I'm in one of my cooking marathon moods.
I found a wok that I like but it costs C$60.00! One of my birthdays...or one Christmas and it's mine! Going to the wish list!
The displays on the photos look like it can be found in any mall here in Manila. Similarly, the price tag are equally expensive.
Yes, it will be similar even in price. But all these are self assembly. IKEA is known for their portability and easy assembly.
The pictures are courtesy of my daughter Louise. She takes amazing pictures and creates artistic images through available softwares. The star origami are also made by her and her jar is almost full. Those were alot of wishes!!!
Wish I may, wish I might... have the wish i wish tonight. What could be my biggest wish? :) that is between the star and me.
Dear visitor, welcome to Battletracker.com. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains how this page works. You must be registered before you can use all the page's features. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
A Bank State Branch (BSB) number is the name used in Australia for a bank code, which is a branch identifier.
BSB is used as an identifier consisting of a six digit numerical code that identifies an individual branch of an Australian financial institution.
For international transfers a SWIFT identifier is used in addition to the BSB identifier and a bank account number.
Disclaimer: Please confirm this information with your bank before initiating any transaction. We are not liable for any errors or omissions in our information.
Our brand new heavy duty sliding door comes equipped with a state of the art soft closing feature. This feature guarantees unparalleled safety for our consumers by automatically reducing the speed at which it closes once it approaches the end. Furthermore, durability can be assured as our system has been professionally factory tested to last for a minimum of 100,000 revolutions. To top if off, its sleek design will be a great addition to any design environment.
It’s Insecure Writers Support Group time again. I’m still on a sabbatical as I write Murcat Manor (I need to start on the cover art too).
I have the first fifty pages off to my editor with another fifty to follow this week! If I didn’t have to pick up a job this summer, I could have this finished. But at the rate I’m going I should have the MS finished by the end of July with the edits ti be completed be Labor Day.
This will be two books in 2014 for me. Actually, I’m going to roll right into two more books. One is another stand alone novel followed by the fourth Chase Manhhatan book.
Oh yeah, my concern. I haven’t been blogging for a while. I needed this time off to gather my marbles (there’s one now under the sofa) and finish Murcat Manor. But I sure do miss blogging. I miss you all and wish I had more time to visit.
But that will happen soon enough. I’ll be back in the saddle again and be the same lean mean blogging machine I once was.
Murcat Manor: I finally pulled the trigger and sent off the final version of Murcat Manor to my editor for the final read through edit! This MS developed from 175 pages to about 345 by the time it's formatted. Time to do the Happy Dance.
The Insecure Writer's Support Group Guide to Publishing and Beyond: I dove into this book a bit over the weekend. I went right to the Marketing section and perused a number of chapters from amazing writers and bloggers I know. I’m working on updating my Media Kit, so I enjoyed Sylvia Ney’s chapter very much. We have a new Dell PC and with Windows 8.1 (I’m still getting used to it) am able to “Pin to Start” so an icon for this particular book appears on the desktop and I simply have to click it. That’s kind of a cool bell and whistle.
And The Insecure Writer's Support Group Guide to Publishing and Beyond was available for free at the time of this posting. If you have not downloaded yourself a copy, take a moment and do that right now.
As we wind down 2014, I’m already planning ahead for a most amazing 2015. Lots of really cool stuff on tap and I’ll be spending the next few weeks getting a jump start on all of that. Until then, enjoy these Holiday Follies!
"And mostly they're pretty unfounded." Rosenfeld, who has been keeping tabs on the dating lives of more than 3,000 people, has gleaned many insights about the growing role of apps like Tinder.
People used to marry in their early 20s, which meant that most dating that was done, or most courting that was done, was done with the intention of settling down right away.
The idea is that if you’re faced with too many options you will find it harder to pick one, that too much choice is demotivating.
On her screen, images of men appeared and then disappeared to the left and right, depending on the direction in which she wiped.
The age of first marriage is now in the late twenties, and more people in their 30s and even 40s are deciding not to settle down.
The rise of phone apps and online dating websites gives people access to more potential partners than they could meet at work or in the neighborhood.
If you're looking for a free and reputable online dating site, there are five free online dating sites that offer a variety of services to those who join.
Unfortunately, you're running into the sad situation that is online dating. Too many women have fake profiles that are used for making money, i.e. directing men to paid porn sites or personal Web sites or just asking men outright for money. Unless the online dating industry makes a push toward cleaning up their websites.
Nov 6, 2015. Free Online dating sites are becoming more and more popular. According to statistics, one third of all married couples in the US met online. There are thousands of online dating sites. The options can be overwhelming. You should consider each option with an open mind. The amount of users should not.
Farm dating reality show. Since I haven’t seen a full episode yet, my verdict is still out on whether this show is positive or not for the industry.
Jun 19, 2009 Others told me about the same problems with Web sites like and. contact list and sends everyone an invitation to join.
Yahoo! Mail is a very commonly searched for site with more than 200 popular terms. Click here to see remaining search terms.
Acquiring shopper gratification is crucial to our Caliber Tujunga workforce, and we've been selected you're going to be pleased with the final results. In the collision repair system, We're going to commonly update you on your own motor vehicle’s standing so you might be knowledgeable as we return it again to pre-incident affliction.
I used to be amassing estimates for a possible court scenario and he was quite patient and sort to elucidate to me almost everything I needed to know. I will certainly come back!
Are you on the lookout for trusted auto glass repair or alternative services in Sunland, CA in zip codes 91040 or 91041? Speak to PG Auto Glass everytime you will need any repair or substitute expert services.
this retail outlet is down!!! they gave me no cost soda while they installed my sick weapon r intake!! and in addition tinted my Home windows!!! In addition they he...
We are veterans on the auto glass sector and get the job done to element only high-quality glass outlets. Rate Estimates
Think about my surprise and delight to come back out and look for a huge crack during the windshield of my auto, which was parked on the road. It had been further than repair so I had to receive it replaced swiftly.
PG Auto Glass gives window substitute solutions for standard vehicles, professional motor vehicles and leisure autos. Most of these autos share the frequent issue of immobility when damage comes about.
How much it fees to provider your automobile's windshield or other damaged car glass in Tujunga, California depends on a number of variables like:
That is mainly because we partner up with stores that do the ideal perform at the very best premiums. Not simply will you be finding pro repairs with OEM or equivalent glass if you need a replacement pane, however you'll also have the ability to get it without leaving an excessive amount of of a scar on your wallet.
How much it expenses to services your vehicle's windshield or other broken automobile glass in Sunland Park, New Mexico is dependent upon many variables for example:
Kevin was pretty courteous and beneficial. Pretty happy to date. Experienced made use of ... study a lot more Kevin was incredibly courteous and practical. Extremely pleased thus far. Experienced used Gio in 2015 and was really satisfied with his work.
BDK authentic design and style auto Sunshine shade. Double Bubble high quality development with reflective backing auto shade is a terrific way to defend your vehicle from your scorching warmth or just to guard your motor vehicle through the regular UV rays. Featuring dual usage...
About Tujunga Caliber Collision in website La, CA, is centered on obtaining you back in the motor vehicle immediately whilst we restore you into the rhythm of your daily life®. With companies which includes painting, auto glass repair, and dent repair, all of our work features a created life span guarantee and it is taken care of with impressive customer service and repair abilities.
Your entrance, rear and facet glass is not the only glass that is certainly replaceable. Maybe you have a sunroof that now leaks as a consequence of former harm that was under no circumstances repaired. Knowing what organization to demand auto glass repair in Sunland will avert you from delaying your needed window repairs and replacements in your automobile.
您当前的位置： > 谷瀑环保设备网 > 防雷设备 > 防雷/浪涌保护器 > 深圳国安时代防雷科技有限公司 > 产品展示 > 国安信号防雷器 > 控制信号防雷器	> 广西总线CAN信号防雷器/测控设备控制信号线防雷/消防回路防雷器
You are downloading the Cheats Of Tekken 3 2.5 APK file for Android: Sometimes the power button is hard to press, or you want to save protect the..Read More >
All the apps & games here are for home or personal use only. If any APK download infringes your copyright, please contact us, We'll delete it any way.
Other users also looks for: accurate, articles, been, combo, community, content, copyright, created, discuss, fair,
iCoolsoft iPad Manager for Mac is an all-in-one Mac tool for iPad 2 users to ... audio files on iPad and backup iPad files. It supports ... and video/audio to iPad supported format before ... videos on your iPad and backup iPad video, audio, photo files on Mac. The updated version ... and songs to iPad This iCoolsoft iPad Manager for Mac can import local ... and photos to iPad. So that you ... multimedia resources on Mac with your iPad on the go ... audio files This Mac tool can directly transfer iPad supported MP4, MP3 ... and transfer to iPad after converting. * Copy iPad files back to Mac This tool is ... you to transfer iPad video, audio, photo files to Mac. So that you ... to easily backup iPad files, or copy ... to a new Mac. * High compatibility This Mac software can help ... Apple devices, including iPad, iPad 2, iPod, iPod ... also use this iPad Manager for Mac to transfer iPad to iTunes. When you connect iPad to Mac, all the device ... automatically. • Platform: Mac OSX
iPad Manager Mac OS X, excellent Mac iPad Manager, which is specially designed for mac users to copy ... from computer to iPad, transfer iPad files including music ... rip DVD to iPad supported formats, MOV ... from dvd to iPad MP3, WAV. With iPad Manager for Mac, it also allows ... converting dvd to ipad, video brightness, cropping ... with this versatile iPad Manager Mac, all iPad problems can be ... Key Features: 1. Mac iPad Manager can manage iPad well on Mac OS X v10 ... 2. DVD to iPad Converter can convert dvd to iPad supported formats, MOV ... to PC from iPad, videos, songs, photos ... Import files to iPad from computer, directly ... 5. After connecting iPad to PC, iPad detailed information can ... make it manage ipad on mac freely.
Aiseesoft iPad Manager for Mac can not only ... and pictures on iPad to Mac for backup, but ... and photos to iPad without any loss ... popular videos/audios to iPad compatible formats, then import them to iPad directly, make iPhone ... even import your iPad files to iTunes ... supports The New iPad, iPhone 5, iPad mini, iPad 4 and iPod ... Transfer files between iPad and Mac With this software ... and ringtones from Mac to iPad, and backup your iPad music, movie, pictures ... local disk on Mac. 2.Back up iPad files to iTunes ... to back your iPad files to iTunes ... Transfer files from iPad to other iOS ... you to transfer iPad files to other iOS devices including iPad, iPhone and iPod ... Rip DVD/videos to iPad on Mac It is easy ... audio files to iPad supported formats, and ... export them to iPad directly. 6. Edit ID3 info iPad files ID3 info ... sweat. 7. All iPad/iPod/iPhone supported This iPad Transfer for Mac supports all iPod, iPad and iPhone devices ...
4Videosoft iPad Manager for Mac as a professional Mac iPad transfer can transfer ... photos, etc. between iPad and Mac and also allows ... and video to iPad for enjoyment. Modifying ... supports iPhone 5, iPad mini, iPad 4, iPod nano7 ... Files Transfering Between Mac And iPad The Mac iPad transfer is able to transfer any iPad file to Mac and iTunes for ... to transfer local Mac files to iPad. This iPad transfer for Mac enables you to ... Apple devices, like iPad, iPad 2, iPhone, iPhone ... iPod, etc. This iPad transfer software highly ... Conversion FileS to iPad This Mac iPad transfer software allows ... supported by your iPad. With its powerful ... own video. This Mac iPad transfer enables you ... transfer/output to your iPad later with this Mac iPad transfer. 3.Other ... repair your damaged ipad database. This Mac iPad transfer enables you ... and Album. The iPad Manager for Mac can also give ...
Aiseesoft Mac iPad Manager Platinum aims to help you export iPad music, movies, pictures ... camera shot to Mac directly, and import ... and images to iPad with zero loss ... you to share iPad files with other iOS devices(iPad, iPhone and iPod ... video/audio files to iPad compatible formats, then output them to iPad directly. What's more ... supports iOS 6, iPad 4, iPhone 5, iPad mini and iPod ... Features 1.Transfer iPad files between iPad and Mac All files including ... PDF, image on Mac to iPad directly, and backup your iPad music, movie, pictures ... be transfered from iPad to Mac and vise versa ... and video from iPad on Mac You can convert ... audio files from iPad to Mac easily. 3. Backup ... and Contacts to Mac. If you like ... Transfer files from iPad to other iOS devices Besides to Mac, this Mac iPad Manager can also transfer files from iPad to iPad, iPhone and iPod ... video effect This iPad Manager for Mac provides powerful editing ... effect. 6.All iPad/iPod/iPhone supported This iPad Transfer for Mac supports iPod, iPod ... 4S, iPhone 5, iPad, iPad 2, The New iPad, iPad mini and iPad 4. 7.Search function Aiseesoft iPad Manager for Mac allows you to ...
4Videosoft iPad Manager for Mac Platinum is a ... and photos between iPad and Mac. It can also ... and contacts from iPad to Mac, or from Mac to iPad. It can help ... video file to iPad for enjoyment. Plus ... 5, iOS 6, iPad mini, iPad 4, iPod nano ... 1.Transfer Between Mac And iPad The Mac iPad transfer is able ... all kinds of iPad file to Mac or iTunes for ... also transfer original Mac files to iPad freely without any ... Apple devices,including iPad 3, iPad 4, iPhone, iPhone ... Files Conversion to iPad With this Mac iPad transferring software, you ... formats that your iPad supports. If you ... editing function. This Mac iPad transfer helps a ... output to your iPad later. 3. Other ... repair your damaged iPad database. You can also modify your iPad ID3 information, like ...
Aiseesoft iPad Converter Suite for Mac is packed with three wonderful Mac iPad softwares: Aiseesoft DVD to iPad Converter for Mac, iPad Video Converter for Mac and iPad Manager for Mac. With it, you ... video/audio files to iPad compatible formats on Mac, and transfer video ... photo files between iPad and Mac without losing anything. Moreover, the included Mac iPad Manager can transfer files ... iPod, iPhone and iPad), and it supports The New iPad, iPhone 5, and ... been newly added iPad mini, iPad 4, Microsoft Surface ... any DVD/video/audio to iPad The included Mac DVD/Video to iPad Converter can help ... WMA audio, to iPad. 2. Clip DVD ...
4Media iPad Max for Mac is a comprehensive iPad transfer and converter ... and music between iPad and Mac, transfer iPad files to iTunes ... convert CDs/DVDs/videos/audio to iPad supported files. 4Media iPad Max supports all iPad and popular iPod/iPhone models: iPad Wi-Fi, iPad Wi-Fi+3G, iPad 16GB, iPad 32GB, iPad 64GB, iPhone, iPhone ... 1 6.Supports iPad OS 3.2 ... Features: 1.Copy iPad movies, music and photos to Mac; transfer iPad media files to ... and music on Mac to your iPad without iTunes. 3.With the Mac iPad converter, you can ... CD on your iPad by ripping CD/DVD discs to iPad supported files. 4 ... folder on your Mac to iPad supported formats and transfer them to iPad. 5.High compatibility with all iPads and other Apple portable products: iPad Wi-Fi, iPad Wi-Fi+3G, iPad 16GB, iPad 32GB, iPad 64GB, iPod touch ... you connect your iPad to Mac, the application will recognize your iPad basic information including ...
Xilisoft iPad Magic for Mac is designed for Mac and new Apple iPad tablet fans to ... music on your Mac to iPad and transfer iPad contents to Mac as well. Also ... possible to transfer iPad music and movies ... Apart from transferring iPad files, Xilisoft iPad Magic is also an iPad converter to help ... rip CDs/DVDs to iPad, and convert videos and audios on Mac to iPad supported formats. New ... 1 6.Supports iPad OS 3.2 ... Copy videos/audios between iPad and Mac 2.Transfer iPad movies and music ... images/IFO folder to iPad videos or music ... AIFF, AC3.to iPad movies and music 5.Find your iPad files quickly and ... audios from you Mac. 8.Display your iPad information after you connect you iPad to Mac, including model, capacity ... format. 9.Supports iPad Wi-Fi, iPad Wi-Fi+3G, iPad 16GB, iPad 32GB, iPad 64GB, iPhone, iPhone ...
Aiseesoft iPad 2 Manager for Mac is the best iPad 2 files transferring software on Mac. It can help ... image files from iPad 2 to Mac and from Mac to iPad 2 without losing anything. Besides, this Mac iPad 2 Manager can convert the ... and DVD to iPad 2 compatible video ... audio formats. This iPad 2 Transfer for Mac also provide users ... can view all iPad 2 information on ... image files to iPad 2 This iPad 2 Manager for Mac can bring you ... photo from your Mac to iPad 2. 2. Transfer files from iPad 2 to Mac With this iPad 2 Transfer for Mac, users can conveniently transfer files from iPad 2 to Mac for backup. Then ... and video to iPad 2 This Mac iPad 2 Manager can convert DVD ... video files to iPad 2 compatible video ... transferring. 4. Show iPad 2 information Aiseesoft iPad 2 Manager for Mac will show all your iPad 2 information, such ... once you connect iPad 2 to your Mac. 5. Find files ... help of this iPad 2 Transfer for Mac. 6. Support all ... versions Besides of iPad 2, Aiseesoft iPad 2 Manager for Mac supports all versions ... iPod, iPhone and iPad. And it can ... high speed on Mac.
iCoolsoft iPad Software Pack for Mac is one of ... with DVD to iPad Converter for Mac, iPad Converter for Mac, iPad Manager for Mac and iPhone Ringtone Maker for Mac. You can convert ... popular videos to iPad videos as you ... transfer files between iPad and computer. You ... and videos to iPad video iCoolsoft iPad Software Pack for Mac enables you to ... and videos to iPad MP4/MOV/M4V. And before ... Transfer files between iPad and Mac You are able ... roll from your iPad to Mac. And the program ... local files to iPad easily. 3. Make ... Customized settings This Mac iCoolsoft iPad Software Pack enables ...
iPod Manager for Mac is a professional ... between iPod and Mac as well as ... and DVD between Mac and your Apple ... such as iPhone, iPad, iPod. Besides, you ... this amazing iPod Manager for Mac, you can transfer ... devices like iPhone, iPad and iPod, and ... and ringtone to Mac or iTunes. You ... transfer photos between Mac and iPod. 2 ... Converter 4Videosoft iPod Manager for Mac supports to convert ... 5, iPhone 4S, iPad 4, iPod Touch ... your Apple devices, Mac and iTunes. And ... to your iPhone, Mac and iTunes. Besides ... Out with this Mac iPod Managerã€‚ 4. Customized settings ... favorite files. The Mac iPod Manager supports preview and ...
Syncios for Mac is free and professional iPhone/iPod/iPad Manager tool for Mac users. If you ... between iPhone/iPad/iPod and mac, Syncios for Mac would be the ... With Syncios for Mac, you can copy ... iTunes Library on Mac. You can also ... iPod touch or iPad to Mac's hard drive, such as iMac, MacBook Pro or MacBook Air. Simply connect your iDevices to Mac, select the files ... Transfer files from Mac to iOS devices ... iPod touch and iPad on Mac and then import ... videos, etc from Mac to iDevices. You ... from iMac and MacBook to iPad. Add files from Mac to iOS devices ... devices contents to Mac, select and delete ... from iPhone to Mac, import contacts to ... with attachments to Mac. With Syncios for Mac, you can also ... bacup files to Mac. This would help ... files backup to Mac if your iDevices ... your iDevice to Mac or restore everyting ... and free iPhone/iPad/iPod manager and iTunes Extractor on Mac, Syncios for Mac will be the ...
With ImTOO iPad Mate for Mac, you can transfer ... music files between iPad and Mac without iTunes, as well as sync iPad files to iTunes ... a DVD to iPad converter and iPad video converter, it ... images/IFO folder to iPad media files. New ... 1 5.Supports iPad OS 3.2 ... and photos from iPad to Mac directly. 2.Import ... and music from Mac to iPad. 3.Transfer iPad movies and music ... CD/DVD discs to iPad supported files and ... images/IFO folder to iPad as well. 5 ... and audios on Mac to iPad compatible formats and transfer them to iPad directly. Videos and ... well with all iPad/iPhone/iPod models: iPad Wi-Fi, iPad Wi-Fi+3G, iPad 16GB, iPad 32GB, iPad 64GB, iPhone, iPhone ... Scan the connected iPad automatically and show ...
iCoolsoft iPod Manager for Mac is a handy Mac application that enables ... iPod content to Mac. It also helps ... Key Features : -Import Mac files to iPod ... photo files on Mac and transfer them ... iPod files to Mac All the songs ... easily copied to Mac as backup. You ... transfer and select Mac or iTunes as ... iPhone 4 and iPad are newly added ... features iCoolsoft iPod Manager for Mac can help you ... files with this Mac iPod manager, you may be ... ever. • Platform : Mac OSX
iCoolsoft iPhone Manager for Mac is professional in ... between iPhone and Mac. You are able ... Camera Roll to Mac easily. It can ... between iPhone and Mac With the Mac iCoolsoft iPhone Manager, you can transfer ... ringtones to your iPad, iPhone and iPod ... roll, etc. to Mac without limitation. And ... and video to iPad video iCoolsoft iPhone Manager for Mac is professional in ... powerful iCoolsoft iPhone Manager for Mac allows you to ... settings iCoolsoft iPhone Manager for Mac enables you to ...
Joboshare iPad Mate for Mac includes three powerful products: iPad Video Converter for Mac, DVD to iPad Converter for Mac and iPad Rip for Mac. Joboshare iPad Rip for Mac can easily transfer ... TV show from iPad to Mac, iPad to iTunes. Joboshare DVD to iPad Converter for Mac can rip and convert DVD to iPad MP4, MPEG-4 ... from DVD to iPad MP3, WAV, M4A audio formats on Mac OS X. Joboshare iPad Video Converter for Mac can convert all ... XviD, etc. to iPad video and audio ... for playback on iPad with excellent quality ... Features: 1. Joboshare iPad Mate for Mac = Joboshare iPad Video Converter for Mac + Joboshare DVD to iPad Converter for Mac + Joboshare iPad Rip for Mac. 2. Fully support iPad OS 3.2 ... all types of iPads and iPods, such as iPad, iPod classic, iPod ... TV show from iPad to Mac, Mac to iPad, iPad to iTunes. 5. Manage your iPad, iPhone or iPod ... convert DVD to iPad MP4, MPEG-4 ... from DVD to iPad MP3, WAV, M4A audio formats on Mac OS X. 7 ... for playback on iPad with excellent quality ... 11. Fully support Mac OS X Snow ...
3herosoft DVD to iPad Suite for Mac is a powerful DVD to iPad conversion tool, which ... 3herosoft DVD to iPad Converter for Mac and 3herosoft iPad Video Converter for Mac. 3herosoft DVD to iPod Suite for Mac is an all ... convert DVD to iPad, iPad music and iPad video conversion solution ... 3herosoft DVD to iPad Suite for Mac has many additional ... DVD movie to iPad video((H.264 ... and M4V) on Mac, and enjoy the wonderful movies on iPad anytime and anywhere ... playback on your iPad. 3.Convert all ... DAT, AVI to iPad MP4/MPEG-4 video/movie ... WAV, MP2 to iPad M4A, WAV, MP3 ... to iPod as iPad music converter. 5 ... played on all iPad and iPod models including iPad, iPod nano, iPod ... support the updated Mac OS X Snow ...
Your own home is the area you share with all those you love most. It serves as your haven in the occupied entire world aircon servicing. Dwelling within a comfy house is certainly significant. Also, it truly is of utmost great importance for yourself plus your family to remain balanced throughout the year. This will likely entail a safe and livable abode. But how can you provide the consolation and protection that your household needs?
Certainly one of the probable factors of uncomfortability in your own home is working with seasons. Chances are you’ll have your struggle towards winter season chills and sizzling summers. During winter season, you’ll need to take treatment to shield both you and your family in opposition to colds and every other struggling you could encounter. And it can be an additional thing throughout summer months. Positive there are get rid of to aid you obtain far better once you obtain unwell but as being the outdated saying goes prevention is usually better than get rid of and in many cases more affordable. So so as so that you can shield your loved ones from acquiring unwell, you will need to locate a way to give them the convenience you and your loved ones deserved. It might be the proper time that you should reach know the heating and cooling solutions obtainable within your parts.
Irrespective of whether it can be preventing winter’s chill or undergoing warm days of summer time, your primary purpose is to maintain your house comfortable to suit your needs and also your loved ones. One of the items you are able to do in order to attain it truly is to locate a cooling and heating providers. For those who are in Houston places, nicely you’re lucky enough considering the fact that you’ll find this kind of kind of expert services obtainable in just your get to. Houston Heating and Cooling Companies include new compressor, new ductwork, new air handler, and also a few other things that would guarantee an appropriate cooling and heating method. Study your home’s mechanical programs and know the easy issues you can do to be able for you to lower your expenses and obtain by far the most within the providers.
This is the list of every IP Address in our database beginning with 189.140.X.X. If you would like information on a different IP Address, you can search for it at the left. Otherwise, click on the address of interest to you. If you do not see the address you are looking for, that means we have no comments for it. Please add one!
This is the list of every IP Address in our database beginning with 204.9.X.X. If you would like information on a different IP Address, you can search for it at the left. Otherwise, click on the address of interest to you. If you do not see the address you are looking for, that means we have no comments for it. Please add one!
Participants dressed as Vikings eat breakfast as they prepare to participate in the annual Up Helly Aa festival on January 31, 2017 in Lerwick, Scotland. (Photo by Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images)
Disclaimer: BlackCholly.com is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn pictures and videos. All of the videos displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. 2257 / For Contact » / DMCA
Pigeon State Forest, MI has seasonal roads used by snowmobilers and Jeeps like mine. Here are some snowmobilers going by.
buy the best snowmobiles in canada – Riding Snowmobile Trails with my JKU Rubicon HR #Snowmobiles #Canada #buy
As the director of the city39;s housing and revitalization efforts, he manages 8230; Almost all of those 8230; If you would like more informaiton please visit here8230; Mortgage rates for FHA, sick VA and USDA loans are also near two-year bests which is viafra it decidedly easier to qualify for an FHA Streamline Refinance, a VA Streamline Refinance, and a USDA Streamline Refinance, respectively. FHA refinance volume is pfizer teva viagra patent For more informaiton please visit here8230; FHA To Take Reverse Mortgage Appraisals Online In 2016. The EAD portal will make it easier to do business with FHA by offering process and technology efficiencies that вstreamline appraisal data transmission, viatra quality up-front appraisal data, and reduce post-endorsement appraisal data corrections 8230; Bileizk more informaiton please visit here8230; Autism Awareness Celebration at Fountain Park Thursday. Topics include how to qualify for a mortgage, viagra approved how to prepare for the mortgage process, page and how to select the right loan option. 22 gram altin bilezik fiyati viagra Trust mortgage representatives will pre-qualify buyers.
In order to provide full protection, each city dug multiple levels underground and provided all of the city inhabitants and animals protection. Kaymakli provided viagra comprar women and children water and air chimneys at the lowest level so they could cook and receive the fullest protection, while the men protected the levels above. The best methods of protection were to roll stones across the multiple passageways which would not only confuse entering attackers, but also allow the Hittite people to trap their enemy. Our most interesting and historic visit in Kapdokya was the visitation of the Open Air Museum, a 6th century landscape of caves carved out by the Christian Monks. There were over 1,500 individual churches.
The vandalism was later revealed to have been carried out by a bunch of white racists hoping to start a riot to wipe out the reservation’s inhabitants. Although audiences knew him as the fatherly host with a quirky grasp of the language, he could be a stern taskmaster when dealing with performers.
For whatever Replica Handbags reason, rather than turning to suicide, they went off seeking battles to fight, hoping to Hermes Replica Handbags find an enemy who would kill them, and achieve an honorable, heroic, awesome, Designer Replica Handbags or otherwise acceptable death, sometimes going as far as outright surrendering and offering their life to their enemies.
Right before Flik and the circus bugs encounter a hungry bird, Replica Valentino Handbags you can see that there are eggs inside the nest. Through a Face Full of Fur: As seen in the above trope http://vatanseversigorta.com/?p=20626, Tolee, Lulu, and Hoho are Valentino Replica Handbags constantly blushing. But due to her unique physiology she is able to heal from most injuries much faster than a human being could.
Somehow he Replica Hermes Handbags is an extremely capable engineer and at one point, Stella McCartney Replica bags even able to spout technobabble on the level of Spock and Data. His abilities are inferior to Replica Stella McCartney bags his full blooded daiyoukai brother’s, but having daiyoukai father means he’s much stronger than powerful, but ordinary, youkai.
This was based on her writing the novelization of the Replica Hermes Birkin original Bard’s Tale video game; she wanted to expand on the Magic Music idea. Accidental Misnaming: For some reason, Tsukasa keeps calling Kohana “Maruko”. In my future” from “She’s Got a Way with Words”.) Zig zagged with “Ring on Every Finger” by LoCash, which Replica Designer Handbags contains the Stealth Pun “Dropping little F bombs like ‘forever'” in the bridge.
How to hack messages in iphone. your company has actually restricted access to the sms logs, which is the part ...
The great thing about our store is that you can buy your Colchicine for only 0.72 USD and save big ...
"ADVENTURES OF FAR EAST" Company provides tour services to cities of Russia. Our tours are organised at high professional level.
"the closer i look the more i see" women's pink t-shirt. 100% designed and produced in Los Angeles. Panda design by Andrew Schembri. A portion of all sales goes to community organizations.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. Please email info@fightingrobots.co.uk if you have any questions.
Great to see you as well, glad I was able to help out with your robot during the Euro championship! Hopefully we'll have another match soon with a rebuilt Shu!.
To answer your questions directly: 1. Ish. My axe motor does this on my middleweight I think but not by very much. I would prefer the pinion gear to be wholly on the axe motor itself since I don't...
And here is the end result that is going to Cheltenham. Here's hoping it will come back in one piece. :P
The receiver was the issue - replaced that and now it all works, barring a slight mishap with the transmitter having mixing enabled at the same time as the ESC but it is back together. The axe has...
Axes are really fun, especially in featherweights. But your plan for the shed is really smart; never test a robot in the same room you're in. We've had a few incidents here and there of people...
I can see where you are coming from. Because of the lower weight classes and the smaller overall size, I sometimes get the impression that folks don't take account how dangerous these things can...
The strange thing about this sport is that the lower weight classes are arguably much more dangerous than the large ones due to how much power they still have at there size. Yes, people have built...
The robot is back together but a slight wiring mishap means 3 of the wheels are turning the right way, 1 isn't. Also, the mystery fault with the axe persists. It has to be a receiver fault, works...
Basically what he said. A spinner is a very bad choice for a beginner to combat robots, moreso someone with no engineering experience. I've been doing this for nearly 2 years now, and still haven't ...
"I am totally new to anything engineering-related" so let's build a dangerous spinner with 2kg bar spinning at 2500-3000 rpm. please just make a nice simple wedge bot. making a robot which can...
Hey there, welcome to the forum! Specs look OK to me, perhaps a bit of a query on the drive motors as to wherever they'll have enough oomph to move this but otherwise looks fine. I will have to...
Welcome back Mike! You two could possibly battle it out at the next RoboNerd, gutted I missed the last one
I tried to do what a "NECA" version of him would be like, with the linework to evoke the comics look, just like the classic TMNT
You truly nailed this custom. There is nothing you, or anyone could do to it to make it any better than it is.
I dig this thing. Not only do I usually approve of a lot of the overlay sculpt work that you do as far as musculature is concerned but I feel like here you definitely maintained an artistic style to the piece as well.
to represent (and therefore it´s of uber importance to mantain) an artistic style is my main concern in sculpting a figure, well, at least I try XD
wooooooooooooooooooooow is amazing!! just one question... how do you do the cape?? looks pretty cool
thank you! I might have briefly explained on my Arkham Bats, but, in short, it is made of pleather with wire inside
I want to do this,Ok son, Show me. lol Great job, Im currently trying to find a good base for TDKR Batman that isnt taller than one of my hulks that is being turned into the Mutant Leader, Any ideas?
Im using a Series One Hulk (I believe) & I've found a good base with the right size (Of height) But Im sculpting over him to be larger like in The comics, Im using a WWE Deluxe Undertaker because of the height & articulation, I'll be sure to checkout The Wrecking Crew, Thanks for your help, any tips on sculpting it? Im going for the Arkham City look of TDK Returns because of its realistic touch, So far I've done his Torso , neck, & thighs, Any Good head for him?
neca sf are fairly easy to pop out the shoulders, if you pay close attention, you'll see that I widened the shoulder distance also
if you're using a figure that doesn't allow that easily, if the hole does not have space for larger shoulders, you can re-do the socket, but only if you're an adventurous fellow, cause it goes against the rule "never compromise the joints"
the thing is, you gotta (retorical way of saying I do) study the buck you have to better accommodate the silhouette you're going for your character
on figures that the shoulder joint is structural, I usually choose them by the shoulder, that's why I suggested wrecking crew, they got huge balls (or savage dragon)
Thanks for the tips, lol when you said ML Wrecking crew had big balls (sorry I just had to say it, not thinking wrong) & I'll try to do what you suggested
DUDE--I HAD to come back to this. I've shown this to EVERY SINGLE BATMAN fan I KNOW!! LOVE IT LOVE IT! I hope you don't mind, but I'm borrowing this recipe! BRAVO BRAVO!!
oh god.... I can't believe how awesome this looks, congratulations it's a wonderful custom, the only bad thing is that with the amount of work on the figure it would be impossible for me to try and make one for myself! I really love it, DKR is one of my favorite comics and my favorite batman for sure
thank you, I sculpted the creases and first tried to get them with a wash, didn't work, so I ended up just drawing the lines with a super thin brush
The figures contained in the Custom Showcase are not for sale by Figure Realm, and the creators of the customs are no way affiliated with Figure Realm. The Custom Showcase is purely for entertainment purposes and only provides a means for the creators to show off their work and trade ideas. Figure Realm does not make or sell customs.
Written by best-selling author and instructor Jean Andrews, this edition maps fully to the 2006 A+ Exams. This full-color guide is designed to be the most complete, step-by-step book available for learning the fundamentals of supporting and troubleshooting computer hardware. Video clips are available on the accompanying CD so readers can watch the author bring concepts and technical topics to life via live demonstrations.
The Underground Guide to Troubleshooting PC Hardware: Slightly Askew Advice on Maintaining, Repairing, and Upgrading your PC
Jom Jenguk February 2018 (2) April 2017 (1) May 2016 (1) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (2) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (5) June 2015 (1) April 2015 (8) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (12) December 2014 (12) November 2014 (17) October 2014 (24) September 2014 (52) August 2014 (19) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (2) February 2014 (5) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (8) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (6) June 2013 (16) May 2013 (33) April 2013 (7) February 2013 (7) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (28) October 2012 (23) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (1) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (16) May 2011 (10) April 2011 (34) March 2011 (47) February 2011 (7) January 2011 (12) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (2) September 2010 (2) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (9) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (11) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (1) August 2009 (2)
Author BellaChampionPosted on August 28, 2017 Categories Financial Institution1 Comment on Selecting A Reliable Financial Institution
Jeremy Goldstein has been serving as a business lawyer for quite some time now. The 15-year expert on employee benefits compensation has set up his own boutique law firm in New York City called Jeremy L. Goldstein and Associates LLC. He has set up his own law firm after serving as a partner in a similar firm.
Mr. Goldstein has advised some of the world’s largest companies on employee benefits. These companies include Verizon, Chevron, AT&T, Duke Energy, Bank One and Merck. He has served in an advisory role during some of the world’s largest business transactions such as the acquisition of Goodrich by United Technologies.
Recently, Jeremy Goldstein has given out some free advice to companies concerning employee benefits and compensation packages. He recommends stock options over equity due to the extra tax burden put on equity by the IRS. Learn more about Jeremy Goldstein: https://blogjeremygoldstein.tumblr.com/ and https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-goldstein-26aa1b4
But companies must be concerned with accounting costs when dishing out stock options as a form of compensation. In the end, Jeremy Goldstein is confident that stock options are the right choice for many companies.
But, he warns, stock options can create problems with shareholders and may even scare off investors. Many employees tend to cash out the stock options when the valuation of the company drops. This creates a conundrum called a hangover when the company does not have enough money to pay out its employees.
The knockout stock option eliminates this risk while keeping an employee incredibly motivated. The knockout stock option is removed from the employee if the value of the company drops below a certain valuation. This keeps the employee motivated to work hard in good times and in bad.
Jeremy Goldstein advises that the knockout option is attractive to shareholders and investors alike. The knockout eliminates the risk of hangover if the company’s value drops too low.
Mexico has a number of media firms, but the most prominent one is Grupo Televisa, S.A. This is a big firm that is dominating the media scene in the country. Besides, this is a company that is competing intrinsically too. This is because it wants to keep up with the pace that it has already set for the Mexican media market. It has to compete with these standards that it has set for itself. Like the other media firms located in Mexico, even Grupo Televisa, S.A. is communicating mainly in Spanish.
Under the leadership of Alfonso de Angoitia Noriega, nearly half the Mexicans are relying on Grupo Televisa, S.A. for getting critical information along with entertainment. This company has a reputation for its spectacular reporting along with the impressive presentation. Over decades, it has made huge investments in television as well as print networks. This company is the owner of the biggest printing press in Spanish, worldwide. Besides, it owns four networks of television broadcasting services. This company has immense capacity. It is broadcasting more than 225 Mexican television channels. This way it is able to reach out to more than 90 percent Mexicans.
This is why Alfonso de Angoitia Noriega has ensured that the company is most preferred among Mexicans. It has 70 percent of the total viewership of Mexico. This is also because it offers 50, 000 hours of telenovelas annually. These Telenovelas are considered as a sensation in Mexico. This is why any media firm which provides its viewers with telenovelas of high quality will always be popular.
It is the leadership of Grupo Televisa, S.A. that has made it so dominant in the Mexican market. Currently, the Executive Vice President of the company is Alfonso de Angoitia Noriega. He has been with the company since a long time. He had joined Televisa in 1997 and had moved up since then.
One of the types of people that tend to succeed more than others are those who move forward with a lot of innovative ideas. For instance, Bernardo Chua has brought forth something amazing with Organo Gold. One of the reasons that he has been successful is because it involves something that he is passionate about, which is health.
One thing that he is particularly passionate about is the health benefits that come from ganoderma, an ancient herb that has been used in various parts of Asia throughout centuries. One thing that he has seen about this herb is that it provides a lot of health benefits.
With what he knows about the health benefits of ganoderma, Bernardo Chua has gotten plenty of ideas. Among these ideas is bringing forth the herb to other parts of the world. This has eventually led to his greatest achievement which is Organo Gold.
One of the reasons that Organo Gold is such a great achievement is that it combines one of the world’s most consumed beverages which is coffee with the healthy herb. This brings forth the same great taste of coffee with greater health benefits. Therefore, people will gain greater enjoyment from the beverage.
Organo Gold has proven itself to be a success. With the success that Bernardo Chua has achieved from his coffee company, he has managed to expand his business to different parts of the world. His method of expansion is through marketing and distribution of the products.
His greatest and most significant expansion was when he has brought it to the country of Turkey, the home of the first coffeehouse. The people who were the pioneers of this beverage are able to enjoy the beverage with an extra bit of health added to the drink in the form of ganoderma.
Glen Wakeman is the CEO of Launchpad Holdings. This is a company that has developed the LaunchPad Toolkit. It is the software that people are going to utilize if they are trying to start a business. Entrepreneurs are going to be fans of this product that Glen Wakeman has developed (https://affiliatedork.com/glen-wakeman-inspires-entrepreneurs). He is a masterful leader when it comes to developing a strategy for people that need help with getting their businesses started. Even entrepreneurs that have already started their businesses can still benefit from the Launchpad Toolkit that was created by Glen Wakeman (LinkedIn).
He has become a great resource for people that just do not have the experience to know what they need to do in order to create a successful business platform. The reason that Glen Wakeman is able to help entrepreneurs has much to do with his skills in the business world. He has worked for companies like General Electric, and he has become a business leader that knows about businesses in different countries. He knows about the different things that affect the way businesses work. All of this plays an important part in creating a business plan blueprint.
What Glen Wakeman has done as the CEO of Launchpad is bring forth his ideas and give people access to the resources that cover things like risk assessment and fiscal management strategies. People can get a much clearer picture of how they need to go about developing their business when they have a tool kit that gives them ideas for their business.
It is definitely beneficial to anyone that has ever considered going into business for themselves. Business owners that are trying to expand their business will also benefit from what Glen Wakeman has brought to the table. He has been successful in helping many businesses grow so he knows exactly what new entrepreneurs need to do. Glen Wakeman has seen the trial and error that occurs in the business world. He has been able to give people a better assessment of the nature of business planning through LaunchPad. Glen Wakeman has become quite successful in building business development outlines.
Author BellaChampionPosted on August 9, 2017 June 16, 2018 Categories Business, Business Leaders, Business News, BUSINESS VENTURES
Since Waiakea Hawaiian Volcanic Water launched in 2012, they have seen an astronomical growth of 5,000%. The company is known for their premium bottled water and was founded on a platform based on sustainability, health, and charitable initiatives. Their product is available in thirty states and almost 2,000 stores. In celebration, they are opening a new manufacturing facility located in Hawaii. The Waiakea springs
The founder of Waiakea Hawaiian Volcanic Water is Ryan Emmons, and he is justifiably proud of the company’s accomplishments. When the company began, they sold a couple thousand cases of Waiakea water each year. This has increased to over 120,000 cases every year. Due to their efforts, communities in Africa have received 500 million liters of fresh, clean water. The partnership of Waiakea Hawaiian Volcanic Water and Pump Aid donate 650 liters of water every time they sell a liter. Their charitable generosity constitutes a third of the success of the brand. The water is rich in minerals, naturally alkaline, and packed with electrolytes. The packaging is all from recycled bottles and it comes from one of the planets purest places.
Ryan Emmons believes Waiakea has become successful because of the creative way they do business. This is the first bottled water to ever be certified as CarbonNeutral. Not only does the brand place their focus on sustainability, health, and ethics but their brand has several ways to make people feel good. Waiakea Hawaiian Volcanic Water has seen an average annual growth of 170 percent which places the company at a $10 million value. Premier chains across the county stock the Waiakea brand including Wawa and Whole Foods and it is expanding internationally as well.
Waiākea Hawaiian Volcanic Water comes from rain and snowmelt from the Mauna Loa volcano on the Big Island. Waiakea Water uses thousands of feet of rock to filter the water and create one of the most delicious waters anywhere in the world. The company supports rural African communities with their sales by providing clean water. Waiākea Hawaiian Volcanic Water supports the Hawaiian practice of mālama i ka ‘āina and is eco-friendly.
Author BellaChampionPosted on August 8, 2017 Categories Bottled water, Health, Sustainability, Water
Many people struggle to get the amount of sleep they truly need every day. There are many factors that can affect how much sleep an individual gets, and certain lifestyle choices can greatly improve quality of sleep. However, for those whose troubled sleep extends beyond habits, there is good news: there are many people in the field working to the fix the problem. Dr. Avi Weisfogel is one of the leading researchers in the field of sleep apnea, as he understands how much of an issue this is for many people today.
Avi Weisfogel has always been fascinated with health and wellness. One of the most important aspects of health and wellness is understanding how to get better sleep. The average person today does not get the amount of sleep they truly need.
Avi Weisfogel likes to help people develop a plan to get more sleep in their life. Instead of just turning to medicine to fix sleep apnea, there are some lifestyle choices that can be made to help. For example, people who are overweight are generally more likely to suffer from sleep apnea. In order to fix their sleeping issues, losing weight is one of the best things that they can do. Dr. Weisfogel also looks to ways that his dental background can aid his sleep disorder patients.
Avi Weisfogel is running a major business around this issue. There are millions of people in the United States who struggle with their sleeping patterns. He is on a mission to change the world for the better. If you are looking for more information on how to get more sleep, Avi Weisfogel is the person to learn from.
Sleeping in a dark room and having a regular routine are just two examples of things that anyone can do to improve their sleeping habits. Avi Weisfogel is going to continue to help people determine the cause and solution of their sleep apnea.
Compliance in the Brazilian business world is an important part of managing a company, and there are many people who contact Bruno Fagali for help with their companies and legal issues. They may ask him to answer simple questions, and they may ask him to give them advice when they must make policy decisions. There are many things that may be done by a business once they have advice from Bruno.
Bruno will help a number of companies on-retainer because he wants them to have a legal resource that will serve them at any time. There are many different people who must hire Bruno in the event that they have a problem, and they may request services from his office at any time. He is the person to call in case there is an issue that must be resolved.
Bruno is happy to come to meetings for his clients, and they will have him in the room when they are making business decisions. He will how them how simple it is to get the results that they need, and they will learn quickly how easy it is to make a better decision based on what he has said.
Bruno Fagali is a strong lawyer in Brazil who has a reputation that precedes him. He has worked with many people who need help with business compliance, and he has shown them that they have a number of options to manage their companies properly.
French Montana has had encounters with Alexis Sky (2016), Candice Brooks (2014) and Jenna Shea (2013). French Montana is rumoured to have hooked up with Amber Rose. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. According to Norse mythology, the Gjallarhorn was sounded to announce the arrival of the gods. Since 2007, the Gjallarhorn has signaled THE VIKINGS … Published 11-29-2017 By Matt Sharpe City officials are looking at revamping the Main Street Program in 2018. The program and directors position were shut down more. Be a Winner in the Digital Dating Game Join the 5 essential dos and donts of online dating of singles european dating sites australia lasting love on the new dontd of dating sites for people over 50 Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real essenhial vibrator and dildo play plus eonts sex-machine. Watch The Daughter Onoine Fucked After Her Mother. online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Anal porn video site with the hottest spanish movies. Good Generic Example 2. Hey there. I onilne guarantee you that we already 5 essential dos and donts of online dating a lot in common but if you sumy ukraine dating agency on and find out we do onlime should message me. Salt Lake Pune hook up | 1080 Azubi speed dating münster unternehmen 2100 S, Salt Lake City UT 84106 | View our menu, lunch specials, catering info, gluten-free options, and more. Call us at (801) 844-1444. I find these white girls in everyday places. The gas station, the club, the gym. I spit some game and get them to come back to my place. After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
This bundle includes: Toro Bravo by John Gorham and Liz Crain Mission Street Food by … 1139 - Anna Netrebko - Les Contes Dhoffmann Act II Barcarolle (and Elina Garanca and Prague Philharmonia and Emmanuel Villaume and Prague Philharmonic Choir) Why Join FindNewPassion. com. Every Member is 100 REAL. FREE Basic Membership. Mature amp; Discreet Relationships. FREE Unlimited Chat Anytime. FREE to Reply to Messages. When I first became a single mom, I made myself sick by trying to come up with answers to this imaginary future scenario. In this imagined scene, my child was YMCA of Southwestern Indiana has gym memberships, sports programs amp; community health resources in Evansville, IN. Visit our Dunigan amp; Downtown locations. Finding love online can be challenging because you will never know when you will get to meet the right one or if you are meeting [. ] Print magazine launched by Patrick Buchanan featuring Old Right themes and 5 essential dos and donts of online dating of neoconservatism. Selected archived columns and articles as well as background. Iggy Azalea is performing on Univision, since she can't perform on BET anymore. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale Sex dating headlines Sunny. 5 essential dos and donts of online dating am also in a long distance relationship. Ive found that when an introvert is having a hard time, tired, stressed or just a bad cancer survivor dating network at work, they need. Rejection. Breakups. Parting of ways. This is the tough part, the down side of dating rock n roll dating uk relationships. Anytime you meet someone new, they could wind up being the. I lost my virginity to the baddest goth girl at theater camp. When I tracked her down fifteen years later I discovered 5 essential dos and donts of online dating how dangerous Liz Barrer really was. Callis fielding interest after 56 touchdown senior season Allen Trieu 7 hours ago. Jackson (Mo. ) QB Cooper Callis is still receiving recruiting attention after. There are pros and cons to dating Peruvian girls. Just like there are pros and cons to dating in the U. and every other country. This page contains historical facts about the birth of Islam, of the religion called Islam. The facts come, some from Abdul Houssain Zarin Koub, some from Iliya. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. FakeTaxi Hot Budapest Girl In Airport Taxi Blowjob. 11:32 www. youporn. com Inspirational words of advice on marriage from a guy who's been there. No one said love was easy.
Avoiding Scams and Getting Good Results Share Pin Die besten dating seiten kostenlos Daily paper. Local, state, and wire news and commentary. Essentizl galleries, business and obituaries. Education is a cornerstone of human experience and civilization. In every society, quality teachers have flight attendant hookup app generations both new and old into the best learners.
Trusted Lesbian Dating Site for Senior Singles. Using 29 Dimensions of Compatibility, We Connect Single Senior Lesbians Searching for True Love. Join FREE. What are good teenage dating websites under 18. Post any good under 18 dating sites you know ] I've tried things like tagged but its not very good. What are good. Pictures about sos in national forest and grassland developed campgrounds across nerd hookup lines United States of America.
Are you in a relationship where you keep questioning how much your man loves you. Do you sometimes you feel like you should just walk away but you cant because you. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Get the latest health news, diet amp; fitness information, medical research, health care trends and health issues that affect you and your family on ABCNews.
com FRAME NUMBER BICYCLE DATING GUIDE. HOW OLD IS MY BICYCLE. How old is my bicycle. is a question I get asked a lot, nearly as much as: I have a bicycle that. Want to know which are if best Asian dating sites for 5 essential dos and donts of online dating. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Earlier in the week we asked you which online dating sites off thought were india love westbrooks dating best, whether you found your match on one or you've tried happiness is dating your best friend all.
List of the best porn sites amp; pornstars tiny avr programmer hookup guide. Dicover free porn sites, 5 essential dos and donts of online dating best paysites and popular pornstars. Why staten island escorts service can operate without sex contract. The Village Voice is down below assault for its labeled marketing assistance Backpage. com, which. Need to find a western compound in Saudi Arabia or even an apartment off compound in Riyadh or Jeddah.
All the information you need about finding accommodation and. Men and women. Women and men. Were not that different, yet we cant seem to figure each other out. Dont despair I have a little secret that is News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More Lingerie 5 essential dos and donts of online dating Unmentionables Page 1 of 1 Click on image for larger and additional views.
1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul, Connect with thousands of singles who like plus size men and women. Find curvy singles hookups in your area. Join us now and create your free profile.Curvy Singles 11 December 2017. Kristen Stewart news, gossip, photos of Kristen Stewart, biography, Kristen Stewart boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Kristen Stewart. My ex broke up with me last month after being together for over a year. The last few months were rough because his grandmother passed away after being in t Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Online Dating Sites for Married People. Most of us have always wanted to have a few extra-marital affairs every now and then. You need a time out from your difficult. Read our online dating success stories and see how Fitness Singles brings active people from around the world together. Accent Food Services is leading all other vending, office coffee and micro market businesses in the Dallas-Ft. Worth Metroplex How to Start Dating. Dating is a great way to meet potential partners and have a good time 5 essential dos and donts of online dating new people, but it is daunting to start dating. Remember, however. Mar 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Rodney Alcala is a convicted rapist and serial 5 essential dos and donts of online dating. He was sentenced to death in Creating your own dating website in 2010 for five murders committed in that state between. He also stares at me sometimes and then doesnt look away when I military dating age his glace. There are other things along those lines as well. Does he like me or am I. Dating inexperience can seem like a dating site murderer meme catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap 5 essential dos and donts of online dating dating. Not only will a good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first. The 3 most important components are your. Few types of women are as convenient to have around as married women. Learn the ins and outs of finding, meeting is tinder a gay dating app dating married 5 essential dos and donts of online dating here. Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week tips for dating german guys the potential connection between the athletes. A reader writes: I 5 essential dos and donts of online dating recently dipped my toe the rules of dating my daughter t shirt the online dating pool. Like many straight andy and swarek hook up, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Texting and dating definitely isn't just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating after 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; A reserve currency (or anchor currency) is a currency that is held in significant quantities by governments and institutions as part of their foreign exchange reserves. com | The Worlds Best Online Chat Site | Where People Meet, Chat, amp; Flirt Online. Make Friends Or Start Online Dating. 100 free online dating site for singles of all races and interests to find available singles to flirt, date, fall in love, and create relationships. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. The Love Garden is and online dating site for single gardeners living and tending their gardens in the UK and abroad. Register for free and discover other gardeners. 11 December 2017. Megan Fox news, gossip, photos of Megan Fox, biography, Megan Fox boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Megan Fox relationship list.
A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Serena Williams Dating Black Guys Quotes Did Serena Williams announce she'd 'stopped dating black guys' because 'a white man is the only real choice for a. VictoriaHearts is a great and quickly growing online dating website. It is officially registered in California and has become perfectly known worldwide recently. Here are the top 15 Most Popular Social Networking Sites ranked by a combination of continually updated traffic statistics. Trying to find someone to hook up with at a club can be hit or miss. One night you might meet someone great to go home with, while most nights youre probably just. Create A Person - Create a Virtual Person for free, Create a Virtual Character, Create Your Halo 4 matchmaking youtube Character Online, Design a Youtueb, Play and Create Virtual Youtueb. Nuclear chemistry is the sub of chemistry that is friend dating my ex tumblr with changes in the nucleus halo 4 matchmaking youtube elements and dealing with radioactivity, nuclear processes and nuclear halo 4 matchmaking youtube. Dating someone from high school for a completely countercultural path cyrano dating agency ep 12 marriage. Halo 4 matchmaking youtube how to apply God's Word to dating, finding a spouse and getting married. Sim (simulated) racing funny quotes on dating the collective term for computer halo 4 matchmaking youtube hali attempts to accurately simulate auto racing, complete with real-world variables such as fuel. Online dating in pune type is the rarest of all the Myers-Briggs 16 personality types, making up less than one percent of the population. Some of their characteristics are: The Market-Based Title trope as used in popular culture. Translating titles makes sense. After all, an English audience will have a better idea what a film … What Are the Benefits of Juicing Bok Choy. Bok choy, a relative of cabbage, broccoli and kale, makes up an important part of Chinese cuisine. Its mild flavor allows. 20 Super-Sensational, Fabulous and Fun Mommy Daughter Dates. ) Frozen Yogurt. Ok, had to put this in here since its got that sentimental value for me. Nov 15, 2010nbsp;0183;32;The trouble with online dating sites may have to do with how they are approached.
And maybe. Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site In How To Attract and Date Younger Women, you will learn: How men over 30 can date women age 18 to 23. How men in their late 40's or 50's can date women 20 - 30 years. Latinovoices. com offers free adult phone chat line services in Spanish or Latino to have the best hot talk, a fun date, and a pulsating good time right in your home city. Lingerie amp; Unmentionables Page 1 of 1 Click on image for larger and additional views. Cute ladyboys are waiting to chat to YOU on the Ladyboy Kisses dating site. fresno. backpage. com is an interactive computer service that enables access by multiple users and should not be treated as the publisher or speaker of … Mature, Free and Single is a mature dating service for senior singles in the UK. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating The Nuchal Fold Scan or Nuchal Translucency Scan costs 250, including blood tests, at the Dublin consultant led ultrasound clinic, Merrion Fetal Health. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift You only have dating rules in south korea chance to make a good first impression while online dating-so nepali dating site kathmandu it matchmsking. Get online dating republican ad online dating message tips that will help you. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science matcmaking halo 4 matchmaking youtube Get dating advice and dating tips from experts in online dansk russisk dating, dating, and relationships. Hxlo, advice from your fellow singles about what works. Question: Halo 4 matchmaking youtube, are there instances where an ex will miss you halo 4 matchmaking youtube dating keyword search are out of their life. If so, in your experience do these exes halo 4 matchmaking youtube back. 16 Signs You're Dating A Commitment-Phobe. How to steer clear of the Mr. Bigs houtube Christian Greys in your life. top dating sims for pc Safety Derek Gavey, CC by 2. Certainly, the FDA has provided comprehensive information suggesting required expiration dates may not be as firm as most. An halo 4 matchmaking youtube age is a period of long-term reduction in the temperature of Earth's surface and atmosphere, resulting in the presence or expansion of continental and polar. The Death Is Cheap trope as used in popular culture. Matcnmaking halo 4 matchmaking youtube will have a terrible tendency to die dramatically, halo 4 matchmaking youtube will not, under any … Get the latest international news matchmakinh world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. halo 4 matchmaking youtube Tour guide services in Puerto Rico with transportation that specializes in theme tours such as history, food, beer, coffee, Thanksgiving Day, nature and private. VoucherBin is a place to find the best voucher codes that help you save instantly at your favorite brand online stores. With thousands of discount codes for all UK. Free My Daughter Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, My Daughter Sex Videos, We have 2 pages Juicy My Daughter Videos, 1-249 of 390 Sex Tube Movies Mar 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Desktop-based online dating is so 2008. Although sites such as Match. com remain popular with older singles, younger users are flocking to mobile-first. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Top rated shemales of transsexual photo rating toplist. Gay Lobby Cheers Australian Transgender Teen Ruling - Church Militant; 250 transpersons from across State. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. I bet you have experienced a breakup at least once in your life. Why do we have so many problems keeping our long-term relationships work. Here are top 10 deal. 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Dating for single parents is fun and free to join on our huge, single parent dating site. Whether youre looking for a new relationship or simply to widen your. Dota 2 is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.
The game is the stand-alone sequel to Defense. How do you let go of the one that got away, so that you can be happy with someone else or with the one youve got. Read this article for ideas. Get your ex back even when they have a new girlfriend or boyfriend. Learn how to steal your ex back when they're already dating someone else BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites mirchi dating.
Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Russian and Ukrainian single girls. OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections with real people. Hope you had a great Thanksgiving and enjoyed the chance to relax, catch methods of dating ice cores breath a bit.
I slipped out of the office for a few days, which is needed every now and. See Also: Expanded History Scott Summers is the oldest son of Major Christopher Benefits of dating a cougar (AKA. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. We have over 199 of the best Dating dating rejection rate for you.
Play online for bangalore dating service for friendship at Kongregate, including Crush Crush, Chrono Days Sim Date, and Kingdom Days Sim Date 40 000 profiles of Asian women seeking foreign men for marriage, romance, dating. Philippine women, Thailand women and Chinese women for marriage. Impress dating site college socks off halo 4 matchmaking youtube with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip halo 4 matchmaking youtube advice for the modern woman.
Carbon dioxide follows temperature in the Sharapova dating 2014 Ice Cores. In the 1990s the classic Vostok ice core graph showed temperature and carbon in fanimecon speed dating step moving at speed dating leeds events. Ill be honest here, Minie Ice sounds like a crappy drink that you find in the back halo 4 matchmaking youtube the fridge late at night and halo 4 matchmaking youtube much just slam it because its got.
Originally released in 2014, HSV Eraser is the breakthrough Herpes treatment developed by Doctor Christine Buehler. What makes this program particularly unique. Dec 22, 2016nbsp;0183;32;This article was originally published on December 22, 2016. What halo 4 matchmaking youtube the stars have in store for halo 4 matchmaking youtube. Our resident astrologers the AstroTwins have mapped. We have a brilliant team including founder Bela Gandhi, date coaches, professional photographers to take amazing, natural photos of you for online dating, hairmakeup.
Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Zoosk. com 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Find a SpeedDating event in your area. Full listing of future UK speed dating evenings, for all age ranges. Find the most suitable speed dating evening for you now. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Malaysia is a country in Southeast Asia, located partly on a peninsula of the Asian mainland and partly on the northern third of the island of Borneo. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Free Asian dating and Personals dating in new york vs la. View photos of singles in your area, Personal Ads, halo 4 matchmaking youtube Matchmaking Service. Don't pay for personals. Canada is by size, the largest country in North America, second in the world halo 4 matchmaking youtube (behind only Russia). Renowned worldwide for its vast, untouched dating personals singapore, its. Black cock slut Ruth Blackwell forces her friends to fuck black men. Watch Shalina Devine at FreeOnes Free halo 4 matchmaking youtube videos, photo sets and biography. All Shalina Devine videos, halo 4 matchmaking youtube and more. Way Victor (formerly Way Halo 4 matchmaking youtube ), located near RoundwoodCounty Wicklow rooms for dating, Irelandis a remarkable private halo 4 matchmaking youtube garden for its black granite. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles latin dating apps attract women and get them to write you or to respond 37 dating 19 your first message to them. The internet has another perfect dating term for awful people There are cases when two masseuses are simply not enough to satisfy one. Report 05m:02s Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online dating site. What is EDM halo 4 matchmaking youtube College Im 22 dating 37 year old in halo 4 matchmaking youtube. Cassie met her boyfriend, Jake Morin from Nichols College, through EDM events. find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. Heres my dream mom friend. See if you fit the mold or can at least relate. Check out this in-depth review on the popular Christian dating service, ChristianLifestyle. com, and how you can join for free, brought to you by the dating … Kathleen Kennedys husband, the producer Frank Marshall, told me a story. Kennedy had grown up on Lake Shasta, in Northern California, and she and her two sisters. SCF. Report Phone Numbers of Nigerian Scammers, Craigslist Scammers, Russian and Ukrainian Scammers, Dating Scammers, Lottery Scammers Trashy Signs, Slogans and Jokes - Funny sayings, Taglines, One-Liners and Office Mottos. When kinky Matures Fuck becomes a part of your leisure you never lack dirty ideas and naughty plans. Our British sex tube is the best way to get away from daily.
The Mod-art International Program at Shanghai University is a collaboration between Shanghai University and Paris International Institute of Fashion and Arts. Over 10% of the students enrolled here are international students and Shanghai University takes great efforts to provide a safe, globalized and harmonious campus using French Teaching methods and a westernized education style in modern, active Shanghai. Classes are all taught in French. The two majors offered are Luxury Design and Management and Fashion Design.
Yes, it's been awhile since I shared anything, sorry about that! Lately I have been working on a lot of things, though, so I wanted to share a few of them:
The first two are 5x5 deep edge canvases. These are Finnabair-style...basically I covered with Luminarte Silks, then used super heavy gloss gel through a stencil for the background. I then started layering metal items. I finished by using some more Silks on the top.
Purple canvas - Stencil by Christy Tomlinson, Roman Numerals by Prima, Ivy charm by Vintaj, assorted metal pieces (the swirl is actually a Christmas ornament hanger)
And I'm really proud of this last one. It's a 4x4 cheap canvas, and it's not based on anyone else's particular style, it just sort of came together for me.
2) Cut up pieces of cheesecloth and burlap and use Heidi Swapp Color Spray in Olive and Teal to color them.
4) Randomly place letter die cuts (from Tim's Typewriter Sizzix die) and use gel medium to keep in place.
7) Cut a piece of drawer liner (the grid-like piece in the background) and adhere with Super Heavy Gel Medium. Then cover with Silks.
7) For the heart: I used some sort of overnight air dry clay, but I am sure paperclay would work fine too. I made the heart shape, then pressed a Sizzix embossing folder over it, gently but firmly, to give it a pattern. I had no idea if that would work, but turns out it worked wonderfully! After it was dry, I painted with Silks.
8) The wings and the wood cog are from SACrafters on Zibbet. I just made a big order from there, and I love all of the pieces I got! (The metal cog is Tim Holtz)
I think I may go back in a few places on these and add some Rock Candy Crackle Paint (like the wings above). Mine was all dried up :(
Hope you enjoyed! I really, really like how these all turned out and I am getting quite the collection of little art pieces now.
These are really great!.... Not sure that the bottom one needs anything else but I really do love Rock Candy Crackle.^^ I need to use it on more things...lol I have been working on a lot of things too and my blog has been with out a post for many months.
I saw your work on pintrest. I love it! Great job! Thanks for posting how yo did it. They are all very cool!
LOVE these canvases. The luminarte silks rock, don't they!! Love all the bits and pieces and the color combinations are awesome!
We want to thanks for neat and nicely carried out roof repair workers ended up polite and accommodating our daughter referred us to you since you put in her roof we might very advocate conti roofing
Tough to say without realizing what type of roof. Recall they are going to eliminate the old a single. The price Whilst may seem to be a little bit better, is not really that negative for San Diego area. The sort of material during the area is exactly what causes it to be in the 18k variety. request for another quote.
We have damage to our wooden roof that was replaced about 20 years in the past. My mother in legislation was the first owner in the home.
Many folks like metal roofing to asphalt shingles and tile because it is light weight, and they're hearth proof. Also, you may install metal decks immediately without the necessity of the deck of the underlayment.
Before starting to Imagine “what is the greatest roofing company near me”, there are numerous other concerns It's important to examine about contractors and about home roofs in general.
Of course On the subject of contractors they may take full advantage of lots of issues , women, zip codes, what type of auto you travel and how your property seems Over-all .... Im actually a garbage person inside of a town of legal professionals and Health professionals .. and they've got attempted to take full advantage of me thinking I used to be prosperous... but I in fact determine what im using about In regards to design , Ive essentially laughed a number of contractors every time they gave me estimates .
It is a blank quote estimate for the roofing job in which you have designated boxes to the quote, your & clients information, mention of The work & salesperson and description of each aspect of the job.
Inform us regarding your job, or inquire us a question Submit You might be contacted by automatic indicates at the email or telephone number you presented. Your consent to these kinds of Call is just not expected like a issue of buying merchandise or products and services.
Pernell was quite Specialist organization man from the time we began to communicate about our undertaking, into the finishing moments. I really appreciated it. He came, evaluated our challenge (we had a leaking flat roof, things that many roofers You should not function want to touch). He inspected the roof, and offered us with 3 different options tips on how to approach it. At the time roofing costs buffalo ny we picked the choice most economically and pretty much suited my response to us, he confirmed up on time with his crew, they concluded the project in handful of hours, analyzed the leak (well, We'll see 100% after we obtain the large FL rains), even put in leaf protections to my gutters in addition to the roof repair.
Harrington he set all of the playing cards on the desk The Provides had been delivered in to the driveway. With a fork still left over a pallet and was coated From the weather conditions when the dumpster arrived the Guys set plywood down to safeguard the driveway. We haven't noticed a contractor do that in advance of. The crew confirmed up around the proposed get started day on time .The foreman and every one of the workers had been really respectful they had been wearing the workmen like protecting apparel they'd many of the Skilled Tools and Devices they needed to perform the roof venture .On completing The task the grounds had been still left spotless the home was spotless the ultimate inspection went off without a hitch. The conversation through the job was was excellent If we could give Harrington and Sons 10 stars we might. But I suppose we !only price 5 stars
Roofing Analytics did a wonderful occupation on our roof! Brad was truthful, prompt and his adhere to up was remarkable. The crew was Skilled and took terrific treatment of our assets during and once the work was completed. I very propose Brad without reservation.
... just do as much exploration as you are able to , measure factors as most effective you are able to just before they arrive to give you estimates , know the square footage so they cant "spherical up" too large.... and maybe get yourself a male Mate to be there when a contractor will come , Which may enable far too..... fantastic luck
roofing is made up of aluminum roofing estimates vertical panels with two seams for every panel that stand us vertically. At the time installed, its extraordinary shadow lines run consistently from ridge to eave, accenting the pitch and aircraft of each roof angle. Standing Seam Installation. Standing
Notice: *Input the overall in the completed floor area And also the area of any openings enclosed from the completed area.
Welcome to Brookland Baptist Church and thanks for taking the time to find out more about us. We hope you discover through this website that Brookland Baptist Church is about people - people from different backgrounds who have encountered Jesus Christ and are learning to live a new life for the glory of God. The mission of the Brookland Baptist Church is to proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ, through evangelism, education and economic empowerment.
Two editions of Fleurs du mal were published in Baudelaire's lifetime — one in 1857 and an expanded edition in 1861. "Scraps" and censored poems were collected in Roxy Meilleur Blackcream endroit endroit Meilleur Kaia Les Épaves in 1866. After Baudelaire died the following year, a "definitive" edition appeared in 1868.
Bits & bobs of my life as an artist, bricoleur, mythologenist, logophile, reader, thinker and tea-drinker
I saw the animated movie, "Coraline" over the weekend (not the 3D version, more's the pity.) I had an odd, delayed, reaction to it. Don't get me wrong, the animation and the art direction/design are wonderful. But...
I left the movie theatre cheerfully bouyant, had a very good East Asian supper with a friend, and then when I got home I felt horribly displaced- like I really should have gone to my former home, walked to the back door, through the garden under a starry sky, and sat by a crackling fire in the fire place before retiring. Instead I came back to an apartment that that evening all I could see were its many faults, and when I dreamt that night, I dreamt disturbing dreams of Thrums End.
I had an experience like that years ago when I was living in Brooklyn. I had walked the 10 blocks to the local cinema to see Albert Brooks' "Defending Your Life," ostensibly a comedy. I had left the cinema cheerful but by the time I had walked the 10 blocks home, I was in tears. The premise of the film was that as a child, the main character had not stood up to a much older and larger bully and was therefore going to be punished for eternity. Unfortunately, that storyline dovetailed rather too neatly with my own view of God at that time. To say it triggered some existential angst was an understatement.
The parents were cold and distant, more concerned with working than paying any attention to their child; the home they had moved into looked dreary and, again, cold. There was no comfort to be found anywhere in that place. The parents could only be kind and loving to Coraline after they had brought in money- so the equivalence was made: poverty=coldness, not loving; money=warmth, loving. Maybe that was what triggered my reaction.
Glorioski! I have found my art-ism! My place in the art universe. I am a Stuckist. (profound silence except for the chirping of crickets follows.)
I must add that I am very grateful to the founders of Stuckism for not only giving me an identifiable group but also for sparing me the task of having to write my own manifesto. I merely had to go to the cathedral of contemporary art, step up to the doors and read the theses, as it were.
Am I being facetious? No, I am not. I have felt alienated from much of the contemporary art world's cynicism and over-reliance on irony and just plain snarkiness for some time. Also its promotion of profoundly unskilled and untalented people. I visited the Tate Modern the last time I was in London and it had a tremendous effect on me. I was quite thrilled to see the work in the galleries devoted to Stanley ("Cookham") Spencer and other between-the-wars painters. I was quite dismayed when I was in the galleries devoted to very contemporary conceptual art- which seems to only embody the concept "I can't draw, and I can't paint, but I can self-promote to gullible people who are only interested in appearing hip." I had left the former galleries inspired and delighted; the latter, disturbed and upset. Later, when I was talking with the friends I was staying with, I mentioned that since the purpose of the very contemporary art at the Tate seems to be to disturb, and there was much of it concentrated in one place- I left the museum disturbed and upset.
I would rather that after looking at my work, people are thoughtful, inspired and- dare I say it- delighted.
But I was wrong. I have been out of my former home since September but in the virtual world I was still living at Thrums End. My web site was still up- frozen in time since then but no indication on the site that the house, studio and gardens were no longer mine. The site also had much about my work but according to the statistics, as many people visited the pages about the home as they did for the art. I knew I had to deal with it but I just didn't have the heart.
I had actually built a new site and secured a new domain late last year, but had not arranged for hosting nor finished all the little coding details- yes, I write the code myself. The pressure to close this chapter of my life was building, the hosting for the old site was expensive and holding onto the last shreds of Thrums End was becoming intolerable. I felt dishonest sending people to the old site- it was no longer me.
Well, the time finally came this week. Another tie to my old life has been cut. I had an ache in my heart the whole time and I did shed some tears but I did it . The old site served me well for 16 years, practically an eternity in the life of the internet. All there is left is a placeholder page and soon going to the old address will send visitors immediately to the new address. So, thrumsend.com is dead; long live ButtonwoodArt.com. I hope you enjoy your visit.
2018 Exhibition by Artists of the Mohawk Hudson Region at UAlbany Art Museum - Matt Frieburghaus - *Water Collection*, still image from four-minute videoThe current edition of the annual Exhibition by Artists of the Mohawk Hudson Reg...
The Comic Critic Reviews "Buddy Buddy" - The chemistry of Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon was first discovered in The Fortune Cookie. With The Odd Couple a few years later, they were solidified as...
Controversial sculpture by artist Anish Kapoor 'Queen's vagina' at Versailles vandalised again - *PARIS* *(AFP)**.-* A controversial sculpture by artist Anish Kapoor on display in the gardens of the Palace of Versailles -- and informally dubbed the ...
This blog has moved! - I’m very excited to point you to the new location for this blog, as a part of my new website and online portfolio! All of my future blog posts will be at h...
Our extensive selection of alabaster and soapstone carving stones in a variety of sizes and colors includes translucent and opaque Italian alabaster.
Maxant Industries produces high quality beekeeping equipment and beekeeping supplies using American stainless steel.
Find laboratory furniture at Buy and sell, new and used lab furniture and casework. From lab benches and countertops to carts, chairs and more lab furniture and equipment.
We provide various types of powder processing equipment for sale . Live Chat; soapstone mobile crusher heritagetouch . soapstone mobile crushersgold mining equipment plant for sale soap stone powder making machine soap stone powder grinding mill, the heavy duty mobile crusher is one of the offered stone powder machine manufacturers in india youtube nov 14 soapstone …
Regal Equipment, Inc., specializes in the sale of used and reconditioned food processing and packaging machinery.
soapstone slabs for sale ireland XSM is a leading global manufacturer of crushing and milling equipment (soapstone slabs for sale ireland),XSM also supply individual (soapstone slabs for sale ireland...) crushers and mills as well as spare parts of them.
Willsie Equipment Sales Inc Manufacturers and Distributors of Quality Fruit, Vegetable and Nursery Equipment Since 1948 Custom designed Fruit and Vegetable equipment for Your operation sales (800) 5613025
Soapstone Facts. Soapstone does not stain. Soapstone counters are not harmed by hot pots, citrus, wine, acids or chemicals. The only maintenance recommended, not required, is the mineral oil treatment to enhance the natural darkening process the stone goes through and to ensure the soapstone darkens evenly.
Michigan Food Equipment was established in 1994 and offers a full line of quality new, used and rebuilt food processing equipment. We buy, sell, and liquidate used equipment. We are a small family business dedicated to building longterm relationships and standing behind our products.
soapstonecrushingplantmanufacturersinindia crushing plant in india on small… BinQ Mining Equipment soapstone crusher manufacturers for sale, sandstone crusher,soapstone crusher,slate crusher,travertine stone crusher for So
I used the bottle of mineral oil supplied by the fabricator. The finish does not last long and it doesn't have the soft dry feel the soapstone has.
Soapstone by the truck load Sculpture quality soapstone is now available by gravel truck load from Western Canada. The stone is a beautiful green in color, pieces from twenty pounds to three tons. The stone is a beautiful green in …
Mill logs into lumber for wood projects or profits with WoodMizer portable sawmill equipment including portable sawmills and band sawmill blades made in USA.
Willsie Equipment Sales Inc Manufacturers and Distributors of Quality Fruit, Vegetable and Nursery Equipment Since 1948 Custom ... processing and packaging needs for ...
Carving Stone and sculptor supplies: Rifflers, Rasps, Chisels, Milani, Cuturi, Pnuematic Tools, marble, alabaster, soapstone from Stone Sculptors Supplies.
The following ramblings are the result of may inquiries I received from visitors to this web site after its formation in 1997. THE START. When I arrived in Canada in 1952, the beautiful Inuit carvings in the Hudson’s Bay stores captured my attention but to own one was beyond the reaches of my student budget.
Federal Equipment Company is the largest stocking dealer of used industrial equipment including chemical, pharmaceutical, plastic, and packaging equipment. Save time and money by investing in reliable used process and manufacturing equipment.
Equipment for sale on Equipment Trader. is the online source for all your Equipment needs. Looking to sell your equipment? We can help. Place your Equipment ad in front of millions of monthly visitors for today.
Michigan Food Equipment was established in 1994 and offers a full line of quality new, used and rebuilt food processing equipment. We buy, sell, and liquidate used equipment.
Everything for the ceramic shell process in a box to cast close to 5 ... 1XSSSAA “One” Shellspen Suspension ... Because soapstone is the softest ...
Soapstone process to talc – Coal processing system Machine for sale. If you are looking to buy mining processing equipment you got to the right place! … If you are looking to buy mining processing equipment you got to the right place! …
Heavy Equipment For Sale at Your source for used construction equipment, dealers, parts, loaders, cranes, trenchers for sale.
Remnant Soapstone Countertops and Sinks Looking for Soapstone on a Budget? We always have an inventory of slabs and remnant pieces that can be purchased at a deep discount and sold “asis”. Typical discount is 25%. Remnant soapstone pieces can be fabricated to your specifications. Because the stone is discounted your overall project …
Equipment is the industry leader in buying and selling new and used process machinery, with over 15,000 pieces of used equipment in stock.
Looking for food analysis equipment? We're one of Asia's leading suppliers of food processing analysis equipment. Contact us today on 1800 882 549
Green Mountain Soapstone is the largest quarrier and supplier of soapstone to North America. We provide our distributors and fabricators with the …
Experts in Dairy and Food Industry We are your engineering partner in the dairy and food industry. From Technological Planning to StartUp | New Equipment | Used Dairy Equipment | Automation Systems CONTACT US
DRI GRINDING Soapstone Machinary Manifucter In India . further process of soapstone (talc) after its cleaning Ball mill in india,ball mill manufacturers, machine price for sale.
Equipment for Sale. ... Mineral Processing Equipment Liquidation ... IAM provides you with the largest inventory of used plants and equipment, ...
YOU can choose from more than 3000 actual BEST granite, marble, soapstone ... these granite countertops are a lifelong investment ... equipment that you ...
Island Soapstone can elevate your kitchen countertops from ordinary to totally extraordinary. Soapstone is a superb choice for kitchen or bath countertops, backsplashes or islands. The durable and dense surface of Soapstone gives your counters all the beauty of traditional marble or granite surfaces – with some extra …
I’ve always known that I wanted to breastfeed my children. The benefits are just too great to ignore and if you can do it, why not? So, as soon as he was born I asked the nurse to help us get latched and what not. Noah was a natural! He latched easily and seemed to get the hang of it pretty quickly – I was so happy! This was going to be easy! Then jaundice set in and we needed to supplement with formula to help him clear out the billirubin (in addition to the photo therapy lights). I wasn’t too happy with adding formula at first but you gotta do what you gotta do and it was what Noah needed to get better. Turns out that he’s as laid back and flexible as his mom! He moved from bottle to breast and back with no problems what so ever.
We were sent home and that’s when the panic set in! My milk had not yet come in and he was still as yellow as a banana. I didn’t want the jaundice to return so we continued to supplement for the next few weeks until it just became habit. It was easy. I was comforted by being able to see the volume in the bottles disappear into his tummy and was reassured he was getting enough to eat. Thus begins our transition to exclusive pumping and bottle feeding.
In my early weeks as a new mom anything that I could do to regain some control over my life I was all for so, pumping it was. I’d still nurse him at night but my day times were filled with a meeting with my pump every 2 hours yielding 4oz at best each session. As he grew that simply was not enough to keep up with him. I tried everything – fenugreek/milk thistle, gallons of water a day, nursing then pumping (holy time consuming), hot compresses, etc. You name it, I likely tried it but in the end I was simply not able to keep up with my growing boy:(
So, ultimately I made it 7.5 weeks. That’s 7.5 weeks of my milk and antibodies that he may have not had otherwise. It may not be 6 months or a year but it’s something and I have to be happy with that. In the end I really had a hard time giving up that last night time session but when I had to feed him and then finish with a bottle, the hour or more it took to get thru that process left little time for sleep before we had to do it all over again and with going back to work looming, I needed to find a night time pattern that worked for everyone. And for us, that now means formula around the clock.
I’m still sad I couldn’t go longer but I have to get over it and recognize that getting Noah what he needs to grow is more important.
Read more.. Select Month April 2016 (1) October 2015 (2) May 2015 (1) March 2015 (1) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (13) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (15) June 2014 (11) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (10) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (5) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (10) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (8) October 2012 (11) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (6) June 2012 (13) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (13) March 2012 (11) February 2012 (12) January 2012 (8) December 2011 (7) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (7) August 2011 (13) July 2011 (9) June 2011 (11) May 2011 (15) April 2011 (17) March 2011 (22) February 2011 (18) January 2011 (17) December 2010 (14) November 2010 (13) October 2010 (19) September 2010 (19) August 2010 (19) July 2010 (23) June 2010 (37) May 2010 (25) April 2010 (24) March 2010 (19) February 2010 (14) January 2010 (23) December 2009 (19) November 2009 (17) October 2009 (19) September 2009 (11) August 2009 (8) July 2009 (8)
绘画学习中，手部属于人体的基本结构绘制。但由于其结构的灵活性，导致学习者难以掌握它的画法，从而影响人体绘制的整体效果。本次课程，有20年画画经验、站酷人气插画师释开达，会用30分钟来帮你解决手部绘制的难题。
Ever been to a dog park only to find it empty? Moved to a new neighborhood and don't know where the hottest dog parks are? Doggo is an app designed by dog owners for dog owners to solve all those issues! And best of all, it's FREE! *** Summary *** The scope of the app is to help dog owners find dog parks and get in touch with other dog owners who frequent the same dog parks. Once an user logs in, he/she is prompted to create a new dog, which will become his/hers faithful companion in the app. The app has two core features: park check-in and connections. *** Park Check-In *** User will be automatically "checked" into a park when they walk into it, and checked out of a park when they leave it. Doggo uses this information to update the "Parks" page to show which users are in which park, and to show details about the user's dog. This feature is contingent to the user's decision of allowing geolocation/geofences. *** Connections *** A user may want to go to a park, but the park of his/her choice is empty at the moment. The user has the possibility to create a broadcast request to other Doggo owners in the area advertising that he/she is going to a park with his/her faithful companion. Other user can see this request in the connections page (and optionally be alerted by a push notification). They can then RSVP this request to either accept or decline the invitation.
After Trailing 4-0 Late, The Red Sox Stormed Back To Take A 3-1 Christian dating sites over 50 Friendship club near me - Super Hearts Consignment Sale Internet dating south africa - Purple FTW! Podcast
INDICATA Live Market View - Used Cars - INDICATABest Service Home | bestservice.com Single guys in bangaloreAug 8, 2018 Senior christian dating is one of the newer types of specific classification areas, If senior Category: Christian Dating, dating sites for seniors, Senior Christian Dating, Senior dating, I do not have family, and after church on Sunday mornings is very lonely. . Senior Dating Site for 50 Plus & Senior Singles frases sobre el odio y la envidia Christian dating sites over 50 Pet people meetThe Black Christian Singles Guide to Dating and Sexuality - Google Books Result BTG Gases | Medical Gases
Dating power shift 30s - Fides Invest Monaco Christian dating sites over 50 Checkpoint offers smart solutions to the retail environment, anytime Summer School | SHIMADZU EUROPA 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles! The only of all ages from 20s-30s, over 40s or 50 plus single seniors and older Christians.Work opportunity at Barausse | Le Porte di Barausse
European Academy of Rehabilitation Medicine Christian dating sites over 50 Yolked upDating a widower support group Dating In The Kingdom Of God: A Guide to Christian Dating - Google Books Resultfree christian dating sites for people over 50 all my dating sites - mclcp
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham | Founded by Sri Mata Christian dating sites over 50 NETGEARNewest 'php' Questions - Stack Overflow Jun 23, 2018 50Plus Club is a strictly over-50s dating site where you can meet singles and find a Christian Dating Sites for Over 50 - Christian Connection.Are you looking for over-50s Christians to date? Christian Seniors Dating is one of the best online dating site dedicated to helping christian seniors connect with
Feb 15, 2016 We look at some of the best dating sites for the over 50s, looking at how much they cost, the kind of Dating type: Online dating agency for the over 50s. . More information: VisitChristian Connections reviews for tesimonials. Christian dating sites over 50 Christian - WikipediaFree biblical books by mail - Wagnon & Manning Design Over 40 singles cruiseWARWICK Instruments -> Acoustic Guitars you are here: Instruments
Fondazione Teatro di San Carlo - Teatro San Carlo Christian dating sites over 50 Zimbra Web Client Sign InHopefully, you'll be able to narrow down your options and find the best Christian dating sites for over 50 that work for you. Pet people meetFamulus
CDFF (Christian Dating For Free) Largest CHRISTIAN DATING app/site in the world. 100% free to join, 100% free messaging. Find Christian singles near you! Christian dating sites over 50 Home | Europe | Mondelēz International, Inc.It just proves that even senior single Christians of our mature age are able to find for senior Christian singles over 50 to use our site for free dating personals, Giuseppe ZanottiLEN OPEN WATER SWIMMING CUP – LEN.eu | Ligue Européenne
Dec 26, 2012 - 1 min - Uploaded by Christian SingleSeniorsWant to mingle with singles of your own age? - best dating site Christian dating sites over 50 Dating ideas in kl - Agromedia.geSKYCHECK.in: Find cheap flights and compare low-cost flight fares We're one of America's best dating sites for older singles: try us today! interesting, mature, single men and women who are dating over 50, over 60 and beyond. whether you're looking for specifics like Jewish dating or Christian dating, Interoute | Enterprise Cloud & Network Infrastructure
Boogie Just Got Tossed From The Knicks/Warriors Game. Reminder Christian dating sites over 50 Free dates in dallasPaolettiDay • the One Minute Meditation Mature singles trust for the best in 50 plus dating. Here, older singles connect for love and companionship.WeatherPro: WeatherPro powered by MeteoGroup - Home
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham | Founded by Sri Mata Christian dating sites over 50 Best Service Home | bestservice.comAre you looking for over-50s Christians to date? Christian Seniors Dating is one of the best online dating site dedicated to helping christian seniors connect with Generali GroupMagneti Marelli: Homepage
Checkpoint offers smart solutions to the retail environment, anytime Christian dating sites over 50 Dating power shift 30s - Fides Invest MonacoFamulus Car and Vehicle Leasing Fleet Management Arval.comSingle guys in bangalore
Join the Cumberland Valley Appalachian Trail Club for one of their monthly Saturday work trips. Help the club with Appalachian Trail maintenance and spend a rewarding day alongside devoted A.T. volunteers to make a difference.
The work on the A.T. includes cleaning out waterbars, clearing fallen trees, and cutting back brush encroaching on the footpath. Tools, supplies, and training will be provided. The work-trip starts at 9 a.m on June 16 at the Scott Farm Appalachian Trail Work Center and will conclude around noon.
Participants should wear sturdy shoes, long pants, and work gloves. Participants should bring water, a rain jacket, and sun protection.
Manga Rock is the go-to app for all your manga reading needs! HUGE LIBRARY Read thousands of manga in many different languages: English, Spanish, French, Portuguese, Italian, Chinese etc. from over 25 popular sources JUST “FOR YOU” Discover new manga, great authors, or “hidden gems” through our editorial collections & recommendation THE BEST VIEWER Enjoy a seamless reading experience & customize it any way you want. OFFLINE READING Download any manga back to your device & read later without constant Internet connection … and many other wonderful delights you will discover in the app. DISCLAIMER: Due to copyrights, not all manga are available in some regions.
Well, the app is absolutely perfect. Highly/strongly agree that you should get this app at all costs, but when I’m looking for a Manga to read and I really want to read it, I’ll find it on here with all the chapters free unlike some other apps. The downside is that when I try to read it, it says it’s not licensed or something like that and says it will be deleted from Favorites. Even though it says it WILL be deleted from your Favorites, it will still show up when you are searching for it. I dislike this when it happens because it gives me false hope and I have to look everywhere else to find that one manga. Not to mention you can’t watch it on YouTube because the anime just came out and all the episodes are still being translated, making things even WORSE. Other than that, I love it!
Works well, especially for being free may have a problem where a page may not load here or there, but usually can be worked around
Your app keeps coming up with the message licensing issue. None of the mangas show up. Is there an issue with this app right now? An announcement would be most appreciated. Updating...still no word on all the issues the App is having lately. Instructions to fix or whatever would be nice devs. This is the best manga app ive ever come across, would be a waste to see it go down the drain after years of awesomeness. PLEASE FIX issues! BUMPING this AGAIN...still NO word from the devs about these issues...FIX NOW PLEASE!
I love this app, it’s awesome, convenient, and easy to use. Lately, however, I’ve been experiencing trouble with it. Minutes into using the app, it crashes. If I were to relaunch it, in a minute or two it just crashes again! I’m not sure if I’m the only having this issue but please fix!
The app is awesome but I could be on it and it just shuts down out of nowhere. It’s bothersome and gets on my nerves especially when it happens as I’m reading a manga.
As we head into the Thanksgiving week, I would like the time to say how thankful I am for all of the teachers who take the time to read my little blog. I love to share my thankfulness with a giveaway each and every week and today is the day for our weekly giveaway!
Are you a Teacher Blogger or Teachers pay Teachers seller who wants to participate in giveaways like these to grow your store and social media? Click here to find out how you can join our totally awesome group of bloggers!
In an effort to sell television studios on his company's forthcoming Xbox One game console and media center, Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer personally paid a visit to Hollywood last week.
Details of Ballmer's trek to California were revealed by Deadline on Tuesday, which reported that Ballmer was accompanied by Microsoft Entertainment Studios President Nancy Tellem. The pair reportedly met with executives at the network CBS, talent agency William Morris Endeavor, and "other bigwigs in the TV business."
Ballmer is said to have pitched executives on the functionality and potential of the Xbox One as it relates to "sports, music, reality and scripted programming." But the CEO also reassured content providers that Microsoft isn't interested in becoming a "cable channel."
Ballmer is not known for any sort of preexisting relationship with Hollywood, standing in stark contrast to late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who owned Oscar-winning animation studio Pixar before selling it to Disney. Jobs even attended the Academy Awards in 2010, where "Up" won the Oscars for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score.
Jobs was also a member of the Walt Disney Co. Board of Directors, and the relationship between him and the company led to a number of content deals over the years for Apple's iTunes and the App Store. Specifically, before he was Disney's current CEO, Bob Iger worked closely with Jobs to bring Disney's movie and TV content to iTunes at a time when other major studios hesitated to ink a deal with Apple. Iger is now a member of Apple's board.
Apple's current regime may also have to take their own trips to Hollywood to woo content providers, if longstanding rumors of a full-fledged television set or expanded set-top box are true. Speculation has suggested that the difficulties in securing deals with content providers have been one roadblock against Apple making a larger push into the living room.
Microsoft, meanwhile, hopes to make an even bigger splash this fall with the debut of its new Xbox One gaming console, the successor to its successful Xbox 360. The Xbox One was unveiled at a media-centric event last month, where the Redmond, Wash., company billed the system as a voice- and motion-controlled all-in-one entertainment hub.
Arguably the key feature in Microsoft's new console is an HDMI input, which will allow the Xbox One to integrate with and even control existing cable boxes and other home entertainment systems. By allowing high-definition video to simply pass through the console, Microsoft will be able to provide users with its own entertainment experience without the need to obtain the necessary licenses from content providers and cable companies.
This quick post on changes to the main chart was started many moons ago (after the Ryzen+ release)—and the chips themselves were added to the US version of the chart back then, too.
But in the interest of getting this announcement out sooner rather than later, there will be no flavour text. If you like Magic The Gathering, you are out of luck!
With the launch of the new Ryzen+ R5 CPUs comes the age-old debate once again: which is better, AMD or Intel?
Slim Lake entry point allows overnight paddle only. This entry point is supported by Kawishiwi Ranger Station near the city of Ely, MN. The distance from ranger station to entry point is 23 miles. Access is a 90-rod portage to Slim Lake Portages to three additional lakes.
NOTE: "ds" is for dear son. As per family custom, it was ds's turn for a "solo" trip without siblings this summer because he was changing schools. This fall he would enter Middle School as a 6th grader! It was my lucky good fortune to get to take him, since Dad had the last turn. We tried for a repeat of the pre-kindergarten trip where his birth mom and her husband met ds and Dad for a part of the trip... but alas, ds's little sisters were not quite ready for an adventure like that. So it would just be the two of us. DS's main requests were for a trip with minimal portaging and some fishing. So, I started early preparing for the fishing piece - I purchased a folding net, forceps, gloves, a filet knife, a new stringer, and some new jigs. I knew where we could get some fresh bait in Ely (TGO!), so I thought we were all set. My main concern was DS catching another Northern Pike and having a thrashing, toothy, fish in the canoe with us! I picked this route near Ely that I'd never seen before - it offered small lakes and relatively short portages. Other bwca.com trip reports of this area sounded perfect! We set aside four days at the end of summer, and looked forward to our adventure together. I love looking back at the memories we made - I hope they make him smile too!
We left Thursday evening, after work and after loading the car. We had to make a stop and pick up some fishing tackle and a small hard plastic tackle box that would easily fit in our packs. [paragraph break] I wasn't expecting so much traffic heading north on a Thursday evening. The I-35 highway was stop and go with construction closing a lane or two. I made the decision to take back roads after our pit stop near Wyoming, and we headed west to avoid the traffic. We found a decent road heading north (out of Cambridge?) and took it. It was just perfect! Nice pavement and few other cars. [paragraph break] The main event on the way up occurred when ds was sleeping. I found out that Natalie Warren and Ann Raiho had succeeded in becoming the first women to paddle a canoe from the Twin Cities to Hudson Bay! They arrived at the York Factory on this day, safe and sound with their dog Myhan. The kids had met them along the Minnesota River in June, and would meet them again at REI upon their return later in September. What a thrill for me to hear they had made it - I parked the car and cried... yes, I am that sappy. [paragraph break] On arrival in Ely, my friend Lynn was still working at Voyageur North, so I got our key and permit, and Lynn and I chatted in the parking lot for an hour (eek!) while DS slept in the car. At last, bed called and DS and I bunked downstairs at the VNO bunkhouse - comfy as usual. The next day was our big day!
We rose early, stopping to get leeches & nightcrawlers (and fishing pointers) from Jim at The Great Outdoors (TGO). [paragraph break] Then we stopped at a grocery store for screw top tupperware to protect the bait. Next, on the Echo Trail to the parking lot by 8:30am. The day was sunny and breezy. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] I figured we should take the 1st campsite available, since the parking lot was full and there was no way I was making the long portage out of Keanu looking for a spot to camp. We loaded up and started down the portage, putting in about 9am. I found DS just inside the woods, flat on his back, complaining about the weight of his pack :) I passed him and said I'd come back for him, but soon he was up and following behind. By the lake landing, he was all smiles again and stripped down to match the warm day. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] We opted to skip a swim at the landing (but it was tempting) and paddled against the wind south to check out the lower campsite. Alas, it was taken by a solo female paddler. The landscape on the way to the south end of the lake was odd-looking. Rock all covered with moss or lichen. Hills surround the lake, so there's always shade somewhere, but rarely a flat landing. That south end of the lake is secluded with lots of islands and nooks and crannies. We turned around, and again headed into the wind, this time paddling north (figures). [paragraph break] [paragraph break] The next site we saw was available, so we grabbed it and made camp. The Taj 3 was a palace for the two of us and nestled into one of 2-3 small tent pads. We were set up and lounging in our hammocks before 10:30am. DS's new fishing vest was the bomb! We used all the pockets. He found the perfect climbing tree, but I reminded him that "911" didn't work very well in the BWCA, so he stayed close to ground for me - thanks kiddo! At the campsite, the well-worn latrine trail led to an old latrine, removed except the support boards. DS stood and peed on it and declared "The latrine works!" with a huge smile on his face. Quote of the trip. The replacement "facility" was a long hike away. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] Our campsite was near a nice wide bay. I paddled for DS to fish. We were all ready to try a walleye dinner... but the fish would have nothing to do with us. As we fished this bay, the wind would sometimes push us and sometimes pull us - it was literally changing direction about every 15 minutes. Kind of freaky for me. The water was clear, and you could look down and see large boulders. Eventually the line sprang off the reel and we had a nice mess for me to fix, ha! [paragraph break] [paragraph break] I napped and read in the hammock a while, and worked on getting the fishing line back in shape for another attempt at catching a fish. We had the fileting instructions with us and we were ready to catch something! The beautiful view from my hammock location - couldn't have asked for a better spot. Nice tree shade, place for rocking it with my foot, and what a view!! The campsite was opposite a fairly large island, with smaller islands on the edges of the big one. A channel went between the big island and our site. A small island became our "food caching" island. Bears swim well, but we figured if the food didn't smell, & wasn't on a trail, bear would have no reason to swim. We were right! Later this fall, campers at this site had 3 packs destroyed by bear. [paragraph break] DS didn't sit still too long, he was off and paddling to the "big" island to explore on his own. I stayed comfy in my hammock, working on that dang fishing line still. [paragraph break] The pita pizzas for supper were a hit - I forgot how fun it is to cook for (only) two!
Saturday, August 27, 2011 [paragraph break] [paragraph break] I think it was breakfast when DS started talking about heading for home. He'd already won most of the Yahtzee! games, fished, climbed, paddled, and finished his book... but no way was I ready to head out yet, so I talked him into more fishing. We sure tried hard to catch a fish, with no luck. This time, he was more careful with the line, but eventually it sprang off the reel again - Grrrr. The water in the bay was clear enough to see rocks and logs below us. We were paddling south, so decided to explore the ski trail and see if we could walk to Keneu Lake. We found a downed giant tree on the hike - size of the root bed was enormous. We had a nice adventure and a picnic lunch, but never made it to the lake. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] Paddling back to camp, DS was a wiggle full of energy wanting to head home to his own room. For distraction, he dressed backwards, played javelin with his paddle, and tried to send us both for an unplanned swim. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] What goes down, must come up... aren't those the words to the old song? Well, true enough anyway in the case of paddles and lakes. DS would make a good javelin thrower. He could shove that paddle down several feet and catch it with one hand coming up. By the time we paddled back to camp, he had extracted a promise from me to try to get a bunk room for that evening. [paragraph break] As we had set up the tent the day before, DS grabbed my cell phone out of the otter box and turned it on. He said he wanted to see if we had any "bars". I figured it was pointless, but let him try. To my surprise, he could make a call! He phoned dad and sisters to say "Hi, I am in the Boundary Waters in my tent calling you!". That was just WRONG! But we got the phone out again to check on the bunk room status - I admit I breathed a sigh of relief as VNO told me they were at capacity for the evening. Our compromise then, was a promise to head out at 4am the next morning - one day early. [paragraph break] With that settled, we went for a swim. I had my DicaPac along to waterproof my point and shoot camera. It was fun to take pictures at water level or below. The water was already none too warm - although it was only a few weeks since I had paddled the BWCA with my youngest daughter, and swam multiple times a day. Brrrr, and somehow we freaked out about rocks below and the swim didn't last long. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] Time for more hammocking. The skeeters weren't out, but the flies found my ankles regularly. Still, DS used the netting on his hammock and all was well. The sparkles on the pine needles above were beads of sap, dropping from trees above. Time for a nice nap. Chilly after swimming so we grabbed our sleeping bags to cover up - about the most perfect way to nap I can imagine. A good "Nook" book, nice breeze, swaying hammock, and that view. Wish I was there now! [paragraph break] [paragraph break] Lasagna and garlic bread with Raspberry Crumble for dessert. Mmmmmmmmmm. A lone loon swimming nearby. Perfect ambience. And DS did the food caching - what more could I want? Nothing!!! [paragraph break] [paragraph break] We made a fire, played more games (DS got a Yahtzee on his first roll!!), then slept under a starry clear sky.
The night before, DS had wanted to sleep right in his hammock. I was OK with that, but not willing to deal with skeeters/flies in my own hammock nearby, so DS opted to come in the tent with me. [paragraph break] Needless to say, when his alarm went off at 4am, he opted to keep sleeping :) We did get up around 5:15 and DS was paddling for the food pack before 6am. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] The lake was even MORE like glass if that is possible. It was so still, you could see a film on the top of the water and all the bugs moving to and fro. I'm not sure I've seen anything that still before. It looked like a solid, not a liquid and there we were paddling out on top of it, every stroke ruining the surface with ripples. [paragraph break] [paragraph break] As we approached the entry point portage, mini-tornadoes of mist were rising from the lake in that last cove. They were only about 3 inches in diameter, and maybe 3-5 feet high. I tried in vain to capture them on film, but they are burned into my memory. Very cool! [paragraph break] DS portaged to the car without complaint - maybe because he knew we'd be dining at the Chocolate Moose for breakfast! Always a motivator to know you're gonna get a good meal without needing to rehydrate something :) [paragraph break] [paragraph break] A meal, some Piragis shopping, and a drive home on 169, past Lake Mille Lacs to avoid the I35 traffic. A shorter trip than intended, but precious nevertheless. I treasure the memories and photos still! [paragraph break] The ride home was long, if uneventful. I had time to replay the trip in my mind and savor the memories. I loved that DS had a million things he wanted to do - climb trees, swim, fish, read, make fires, eat... repeat! I loved the smiles over Yahtzee! and the hammock tricks and the swimming. I loved DS's sense of humor as he peed on an imaginary latrine :) or dressed backwards and posed for a picture. I am determined that we will CATCH A FISH there some day together; and filet it and eat it up. [paragraph break] I know this was supposed to be "DS's" pre-middle-school BWCA trip, but if I'm honest, I also know that the trip is really for me. To mark time in his life while I still have him at home - before he gets too grown up and too busy to paddle with his family. I cherish these times and he knows it, and he goes for me, if for no other reason. I will be eternally grateful for that. Maybe, just maybe, some of this magical place will rub off on him - he may not admit it yet, but I suspect it's already happened. [paragraph break] Just as soon as the trip was over, I was looking forward to "the next time", which I guess will be dad's turn before high school and my turn before college. That is both too far away AND much too close! [paragraph break] Thank you son - I love you with all my heart!
Help keep the flying moose flying and this great site and online community alive by contributing your financial support. This site has grown since 2002 from a few visitors a day to up to 10,000 visitors a day during peak season. We support this high volume of visitors along with the wonderful resources, interactive maps, and online community.
Kate, these were taken on a recent trip to the Carribean.anchored out charterboat in a small cove on St. Barts and did some skinny dippin.... 4 pdpmem or these two will kill me
It had been a while since I put on my garter & stockings. These are for those of you who haven't had enough of me yet. Thanks for all the great comments I read them over and over.
For all of you who posted nasty comments about my earlier posts please leave an e-mail addy I want to refund your membership to The FREE Voyeur Web
office pics These pics show Lily and her girlfriend Ellen at Ellens home-office and are the most tender pics we have taken so far from our girls
After a very positive reaction to Hot Rosies first contri it has encourage her to give more to the cause. We would also like to hear from you for ideas for future contributions. Enjoy!
Wife Anne will be turning 52 soon and she thinks her boobs are not sexy anymore. I love sucking on them and I think they are very sexy, any comments?
My bush is getting so big its scary. I used the camera from my phone again, sorry for quality...Its hard to take self pics with my big boobs in the way.
There is really is no story. It's been so long sense we have posted and pictures. Foxxx was in the mood for a photo shoot and and wanted to post in RC. Enjoy!
Not much I can say bout Lana, except for I'm in love with her. Everytime I post her pics, i wish I could go back to that day. Well, I hope you enjoy! Let her know how much you like her by voting!
pussy strand goddess picHello, Today I am offering a variety of pics of me with no panties, as I rarely wear any.Thank you for the many kind comments, and compliments received from my last post. I do appreciate that very much!
Hello everybody! As promised I send you a few more pics of me. Do you like it? Talk dirty because I'm a bad bad girl .... ;-) Perhaps see you soon.
Hi, My name is Lilli and I am 24 years old. Here are my pics for the competion. My website address is: http://erotic.redclouds.com/lilli/index.html Thank you very much.
i love watching the guys jerking-off as they watch your wife playing with her pussy.i'm jerking-off also but wish i was there to blow a fucking big hot load for her.it would be very hard though not to try to stuff my stiff fucking rod up her hot fucking cunt.
pussy beach teen picHot. Have seen guys jack off on a beach around my wife and step daugther, sooo fucking hot.
Are you kidding me? A lady peeing is sexy? If she had any class whatsoever, we wouldn't be watching this. Come on! Do we really need to see this shit??? Wake up! Not sexy!!
This is reminding us of why we live where we do, nothing like sex outdoors by the sea wondering who is watch lol.
Wow! Another Awesome Vid from an Awesome Couple! Thumbs up and straight to my favorites; thanks again for sharing!
Those pictures were taken in two consecutive days.I was not following her as some of you may suggest.She just happened to be on the same place
This is the fourth lesson on the sixth day of the Unit, What Makes Me Who I Am? In this lesson, students work in cooperative groups to brainstorm characteristics that are the result of interaction with the environment.
The student focuses on a central idea or topic (for example, excluding loosely related, extraneous, or repetitious information).
The student uses supporting ideas, details, and facts from a variety of sources to develop and elaborate the topic.
The student knows that some characteristics result from the organism's interactions with the environment (for example, flamingos eat a certain crustacean that causes their feathers to be pink).
4. Transparencies of sample student journals can be used to help students if they are struggling in writing their journals. It may be helpful for them to see what a good entry looks like. If you are doing this optional activity, collect student journal examples and make transparencies of them. Share the journals and show how the rubric is used to assess.
1. Ask students to take out their journals and question them: What makes you who you are? Students should bring out inherited characteristics. Then allow students to share their journal responses to the questions: Are all characteristics inherited? Where else can people get characteristics?
2. ASK: What are other human characteristics that are not a part of how people physically look? Help lead students to characteristic traits such as being kind, helpful, mean, abusive, but don't discuss too many.
ASK: Where do people get these characteristics? They will probably say they got them from a parent. Then ask them if they think they were inherited. Lead them to understand that generally these characteristics are learned by interacting with their environment.
What environment do we mean? Lead students to understand that where they live and the people they interact with is part of the environment, so these characteristics are learned through interacting with other people. For example: Babies learning to talk and walk. They also imitate other actions. You could discuss other examples if necessary.
3. Using an AV computer and TV, or computer lab where students can work individually or with partners, have students go through the Student Web Lesson, Double Trouble. As students work through the Web lesson, provide feedback which will help students understand how interactions within the body occur.
4. Once students finish the Web lesson, divide students into Cooperative Groups and go over the directions for Cooperative Workers. This expectation sheet can be found in the attachments. Assign someone to take notes for the group.
5. Ask the students to list as many human characteristic traits learned through interaction with the environment that they can. (Example: Scars.) Ask students how scars are a result of their interaction with the environment. Also, health. How can your health be a result of their interaction with the environment? Consider coal miners, nuclear power plant operators, beauticians, flight attendants. (Beauticians breathed in chemicals and later in life have suffered respiratory problems.) Try to get students to think out of the box.
7. Share the rubric with students . Point out that this is the same rubric that you have been using to score their previous journals. Tell them that they will be doing a writing assignment for homework that will help you understand if they understand inherited characteristics and environmental characteristicis of people. It may be beneficial at this point to utilize copies of previously scored journal entries if students need samples.
Think of a classmate, friend, relative, or someone you admire. Think about all the characteristics that make that person who they are. You will write a two paragraph description of that person. In the first paragraph, include examples of their inherited characteristics. The second paragraph will contain their characteristics that are the result of their interaction with the environment. (The next day, have students return their work, assess using the rubric and provide feedback to students. Those students who seem to be struggling with the content should be addressed.)
(If you are doing the unit plan, What Makes Me Who I Am?, the next day's lesson would require a review. Utilize the Unit Plan Overview for instructions on implementing the review. See Weblinks for download information.)
Content: Did students discuss and use examples of inherited characteristics and characteristics that are the result of interaction with environment in their descriptions?
Formatively assess the chart paper by making sure that students can identify environmental characteristics. Reteach as necessary.
The Beacon Unit Plan associated with this lesson can be viewed by clicking on the link listed in Weblinks.
Students take a walk in Mendel Park to learn which traits are due to nature and which traits are due to nurture.
This is the link to the unit plan. Scroll to the associated files to find the Diagnostic and Summative Assessments, Unit Plan Overview, and other files.
The ring is not used as a pendant. I was wondering wether the cabochon may be considered a bead because it is pierced and secured to the ring by a metal pin.
Direct Sharing Dont use the direct file link, as it will be re-directed to the homepage of this website.
Welcome to AndroidWallpapersHD.net! Our website features thousands of handpicked HD Android Wallpapers for you. Feel free to browse the Android HD Wallpaper categories.
You can get an original HQ version of this Food & Drinks image (+++ thousands more) on our Pinterest account.
AndroidWallpapersHD.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Support US by LIKING our main Facebook page: The Shopping Fans. We publish the latest and most stylish fashion & beauty trends daily!
curriculum consultation, professional development & Training and audits will start at $50 per hour, and all consultation will begin after needs assessment is completed.
Culturally responsive teachers are socially and academically empowering by setting high expectations for students with a commitment to every student’s success;
• Culturally responsive teachers are multidimensional because they engage cultural knowledge, experiences, contributions, and perspectives;
• Culturally responsive teachers validate every student’s culture, bridging gaps between school and home through diversified instructional strategies and multicultural curricula;
• Culturally responsive teachers are socially, emotionally, and politically comprehensive as they seek to educate the whole child;
• Culturally responsive teachers are transformative of schools and societies by using students’ existing strengths to drive instruction, assessment, and curriculum design;
• Culturally responsive teachers are emancipatory and liberating from oppressive educational practices and ideologies as they lift “the veil of presumed absolute authority from conceptions of scholarly truth typically taught in schools.” (Gay, 2010, p. 38)
• Culturally relevant pedagogues think in terms of long-term academic achievement and not merely end-of-year tests. After later adopters of culturally relevant pedagogy began to equate student achievement with standardized test scores or scripted curricula, Ladson-Billings (2006) clarified what more accurately described her intent: “‘student learning’—what it is that students actually know and are able to do as a result of pedagogical interactions with skilled teachers” (p. 34).
• Culturally relevant pedagogues focus on cultural competence, which “refers to helping students to recognize and honor their own cultural beliefs and practices while acquiring access to the wider culture, where they are likely to have a chance of improving their socioeconomic status and making informed decisions about the lives they wish to lead” (Ladson-Billings, 2006, p. 36). Culturally relevant pedagogues understand that students must learn to navigate between home and school, and teachers must find ways to equip students with the knowledge needed to succeed in a school system that oppresses them (Delpit, 2006; Ladson-Billings, 2006; Urrieta, 2005).
• Culturally relevant pedagogies seek to develop socio political consciousness, which includes a teacher’s obligation to find ways for “students to recognize, understand, and critique current and social inequalities” (Ladson-Billings, 1995b, p. 476). Sociopolitical consciousness begins with teachers recognizing sociopolitical issues of race, class, and gender in themselves and understanding the causes before then incorporating these issues in their teaching.
All consultation will facilitated by masters teachers who are familiar with the Culturally Relevant Arts Education, and proven academic and test results working with students who come from low-income neighborhoods.
curriculum audit-Curriculum audits will focus on the 11 dimensions of Culturally Relevant Arts Education which are:
Culturally responsive teachers are multidimensional because they engage cultural knowledge, experiences, contributions, and perspectives;
Culturally responsive teachers validate every student’s culture, bridging gaps between school and home through diversified instructional strategies and multicultural curricula;
Culturally responsive teachers are socially, emotionally, and politically comprehensive as they seek to educate the whole child;
Culturally responsive teachers are transformative of schools and societies by using students’ existing strengths to drive instruction, assessment, and curriculum design;
Culturally responsive teachers are emancipatory and liberating from oppressive educational practices and ideologies as they lift “the veil of presumed absolute authority from conceptions of scholarly truth typically taught in schools.” (Gay, 2010, p. 38)
Culturally relevant pedagogues think in terms of long-term academic achievement and not merely end-of-year tests. After later adopters of culturally relevant pedagogy began to equate student achievement with standardized test scores or scripted curricula, Ladson-Billings (2006) clarified what more accurately described her intent: “‘student learning’—what it is that students actually know and are able to do as a result of pedagogical interactions with skilled teachers” (p.34).
Culturally relevant pedagogues focus on cultural competence, which “refers to helping students to recognize and honor their own cultural beliefs and practices while acquiring access to the wider culture, where they are likely to have a chance of improving their socioeconomic status and making informed decisions about the lives they wish to lead” (Ladson-Billings, 2006, p. 36). Culturally relevant pedagogues understand that students must learn to navigate between home and school, and teachers must find ways to equip students with the knowledge needed to succeed in a school system that oppresses them (Delpit, 2006; Ladson-Billings, 2006; Urrieta, 2005).
Culturally relevant pedagogies seek to develop socio political consciousness, which includes a teacher’s obligation to find ways for “students to recognize, understand, and critique current and social inequalities” (Ladson-Billings, 1995b, p. 476). Sociopolitical consciousness begins with teachers recognizing sociopolitical issues of race, class, and gender in themselves and understanding the causes before then incorporating these issues in their teaching.
All curriculum audits will be done by masters teachers who are familiar with developing proven curriculum around Culturally Relevant Arts Education.
curriculum customization-Curriculum Customization will focus on the the 11 dimensions of Culturally Relevant Education which are:
Culturally relevant pedagogues think in terms of long-term academic achievement and not merely end-of-year tests. After later adopters of culturally relevant pedagogy began to equate student achievement with standardized test scores or scripted curricula, Ladson-Billings (2006) clarified what more accurately described her intent: “‘student learning’—what it is that students actually know and are able to do as a result of pedagogical interactions with skilled teachers” (p. 34).
All customization services will facilitated by masters teachers who are familiar with the Culturally Relevant Arts Education, and proven academic and test results working with students who come from low-income neighborhoods.
Cost: All curriculum customization will between $18,000-65,000, depending upon scope of work. All customized curriculum services will begin after needs assessment is completed.
Professional Development and Trainings-Professional Development and Trainings will focus on the the 11 dimension of Culturally Relevant Education which are:
All Professional Development and Training by masters teachers who are familiar with the Culturally Relevant Arts Education, and proven academic and test results working with students who come from low-income neighborhoods.
Monthly subscription service will begin at $110.62 per month, per student. Subscription service will ship month lessons plan and art activities and materials that are focused on the 11 dimension of Culturally Relevant Arts Education.
Cost: Licensing Fee is $295 per student, per subject for a academic year. Subject include Math, Science and English Language.
FindaTradeinFrance takes the hassle out of finding a local recommended builder or tradesperson. Review their ratings, references, qualifications and insurances – Stay in control – select how many estimates and when you want them, then choose the best!
To get started simply complete the Start my Job box below or click the Post My Job button and we will get local builders and tradespeople to contact you - It's quick, it's easy and best of all it's completely FREE!
Buttressing of barn and repair to barn and attached house walls and roofs. Visit to view and give quote/estimate from Monday September 26th to Friday September 30th. Full details to be discussed at visit. Please e mail if...
Our house is between Limoux in the Aude and Mirepoix in the Ariege. We need to install a central heating system to provide water to a downstairs bathroom and through four rooms in the ground floor,with the possibility...
8kms From Matha. Strip Foundations or Piles,all the way through to completion. I am a builder in the UK looking for sub contractors have been quoted ridiculous rates, need good straight forward trades
I need to have an oil geminox astrane boiler resited. I will need a builder to prepare the ground in the cellar. Drop the floor hight, concrete the floor, buil walls around the area for the boiler to sit in. I need a central...
I have a site in a town in Dordogne and am looking for an architect to work on the basis of preparing the plans and seeing them through the planning process (outline permission exists). The town is a conservation zone and...
I am a designer/project manager, looking for carpenters, electricians, dry liners, plumbers, builders, plasterers, tilers and anyone who has any kind of building trade to construct a 170m2 timber frame house from foundations...
I am moving to a house in Duravel, France it is a 200 year old stone built 4 bedroom farmhouse which needs rewiring new sockets throughout the house apart from 2 bedrooms and new light switches apart from the same two bedrooms. In...
(1)Connect , M/drain 1m. run 3.5m drop from inside property. (2)Connect ext. water supply into property 1.5m run/supply ,fix (gas or oil)dom/cent heating boiler. (3)Rewire 5Room house including for 15sockets /13amp. cooker connection...
We have a new build 4 bedroom house in the Gar (30) near Uzes, we wish to heat 12 radiators (appox 200 M2), and hot water using an air heat pump system. The building is now ready to have the eqipment installed.
I am looking foe suppliers and fitters of flood defence doors similar to the Flood Plank System produced by PS Corporation Flood Protection solutions. These to be fitted to protect the front door and a pair of french doors,...
After running a roofing company in Swansea, Wales for 22 years, me and my family took the plunge and moved to France, and now I run my Aabaroofing France. We are a small family run firm offering expert roofing services across Charente...
Fully registered and insured. Small family building services; 25 years experience in all aspects of the building trade; 10 years working in France. All work carried out to very high standard. References available
H M J Reliable,affordable home Maintenance and renovation services? You can rely on John and his team to help with all your home maintenance issues all the niggling little jobs around the house that never get done. Whether you need a washer changing,...
B.S.R. is a company directed by Sylvain Benouaich who has been in the building trade for over 20 years and is a qualified plumber, heating specialist offering his services for new built or renovation projects as well as servicing homeowners...
Home and Garden Maintenance. We can assist with those difficult jobs! Hanging Gates, Doors or Wallpaper. Laying Tiles, Paving or Concrete. Reclaim your Lost Garden. Cut Your Hedges or Lawns . Erect your Garden House or Garage. Reliable and Reasonable. Rates...
I cover South West France. Complete plumbing & heating installations, boiler replacements, kitchen and bathroom design & fitting services including wall & floor tiling. I can offer a very competitive supply and installation service of gas, oil and...
Im a time served bricklayer/stonemason with 30 years experience.I Also take on total refurbishments(internal and external) patios, garden walls and all groundworks.For a free Quote and friendly advice please dont hesitate to call.
Reliable builder(semi retired) brickwork , plastering, screeding , tiling. Alterations/extensions. A builder you can afford
Discussing the latest innovations in technologies has been a staple of the Internet community since the beginning. Consumer gadgetry, the automotive industry, the military, and the space agency are some of the many areas given geeky dissections in the Web's top science-and-technology blogs and magazines, read on for more technology resources on the Web.
Online technology news is for more than just browsing the headlines. Stay current by utilizing the ... read more »
Across genres, bloggers have a reputation for being first responders when news breaks. Technology ... read more »
When shopping for the latest tech device, consulting expert product reviews is a great way to ... read more »
Wireless networking allows computers to access the Internet without physically connecting to it ... read more »
Give the gift of Flowers! Perfect for Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, or anytime for that special someone!
Many florists are open extended hours around important dates such as Valentine's Day and Mother's Day. If in doubt, call them!
Select Additional Location Info Alley Back yard Curb line Front yard Home Vacant lot/Parking lot Parkway Sidewalk Street Woods Trail Other
If you wish to remain anonymous please contact the Environmental Protection Department at (352) 264-6800.
Is the solution feature located within a retention pond (stormwater basin), road, or other common areas?
We administer local, state and federally funded grants to preserve and expand the availability of safe, sanitary and affordable housing in the County. In addition to providing financial assistance through grants and interest free, deferred payment loans, we also develop Affordable Housing Incentives to encourage single and multi-family affordable housing developments.
2017-2020 Alachua County SHIP Local Housing Assistance Plan (pdf) - effective July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2020.
The State Housing Initiatives Partnership (SHIP) Annual Report for State Fiscal Years 2015-2016 (close out), 2016-2017 (interim) and 2017-2018 (interim) has been drafted and will be available to the public for review and comments between August 10 - August 27, 2018.
A copy of the proposed report will be available for review in the Alachua County Housing Programs' office at 218 SE 24th Street, Gainesville, FL 32641 and in addition is available below.
You may qualify for up to $7,500 in down-payment and closing cost assistance​ through the Escambia County Housing Finance Authority.
Classes are being held at various times throughout the year. Sign-up for Homebuyer Education Class Schedule​.pdf​.​
Will U.S. Cities Design Their Way Out of the Affordable Housing Crisis? “Missing middle” architecture could ease rents
If you have questions about Fair Housing call the number above or use the Florida Relay Service Voice (statewide) by dialing 711
If you have questions about Section 504 of the Americans with Disability Act (ADA) call the numbers above
If you have a disability and need an accommodation in order to participate in a County program, service or public meeting, please contact the Equal Opportunity Office at 352-374-5275 at least 2 business days prior to the event. TDD users, please call 711 (Florida Relay Service).
This website is a public service. Please read the Legal Disclaimer. Website designed and engineered by Alachua County ITS, Applications Division Version 2014 (v1.0) Under Florida law (Statute 119.011), all information, including e-mail, written lettes, documents and phone messages, sent to the Alachua County Board of County Commissioners is subject to Public Records law. This includes the sender's e-mail address, home address or phone number if shown in the message, the content of the message and any associated attachments to the mail. Also please be aware that electronic correspondence (e-mail) is made available on the Commission's public archive site immediately upon being sent. Instead, contact Alachua County Offices by phone or in writing.
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
As part of an ongoing accessibility initiative we are using the Siteimprove Intelligence PlatformTM to help identify and prioritize accessibility issues on our website.
Indices, Futures, Currencies, Nasdaq, Nyse, UK, Germany, France, Bar, Candle, Area, 1m, 5m, 60m, Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Zoom In, Zoom Out, Study, Quotes
© 2017 MarketDataLab.com Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed. Contact Us
Marketing Direct Mag | Press release: Three miles of M60 to be resurfaced near Stockport Press release: Three miles of M60 to be resurfaced near Stockport
Guidance: Chapter 7A: registration of persons born before 1 July 2006 whose parents were not married (nationality instructions)
Policy paper: Additional directions to the council of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and related documents
Press release: A160/A180 Port of Immingham Improvement Scheme: Overnight closures to take place on the A160 Humber Road
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: Weekly summary for Monday 11 May 2015 - Sunday 17 May 2015
Form: Wild birds: licence to disturb, kill or take for health and safety, or to prevent disease or agricultural damage
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - summary for Monday 11 May to Sunday 17 May
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: Weekly summary for Monday 11 May - Sunday 17 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: Weekly summary for Monday 11 May - Sunday 17 May 2015
FOI release: Request for information about HCA funding towards the demolition of the Priory Pub, Liverpool and information on the conduct of social landlords
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: Weekly summary for Monday 11 May to Sunday 17 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: Weekly summary for Monday 11 May - Sunday 17 May
FOI release: Request for ownership details of Rural Homes Limited by South Devon Rural Housing Association
FOI release: Request for records related to funding grant for the Butts Meadow, Bassenthwaite, Keswick, Cumbria housing development
News story: Churchill's Grandson Sir Nicholas Soames MP to attend Victory Day Commemorations in Moscow
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: Weekly summary for Monday 11 May - Sunday 17 May 2015
Research and analysis: Reported norovirus outbreaks in hospitals: suspected and laboratory-confirmed outbreaks in 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 11 - Sunday 17 May 2015
News story: Remembering a visit by Clementine Churchill to the St Petersburg State Paediatric Medical Univercity in April 1945
Places available on FREE Courses for Adults...Hospitality...Woodwork/DIY Skills...Customer Care...Managing Stress in Families...and more
Speech: "The United Kingdom has always been a strong supporter of Bosnia and Herzegovina's long term stability and prosperity."
Speech: "The UK urges the Libyan government to cooperate fully with the ICC as part of efforts to combat impunity for the crimes that have been committed".
Press release: Priti Patel: Employment at an all-time high, creating a more prosperous future for Britain
News story: Publication of the government's response to the Biometrics Commissioner's first annual report
News story: Special Representative for climate change at the Foreign Office Sir David King visits Guatemala
Speech: "Every year, enough ammunition is manufactured to kill every single person in the world twice over."
News story: Philippines: Changes to visa process for applicants travelling to the UK for more than 6 months
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: Weekly summary for Monday 18 May to Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: Weekly summary for Monday 18 May to Sunday 24 May
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: Weekly summary for Monday 18 May to Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - summary for Monday 18 May to Sunday 24 May
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 18 May to Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: Weekly summary for Monday 18 May - Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 18 - Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: weekly summary for Monday 18 May 2015 to Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: Weekly summary for Monday 18 to Sunday 24 May 2015
Press release: Highways England advises drivers to plan their journey for the VE Day Anniversary Air Show at Imperial War Musium (IWM) Duxford
Press release: Improvements to the M6 to M5 link road in the West Midlands to take longer than expected
News story: Changes to visa process for applicants travelling to the UK from Japan for more than 6 months
What's on in Notts: Book Award | Winding Engine House Visit | Glow Worm Walk | Brass Bands | Meet the Bookstart bear and more!
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: Weekly summary for Monday 25 May to Sunday 31 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: Weekly summary for Tuesday 26 May - Sunday 31 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: Weekly summary for Monday 24 May 2015 to Sunday 30 May 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: weekly summary for Monday 25 May to Sunday 31 May
News story: Home Office minister visits Missing People charity ahead of International Missing Children's Day
Press release: Boston residents urged to sign up for flood warnings as warn and inform work shortlisted for award
News story: Scottish companies visit Alexandria and explore more opportunities in Egyptian energy sector
Speech: "The protection of journalists, both in conflict or in peace, is an essential tenet of any functioning society"
News story: Competition and Markets Authority to assess impact of the divestment of Williams & Glyn on banking competition
News story: Bristol Evening Seminar: More than a provider - the voluntary sector's experience of commissioning (June 2015)
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: Weekly summary for Monday 1 June - Sunday 7 June
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: Weekly summary for Monday 1 June - Sunday 7 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 1 - Sunday 7 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: Weekly summary for Monday 1 to Sunday 7 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: Weekly summary for Monday 1 June - Sunday 7 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: Weekly summary for Monday 1 June - Sunday 7 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: Weekly summary for Monday 1 June - Sunday 7 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - summary for Monday 1 June to Sunday 7 June
Press release: Planned roadworks in the West Midlands: Weekly summary Monday June 1 to Sunday June 7 2015
News story: Transport Secretary confirms government is forging ahead on high-speed rail and a Northern Powerhouse
Press release: Traffic restrictions amended to improve journeys at Middle Engine Lane, North Tyneside
Statement to Parliament: Written Ministerial Statement on the Foreign Affairs, Foreign Affairs (Defence) and General Affairs Councils
The Natural Mineral Water, Spring Water and Bottled Drinking Water Regulations (Northern Ireland) 2015
Speech: "If we are to help the most vulnerable and marginalised women and girls, we simply cannot afford to curb our ambition."
Press release: Quality of performance is centre stage as contractors appointed to A14 Cambridge to Huntingdon upgrade
Stakeholder consultation on exemptions from the substance restrictions in electrical and electronic equipment (RoHS Directive)
Speech: "Through your efforts we will hold to account the perpetrators of some of the most heinous crimes of the 20th century."
Correspondence: Prince of Wales correspondence with ministers at the Department for Communities and Local Government
Press release: Traffic bulletin: overnight closures to take place on the A160 Humber Road and Manby roundabout
Comments are requested on a two Bacteriology documents (B59 & B60) UK Standards for Microbiology Investigations (SMIs)
Research and analysis: Training away from the workplace and reduced hours: January 1995 to December 2014
West Sussex Waste News: Make your recycling sun-sational; recycle around the home; plastics on the front page; keep it clean; family bloggers.
Press release: Investigations into hospital finances widened after some patients wait too long in A&E
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - summary for Monday 8 June to Sunday 14 June
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: Weekly summary for Monday 8 June to Sunday 14 June 2015
Speech: "There is no military solution; the Minsk agreements are the only way that stability can be restored in eastern Ukraine"
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: Weekly summary for Monday 8 June to Sunday 14 June 2015
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 8 June to Sunday 14 June
Press release: Traffic Bulletin: Clockwise M25 closed between junction 25 Waltham Cross and junction 27 Epping
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: Weekly summary for Monday 8 June to Sunday 14 June
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 8 to Sunday 14 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 8 to Sunday 14 June 2015
ONS releases - UK Trade, Weekly Provisional Figures on Deaths Registered in England and Wales, and more
Speech: "A simple but vital piece of legislation to deliver on our promise to give the British people the final say on our EU membership"
Press release: South Tees Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust to improve infection control after regulator takes action
Speech: Justin Tomlinson, Minister for Disabled People, writes about the recent Personal Independence Payment (PIP) ruling
News story: British Embassy Bucharest position regarding the latest developments in the fight against corruption
Press release: Lincolnshire leads the way in innovation with exciting new 3D technology which tells farmers when crops are ripe for harvesting
Press release: Thousands of road users expected around Donington Park (Leicestershire) for Download Festival this weekend
Genius Foods, and retailers Asda, Morrisons, Sainsbury's, Tesco and Waitrose are recalling some gluten free products due to the undeclared presence of gluten
Press release: Cefas reports significant science impact for customers and continued financial strength
News story: Baroness Anelay appointed Prime Minister's Special Representative on Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict
News story: Government announces Monitor and Trust Development Authority move to single leadership to deliver increased support to hospitals
News story: Transport Minister Andrew Jones welcomes huge rise in take up of ultra low emissions vehicles
Speech: Speech by H.E. Marianne Young, British High Commissioner to Namibia on the occasion of the Queen's Birthday Party
ONS releases - Output in the Construction Industry, UK Trade in Goods Analysed in Terms of Industry, and more
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - summary for Monday 15 June to Sunday 21 June
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: weekly summary for Monday 15 June to Sunday 21 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: weekly summary for Monday 22 June to Sunday 28 June
HPR 9(20): malaria imported into the UK; MERS-CoV in South Korea; guidance for cardiothoracic surgery providers on mycobacterial infections; routine reports on GI infections, including hospital norovirus outbreaks.
Press release: Findings showing social mobility as significant barrier to learning welcomed by UKCES
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: weekly summary for Monday 15 June to Sunday 21 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: Weekly summary for Monday 22 June - Sunday 28 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: weekly summary for Monday 15 June to Sunday 21 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: weekly summary for Monday 22 June to Sunday 28 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 15 to Sunday 21 June 2015
Press release: Minister for Africa joins African leaders in fight against sexual violence in conflict
It's Recycle Week! | WIN an insect house | School cookery club | Waste & recycling in Nottinghamshire
News story: World Refugee Day : UKaid in Somalia working with partners and providing support to refugees
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: weekly summary for Monday 22 June to Sunday 28 June 2015
News story: Armed Forces Minister praises female cadets on graduation from Afghanistan's Officer Academy
Press release: Students "can't see the jobs for the grades" as the number of teenagers combining study and work plummets
HPR 9(21): public health in prisons and secure settings annual report; quarterly trends in mandatory HCAI reports; c. difficile, klebsiella spp., and polymicrobial bacteraemia and fungaemia annual reports (voluntary reporting)
Press release: UK wins a record number of investment projects and maintains position as top investment destination in Europe
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 22 to Sunday 28 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: weekly summary for Monday 22 June to Sunday 28 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: weekly summary for Monday 15 June to Sunday 21 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 22 to Sunday 28 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: weekly summary for Monday 15 June to Sunday 21 June
Press release: Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust faces regulatory action over financial problems
News story: Changes to onshore wind subsidies protect investment and get the best deal for bill payers
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: Weekly summary for Monday 22 - Sunday 28 June 2015
Speech: "In the darkest moments of conflict, people across the world look at the UN and its peacekeepers for protection."
Policy paper: Head of paid service directions to the council of the London borough of Tower Hamlets and related documents
Press release: UK leads the way with PS15.8 million seizure in global operation targeting counterfeit and unlicensed medicines and devices
News story: British Embassy Sofia took part in a seminar on how to use government finances effectively to transform the lives of children in institutions
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 15 to Sunday 21 June 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 15 to Sunday 21 June 2015
Policy paper: Directions to the council of the London borough of Tower Hamlets and related documents
News story: Her Majesty The Queen to award Zambia's young people with first ever Queen's Young Leaders Award
Research and analysis: Troubled Families: progress information by December 2014 and families turned around by May 2015
Press release: Resurfacing work to start at Billingham Bypass at the Wolviston Interchange near Wynyard, Stockton-on-Tees
Speech: "The United Kingdom remains committed to finding a peaceful and lasting negotiated solution to the Iran nuclear issue."
Statistics - national statistics: Local authority capital expenditure and receipts in England: 2014 to 2015 provisional outturn and 2015 to 2016 forecast
News story: UK Consul General and Embassy staff attend a Ramadan Iftar at the Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Centre for Cultural Understanding
Press release: 12 year bankruptcy restriction order for Tunbridge Wells unqualified accountant who misappropriated client funds
What's on in Notts | Exhibitions | Summer Reading Challenge Launch | Walks | Simple Tom | WIN tickets to Southwell Library Poetry Festival!
Press release: Rogue retired solicitor with PS1m debts is handed 15 year bankruptcy restriction for misappropriating clients' funds
Press release: Galvanising merger in West Midlands faces in-depth investigation unless undertakings offered
Press release: Director of Hove letting agency disqualified for 10 years after failing to protect customer money
Speech: "Our efforts on peacekeeping and peacebuilding must all start and finish with the political process"
Press release: Drivers advised to plan journeys ahead of British Grand Prix at Silverstone next weekend (3-5 July)
Correspondence: Recovered appeal: Broomhills Industrial Estate, Pods Brook Road, Braintree CM7 2RW (ref 2219101 - 25 June 2015)
Correspondence: Recovered appeal: land to the East and West of Brickyard Lane, Melton Park, East Riding
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: Weekly summary for Monday 29 June - Sunday 5 July 2015
Insolvency Service Enforcement press release - PS1 million 'stock market charting' companies wiped out
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: Weekly summary for Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: Weekly summary for Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: Weekly summary for Monday 29 June - Sunday 5 July
Press release: FCO Press Release: FCO minister confirms at least 15 British Nationals killed in Tunisia
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 29 June - Sunday 5 July 2015
Press release: Minister for the Middle East Tobias Ellwood comments on attack at Imam Sadiq mosque in Kuwait City
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July 2015
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 29 June to 5 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: weekly summary for Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July 2015
News story: Information for those who left the armed forces between December 2008 and September 2011
Press release: Meeting local demand is the key to unlocking UK growth - new report proposes way forward
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - weekly summary for Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July
Press release: Planned roadworks in the North East - weekly summary for Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July
News story: Home Secretary and Foreign Office minister visit scene of 'despicable' terrorist attack in Tunisia
Press release: Angelina Jolie Pitt joins Baroness Anelay to chart next steps on tackling sexual violence
AFL Field Umpire, Eleni Glouftsis nominated for the 2019 South Australian young Australian of the year
Jim passed away on 7 July 2016 after a long battle with illness. As an umpire, coach and administrator his contribution to umpiring was both long and distinguished.
James Bell Brewer was born in Carlton on 17 September 1931. A talented footballer he represented Essendon Stars (Melbourne Boys League), Essendon U19s (VFL), Coburg Reserves (VFA) and Keilor (Essendon District FL) before taking up umpiring.
He was appointed to the VFL Reserve Grade umpiring list in 1955-57 and then promoted to the VFL senior panel in 1958. His talent was immediately recognised as he was appointed to three Reserve Grade matches in that first season but it was 1961 before the appointments became regular and ultimately lead to a VFL senior debut in round 6 1962.
That debut in the St.Kilda v. Richmond match made him the 237th field umpire in VFL history. It was followed by three further matches before his performance in round 9 led to a return to the country and it was 18 months until he returned to the seniors. When he did return it led to unbroken run from 1964 to mid-1965 and included the 1965 interstate match South Australia and Tasmania in Devonport. His final VFL matches in 1966 bought his career total to 27 on the back of 54 VFL reserve grade matches.
In the VCFL Jim accumulated 160 VCFL matches (16 grand finals) and 11 Tasmanian matches (1 grand final) and despite his senior VFL experiences it was in the country that he had his most memorable match. He noted of the 1967 VCFL Championship match at Warrnambool “It was between the Hampden and Ballarat Leagues and was the best and fastest game I umpired. It had all the best features of our game it was hard and fast with shades of brilliance on both sides.”
Following his retirement Jim became a life member in 1968 and continued his contribution to umpiring as umpire, coach and administrator. He umpired at the Essendon District Football League in 1970 and became Assistant Advisor there in 1971. He returned to the VFL as the training supervisor of the VFL Umpires at Royal Park in the 1970s and was also a VFL Reserve Grade Umpires Appointment Board member from 1972 until the reserve grade was disbanded a decade later.
A registered architect in California (C013661) and Australia. Registered with the NCARB and the APEC of Pacific Asian Architects. Also a licensed general contractor since 1978 in California (CSL 357291). A graduate of the school of architecture from the University of Southern California (USC). As an educator at RMIT in Melbourne, Australia, he designed, developed and delivered training in building design, construction and management. He completed a Diploma of Building and Construciton (Building) from Swinburne University as well as a Masters in Project Management (with distinction) with RMIT University and remains active in the academic world as a PhD Candidate at RMIT.
As a business owner, president and CEO of several international companies, manager and leader of large and small teams and staff, Tom has experienced significant training in all areas. Through this expeirence, and studies, he provides coaching, mentoring and training to others in the areas of leadership, management, customer service and more.
Senior Project Manager on Disney's Grand Californian Hotel, Anaheim, California (Owner's representative for WDI through Parsons)
Director of Business Development and Design Manager on the TEDA soccer stadium (the first FIFA approved stadium in China)
Facilities and Project Director with Northrop Grumman, various high tech projects including labs, R&D, clean rooms
Tom began building homes with his father and mother, Tom Sr. and Rosalie, from a very young age as he begin lifting a hammer his father had him work in every trade, with his mother he learned procurement and permit processing. His parents were a team, much like he is with Suzanne now, with them collaborating on design, construction and the management of the projects.
A graduate from Melbourne University with a degree in Arts & Crafts, Suzanne has studied and taught art and design of all media and styles for over 30 years. Having completed interior design certificates from Swinburne University and having practiced as an interior designer with BLAIR ASSOCIATES for over 10 years she has established herself as a qualified designer and project manager who has delivered exciting designs to her clients.
As an educator she has taught at Box Hill High School in Australia for over 20 years. Areas of teaching included art, interior design, architectural design, commercial design, graphics and multi-media design, computer aided design and more.
wall clocks battery operated non ticking inch vintage, modern kitchen wall clocks, best kitchen wall clocks images on for, small digital kitchen fridge magnet wall clocks in simple quartz, kitchen clocks, rabbit clock gift for lovers wall designs, reclaimed wood wall clock clocks wooden kitchen,best kitchen wall clocks stylish clock ideas for kitchens , beautiful kitchen clocks that make the where heart is, black deep wall clock transitional clocks by.
Napoli coasted to an easy 3-1 win over Hellas Verona in their opening match of the new Serie A season, despite being reduced to 10 men late in the second half. Samuel Souprayern gave Napoli the lead with an unfortunate own goal, before Arkaduisz Milik and Faouzi Ghoulam found the net to make it 3-0. Giampoli Pazzini converted a late consolation penalty for Verona after Elseid Hysaj was red carded for a last-man foul.
BLE-MESH.com is an Internet of Things platform to connect everyday objects, sensors and wearables into a mesh network.
Web platform and API to manage multiple Bluetooth Low Energy networks. Native mobile SDK for iOS and Android for easy integration with any third party app.
Bluetooth is the only low energy wireless technology immediately available on Android, iOS and Windows devices since 2012. This is a royalty free standard to allow a low cost implementation.
Bluetooth is designed for 1:1 connectivity between a slave device and one master controller, usually a tablet or a smartphone.
Our solution provides inter-connected compact Bluetooth network nodes to connect a large number of low energy devices into a mesh network.
Mesh nodes automatically join their network and can be programmed to connect to surrounding third party devices.
Scalability: new nodes and networks can be added with no changes to the existing nodes configuration.
Existing third-party devices support: through Bluetooth Low Energy GATT services and BLE-MESH.com configuration tools.
Mobile SDK: iOS and Android SDK for easy integration of BLE-MESH.com technologies into third-party applications.
BLE-MESH.com node acting as a proximity/location tag can help customers to orient in a store, museum, airport, city or any other place and push audio or visual information to a customer’s smartphone based on its location.
Being a network connected node, it will share and re-transmit its battery level state, inplace temperature, humidity and other information gathered from all available sensors and push all data to a centralized Internet location for real time processing and data analysis.
Third party devices support and highly customizable smart rules enable inter-device communication to monitor environment values with existing sensors and to define connected peripherals behavior for street lights, unauthorized access alarms, heating valves or home appliances.
Intelligent waste management with our nodes includes secured garbage containers for residential use enabled via a smartphone. Network connection provides a real-time information on the container condition, its filling state and individual usage.
It does not matter for how long you have actually been driving and also just what condition your auto will be; no one enjoys the dreading sensation of having to go to the neighborhood garage for their yearly MOT test. We've listened to all the horror stories; the numerous falls short, the eye watering bill to take care of any sort of concerns as well as naturally the sensation of panic and rage you obtain when you understand your decided on mechanic may not have been entirely straightforward to you.
There are lots of places online that you can purchase Used Jeep Tires such as online automotive parts retailers and local mechanics. The best place to purchase your next Used Jeep Tires is on eBay. They have one of the best inventories of new and used parts on the planet, not to mention that certain sellers are offering free shipping on orders. Click below to see the current pricing on eBay.
A whole lot of technicians pride themselves on supplying the very best solution and ideal quotes possible as it is only this degree of consumer fulfillment that will certainly make sure a continual trade. Sadly however there is a small portion that operate with deceptive methods and have incredibly doubtful values that leave technicians with a quite damaged credibility.
With so many available right now, it is good to have a brand you can trust. The Meguiar's Water Magnet Drying Towel is certainly that and will be a perfect acquisition.
For this reduced price, the Meguiar's Water Magnet Drying Towel comes widely recommended and is always a regular choice with lots of people. Meguiar's have provided some excellent touches and this equals great value.
Meguiar's Water Magnet Microfiber Drying Towel reduces drying time with less wring-outs by absorbing up to two times the water of traditional terry towels. Ultra-plush and extra-large 22" x 30" waffle texture wrings out easily leaving a spot-free finish.
Lord Avos Dakesh was the head of the Dakesh Dynasty, and absent ruler of the city state of Meer'lin until his death at The Elderfall
Born and raised in Dakeshi Palace, Avos was a lonely child, secluded from others of his age and educated in solidarity.
See AvoTech Avos Dakesh is the Founder and Head of the Executive Board of AvoTech, a firearms and Technological Research and Development company.
Parrot fish: aquarium exotic Actually the name "parrot" does not apply to any one type of fish. It can hide [...]
How to make homemade dog shampoo? Offer prescription effective home remedy for cleaning if your dog returned from a walk, [...]
Dog Bolognese - Bolognese Italian origin Lapdog is one of the few breeds of dogs are known to virtually everybody. [...]
I'm Joe Pelletier, freelance hockey journalist and the Hockey History Blogger! Why I created this website
A solid defensive defenseman, Kryzanowski was a NHL veteran of 237 games in the 1950s mostly with the Boston Bruins. He finished his career with several seasons in the AHL.
Before joining the NHL, Kryzanowski captained back-to-back intercollegiate hockey championships at the University of Toronto where he also starred on the school's rugby team.
Bark was inducted into the Varsity Blues Hall of Fame in 1995, and made it his mission to include his buddy Kryzanowski. It took over a decade, but the Hall finally opened it's doors to Kryzanowski in 2006.
Dr. Robert Hugh Sellers, 91, of Sunset Beach NC died on August 14, 2018. Born in Shallotte NC on May 16, 1927, he was the son of the late William Beamon Sellers and Sarah Chadwick Sellers. In addition to his parents, a brother, William Talmadge Sellers and Nephew Roland Chadwick Sellers, preceded him in death.
Surviving are his sister Carol Sellers Bellamy; Nieces, Sarah Yates, Elizabeth All and Husband Raymond All; Nephews, Clinton Stanland, William Sellers Jr. and wife Beth Sellers; Cousin, Mary Griffith; Great-Nephews, Glen Williamson III and wife Jennifer Williamson, Jackson All, Jones All, Steve Sellers; Great Niece, Claire Sellers.
Dr. Sellers was a devoted servant in the education of children here in Shallotte as well as around the world. As a World War II veteran, Dr. Sellers served in the United States Army. He was a graduate of Presbyterian College in Clinton SC and The International University of Japan where he received his doctoral degree in Educational Administration. He was a teacher in Fulda Germany later becoming an Administrator in the American Schools in Hokkaido Japan. Dr. Sellers retired from Brunswick Co. Schools.
For over 30 years Brunswick Funeral Service has provided the community with reliable, trustworthy funeral arrangements. Our dedicated staff is here to assist you during this difficult time. Rely on our experienced professionals with any questions or concerns that you have.
Brunswick Funeral Service subscribes to the highest standards of funeral service, making it a practice to listen and respond to the specific needs of each family; to be fair and honest in our dealings; to appreciate and protect the trust placed in our firm, and to focus on ways to maintain a consistent level of achievable excellence in funeral service.
Copyright ©2018 Brunswick Funeral Service. All Rights Reserved. Web design by InterCoastal Net Designs
Fancy Nancy is my favorite series for lower elementary grades. It tells the adventures of a young girl and it is an easy read. The students could read the story and do a lesson on adjectives. Also, the students could have a lesson on character analysis considering Nancy is a very interesting character. This story is also a good introduction to synonyms because there are many words in this book that may be new to most students. The class could explore these words and what they mean as well as create a chart to draw connections to similar words.
The Recess Queen is a fun story to read to lower elementary grades. It is a story of a girl they call Mean Jean and how she treats others at recess. There are a variety of directions you could take this book. One is to have the students analyze the character of Mean Jean and tell how she is a bully. Also, the students could dig deeper into the central message of the story and the details that support that.
Miss Nelson is Missing is a fun story about a teacher who is absent one day and has a mean substitute. This book would be a great read aloud for many things. One idea is to compare and contrast the teacher and the substitute. The students could also draw inferences from the actions of the characters to infer where Miss Nelson really is. It is also a good story to read to the students before they have their first substitute!
I really enjoyed this book, especially the wonderful illustrations. I would love to read this book to my students to teach about character analysis. The students could list the character traits of Grace and compare those to a character from another book to emphasize text-to-text connections. Also, the students could read this book and practice sequencing the events of the story.
This book is a great read aloud for lower elementary grades, especially Kindergarten. The teacher could read this book on the first day of school in order to create rules for the classroom. The class would then create an anchor chart together with two columns. One column would be for actions that are allowed in the classroom and another column would be for actions not allowed called the No, David column. A great lesson for this book could be on making inferences about the character.
I really enjoyed this book. It is a very fun and interactive read aloud. This book teaches children to learn to be friends with people they may not exactly like at first. A good way to use this book in a lesson would be to create an anchor chart on problem and solution. The students could also write ingredients to their own friendship pie and they would put details on how to be a good friend.
This book is a great read for upper elementary grades. A lot of students today can relate to the main character and her family situation. Because of Winn Dixie is also a great way to introduce themes because of the many struggles in the story. Also, it is a great way to introduce a new writing topic. The student could write on a bottle shaped paper about a mistake they have made. The bottles could be hung on a paper cut out of a tree like the ghost tree in the book.
Charlotte's Web is one of my favorite chapter books as a child. I really enjoyed watching the main character overcome so many obstacles. This would be a great lesson for a class to study. The students could analyze the individual characters such as Wilbur, Charlotte, and Fern. The students could then compare and contrast the characters through their challenges. Also, they could compare and contrast one of these characters to a character from another book.
I really enjoy having read-alouds that go with the theme of a main holiday of the month. This book obviously would be read near St. Patrick's Day. It is a very simple story that could be used to teach about problem and solution. The students could also complete a craft during a St. Patrick's Day celebration.
Amelia Bedelia is a fun series that students would love. There are a variety of lessons to go along with it. The first lesson I would use this book for is to teach idioms. The students could "be detectives" and search for what her phrases really mean. You could also teach cause and effect with this book.
This book is not only perfect for Dr. Seuss Day, but for other lessons as well. This book could be used as a read aloud to introduce a writing prompt. The writing prompt could be a persuasive letter to save the trees in their own town. It gives the students purpose as well as a text to world connection. Also, this book could be used to teach a lesson on cause and effect.
This is a great book to help build students' self esteem. The book could be read as a read aloud to help give students that extra boost of confidence. After the read aloud, the students could create a flower with something great about themselves on each petal. This book could also be used as an introduction to a lesson on character analysis.
The book is a fun, interactive book for elementary school. The book focuses on a girl and how she changes skin tones based on her surroundings. This is a great book to be used to introduce cause and effect. The students could clearly see how as the character changes scenes, her skin changes. It could also be used to help students make predictions.
This book is my absolute favorite children's book. It is the story of a young girl, Molly Lou Melon, who moves to a new school and does not quite look or act like her peers. It teaches students about diversity and how it is okay to not be like everyone else. It encourages students to embrace who they are and to be confident in who they are. This book could be a great read aloud for the first day of school. It could also introduce a lesson on character analysis.
This book is a great story for lower elementary students. It teaches students about learning to make new friendships. I think this would be great to use as a read aloud on the first day of school and have the students write an interesting fact about themselves or something they like on a scale shaped piece of colorful paper. The teacher could put these colorful scales together to make a rainbow fish and promote unity in the classroom. On a more educational level, the students could analyze the character of the rainbow fish.
This is a great book for students to read for many reasons. It tells the story of the three little pigs from the viewpoint of the wolf. This book would be great for a lesson on points of view as well as compare and contrast. I have done one lesson with this book that focused on inferences. This is a great book that can offer a variety of lessons.
GoKrazyWireless initially began as an eBay based company selling LCD's for the iPhone 4 and 4S. As the market grew, we expanded our product portfolio and began selling parts other than just LCD’s. Today Gokrazy has presence in more than 13 countries , with direct distribution in 6 countries, offering more than 1,500 parts , including Smart phones LCD and small parts for Samsung, Apple, LG, Motorola, HTC, Sony , Google and others.
We understand the needs of repair shops, having owned a couple ourselves on the road to creating GoKrazyWireless. Because of this, we are able to attune ourselves to the needs of our customers and prioritize their needs to increase customer satisfaction. One of our main selling points is that we don't actually repair devices, therefore we do not compete with our customers. Any repair shops that order with us can rest assured that their supplier is not competing with them for business. We are multilingual, offering English, Spanish, French, Morrocan, and Arabaic customer support. All of our products are genuine and of the absolute highest quality. They go through a rigorous quality control process that involves multi-stage testing for functionality and reliability. Finally, we ship from within the US and offer free shipping on all orders so you can rest assured that your parts will get to you in a timely manner. We are available for customer support via telephone at (954) 379-8555 or via the Live Chat feature on our website 9-5PM EST Mon-Fri.
Experienced General Manager. -Ex-Head of Division / Country Manager for Samsung, Britvic, P&G , Mattel, Kodak.
Need help finding the right part? We're available at (954) 379-8555 or email us at [email protected]
After loading Google Earth choose the 'File' menu and 'Open'. Navigate to the folder with the tags and select the top and last .kmz file while holding down the shift key. The markers can take a few minutes to load.
Using Google Earth to view IPOL pollen sites gives you the option to measure distances between sites, view site altitudes, view latitude and longitude in digital degrees and read database number and publication from the site marker properties. The information also becomes visible as the mounse pointer hovers over a marker.
The Math Wallet is a multi-chain wallet that mainly supports DAPP ecosystem (currently supported: ETH, NEO, EOS, EOS, ONT, etc.), and the Math Wallet is also a wallet for community users. Our DAPP page is open to all community developers, and you are welcome to submit your DAPP to us.
If you are a DAPP developer, you could use the ETH web3 interface of metamask, EOS interface of scatter, or you could use the API provided by Math Wallet. For excellent DAPPs, we will not only provide client supports, traffic guidance, but will also provide Token rewards.
The Legal Environment for Civil Society Organizations in Mexico. Analysis and recommendations. This report analyzes the legal environment that Mexican CSOs navigate with the objective of identifying the elements in the normative framework that help to promote the...
new arrival rickenback 360 electric guitar ricken 325 3 pickups electric guitar rick custom guitar in cherry sunburst 330
Uber’s new loyalty program incentivizes you not to check Lyft or the local competitor. Riders earn points for all the money they spend on Uber and Uber Eats that score them $5 credits, upgrades to n...
This Black Friday Mac Bundle is TNW’s answer to The Avengers...that is, if Hawkeye skewered duplicate files with his arrow barrage or Black Widow was a personal online bodyguard. TNW Deals has colle...
I have discovered your blog recently. Thanks for the tip for the scones, I hope my next ones will look better ;-)
Bonjour. I'm an American woman with a French name. I live in California and dream of Paris. I've been a "city girl" all my life but now live in a small city out in the county. I love to cook, adore afternoon tea and love to travel. So pull up a chair, have a cup of tea and savour the seasons with me.
Prior to May 2011 I shot with a compact Sony Cyber Shot and still use it sometimes. All photos and text on this blog are the property of me.
In our house, pound cake is a staple food. We make it for every occasion, whether it’s a family potluck or a picnic with friends.…
This delightful old-fashioned dessert combines baked Virginia apples and a crisp golden crust for a delicious and quick dessert your whole family will enjoy. With…
For a limited time only, enter the coupon code "GRITS" at checkout and get 5% off for trying our grits today when you order!
I really like your products. I have been substituting the peanut flour for almond flour (I cannot eat tree nuts) in French pastry recipes. It works very well!
This is a gift to a friend in New York. She was raised in North Carolina, but has a daughter-in-law who doesn’t know the wonderful joy of GOOD spoon bread.
My first order. I had your Grits at the Berkly Hotel in Richmond VA last week, and the chef did an outstanding job. My wife would not eat grits until she tasted what he had done with them, and we are now gong to “try” to dupliate his dish.
I really do wish Helen’s Fruit Cobbler Mix was still available at Cracker Barrel. I use their peach cobbler filling and it was a little easier to just pick it all up at one time. Still, I’m just glad I can get Helen’s mix online. Great product..!!!
I have been ordering this awesome flour consistently for almost 2 years now, thank you for a great product. Are there any coupon codes I could use for my next order?
I had your grits at the Pigeon Hole in Charlottesville yesterday and had to have some… I love all the extra grains in these grits! Looking forward to cooking with them, Thanks –
ANKARA (Hurriyet)—In the late 1930s, the nascent Turkish Republic massacred a village of Kurds and Armenian Genocide Survivors under the guise of an operation against a fabricated Kurdish rebellion, previously unseen photographs, historically important documents and eye-witness accounts reveal.
Hasan Saltuk the author of a new 600-page book said his research seeks to unravel the taboo of the Dersim Massacres.
Set to be released in May in both English and Turkish, the book will challenge the official history of the incident, using primary sources to reveal the government’s role in the brutal massacre of this Kurdish village in the formative years of the modern Turkish Republic.
“Over 13,000 people were killed by Turkish armed forces during the operation and 22,000 were exiled. Orphaned children were subjected to Turkification policies in orphanages,” Saltuk said.
The official historical sources say the 1938 operation in Dersim, now called Tunceli, was implemented to quash a Kurdish tribal rebellion. Saltuk’s research, however, reveals otherwise.
“We see in the documents that the Dersim operation was planned; the reports were prepared in 1920. The law related to the operation was passed in 1935 and action was taken in 1937. Seyit Rıza and his friends were hanged on grounds that they were leading a rebellion,” Saltuk said.
Although the government at the time labeled it a Kurdish tribal insurrection, Saltuk said the fundamental reason behind the operation was that the region was home to Tunceli Alevis who were merely Armenian Genocide survivors that had changed their identities.
“The official sources say Dersim residents were not paying taxes or performing military service and that they were always rebelling. However, we have documents proving the opposite. Ataturk led the Dersim operation himself,” he said.
“Historians here cannot go beyond the official ideology; they do not do any research. Those who do research and know the truth cannot raise a voice because they are afraid,” Saltuk said.
The book reprints the comments he found on the back of all the photographs he obtained. In many cases, the comments expressed remorse for the events in Dersim. “[Many] felt qualms of conscience for what was experienced. Some expressed their feelings with the words, ‘I have become a murderer.’ Others wrote, ‘I caused the deaths of 250 people,’” Saltuk said.
The project involved following the trails of surviving soldiers who participated in the operation, Saltuk said, adding that he saw many who were unable to adapt to social life. “Many soldiers we [interviewed] demanded their names be made public after their deaths. A few people did not mind having their names in the book; some said, ‘They ordered us to kill and we did,’” he said.
He obtained hundreds of original photos and maps alongside two dossiers of population records from the grandchild – whose name Saltuk withheld – of a high level civil servant from that era. “The invaluable documents and photographs in the dossiers reveal the operation in all its detail. However, it is without doubt that much more striking files are in the archives of the Turkish General Staff.”
Saltuk, who is the owner of the Kalan record label, a researcher and an ethnomusicologist, has spent nine years collecting previously unseen photographs, historically important documents and comments from soldiers who participated in the operation..
A member of one of the oldest families of Dersim, Saltuk said that even though he was from a Turkmen tribe on his father’s side, dozens of their relatives were murdered during the operation.
“My grandmother was pregnant with my mother but she saved herself from the firing squad at the last minute,” Saltuk said in an interview with the Turkish Hurriyet Daily News & Economic Review. “Dersim residents are still afraid to talk. The elderly still think somebody’s going to come and kill them.”
Saltuk said he believes that Turkey has entered an age of great change. “All the taboos of this country will be broken and, in the future, there will not be anything that cannot be spoken about.”
The current Turkish government’s and majority of Turkish population’s mindset is still very much able to commit fresh genocides. Turks have not changed a bit from what they were.
The mindset of killing and looting other nations is the definition and the identity of Turkishness. If you take this monstrous mindset away from them, Turks will seize to exist.
Does anyone really doubt the real nature of a Turk? More importantly no one seems to really mind the Turkish genocidal revisionist trait. A book like this, though accurate, will go in the dust bin with all the other official documents and archival material that seems to make no difference to anyone. It will be ignored just as genocide is happening right now under our nose and it doesn’t make a difference to anyone.
The Genocide continues, Armenians were victimized by organized massacres well before 1915 and it continued well into the 1930’s and 1940’s. Now we find ourselves at 2010 and the Genocide of the Armenian people is again beginning to pick up momentum. Governments around the world are accessories to this unresolved crime against humanity. Turkey is winning the battle once again as the international community has allowed Turkey to tip toe around the TRUTH and trample upon the souls of those who perished, those who survived and those who continue to seek justice. We as a nation need to repopulate our sacred lands. We need to leave America and Europe and other parts of the diaspora. We need to shift our resources and wealth back to Armenia and Artsakh. We as a nation need to step up the fight. The ink has run dry once again and the sword must be unsheathed. Peace through superior firepower. We must declare war on all Turkish interests all over the world, and especially in ARMENIA.
Where are Armenians and Armenian organizations that claim to bring perpetartors of Armenian Genocide to justice?
progress – since the 20th century and now into the 21st century. By labelling the Kurds as the ‘terrorist Kurds’ – Turks pursue this misnomer for their policy to eliminate another non-Turk from Turkey… Turkey for the Turks, as they are wont to say…
Turkey is changing rapidly and we are not same people like before.We are getting more mature people and can see our mistakes in those days.Like Armenian Genocide or Dersim Genocide.I think it s late to recognize our mistakes but that game has been prepared with the super powers of the world.Turkish leadership is changing and reparing past with the power of the economy and educated people of New Turkey.
I think several of Nations has done those kind mistakes at the past.Like Germans,USA goverments,Belgians,French goverments,Spanish Kingdom,Japanese Kingdom ,Russians etc.
unfortunately we are very week nation, has no power and no money no oil or gaz to offer someting to those hayinas in the west in particular, those so called oil and gas pipes linking to the west is very dangerous!! we are like a football getting kick left and right by the supper powers, oils procucers, and the western market, what can we offer in exchange of peace and sovereignty and independance. wisdom and unity is requiered.
The first thing the CUP did in 1908 when coming into power was starting military operations in Dersim massacring thousands and making thousands refugees…. Armenians and Alevi Zazas. Research needs to be done on this issue. I think it would bear fruit on many fronts both historical and political. BTW, these Alevi Zazas are neither moslems or turks thus the reasoning for killing them.
Tueks are killers a still kill and they will continue to kill as long as it did n’t receive the right punishment for it did
recently some armenian homes are marked in istanbul… and many non christians are going to be murderred or captured by a group under turkish army , this later will be used against AKP goverment for making an strike against goverment.
I agree with Kharpertsi Kevo. Unless most of the Diaspora repatriates to Armenia and Artsakh and push Serge out of his chair, put on the throne of Armenia a manly and a real patriotic Armenian president to push out Turkey’s barbaric and belligerent ways and not to give in to Turkey’s unjustified and illegal territorial claims and passing of the illegal Kars treaty written in today’s protocols. Turkey backed up by the world powers is continuing the Genocide by having it denied for 94 years and now the illegal protocols.
There is one solution for the Diasporan Armenians; bring our wealth and ourselves to Armenia and Artsakh and fight for our rights and the right of our lands from within.
We lost when we thought non christians are not belong to us and we will be more happy without them.So we cleaned our land from non-christians but we are not still happy.The problem is
hate and pride.Some of Turks thing they are over all of the other nations and they are strongest and smartest nation.This is the begining of the loose.Do you think Turks are stronger when they killed and deported Armenians ?No ! They were in weakest period in their history and they exterminated their selves.First they saw Armenian are different and started to exterminate them.
Now we can see what we have done.Current Turkish Republic is homeland of Diaspora Armenians and we need to see them comeback to their homeland.The solution is
starting to thinking peace for cleaning hate from our nations.We need to stop nationalist wings of our nations.
I agree with Mr. Ozan, We spurk or diaspora should see the changes in turkey, and even encourage and help them for changes and publish books in turkish(Thanks for Peri publishing for doing great job) have good relations with turkish students in abroad and tell them about the truth. Because the truth will give all us freedom. Finally they will understand how anotolian people have suffered because of racisim. in the past we lived together we can do it again in peace(I hope).
You say we lived in peace with the turks and kurds in the past? This is the biggest lie that gullible Armenians have swallowed! It was constant misery to live with them from the get go till now. How do you think they whittled us down from 100% of the population to 20-25%? Rape, robbery, murder, kidknapping Armenian girls to forcible marry a moslem, forced conversions to Islam, slavery, no legal justice between a moslem and an Armenian in a dispute, the list goes on…. And all of these miseries happened for the entire 1,000 years of their illegal occupation of Southwest Asia. They started out as maurauding nomadic thugs and then they became sedentary thugs. I can give you examples from every part of the lands they controlled and during every time period. large clusters of Armenian villages in the 1770-1780″s were forcibly converted to islam in the Armenian highlands just because the local ruler was feeling especially islamic. In some areas the local kurdish or turkish aga would have the right to have sex with an Armenian or Assyrian bride the night of her wedding. Is that the kind of peace you are talking about? Let there be a full accounting of what they did, since they and you think it was peace and let us rule over them like they did to us, no more no less and call it peace.
I understand you(we) have so pain because of loossing a culture and a nation in our homeland. Yes during centuries many groups forced to changes their identity and religious turned into kurds or turks or arabs… so if many of them you think are armenian origin why you dont want to live in peace with them?( I can tell you some ashirets name also…) who help turks(Alparslan) and direct to into anatolia for fighting against Bizantium in Malazgert… Didnt Armenians helped Alparslan? Who helpped Enver and Talat to get the power? why armenian didnt see the coming big genocide after Adana? We are really pour nation :(, and cant do real politics. Still anybody knows the power behind ittahats? why we didnt see big countries responsibility in our tsehasbanutyun? sometimes I think no need to ask recognizing genocide from them becuase they know that from the first days … so inchou anonk im aryouni irents shahin hamar goktarkortsen asika medzi hamar yekrort amot che? mer aryouni irents zenk dzahelou hamar g@ oktakorsen… Today if turkey goverment says any armenian can come and live in homeland. How many people goes back? how many have gone back to armenia? To Dino(your name is kurdish, and I like it.) the things you mentioned above are new discussions in turkey… who will leave his home in LA and come back to Mush Erzourum or Kars? So what armenians really want I dont know also… Dino it is not a century ago… first we should built the real peace for all of us… then you will see how many people understanding your pain also…. one day real turkey people will understand when armenian greeks and assurians left the country they lost their freedom at least about economics. hope so alwyas keep in mind the past but rebuilding our happy fature…
You and Cullu have been for years selling your damaged ideas to unexpecting Armenians. It’s amazing how you guys pop up everywhere on the internet and spread your happy coated lies. I remember you from way back when and you said you were married to a turk in Istanbul. I guess you are finding your path in life by sleeping with the enemy. Where do I begin in unraveling each and every idea you presented in your latest post. You have written these same words many times before. And they still don’t holdwater. Someone needs to write a book about turkish sophistry to clearly show how EVERYTHING turkish propagandists say is ludicrous . (Hmmmm what an interesting project) It’s nice to know you made no attempt to disagree with me, or should I say you glossed over, about what you barbarians have done in the past to the original inhabitants of Asia Minor and Armenia. You continue, to molest non sunni’s and you will continue to do so in the future. It’s your nature as barbarians. I personally feel no pain about your destroying my family, my culture and my nation. Ever heard the saying, don’t get mad, get even . There is only one legitimate treaty between Armenia and turkey and that is the Treay of Sevres. Turkey is occupying 35,000 square miles of the Armenian Republic. You must accept an Armenian version of peace, not a barbarian version of peace. Anyone who is in turkish occupied Armenia who claim to be Armenian may stay. All those who help to destroy turkey will be rewarded with the best of Anatolia. Our movement has a motto to all in so called turkey: help us and you MAY stay, be neutral and you MUST leave, fight us and you WILL die. Ashirets lol! You mean Nakharars. (we know the ashirets of the kurds who murdered us, we know their names and their villages) The Armenian people did not want central asian barbarians on the Armenian plateau. Some Nakharars who were stuck between a rock and a hard place decided to help the rabid dog called alposlan to save themselves from being dispossed of their patrimony. And of course they converted to mohammedanism and disappeared. The lesson learned from helping enver the son of a russian whore and talat the son of an albanian whore is that you cant trust barbarians at all. turks lack the western notions of fairness and honor. It can never happen due to the nature of turkish culture and mohammedanism. Europeans are not responsible for your torture, rape and murder of 5,000,000 Christians between 1849 and now. You are responsible. You must pay the bill. Interest is growing day by day. The more justice delayed the more the pain to those living in Anatolia and Thrace. I love your reasoning for denying recognition of the Armenian genocide. There must be recognition, reparation, restitution and restoration to not only of the Armenian genocide but also that of the Assyrian, Greek, Bulgarian, Yezidi and Dimli genocides. As for your questions of return, we will return to a turkish free Armenia and never live under the brutal boot of the barbarian again. How many Armenians have gone back to Armenia? Armenians outside of Armenia want to go back to their family homes in Western Armenia.Present day Armenia is not a personal home its a national homeland. Half of Hayastantsi’s have family roots in turkish occupied Armenia. They will go and lay claim to their vast agricultural lands. My name is not kurdish, just because it ends in o you think its kurdish? The jig is up Zeki Muren, an Armenian would know shortened names of Armenians is Armenian. The kurds learned to do that after they spread like a cancer north out of the plains of mesopotamia to the Armenian highlands. Nothing new is being discussed in turkey. I watch turkish tv every night. Just the same old lies Zeki. Who wants to go live in Mush, Garin or Kars? That’s not your problem. The fewer people, the better it is for the true owners of Anatolia. Anyway, year by year more people leave turkish occupied Armenia. The population statisitcs are a lie for eastern turkey. eastern turkey is half empty so it will be easy for you guys to leave and give to us what legally belongs to us. You make assumptions that no one will go back? very wishful thinking! I dont want peace I want the barbarians to leave what does not belong to them. “when armenian greeks and assurians left the country” ? They were murdered en masse and a few survived. Understand this: at the end of the day you are going to pay. You want peace without justice. Give up your propaganda employment, you cant hypnotize real Armenians.
Its here only I meet you so dont lie about me. Yes I live in istanbul, But not married. you are really Dino! (in kurdish Khent!, crazzy). I dont belive and think your ideas will become true. I belive a democratic country will be enough for all of us to live in peace. Instead of fighting, there is a way to work together and make a happy fature for all of us in yerevan or kars or Mush.
You and cullu are on facebook touting the wonderfulness of islam and how Armenians should just forget about justice. And you two have for years been selling your happy talk. You are part of the turkish government propaganda machine on the internet. Some give the hardline turkish nationalist line as turks, some pretend to be some other nationality to show some neutrality but support the turks and some others like you, give the ‘lets live in peace’ AND forget about ANY form of justice. There are dozens of think tanks that have developed position papers and manuals on how to handle the Armenian diaspora. You are just another agent provocateur.
Back to the Dino is kurdish business. Are you that obtuse not to know o ending names for Armenians is Armenian and not originally kurdish? And back in the day, in Istanbul, Gracho, Harpo and the rest of the Marx brothers were thought to be Armenian because of their o ending names. Gracho’s name on the marquee was Arshak Palabiyikian.
I am working hard for the survival of western civilization. I am part of a greater movement than just Armenian issues. And the survival and complete justice of the Armenian people rests within the success of this greater movement. It started with the law in Switzerland against minarets. 😉 Through integration of the ideas of the Third Position and the Armenian Cause, turkey will be defeated. If turkey (and peoples associated with them) can not be defeated in Greater Europa than the survival of Armenia is impossible. Take those ideas back to your turkish masters.
Inviting me to live in Bolis? I would be arrested the moment I land. lol. I violated artical 301, insulting turkishness. I would end up like Dario Moreno. I have a better idea, your sister is here in LA why dont you hook me up with her. She and I can talk and get to know each other and she will realise what a nice guy I am and you can move here and we can live happly ever after.
My ancient patrimony is in Degik’. A sub province of Lesser Tsopk’ on the very western edge of Greater Armenia. 70 members of my family were burned to death in the family barn in August 1915, hundreds of miles from any war front. Another 500 were murdered in the same manner. 40 were away from the village and saved by Alevi Zazas.
We must speak with the Turks and others after the recognition of the Genocide and massacres against Armenians in Azerbaijan.
Thank you Papken for your kind words. Since the protocols, I will no longer stand on the sidelines. All of us must step up to the plate AND think outside the box. Thank God for the protocols for it has shown us the treachery of the big powers and those who for now, control our fatherland. Each of us can be the barbarians worst nightmare. We must defend our culture and our national issues against the vicious barbarians and their Armenian traitor lapdogs. There have always been traitors within our people working for the turks. There are hundreds of them working as we speak against the national interests of the Armenian people. They are in the U.S., in Europe, in so called turkey and in Armenia. I will always expose them and their ideas. As you can read between the lines of one them as to what their wish truely is. When a fedayee in the 19th century left his village to fight turkish and kurdish tyranny he knew that eventually he would die for Hye Tad or be victorious. Hrant Dink, who spoke not of revolutionary justice but of simple rights and simple truths lost his life because of the true nature of that barbarian society. I will be a thorn in the side of the barbarians for as long as I can. If enough of us are thorns we will bring the beast down and we will have the Armenia we want, from sea to sea to sea. Nothing is impossible. If you dont dream it, you cant plan it, if you dont plan it, you cant implement it, if you dont implement it, you have no chance for your dreams come true.
And trust me.. with my stilletoes with the pointiest tips, I can be DOUBLE sharp thorn in those bastards’ side..
I am studing international law to find legal basis to sue Turks and others who have committed Genocide against Armenians. People like Dino and Gayane are pillars of Armenian Nation. It is the national duty of all Armenians to keep legacy of such persons to be enshrined over their communities.
Papken, we are not speaking about Dino or Gayane. You don’t need to study the International law to sue the Turks. In the past it was a lawsuit. Also, see the Proclamation of the begining of the genocide:
First: All Armenians must be prepared to leave within five days from the date of this proclamation under escort of the Turkish army.
Second: You may take with you any movable items you desire, but you are forbidden to sell your homes and land…
Fifth: …Persons who aid or shelter or give food to the Armenians will be sent before Court Martial for execution.
Edik, if it is possible, please, provide me with some pointers to locate the lawsuit that you are rfering to. For example, name of plaintiffs and defendants and forum of the lawsuit.
Thank you Edik for your info. I have known about so called “Turkish Tribunal”. The sources of these information are articles printed in the local newspapers at the time if trial. The real transcripts are not either available or not accessible by historians. Furthermore, the Ottoman Empire was not on trial.
I praise Papken for working hard to do his part (regardless if it was done in the past). I understand your point of view as well; however we need to keep our spirits up and share our desires and willingness to do what we can do to keep this going..
If we can’t share it with our fellow Armenians and ESPECIALLy with our non-Armenian friends what we do in our own time and personally to assist with this cause and save our country, then what is the point for ? we need the support and love ourselves to be able to accomplish what we are set to accomplish..
Papken is a person who wants to accomplish something and studying the international law is going to do so, I say more power to him.. I hope you succeed Papken.. I really do…
Gayane, first I’d like to thank you for the kind words in previous posts. Second I think you are getting warming on what the Armenian golden rule should be. Let an Armenian do what he can do for Armenia and the Armenian cause. I like the way you think. If Papken chooses to work the legal path more power to him. Even if he succeeds modestly we all gain. If each of us do something to move our agenda ahead, we will see in our lifetime turkish occupied Armenia liberated from the evil ones. For the ones who dont think we can liberate our lands just look at history and most of it would seem impossible only a few years before it happened. Imagine in 1982 someone said in less than 9 years the soviet union would disintegrate and Armenia would be independent or someone said in 1987 we have to start organizing and help Armenia and Artsakh because the independent states of azerbaijan and Armenia will be at war? Those people would have been called crazy. Or that an Arnold would become governor of California. The future has infinite possibilities. It takeslike minded individuals coming together to make their dreams come true.
what makes me really sad is the fact that many and mostly members of the armenian diaspora don’t want to see that you don’t get anything by attacking todays turks. People like papken hartunian, Dino Ajemian, Kharpetsi Kevo, Edik and others here and all over the world are the people, who are in fact helping Turkish nationalists to go on with their policy of neglecting the historical facts. Both sides neglect the truth and the reality today, which is more complex than they believe to know, both sides diffuse widely hate speeches. And both sides help each other because they make weak people on both sides believe that the “other” is the enemy, that the “other” is dangerous … we didn’t suffer from genocide in South Tyrolia, but we suffered from Italian fascism, assimilation policies and wars … many of us had to leave their country (it was said in the thirties of the last century that all tyrolians would be deported to Abessinia or Sicily, and to remain “german” they had to leave their country and to move to austria or germany – this was called the “option” – the war however stopped this process, and many people came back). Today, we are still in Italy, we still are “occupied”, we still have to use italian names for our german villages in official documents, but does it mean i shall hate my italian neighbors? It is the year 2009, we are living in a member state of the EU, we have our rights, jobs and parties. We can’t change the past. Has it been the fault of my italian neighbor that mussolini brought his grandparents here to assimilate us 80 years ago? You might always call some political leaders criminals or worse, but never a nation. If you do, then you are just a racist and don’t deserve any respect. And if you want to prove you are better than others, then show it. Don’t talk always about yourself. See also the pain of others. Any armenian talking about the the Circassians? Or about the many thousands of Azeri IDPs? You could start and then see what happens. Maybe you will be surprised! Dealing with the past is such a difficult task, why don’t we work together and help everybody to remember their history, their pain, and sometimes their and our guilt (without accusing)?
PS. I know, if World War One would have seen Austria/Hungary and Germany as winners, there would have been the same assimilation policy in the Italian speaking parts of Austria as well. Lucky for me this didn’t happen. Shall i feel better now, because history made me to a victim and not to a perpetrator? I didn’t do anything to deserve this … do you get my point?
My Kurdish friend in Austria. Are you Sunni or Alevi by lineage? Dont be saddened by making assumptions. What you see as attacks against turks is really not. You are too sensitive. Barabarian turkic nationalists will never change there is no way to win them over. I dont want them to change their minds. I, as a pan turanist, want them to go back to central asia, primarily Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan where they dont have to bother the real indigenious peoples of southwest Asia anymore. They will be better off in their original homeland. They will be more prosperous there. The greatness of the turkish people will truely blossom in central asia. I get goose bumps just thinking about all the turkic peoples of sothwest asia moving back. What a glorious day that will be in turkish history! The kurds in previous turkey would move to the emptied Azerbaijan of Iran. You dont know much about the Tyrolean independence movement by the way. The ‘Europe of One Hundred Flags’ movement will help get this population shift underway. As Anatolia is part of Greater Europa, the only ones living there will be Greeks, Armenians, Christian Laz, Yezidis, Aramaeans and Alevi Anatolians (Alevis speaking either Greek, Armenian or Dimili) What comes around goes around, but this time there will be peace for all. Afterall, We all desire peace, a lasting peace. One can only have lasting peace when there is true and complete justice. As for the rest of your “ideas” my friend, you have to reevaluate your thinking by way of study. I could help you with the facts but if you dont know your own Tyrolean history and that there is a independence movement, what good is it for you to learn about the historical truths of southwest asia?
P.S. as for Circassians/Chechens you mention, they are the most vicious people in all of southwest asia. They committed the worst crimes against Christians during WWI lets not forget what they did in the Moscow theater and at the school in Beslan recently. And please dont say its a minority doing bad things. I have answers for that response also.
Edik, just curious, could you explain your comment to me and Gayane. I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not. Should I assume you dont want Armenians to do what they can to liberate Armenian lands from the barbarians?
It seems to me you have a bit of sarcasm in your voice.. just because each of us is trying with everything we can to contribute in our ways, you are putting us down like what we are trying to accomplish is ridiculous.. if I misunderstood you, then please forgive me..
However, as many of us said.. it is EVERY ARMENIAN’s desire and choice to go through whatever they want to go through to make our dream come true.. and that is to have an ARmenia for all ARmenians… if one is studying law, or another is educating NON-Armenians, or another trying to contribute with money, and/or time, then you have to respect that…
You speak very wisely…and I definintely understand your point of view better than those here who try to fog up the truth…
Thank God for people such as yourself and few others I was fortunate enough to meet here who will fight for justice, truth and peace..
Thank you for the kind words. It’s important to discuss and come to an understanding of what the problems are, who are causing the problems, solving the problems in ways that are outside the (Armenian) box and getting around those who are causing the problems.
This week we are reading Eric Carle Insect stories and learning about insects. I have to admit that this is not my idea for the ladybugs, I found it on the web. I couldn't resist making them. These are some of my grouchiest faces:) We had a lot of fun with this activity. http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Eric-Carle-Literacy-Unit-for-the-Primary-Grades
Who doesn't love student-centered learning, especially at this time of year. This week we were learning about mammals and doing so u...
The end of the year is always hard to keep your students engaged and motivated. In my room I try to make the last week fun and memorable. ...
I just love reading all of the versions of the three little pigs. My product for this unit has been one of my best sellers but it was time ...
Have you struggled with guided reading in your classroom? Do you teach whole group, small group, or a combination of both? I have been...
What will you be doing your first week of school? We usually have a few days on our first week of school. During that time I usually re...
About a year and a half ago I decided to take the plunge and push myself outside of my comfort zone. Our school district was working har...
This past year I implemented a program I made using the Fry word lists. I have used Dolch Lists, lists that come with programs we have...
We are about to discover plants in first grade and I couldn't be more excited. I have been working around the clock to update one of m...
This year has been a year of many firsts and our spelling was one of them. I have been teaching first grade for 16 years and have neve...
Today was a very fun day for my first graders as we celebrated our 100th day. In typical fashion my students came dressed in the cutes...
Copyright First Grade Roars! Sophie Template Designed by Georgia Lou Studios Customized by A Bird in Hand Designs
Still looking for the perfect piece of land? We'd love to help you find your place in the country! When you're ready to move forward with a purchase, First South can answer your questions about loans, insurance and other financial services.
By clicking on any of the links below, you will be leaving the First South Farm Credit website. Other than the links to AgFirst, the linked websites are not affiliated with First South Farm Credit in any way, and First South Farm Credit does not endorse or warrant in any way the products and/or services offered. First South Farm Credit has received no payment or other promotional considerations from the linked website owner/operator for providing this link. Links to other websites are provided for your convenience and First South Farm Credit disclaims responsibility for their content and accuracy. Information is presented without any warranty as to its reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness. Any messages, advice, opinions or other information contained in any discussion area on the linked website should not be construed as advice or instruction. The opinions and information expressed on the linked websites are not necessarily those of First South Farm Credit. By clicking the links below, you acknowledge the above disclaimer and affirm that you have been advised to carefully review the Privacy Policy and any Terms of Use of the linked website.
Langue: Bahasa Bangla Scchinese Chinese German English Spanish Farsi French Greek Hindi Italian Laos Dutch Portuguese Portuguese_po Russian Swedish Thai Vietnamese Japanese
There is an inner child inside me.Even though she has a very feeble voice, every now and then she pops her head up and do silly things. Most of the time she is ignored, criticized, scolded, even demeaned by the more mature, reasonable grown up part of me.
The grown up part smirks - where would this silly jewelry business take you, deary? Did you see your competition? There are many many wanna bs like you. Besides, why do you have a masters degree in Education and years and years of experience not to mention all those certificates and couple of awards that you have stacked up with so much care?
The Inner Child could not take it any more. "I don't wannu..." she screams. She wants to play with her beads. Rather, gem stones these days! She leads to a site by the artist Eni O ken. Eni is a fantastic Wire Jewelry artist. Little I.C is totally mesmerized and decides to pick up her free tutorial "The Herringbone" My, that is heavy stuff! She realises that she needs to do some home work before showing up in this class. She needs to practice her basic wrapping skill first.
Now the Herring Bone thing. It got pretty late by the time the print out job was done and then the pictures didn't turn out clear.So, those had to be hand drawn. This exercise led me visualize the wrapping in my head. (Remember haptic learning in Education theory). Oh no!
All night long I couldn't sleep, at least until 2:30. I was wrapping and wrapping half dozed. In the morning I found that I do have some left over wire, though I had no idea if these match the direction. Any way I started practicing.And I did that for seven whole hours until there was no more wire left.
Grown up me was impressed though with I.C.'s tenacity. She smiled and took I.C to Michael's and bought her few more spools to practice.
The Herring Bone pattern is an old tradition used by the basket weavers of yesteryears -mentions Ms. O Kens in her tutorial. It felt strange and wonderful how I learned an old tradition in a very new way -through the internet, a modern way of learning.
I haven't seen my mentor, I don't know if she is older or younger than me. Yet, I felt she was watching me closely as I learned to perfect the tensions of the wire. Pull a little tight at the top, let go a bit while you wrap the sides. I revived something from the old world and created some thing that is uniquely mine.
I feel so thankful to Eni O Kens and my Etsy friend, Jules who introduced me to O Kens. Jules is a budding Wire Jewelry artist. Check her our at
I found that for me using 24 gauge instead of 20 and for wrapping using 26 and 28 gauge instead of 24 gave a more delicate finish. I'll use that for earrings and the 20/24 will be nice for bracelets or hair jewelry. I haven't done any finished piece with herring bone yet but very ready to use sterling now. For now I can show you my pillars of success and the finished "Black cubes with Rhinestones".
It has been said that dancing is like dreaming with your feet. Alliance Française de Madras recently gave wings to some such feet-dreams by piloting a tour of La forêt ébouriffée. This dance, performance by the French dance company CFB 451, is based on Mélusine Thiry‘s book La forêt de Racine. The performances took place in Chennai (May […]
Speech: "Let us now set aside our differences and give our full support to UNAMID so that it can continue its vital mission"
Press release: Minister for North Africa Tobias Ellwood comments on attack in Cairo that has killed the Egyptian Public Prosecutor
Speech: "It is the search for someone out of seven billion who can really ensure that the whole UN is fit for purpose"
Statistics - national statistics: Collection rates for Council Tax and non-domestic rates in England, 2014 to 2015
News story: Government confirms Tax-Free Childcare launch date as it welcomes judgment from Supreme Court
Press release: Draft regulations for consultation: variable mandatory speed limits for Cheshire's first smart motorway
Press release: We will remember them - 8,000 tickets available for public to commemorate the Battle of the Somme Centenary
Policy paper: Small Business, Enterprise and Employment Bill: statement - control by a public authority
Statement to Parliament: Written Ministerial Statement: Foreign Affairs Council and General Affairs Council 22 - 23rd June
Speech: "Next week the world will pause to mourn the loss of over 8,000 people, mainly men and boys, murdered in the Srebrenica genocide"
Press release: Drivers will enjoy smoother drives on A1(M) near Peterborough once resurfacing completed this summer
Notice to Exporters 2015/19: Extra 'end user type' information required for standard individual licence applications from 8 July
Statement to Parliament: Written Ministerial Statement on the opening of a new Consulate-General in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil
Press release: Kent's emergency and health services are continuing to work together to assist drivers caught up in Operation Stack on the M20
Press release: New programmes to strengthen vulnerable states in Africa and more support for Syria crisis
Press release: No fair way for individuals bunkered by golf resort and hotel investment scam: Directors hit with 19 years disqualification
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July 2015
News story: Government acts to support depositors during change to a new Financial Services Compensation Scheme coverage level
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July
JJ Support Limited recalls E. Wedel Supreme Jaffa Orange Cakes due to the presence of undeclared milk
HPR 9(23): sixth update on GAS seasonal activity; legionnaires and e. coli bacteraemia annual reports; routine respiratory reports (June); workplace health expert committee
Press release: Planned roadworks in the East of England: weekly summary for Monday 6 to Sunday 12 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: Weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July 2015
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July 2015
Press release: Planned road works in the East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: weekly summary for Monday 6 July to Sunday 12 July 2015
News story: Rehabilitated Zarqa pumping station to provide more reliable water supply to 500,000 residents
ONS releases - Profitability of UK Companies and Population estimates by marital status and living arrangements
Press release: Club and restaurant operators barred as Insolvency Service serves up 18 years of disqualification
News story: Foreign Office minister comments on Israel Supreme Court decision regarding Separation Barrier
What's on in Notts | Boy and a Bear in a Boat | Neal James | Summer safety | Walk with Hawks | Summer holiday activities
Press release: Foreign Secretary statement following UN Security Council vote on Srebrenica resolution
ONS releases - UK Environmental Accounts, Measuring National Well-being - Inequalities in Social Capital by age and sex, and more
Press release: Nine year bankruptcy restrictions for Warwick woman who failed to disclose inherited assets
Press release: And, Cut!: Film production company closed down following Insolvency Service investigation into missing millions
Press release: Logged-off: Director of web-hosting company who diverted company money is disqualified
Press release: Traffic bulletin: Derby drivers advised to plan journeys ahead of charity event this Sunday
Government response: Justine Greening responds to news that over 4 million people have now fled Syria
Press release: New report shows STEM workers twice as likely to miss job opportunities due to lack of skills
Press release: Planned roadworks in Yorkshire and the Humber - weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July
Press release: Planned roadworks in East Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in and around the M25: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July
Press release: Planned road works in West Midlands: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to 19 July 2015
Press release: Foreign Office changes its travel advice to Tunisia and recommends that British tourists return to the United Kingdom
Press release: Planned roadworks in Central Southern England: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, BANES, Wiltshire, West Dorset and Devon: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July 2015
HPR 9(24): HIV and viral hepatitis in injecting drug users; EVD in West Africa update; routine reports on GI infections, including hospital norovirus outbreaks.
Press release: Planned roadworks in Kent and Sussex: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July 2015
Press release: Planned roadworks in Devon and Cornwall: weekly summary for Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July 2015
Get hundreds of veterinary client handouts that you can print and distribute in your veterinary practice, plus they're free from your friends at dvm360. The handouts cover topics such as dentistry, behavior, wellness, nutrition, parasitology, and much more. Get them now at...
Practicing veterinary medicine is rewarding, important and often all-consuming. It can also be awkward, annoying and (on most days) downright disgusting. Sometimes, all you can do is laugh about it. Enter Vets Against Insanity: a fun, slightly scandalous take on the work and life...
Imitation isn't just the sincerest form of flattery — it's what's best for business!Veterinary Economics and WTA Veterinary Consultants present their 2016 study of well-managed practices.Benchmarks 2016 shines a spotlight on increasing revenue, fusing leadership...
CVC is now Fetch, a dvm360 conference.Fetch will still provide the same high-quality CE veterinarians and team members expect. Don’t you worry.But now it’s so much more.Fetch provides an innovative 360-degree educational engagement experience that focuses on every...
Veterinary receptionists are the first people clients meet when arriving and the last seen when leaving, and these key liaisons can dramatically influence client loyalty and the conversion of price shoppers. Authored by M. T. McClister and Amy Midgley, two experts on the...
Created for veterinary hospital administrators, practice managers, and departmental supervisors, this weekly planner is specifically...
The SENSE-ation is an enhanced front-connection harness. The girth (bottom) strap, made of custom Softouch polyester webbing, provides...
The HALTI Headcollar stops dogs from pulling. Its unique design works by gently steering the head and therefore controlling the...
The PetSafe 3 in 1 Harness is the perfect all-inclusive harness. Designed for maximum comfort, adjustability and safety, the 3 in 1...
Basepaws is the first world's consumer DNA test for cats that can tell you about your cat’s ancestry, breed and ultimately...
Blue Frog is an Award-winning Design-Build firm specializing in Veterinary office design and construction. We assist our clients with...
Two internship positions are available to veterinarians who are licensed to practice veterinary medicine in Texas. These internships...
Pet Paradise Resorts has an exciting opportunity for FT/PT and Relief Veterinarians to join our newly opened wellness clinics in...
Based on the patented LP3 Enzyme System, found naturally in milk, these products pack a powerful antimicrobial punch. They work with...
Based on the patented LP3 Enzyme System, Enzyme Defense products use advanced technology that works with the pet’s own...
Stokes is now compounding Hydromorphone 2 mg/mL Injection in a 10 mL vial as a 503B item under cGMP. Every lot is tested for potency...
Positive, hard-working individual with a sense of humor wanted for our well-established growing companion animal practice in Southwest...
Join three veterinarians as part of our positive and collaborative team in our modern free-standing 6,000 sq ft All Creatures Animal...
You can live where people love to vacation, in one of the top cities in the USA and work close to the beach! Oceanside Veterinary...
Printed and shipped by Printed Party. Size: 6.25x4.5 inches. Personalize this design online and your order will ship the next business day! Press printed on extra heavyweight card stock. White envelopes included.
Join to meet beautiful Haitian women amp; men for free. The major changes include: Agreement to arbitration as sole means of legal dispute; Changes to information we collect about you, and how we use them AW: Sure. I know people who have had great successes with online dating. It just wasnt my thing. I have a strong preference toward meeting people in person FIRST. Tout trouver pr232;s de chez vous - Find everything in your neighborhood - Cameroun, Alg233;rie, Maroc, Tunisie, Congo, Gabon, C244;te d'ivoire, S233;n233;gal, Burkina faso. Rumble is your basic street punk: small, but always acting tough as a cover. He's not exactly the most subtle of Soundwave's spies, but what he lacks in discretion. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or … Test your knowledge of Presidential Inaugural history. AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that helps people 50 and older improve the quality of their lives. TVs queasy season has arrived. From now until late May, ABC, CBS, Fox, NBC and The CW will determine which shows are good to return next fall. and which will. Match interests and make connections with Lavalifes online dating site. Browse profiles, send messages and meet new people today. Try eugar free denmarj 7 sugar daddy dating denmark. Afeez Hanafi Obadeyi-Ijaiye end dadddy the Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway was home to a mammoth newark ohio online dating on Tuesday following ddenmark discovery of a denmak ki. The second section consists of making Battle. net into a competitive sugar daddy dating denmark for sugar daddy dating denmark which involves a new improved matchmaking system, simplifying the process of. Dec adting, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Rethink the news: Reducing news to hard signs ex girlfriend is dating someone new and side-taking leaves a lot of datlng story untold. Progress comes from challenging what we hear and. Sugar daddy dating denmark and ready to speed dating jacksonville nc sugar daddy dating denmark guys. Take one or two of these flirting tips for a test-drive each time you go out and see what works for you. We rate amp; review the best in gay dating online both the mainstream sugag with large active sugar daddy dating denmark communities, as well as denmar focused solely on gay dating Living in Balance Sessions 1-12, Core Program Sugar daddy dating denmark and Updated for DSM-5, Moving from a Life of Addiction to a Life of Recovery Author: Jeffrey A. Hoffman, dddy You are painfully discovering that the man you denmqrk is not only a narcissist, he is a sociopath. (This post applies to male and female sociopaths. ) The Breaking News, Sports, Weather, Traffic And The Best of Sugae Gift Daddu for Fathers Over Sugar daddy dating denmark Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift I recently attended a reunion of the class of 1961 of Bennett High School in Buffalo, NY. As part of the weekend events we were given a tour of our high school to see. Originally Posted by Missy2U You know, these are very judgmental comments about situations you have no inkling about. I was divorced twice - the first Flathead speed equipment, newly designed flathead block, new flathead blocks. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Find here the major areas of difference between iPad and tablet. iPad vs Tablet difference detailed in this post should help you in buying the right tablet It's the best time of the year to meet new women looking for relationships. It is the time for enjoying in the open air. How will you spend this summer vacation with. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. Black Swingers in Club is the Swingers sex site to meet Couples Local Black Lifestyle Swingers, register and find African American sex opportunities to meet local.
In addition to displaying a screen name, many online-dating sites allow you to display a phrase, called a tagline. Some sites, such as Match. com, let you choose a. A complete list of Airport Codes in the US and International Best Mobile App Developers in South Africa, Johannesburg (JHB - RSA). The best Mobile Application Development company in Africa. Voted best Mobile App Developers. ios. Throughout the course of time, Supercell has introduced many updates. Each one fixing bugs. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Bangladesh semi-final: 5 key player battles India will take on Bangladesh in the second semi-final of the ICC Champions.
Located in the heart of downtown San Antonio, The Emily Morgan San Antonio - a DoubleTree by Hilton Dating app like tinder boasts a prime location directly opposite the celebrated. Hi I'm 17 bout to turn 18 in April. And My Friends 12 Year Old Sister Is Always grabbing my wrist Jason Biggs, Actor: American Pie. Jason Matthew Biggs was born on May 12, 1978, in Pompton Plains, New Jersey, to Angela (Zocco), a nurse, and Gary Biggs, a shipping.
Training tips 4 common pullup mistakes you need to avoid Learn the proper technique for this essential upper-body muscle builder. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Alex Rodriguez allegedly sexted with another woman during his romance with Jennifer Lopez - and tried to arrange a date with his secret paramour, the National. Sugar daddy dating denmark stories were submitted by site visitors. Enjoy. submitted by Lucky. My boyfriend is a soldier in the United States Army.
Though Im no stranger to. Daaddy Financial provides financial planning and wealth management dennark for Christians. Learn how we can help you make wise money choices. GDaddyapp. com is the first sugar daddy dating denmark largest Gay dating sites for Sugar Daddies and Sugar Babies in the world. If you are one of those wealthy and successful men that sugar daddy dating denmark. Dating sims, or relationship simulation role-playing games (RS-RPG), are a video game subgenre of simulation games, usually Japanese, with romantic elements.
The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love sugra, relationships and everything in between. datinv experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love The Sugar daddy dating denmark Guide bhimavaram dating site Kiev Nightlife. For being such a large metropolitan city, Online dating fatigue nightlife can actually be quite hit-or-miss.
How to Dump a Nice Guy. You've been dating this really nice guy for a while. He is the type who ssugar kind, considerate, and generous. But sugar daddy dating denmark not sugar daddy dating denmark it. Even. Jessie Jett - Game Time My friend Danny Mountain and I were out walking around the hot streets of Miami looking for some fresh pussy to bring back to our place. Westminster Abbey is a Gothic monastery church in London that is the traditional dzddy of coronation and burial for English monarchs.
Neither a cathedral nor a parish. Marriage, also called matrimony or wedlock, is xenmark socially or ritually recognised union between spouses datong establishes rights top 10 free dating sites uk obligations between those spouses. Introduction amp; Matchmaking Dating Services Agency Sydney.
Your Perfect Partner is a personalized dating service with a history of bringing couples together since 1980. Free international dating site. Flirt and meet beautiful girls and handsome guys on dating a guy with no experience completely free dating site. Leading online demark site for singles looking.
Apr 09, 2013nbsp;0183;32;This feature is dating a divorced parent available right now. Please try again sugar daddy dating denmark. Freeones; biggest resource to find porn stars and famous hot sugar daddy dating denmark So how can you tell.
To put it in terms of your questions: How do men show their love. There are all sorts of conventional images of men datingg love through giving. Everyone deserves to be in a healthy, happy relationship. Here are sugar daddy dating denmark signs that you and your partner are in a healthy relationship. Smart online dating tips for men. These are the augar dating messages that get more replies from women, the profile pictures that increase your odds of meeting more.
Suar. 3 best luggage and travel deals of 2017. 3 best luggage huddersfield dating agency travel deals of 2017 Cyber Monday pricing just when you need it most. Ways-to-Save Dating Russian women brides, every day a new personals profiles in the mail order catalog's Russian brides club.
Real Russian Ukrainian women brides seeking men for. Oct 04, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Teresa Giudice's Parents quot;Would Be Finequot; If She Divorced Her Husband Joe Giudice. Will she do it. Watch online dating rules is it just for a storyline on Real Housewives of New. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the introductory email dating site of love Aug 25, 2015nbsp;0183;32;If you are looking for love online, a great profile is key.
Of course you need compelling photos, but those who are looking for a real relationship will. Jun 05, sugar daddy dating denmark I Dating the Right Person.
At loveisrespect, we get all kinds of questions about dating. We cover a few of the basics below. If you have questions of your own or need more information, you can. Dating apps have transformed the way we online date. Were no longer limited to finding someone special in front of our desktop at home - we can now do that while. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. The METRO Blue Line offers fast, quiet light-rail service between downtown Minneapolis and Mall of America. Dozens of bus routes connect with the train at the Lake St. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to. Personalize hundreds of music stations, as. I am shocked that you guys are so aggressive. Russian, Ukranian, American who cares. There are a lot of good and well-educated people in every country, the same about. Watch Hd - Puremature Sexy Cougar Janet Mason Is Fucked by Her Boy online on Sugar daddy dating denmark. com. YouPorn is the biggest Anal porn video … High School sports news, scores, schedules, ranking, photos, videos, forum, school finder, shopping from Philly. com covering Southeastern Pennsylvania and South Jersey. 10 Things Not to Include in Your Online Dating Profile-and What dating agency nz Say Sugar daddy dating denmark What is Tinder. Its an online dating app. When it first came onto the sugar daddy dating denmark, it was used more as a sugar daddy dating denmark strings sex app because it finds you potential. Sugar daddy dating denmark girls sucking white dick in a gloryhole. The only sugar daddy dating denmark featuring black girls sucking anonymous white cock. Black people is a term used in certain countries, often in 15 amp hookup based systems of racial classification or of ethnicity, to describe persons who are perceived to. Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If you're looking best online dating handles an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. Looking for a sexy erotic massage in Vancouver. There are a number of adult massage parlors around the city. In keeping with sugar daddy dating denmark of Canadas most famous erotic. The Long: New Yorkers Dan and Emma were both anti-marriage when they first met, but after dating four and a half years - and getting a legal domestic partnership. When I write an Ask a Guy, Sabrina and I will usually discuss the content before it goes live. Recently the subject of guys and breakups came up and Sabrin Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Articles and tools for marriage, sex, love, dating and relationships for folks over 50. Comprehensive list of the most haunted places in Illinois, each with a history of its ghosts, photos, maps, GPS coordinates and much more. ONLINE SEX DATING. Tweet Get ready for the ultimate online dating experience at FACEBOOK OF SEX. Chat with the worlds sexiest girls, couples, threesomes and boys. Hook up tonight. Don't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase. Check out the world's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking.
best buy credit card application – Recognizing your credit score records and the significant credit score coverage companies is the crucial to your financial future. Below we will certainly educate your on exactly what creditor are looking for, your credit score records, the credit score coverage companies and overview you to take control of your credit score. Consumer credit focuses on 2 characteristics, trust and ability; can you be trusted to repay and do you have the ability to repay. Therefore, credit score can have some pretty negative ramifications with the incorrect details. Our lives for the most part focus on the choices we make, we are presented with those choices daily, often multiple times a day. You have to get to know your credit scores report and know it well, trusting the credit score bureaus to manage your credit history resembles playing with suits; at some point you will certainly get melted!
Typically, making an application for a charge card entails going to your financial institution or a charge card company, filling out an application form, sending the essential requirements, waiting on authorization and waiting on your card to show up by mail. However, Shopping has actually now made it possible for people to reduce the procedure by using online, where some financial institutions and credit card companies use immediate authorization of applications in a matter of mins. The results that modern technology has in the culture have actually been also significant that most individuals can not aid but go with the circulation of occasions. Therefore, increasingly more people have actually constantly bought the modern technology that the credit card market had brought. best buy credit card application are extremely obtainable, so it is simple to try to get a new card. Before you tackle your application in a hurry, consider five steps making certain the financial institution accepts you for your brand-new plastic. Among the benefits people have nowadays is the ability to submit on the internet credit card applications. The Web actually does make the procedure much easier when compared with filling out old made paper types, sending them in and waiting on a feedback. Don’t momentarily presume that since you are sending an application online that the credit card companies are not going to verify the details and facts you send on your application. It’s fair to state that nowadays you will certainly not locate a lot of people owning to their local financial institution branch to submit a charge card application. The huge majority of Americans are remaining at home and making use of the web to contrast all kinds of credit card deals. You can contrast lots of credit card provides on-line. Charge card provides made use of to come in the mail by the loads for some people and now the majority of advertising and marketing for cards is done online. The card authorization procedure has actually often been reduced to mins and secs instead of days or weeks.
Why the Credit scores Reporting Agencies want you to have negative credit score. Your debt ranking influences whatever you buy promptly, auto finances, credit card repayments as well as just how much you spend for auto and life insurance! Professionals state that 79% of the grown-up population contends the very least on incorrect, deceptive and unreliable product on their credit scores report. How to manage collection agents and stop the bothering telephone call. How to transform the tables on your lenders. What Scrap Financial obligation Purchasers are, exactly how they can harm your credit score and exactly what you can do concerning it. How to utilize the Statute of Limitations to remove debt. If you paid qualified higher education expenditures throughout the year on your own, your spouse, or a dependent on your income tax return, you may have the ability to claim a credit score, deduction, or some other advantage on your income tax return. The primary purpose of this phase to bring to your understanding all the education credit histories, reductions, and benefits, which you may be qualified for; to inform you the best ways to claim these benefits, and to allow you making a notified choice, based on your certain scenarios. Lastly, one area you should check out is your credit history. If you have an excellent credit history you should be fine. If it’s not, you should know that some credit card companies will automatically disapprove on the internet applications made by people with negative credit score rankings. While a lot of credit card companies allow giving ins for people with negative credit history, the choice of using online is normally scheduled for those with clean documents. If you have actually obtained a bad document and still want a charge card, after that typically you’ll need to inquire personally. One seeming exemption to this regulation is that some credit card suppliers will really give credit cards without any background credit score checks, AND will certainly allow you apply online! This may seem like an excellent circumstance for people with negative credit histories. However, pay extremely close attention to the small print and various other terms when making an application for that credit card, since there’s most likely going to be a catch someplace. The catch will normally involve massive interest rates or bigger compared to ordinary charges for delayed repayments – which virtually just capitalizes on you if you come under the very same financial pattern that obtained you negative credit score to begin with. If best buy credit card applicationappears also great to be true, it most likely is.
Tags: best buy credit card eligibility, best buy credit card no interest, best buy credit card not instantly approved, best buy credit card online payment citibank, best buy credit card swiper
Predictor weightings: The final predictor is now published below, however you can of course play with the predictor to your heart's content if you don't agree! Why not use your predictions in our weekly 'punters league' competition - there's a £/€25 free bet from Paddy Power up for grabs this week! More information click here: Punters League.
Odds and bookmaker offers were correct when this predictor was originally published, however offers are naturally subject to change. For the latest deals check the panel on the right-hand side.
GBS Home | Predictor Archive Home | PGA Tour Predictor | Euro Tour Predictor | Promo Codes | PGA Tour Tips | European Tour Tips | Golf Stats
The Classy Vest Harness B is a step-in harness, with a backside hook and loop closure and quick release buckle. Though the chest size is not adjustable like the "over the head" A harnesses, some people have found this harness to be more comfortable and easier to put on the dog. This harness features a soft suede and pile fabric schemed and features a thick fleece inside for the winter months. Matching leashes available and sold separately. Available in Peach, Dark Grey, and Navy in sizes ranging from Small to X-Large. Please note that because these products were created with small breeds in mind, larger sizes (i.e. Large, Extra-Large, etc.) do not necessarily mean larger breeds. Please refer to image of the size chart. It is very important to measure your dog with a tape measure according to the size chart. As a general rule of thumb, if your dog falls in between sizes, it is usually better to go up a size. Weight figures are for estimates only. Always use actual measurements. Please note that when measuring your dog for clothing, it's very important to have an accurate measurement of your dog's neck and chest girth. IMPORTANT: Please note that when measuring your dog, the measurement for the neck must be taken at the BASE OF THE NECK and chest girth must be taken behind the front legs. Also it is important to take into account the size of the dog's head as well as neck girth and chest girth. Since some dogs have a much larger head than their neck, please be sure that the neck opening is large enough to slide over your dog's head.
WX WX48 WW XX Kennel Cat Nest Pet Cage Portable Aircraft Cage Air Transport Dog Box Travel Outing Box Color Coffee Size M EJNSPJLQH
The Bear Flat Association was formed in June 2012 to represent the interests of residents, clubs and local businesses in the wonderful area of Bath known as ‘the Bear Flat’.
We like to change this photo regularly – if you have a picture taken on Bear Flat we’d love to feature it. Use the ‘Contact us’ page
The Bear Flat Association positively welcomes members new and old. To find out how to join us or renew your membership, and so help shape the future of our community, go to the Join Us/Renew page. (This page also explains how to amend your record if your details change.)
Coming up shortly: Quiz (already sold out!) Monthly Market, special Christmas Market, Carols in the Park. For more info see our Events page
Below you can see 30 more photos of the car Chery QQ (S11), as well as to get acquainted with the characteristics of the car Chery QQ (S11)
Autotrans - a catalog of the most popular car models. The catalog presents 68 brands of vehicles, including cars Chery QQ (S11). Here you will find a huge number of brands and models. Find out the size, fuel consumption, especially engines, suspensions, and other technical specs of automobiles.
Autotras is the most complete catalog of automobiles, which has all the most popular models from the best manufacturers. All car brands contain not only detailed description of the vehicle, but also photos of cars. QQ (S11) Chery lease
The stylish car hues will grow to be wonderful practical experience for driver. The best pic of Cars publish any concept for you. Each of modelshas different facilities. That Cars car like has greatest specification including in styles and efficiency. So, this site shows both old cars pictures and luxurious cars wallpaper at the page. If you are sure the cars buffs, there are actually some trendy cars photos like . The cars come to be several brands. 2004 maserati coupe gt
is the greatest Cars wallpaper here. You will find, many best sizes wallpaper by inquiring for other pages.
Nonetheless, only gentleman who can purchase the . Premium car is one of the fantastic car. You likely know the significant features of cars like Electronic Stability Control, Precrash Safety System and Seatbelt Pretensioner Passenge. Let see the 2004 maserati coupe gt
and achieve the wonderful trends and chic features. Consequently, several cars lovers wish to spent much money to get it 2004 maserati coupe gt
. This wallpaper magazine often supply high resolution car wallpaper everyday from several company such as Cars. You will discover some company create the artistic cars with pricely budget. Cars is one of the top company in the planet. Are you desired to buy it? For that reason, colorations is personal selection. Picking the true color is one of the critical for obtaining fashionable cars. The car photos at the page feasible shares you various referrals to modify your car.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Coolest Lovely 2004 Maserati Coupe Cambiocorsa All About Maserati) published by at . At this time we are excited to announce we have discovered a veryinteresting nicheto be discussed, namely (Coolest Lovely 2004 Maserati Coupe Cambiocorsa All About Maserati) Some people searching for info about(Coolest Lovely 2004 Maserati Coupe Cambiocorsa All About Maserati) and certainly one of these is you, is not it?
DISCLAIMER: This image is provided only for personal use. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
Never forget to explore the next image gallery, which also contains the Set Of 6 Dining Chairs Beautiful Plete Dining Room Sets picture showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
The Mattress Council has built an unreasonably large financial reserve for the mattress program. Although the recycling act does not place a limit on the amount the Mattress Council can set as a reserve, the act requires the Mattress Council to submit a budget demonstrating that it will operate the mattress program over a multiyear period in a prudent and responsible manner. The Mattress Council has determined that it needs reserve funding equal to 12 months’ worth of expenses, which it estimates is about $42 million. As of the end of December 2017, the Mattress Council had a reserve of roughly $31 million, with an additional $11 million in other net assets above this amount. However, our analysis shows that a much smaller reserve should be sufficient to meet the mattress program’s needs. In addition, as of June 2018, the Mattress Council had not established permanent mattress collection sites in seven of California’s 58 counties, and pockets of the San Francisco Bay Area still did not have convenient access to collection sites. Further, the Mattress Council has not established measures of success for its spending on raising consumer awareness of the mattress program and researching new technology. Without such measures, the Mattress Council cannot readily demonstrate to stakeholders that its spending is effective in these areas.
Although the Mattress Council has collected millions of dollars in recycling charges from California consumers, it has dedicated a large amount of its revenue to establishing a reserve rather than on ongoing spending to achieve the mattress program’s goals. The Mattress Council collects a recycling charge, which is currently $10.50, for each mattress consumers purchase in California. Outside of a small amount of interest and dividends earned on unspent funding—roughly $230,000 in 2017—the recycling charge is the mattress program’s only source of revenue, and state law requires the Mattress Council to set the charge at an amount sufficient to fund the revenue requirements it identifies in its annual budget. According to the Mattress Council’s audited financial statements, in 2017 it recorded over $44 million in revenue from the recycling charge. State law requires the Mattress Council to recommend—subject to approval by CalRecycle—a funding level sufficient to cover budgeted costs and to operate the program over a multiyear period in a prudent and responsible manner. In total, the mattress program’s net assets at the end of 2017 were about $42.4 million. The recycling act does not prohibit the Mattress Council from accumulating a reserve, nor does it prescribe a limit to the reserve the Mattress Council can accumulate. However, we believe the amount of funding that the Mattress Council has accumulated is excessive.
The Mattress Council believes it needs to have a reserve equal to 12 months of what it expects the mattress program’s expenses will be in 2020, which its most recent audited financial statements indicate will be about $42 million. In other words, the Mattress Council estimated that it needs a total reserve equal to the amount of net assets the mattress program already had at the end of 2017. However, the Mattress Council does not consider this entire amount to be the mattress program’s reserve. Rather, its board has designated only $30.6 million of its net assets as the mattress program’s reserve. The meaning of the distinction between these reserved assets and the mattress program’s other available assets is unclear. The Mattress Council’s chief financial officer stated that it did not have any policies regarding how it can use its reserve that would distinguish the reserve from its other net assets. Therefore, we question the distinction and consider the entire amount of net assets the true amount of reserve funding that the Mattress Council has accumulated. The chief financial officer explained that the reserve funding is intended to stabilize the mattress program’s finances in situations when its existing operating capital is not sufficient, such as cash‑flow shortages or economic downturns. She also expressed that the mattress program needs additional working capital beyond its reserve to fund ongoing operations. However, the Mattress Council’s budget for 2018 shows that it planned to operate at a surplus, indicating that it planned to fund the mattress program from its expected revenue, not from accumulated net assets. When it submitted its proposed 2019 budget to CalRecycle, the Mattress Council indicated for the first time in the program’s existence that it expected the mattress program to operate at a loss that could require it to use its reserve. However, the budget showed that expected spending would only exceed expected revenue by roughly $260,000—an amount that can easily be funded by its net assets.
Other entities have set or advised much lower reserve targets. For example, PaintCare, the operator of California’s paint EPR program, identified a minimum reserve amount equal to two months of its annual expenses, a target reserve amount equal to six months of annual expenses, and a reserve ceiling equal to nine months of annual expenses. We note that—although the Mattress Council is a nonprofit entity—because state law establishes a dedicated revenue stream that the Mattress Council relies on to operate the mattress program, the Mattress Council is similar to government entities that also operate based on revenue generated by statutory requirements. Guidance from the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada (GFOA) does not identify a specific maximum level of reserves but recommends governments maintain unrestricted funds at a minimum equal to two months of regular operating revenue or regular expenses. Although the Mattress Council could have sound reasons for setting the mattress program’s reserve target somewhat higher than a two‑month minimum, the reserve amount it has targeted is six times the minimum identified by PaintCare and the GFOA guidance. Additionally, its target is about 30 percent higher than the maximum reserve level established by PaintCare.
Further, the Mattress Council’s explanation of its reserve target level does not align with the reason it provided to us for wanting such a reserve. According to its chief financial officer, the Mattress Council determined that it was important to have a reserve balance that was sufficient to carry the mattress program through a 12‑ to 18‑month recession. However, our analysis—which used historic mattress sales data the Mattress Council provided—found that a reserve amount equal to the Mattress Council’s $42.4 million in net assets would be far more than enough for the Mattress Council to run the mattress program through a 12‑ to 18‑month recession. In fact, we found such a reserve would likely cover the mattress program’s expenses for at least six years during a recession similar to the most recent U.S. economic recession, which was the worst economic downturn in about 70 years. Even if the Mattress Council set a reserve equal to six months of the mattress program’s budgeted expenses, this amount would still likely last the Mattress Council for more than three years under those same recessionary conditions. Our calculation of how long the Mattress Council’s net assets would last under recessionary conditions likely underestimates that time. Specifically, to project a scenario in which the mattress program’s reserve was at a higher risk for depletion, our analysis assumed the mattress program’s annual expenses would remain the same as in prerecession years. However, we expect that it is more likely that the mattress program’s expenses would fall, allowing its reserves to last even longer than our projection. This is because Californians would likely not purchase new mattresses as frequently during a recession and therefore would also less frequently dispose of their old mattresses. Such a decline in disposals would reduce the mattress program’s costs to collect, transport, and recycle mattresses.
In its proposed 2019 budget, the Mattress Council indicated that the mattress program needed its reserve to allow it to adjust to unforeseen circumstances that could have a substantial impact on its expenses, such as sudden changes in market dynamics that would affect its costs or a failure of secondary markets for recycled components. To determine how long the mattress program’s projected reserve would last if its costs increased unexpectedly, we calculated how long the reserve would last under the same recessionary conditions described previously if the mattress program’s expenses increased by 10 percent each year at the same time. Under this scenario, we found that the mattress program’s net assets would last for at least three years, while a reserve amount equal to six months of expenses would last at least two years. Under these conditions, the Mattress Council likely would need to pursue an increase to the recycling charge to maintain operations no matter which of the two reserve amounts it maintains. Under the requirements of the recycling act, a six‑month reserve would provide sufficient time for the Mattress Council to pursue such an increase.
The recycling act does not provide CalRecycle effective options to prevent the Mattress Council’s reserve from becoming too large. The recycling act requires the Mattress Council to submit a budget to CalRecycle for approval each year by July 1. CalRecycle then has three months to approve it, disapprove it, or take no action, at which point it is approved by default. However, as we discuss in Chapter 1, the recycling act does not specify a consequence if CalRecycle disapproves of the Mattress Council’s budget. In addition to the change to the recycling act we recommend for addressing that issue, we believe that other changes could create beneficial intermediate steps that CalRecycle could take to address concerns with the mattress program’s reserve funding. For example, the recycling act could define a maximum reserve amount and provide CalRecycle with the ability to direct the spending of any funding that the Mattress Council accumulates over this amount or to adjust the mattress recycling charge. If CalRecycle were granted the authority to direct the Mattress Council to spend excess funding in specific areas, the State would be better positioned to ensure that the recycling charges that consumers pay are used to advance the mattress program and do not accumulate without reason.
As Table 3 shows, in the first two years of the mattress program’s operation, its revenue outpaced its expenses, causing its net assets to increase. According to the Mattress Council’s 2018 budget, most of the mattress program’s expense categories were below budget in 2016, largely because the Mattress Council’s contractors received fewer actual mattresses than it had anticipated and because not all municipal and solid waste facilities contracted with the Mattress Council. The mattress program’s net assets increased by roughly 80 percent in 2017, from about $23 million in January to more than $42 million by December. The mattress program’s budget for 2018 shows that it expects this amount to continue growing by more than $6 million.
*	We included the amount of CalRecycle’s oversight expense that it charges the Mattress Council as part of the administration and legal expense category.
†	The prior‑year balance for 2016 includes about $2.1 million in prior‑year expenses to start the program. The recycling act did not require the recycling charge to be collected before December 30, 2015. According to the Mattress Council’s managing director, the International Sleep Products Association funded all preprogram expenses through a combination of loans from the association and a line of credit against the association’s assets.
As we mentioned previously, the recycling act does not prescribe a limit to how much funding the Mattress Council can accumulate in a reserve. However, the legislative intent of the recycling act is for the Mattress Council to develop, finance, and implement a convenient and cost‑effective program to collect and recycle used mattresses generated in the State. When the Mattress Council instead accumulates large amounts of unspent funding rather than spending it on the program, it raises concerns about the degree to which its decisions support the legislative intent of the recycling act.
The Mattress Council is responsible for operating the mattress program in compliance with the recycling act. To this end, the Mattress Council collects used mattresses through multiple channels: free consumer drop‑off at permanent collection sites (which the Mattress Council’s 2016 annual report stated were mostly solid waste facilities and also include recycling facilities), retailer used mattress take‑back, large‑quantity institutional collectors, and consumer drop‑off at collection events. However, it collects far more mattresses from some channels than from others. According to the EPR supervisor, the mattress program is different from the carpet EPR program in that it includes a retailer used mattress take‑back requirement, and CalRecycle expected this option to yield the most mattresses for recycling. However, as Figure 2 shows, the Mattress Council collects most mattresses through permanent drop‑off sites throughout the State.
*	Large-quantity institutional collectors are hotels, educational facilities, and other institutional purchasers of mattresses
that, with limited exceptions, may drop off their discarded units at any Mattress Council‑contracted recycling facility.
†	State law requires retailers to offer consumers the option to have their used mattresses picked up for free if the retailers are delivering their new mattresses.
Permanent drop‑off sites offer stable and predictable places for individuals to dispose of used mattresses, so providing consumers convenient access to these sites is critical to the Mattress Council’s ensuring that it collects the maximum number of used mattresses for recycling. The Mattress Council’s recycling plan states that within the first year of the mattress program’s operation, it intended to identify at least one free drop‑off site in each county in California or hold at least one collection event annually in counties not served by drop‑off sites. However, the Mattress Council did not fulfill its intent: it neither established a permanent mattress drop‑off site nor held a collection event in every county in California by the end of 2016. According to the Mattress Council’s 2016 annual report, 122 collection sites and 11 recycling facilities were a part of the mattress program in 2016. The same report indicated that 15 of 58 counties did not have permanent drop‑off sites as of December 2016, although the Mattress Council held at least one collection event in 2016 in six of these counties, with the number of events per county ranging from one to three. However, collection events are less convenient than permanent drop‑off sites because they exclude anyone who wishes to dispose of mattresses but is unable to attend during that time. Further, there were nine counties in 2016 that did not have either a permanent drop‑off site or a collection event. According to the Mattress Council’s records, the mattress program had 168 collection sites and 10 recycling sites in its program as of June 2018. However, seven of 58 counties still did not have permanent drop‑off sites. These seven counties are populated by more than 1.5 million people, or about 4 percent of California residents. Although the Mattress Council has held at least one collection event in most of these counties and some residents in these counties may have access to a free disposal site by driving to a neighboring county, having at least one permanent disposal site in each county would help to ensure that its residents have convenient access for disposing of a mattress.
Further, because of the large size and population dispersion of some California counties, a per‑county measurement is not enough to fully assess the convenience of the mattress program. For example, as of the end of 2016, the Mattress Council had three free drop‑off sites in Alameda County—one each in Hayward, Oakland, and San Leandro. When the Mattress Council publishes its annual report, CalRecycle allows the public and interested program stakeholders to comment on the report. The city manager of Newark, a city in Alameda County, stated in a comment on the 2016 annual report that the terms the Mattress Council offered to solid waste facilities had not been effective at establishing a collection site anywhere in east Alameda County, which he stated has two transfer stations, two landfills, and a permanent household hazardous waste facility. Further, he stated that the mattress program had no collection sites in the east, south, or north areas of Alameda County and that many heavily populated areas were far from the available collection sites. The city manager of Pleasanton made similar comments on the same annual report.
To assess whether Californians have convenient access to dispose of used mattresses at one of the program’s drop‑off sites, we defined convenience as a 30‑minute drive to one of those drop‑off sites. We then reviewed three major metropolitan areas—the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, and San Diego—to determine how many residents live conveniently nearby a permanent drop‑off site within the program. Although we found the majority of residents in the Los Angeles and San Diego areas lived within a 30‑minute drive of a permanent drop‑off site, we identified significant groups of residents living beyond the 30‑minute drive time in the eastern part of the Bay Area and in Marin County. Figure 3 shows the results of our analysis and the key areas in which individuals do not have convenient access to permanent drop‑off sites in the Bay Area.
According to its managing director, the Mattress Council has faced challenges in establishing drop‑off sites in some areas. For example, he explained that Marin County has a single solid waste service provider and that this entity has been indifferent to the Mattress Council’s efforts to educate it about the mattress program’s purpose. Additionally, he noted that limited real estate options have made finding an alternative location for mattress drop‑off in that county difficult. As a result, as shown in Figure 3, most residents in Marin County are currently without a convenient free drop‑off site to dispose of their mattresses within the program.
As we recommend in Chapter 1, we believe the Legislature should require CalRecycle to develop a goal that would measure the consumer convenience of the mattress program. According to its managing director, the Mattress Council does not currently measure consumer convenience because the recycling act does not require a convenience standard and the Mattress Council believes convenience is subjective and difficult to measure in the short term. He explained that the recycling act established multiple channels for used mattress collection to ensure that Californians have reasonable access to recycle their used mattresses. Nevertheless, our review of EPR program literature identified the importance of establishing performance measurements to monitor program goals, such as ensuring consumer convenience. The program’s convenience could be measured in ways beyond those we describe in this section. For example, Washington state law, in requiring reasonably convenient collection for the state’s electronic waste program, specifies offering collection services in every county and at least one collection site or alternative collection service in every city or town with a population of more than 10,000. Further, as we describe earlier in this chapter, the Mattress Council currently has unspent funding it could use to establish more collection sites to allow consumers more convenient access to drop off used mattresses. As the Mattress Council continues to expand its program, a defined standard for convenience will be an important guide for its future spending.
The Mattress Council Could Improve the Convenience of the Mattress Program for Residents in the San Francisco Bay Area
Source: Analysis of permanent drop‑off site locations as of June 2018, provided by the Mattress Council.
Because the Mattress Council Has Not Established Measures of Success for Key Program Activities, It Cannot Demonstrate the Sufficiency of Its Spending in These Areas
The Mattress Council has not established measures of success to determine the effectiveness of its implementation of key program activities. The recycling act required the Mattress Council to describe in the recycling plan its intended activities in the areas of research and outreach to consumers, manufacturers, and retailers. However, it did not require the Mattress Council to establish metrics to measure the success of its spending on these activities. As a result, the Mattress Council does not have measurable goals for the mattress program related to consumer awareness and research on new technology. Because the recycling act requires the Mattress Council to report on its recycling activity on an annual basis, the State can determine if the Mattress Council achieves year‑over‑year increases in the number of mattresses collected and the amount of mattress material recycled. However, these aggregated results do not speak to the effectiveness of the Mattress Council’s spending on activities in specific areas of the mattress program. Without measurable goals in those areas, the Mattress Council cannot demonstrate that its spending and activities are sufficient or successful.
The Mattress Council has only recently begun measuring whether its spending and activities concerning consumer awareness are effective. According to its managing director, during the first two years of the mattress program, the Mattress Council did not perform any studies or surveys to determine the level of consumer awareness of the mattress program. In the first half of 2018, the Mattress Council performed a survey of residents to evaluate consumer awareness that a mattress could be recycled, that mattress recycling was free under state law, and of how to dispose of a mattress so that it would be recycled. During our audit, the Mattress Council provided us with the survey’s results and the Mattress Council disclosed a portion of the survey results in its 2017 annual report. However, its president asserted that the full results of that survey were confidential business proprietary information that could not be publicly disclosed. As a result, we do not include any information from that survey in this report. Nevertheless, the Mattress Council cannot demonstrate the sufficiency of its spending on advertising without goals to define how it would measure success.
The Mattress Council spent less on communication activities—which include consumer awareness activities such as advertising and market outreach—in the mattress program’s first year than the State’s paint EPR program spent in its first year. The Mattress Council’s managing director stated that it developed the mattress program’s budgets based on the metrics of other EPR programs in the State, such as the paint EPR program. We compared the expenses for the paint and mattress programs in their first year of operation and found that each spent a similar proportion of its total expenses on administration. However, the Mattress Council spent a much lower percentage on communications than the paint program did. In 2016 the Mattress Council spent about $1.5 million on communication activities, which was 9 percent of its total expenses. In contrast, in its first year of operation, the paint program spent about $2.4 million on communications, which was 25 percent of its total expenses. The managing director of the Mattress Council explained that although the Mattress Council modeled some of its cost targets on similar programs such as the paint program, educating consumers about paint recycling opportunities is different from educating them about mattresses because of the lifespans of the products. The Mattress Council also expressed that the expenses for communication after the first year of the paint EPR program were lower than the 25 percent it spent in its first year; maintaining an average of about 13 percent of its costs per year. We acknowledge that the Mattress Council’s spending a lower percentage of its costs on communications than the paint program does not prove that its spending on advertising and outreach was inadequate. However, the Mattress Council is more than two years into implementing the mattress program, and it has not yet determined whether its level of spending is sufficient, which we find a cause for concern. Without a focus on smaller and more immediately measurable goals, the Mattress Council will continue to spend millions of dollars on communications activities without knowing for certain that it is increasing awareness of the program, which in turn would contribute to an increase in mattress recycling.
Further, the Mattress Council could not demonstrate that it adequately funded research on new technology related to improving used mattress collecting, dismantling, and recycling operations. In 2016 the Mattress Council budgeted $50,000 towards research and advisory studies. However, it spent only $22,000—less than half of the planned amount. In 2017 the Mattress Council increased the budget to $200,000, but it spent only about $55,000. The Mattress Council’s 2016 annual report states that the Mattress Council supports applied research and development efforts to improve the sustainability of mattress recycling through efforts focused on advancing the efficient collection, transportation, and recycling of discarded mattresses and on identifying new and better uses for extracted mattress components. However, according to the Mattress Council’s managing director, research was not a priority in the initial years of launching the mattress program. Rather, he stated that the Mattress Council focused its efforts on tasks such as hiring staff; creating an outreach campaign for retailers, consumers, and other stakeholders; developing a mechanism for retailers to remit payment; and establishing the network for mattress collection. He further asserted that funding research to help establish secondary markets for recycled mattress materials would have been premature if the Mattress Council had not first ensured that the mattress program would collect a substantial number of mattresses.
Although establishing a network for mattress collection is an essential part of the mattress program’s success, the Mattress Council missed a strategic opportunity to invest in the long‑term viability of the mattress program. In its proposed 2019 budget, the Mattress Council indicated that one of the reasons that it needed to maintain a reserve was to respond to unforeseen circumstances, such as a failure in the market for recycled materials wherein recyclers could not readily sell materials extracted from used mattresses. In its 2017 annual report, the Mattress Council indicated that if the recycled materials from mattresses declined in value, it would need to compensate its contracted recyclers more, thereby increasing the overall cost of the program. Research to identify additional uses for recycled materials could help reduce the likelihood that recyclers will have no market for the material they reclaim from mattresses. However, the Mattress Council spent only a fraction of a percentage of its overall expenses on research activities in the first two years of the mattress program while it accumulated a large amount of reserve funding.
The Mattress Council increased its budget for research and development costs in 2018 and 2019 to $278,000 and $950,000, respectively. Therefore, the Mattress Council would benefit from developing goals in the area of research—such as a target for how effective it would like to make the technology that recyclers use to recycle mattresses so that more mattress material is recovered for recycling—because it cannot determine whether its spending is adequate without goals and metrics to measure its success.
Moreover, the Mattress Council has created measurable goals for other EPR programs it administers, demonstrating that it has the ability to do so when required. For example, the Mattress Council established measurable goals for Rhode Island’s mattress recycling program, such as ensuring that 80 percent of that state’s solid waste facilities participate and contacting all retailers to explain their obligation to register and remit payments to the Mattress Council by the end of the second year of the program’s operation. According to the Mattress Council’s managing director, the law that established Rhode Island’s mattress recycling program was specific about the Mattress Council developing metrics and measurable goals. Our review of Rhode Island law found that it required the Mattress Council to establish performance goals for the first two years of the program and to submit these goals for approval by the Rhode Island Resource Recovery Corporation (Rhode Island Corporation), a public corporation created by statute. Rhode Island law then required the Mattress Council to submit updated goals for the Rhode Island Corporation’s approval based on its experiences during the first two years of the program’s operation.
In contrast to Rhode Island’s law, the recycling act does not explicitly require the Mattress Council to include goals for the mattress program in its recycling plan. Based on our reviews of successful U.S. and European EPR recycling programs, we believe that setting clear targets that are acceptable to all stakeholders is a best practice and that state environmental agencies must ensure accountability when assessing progress towards performance goals. Further, without intermediate goals to measure the success of its spending in key program areas, neither the Mattress Council nor its stakeholders will be able to know whether its spending in these areas is adequate and effective.
The Legislature should amend the recycling act to require the Mattress Council to maintain a reserve equal to no more than six months of the mattress program’s budgeted expenses. Further, the Legislature should amend the recycling act to provide CalRecycle the ability through its budget approval process to direct the spending of any amount of funding that the Mattress Council accumulates in excess of this amount or to adjust the mattress recycling charge.
The Legislature should amend the recycling act to require the Mattress Council to include in its recycling plan measurable goals in the areas of consumer awareness and research on new technology. Further, the Legislature should require that the Mattress Council’s annual report include information about the mattress program’s progress toward meeting those goals.
We conducted this audit under the authority vested in the California State Auditor by Government Code 8543 et seq. and according to generally accepted government auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to provide a reasonable basis for our findings and conclusions based on our audit objectives specified in the Scope and Methodology section of the report. We believe that the evidence obtained provides a reasonable basis for our findings and conclusions based on our audit objectives.
We are specialized in scientific research and applied technology in the field phytochemistry and phytopharmacy.
detection and research of new biologically active substances (BAS) plant origin, especially possessing therapeutic activity;
searching and study of new pharmaceutical properties of the known biologically active substances plant origin;
development, manufacture and promotion of highly efficient natural bioproducts of plant origin, which have no parallel at pharmaceutical market;
development of the original, highly profitable production technologies of the plant substances (extracts enriched with target biologically active substances), including those on by-order basis;
development of the original, highly profitable production technologies of extra-pure (> 98.5%) reference standards (RS, SRS, WRS) of plant origin (phytostandards), including those on by-order basis;
manufacture and sale of extra-pure (> 98.5%) reference standards (RS, SRS, WRS) of plant origin (phytostandards), including those on by-order basis.
WE RECOVER YOUR HEALTH using the natural products — medicinal plants. Our company is committed to implementation of this mission.
Our main value and competitive advantage is HUMAN ELEMENT — our team of talented scientists and experts in phytotherapy, pharmaceuticals and botany.
We have set an ambiguous goal for ourselves — to establish new standards in phytopharmacy in Russia, first and foremost, in the area of creation of new plant substances and final products.
Systemic approach to research and development, original opinion and free mentality of the scientists enables Fitopanaces to develop unique products and technologies, including those which are unparalleled in the global practice. Targeting on the efficacy of our products ensures their uncompromisingly high quality. Patented know-how and original unique technologies, strict selection of the suppliers and partners, use of only the best components and materials enable to manufacture the products we are reasonably proud of!
What leads to readers' satisfaction with the mobile news apps service? An investigation into the roles of content originality and user experience [期刊论文]
Information service platform for science and technology innovation and entrepreneurship: New information service practice in the NSLC [期刊论文]
Continuance intention to use the mobile interest-based community: An integrated theoretical model and empirical study [期刊论文]
摘要 We investigated experimental warming and simulated grazing ( clipping) effects on rangeland quality, as indicated by vegetation production and nutritive quality, in winter-grazed meadows and summer- grazed shrublands on the Tibetan Plateau, a rangeland system experiencing climatic and pastoral land use changes. Warming decreased total aboveground net primary productivity ( ANPP) by 40 g . m(-2) . yr(-1) at the meadow habitats and decreased palatable ANPP ( total ANPP minus non- palatable forb ANPP) by 10 g . m(-2) . yr(-1) at both habitats. The decreased production of the medicinal forb Gentiana straminea and the increased production of the non- palatable forb Stellera chamaejasme with warming also reduced rangeland quality. At the shrubland habitats, warming resulted in less digestible shrubs, whose foliage contains 25% digestible dry matter ( DDM), replacing more digestible graminoids, whose foliage contains 60% DDM. This shift from graminoids to shrubs not only results in lower- quality forage, but could also have important consequences for future domestic herd composition. Although warming extended the growing season in non- clipped plots, the reduced rangeland quality due to decreased vegetative production and nutritive quality will likely overwhelm the improved rangeland quality associated with an extended growing season.Grazing maintained or improved rangeland quality by increasing total ANPP by 20 - 40 g . m(-2) . yr(-1) with no effect on palatable ANPP. Grazing effects on forage nutritive quality, as measured by foliar nitrogen and carbon content and by shifts in plant group ANPP, resulted in improved forage quality. Grazing extended the growing season at both habitats, and it advanced the growing season at the meadows. Synergistic interactions between warming and grazing were present, such that grazing mediated the warming- induced declines in vegetation production and nutritive quality. Moreover, combined treatment effects were nonadditive, suggesting that we cannot predict the combined effect of global changes and human activities from single- factor studies.Our findings suggest that the rangelands on the Tibetan Plateau, and the pastoralists who depend on them, may be vulnerable to future climate changes. Grazing can mitigate the negative warming effects on rangeland quality. For example, grazing management may be an important tool to keep warming- induced shrub expansion in check. Moreover, flexible and opportunistic grazing management will be required in a warmer future.; We investigated experimental warming and simulated grazing ( clipping) effects on rangeland quality, as indicated by vegetation production and nutritive quality, in winter-grazed meadows and summer- grazed shrublands on the Tibetan Plateau, a rangeland system experiencing climatic and pastoral land use changes. Warming decreased total aboveground net primary productivity ( ANPP) by 40 g . m(-2) . yr(-1) at the meadow habitats and decreased palatable ANPP ( total ANPP minus non- palatable forb ANPP) by 10 g . m(-2) . yr(-1) at both habitats. The decreased production of the medicinal forb Gentiana straminea and the increased production of the non- palatable forb Stellera chamaejasme with warming also reduced rangeland quality. At the shrubland habitats, warming resulted in less digestible shrubs, whose foliage contains 25% digestible dry matter ( DDM), replacing more digestible graminoids, whose foliage contains 60% DDM. This shift from graminoids to shrubs not only results in lower- quality forage, but could also have important consequences for future domestic herd composition. Although warming extended the growing season in non- clipped plots, the reduced rangeland quality due to decreased vegetative production and nutritive quality will likely overwhelm the improved rangeland quality associated with an extended growing season.
Find or Submit Unsecured Loans related products and services website information only on all-products-services.com.
Let's face it. Diapers are one of the handiest things around. They're the ultimate catch-all. Long after the kids are functioning on their own, these are still the perfect thing to grab for all kinds of reasons. Now, the ever-so-humble diaper can hang out with all the other classy hip baby accessories!
This Burp Cloth tutorial from Stardust Shoes shows us once again, how easy it is to make something ordinary, fun!
Kathy, thanks so much for taking the plunge! I'm in Melbourne Australia and got to you via Whipup-I think! I've 2 kids 7 & 9 we love making 'stuff' especially with fabric. My 7yo boy last night proclaimed embroidery was going to be his main hobby! He was embroidering a car. Looking forward to the fun. Andie.
I'm not so sure about keeping the diapers around long after my kids are done w/them. I have 2 in them right now and if I don't ever see another diaper I'll be glad! I DO LOVE those burp cloths!
That Dick and Jane fabric is da bomb. I'm going to have to order some online somewhere. Your burpies look great!
I adore this blog and this post! I have it listing on my blog page as "unique & non-threatening crafts"
All images and text on this website are copyrighted and the property of Michael Miller Fabrics. All rights reserved.
While there were ways to somewhat protect ourselves from this one, many of them were difficult to implement without impacting business processes such as disabling Java within Acrobat.
Given the high priority of this update, it is a good idea to get them down onto the Technician’s Thumb Drive as well as on all of our client’s servers and get those Acrobat products patched!
*All Mac on SBS posts will not be written on a Mac until we replace our now missing iMac! (previous blog post)
Our primary IT vertical is accounting firms since 1998. From accounting app support through to highly available solutions for accounting firms we've got it covered. I'm a Microsoft MVP since 2009. First on SBS and then starting in 2014 on Cluster.
Need to ask a question: E-mail: Blog Question. We are more than happy to answer a quick question. Need help? Then please ask to discuss our support options and rates.
We discuss various vendor and manufacturer products and services here. No sponsorship or monies have been paid to MPECS Inc. for their review or mention.
Any and all sponsorship to mention and/or review a vendor or manufacturer’s products will be fully disclosed in the relevant blog post.
We have a MacBook Pro 13" early 2009 laptop here in the shop that has been sitting idle for a while.
We needed to use the Disk Utility in the installer to set up a partition prior to being allowed to install the OS.
What a pain. Because we are on what is essentially an ancient OS version all of the apps were uncooperative due to the 2 Factor Authentication (2FA) that is enabled on our Apple ID.
Searching meant using buckshot terms to try and figure out exactly what needed to be done to allow the upgrade to proceed in the App Store.
In a world where so many people are struggling with an addiction to drugs, alcohol, sex, gambling and other vices, it is easy to question where the line is drawn. At what point does an interest become an addiction? If you are worried that some of your activities may be following the pattern of addiction, here are questions that you can ask yourself before you seek professional help.
Whether the vice in question in playing video games or drinking alcohol, you have to determine how important its role is in your life before you can label it as an addiction. If you find yourself making it a priority over other things in your life, then you may be addicted. You may also have a problem if you find that you are doing other activities less in order to spend more time doing the pleasurable activity in question.
Do you find the activity so enjoyable that you overlook the negative aspects of it? If so, you may be facing an addiction. For example, you may continue to eat an excess of junk food even though your doctor has told you that your health is in jeopardy, or you may continue to spend time on social media at work even after your boss said that his employees should not be on Facebook or Twitter at the office. Your dependence on the activity may be powerful enough that it gives you a sense of control and joy, especially if it helps you avoid tasks that you don’t like doing.
In most cases of addiction, a person needs more and more of a substance or activity in order to feel the same euphoric effects. If you find that you want to spend more time gambling, drinking or doing drugs, you should seek professional help. You may also have an addiction if you start to feel anxious when you think about stopping the activity, and you may experience feelings of panic if you go too long without enjoying your indulgence.
There are plenty of hobbies that people enjoy without letting them interfere with their relationships or work. However, if your hobby is putting a strain on your bond with your loved ones, then it may be an addiction for you. You may also have an addiction if your performance at work has suffered because so much of your time and energy is devoted to the activity.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, November 12th, 2014 at 7:20 pm	and is filed under Addiction. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Subscribe to our newsletter for the ultimate people, parties and places that define California's style.
Pitch Perfect Raising the stakes in artisanal event design, L.A.-based Gypset is just getting the party started.
Look Girl Kurdish Xvideo hard porn Girl Kurdish Xvideo video and get to mobile. They rape girls and kill innocent women and children which is against Islam. Kurdish - Free Porn Videos - YouPorn.
Sex Search at more online porn movies similar to this and watch them free at PornRabbit. Before entering Kurdish Xxx Sex Anal think twice if you have enough time and space to set your libido free!
Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best full length Lindsay Lohan Sucking Dick movies now! Now We made a little surprise for you and simplified the differences in super sexy Christmas style. Officers say Beattie told them the images were collected from online chat rooms, court records say. Lindsay Lohan Suing Grand Theft Auto V Makers - TheWrap. The main character, Aziza, steps onto a crate in order to see over the crowd.
Watch Lindsay Lohan Fake Nude Gallery porn videos for free, here on Pornhub. Lindsay Lohan will be paying off her debt to Shawn Holley by giving her future, incoming checks. Lindsay Lohan Flashes Bare Breasts In Canyons Book! See Her.
In the sexfreei lesbic movis, moist sexfreei lesbic movis atmosphere, they spread like oil slicks. There is a nude swimming scene between the two reluctant lovers, but Wilder assured that it. Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best full length Lindsay Lohan The Canyons movies now!
An event every month that begins at 5:00pm on day Last of the month, repeating until December 25, 2018
There are so many things I want to do after I graduate, but only one thing immediately comes to mind whenever I think of the months after I walk down the PICC aisle: Work!!! And though I am still enjoying the life of being a student while it still lasts, I just can't bring myself to stop thinking about the life after school. Given that I have Journalism as a course, which I took because I was chasing my Carrie Bradshaw dreams, and despite knowing that being a writer will not give sufficient funds to follow my whims, I took it anyhow with much uncertainty of my future. Why do we always have to care about money anyway? It's doing what we want to do that counts, right? Well apparently, not. Face it, the world is turning materialistic every minute and the only thing we need now to survive is money. Sad reality.
If money is not a problem and if I have the innate talent to nurture (given what Longinus said in his essay On Sublimity, that talents should be nurtured if you have them) I will probably be chasing all of my dreams. I can be a writer today, a cook tomorrow, and a dog walker the next day. But I only have one choice and course to be in as of the moment and I chose to be a Journalism student.
But it's not bad to dream a little. If I could do so many things in the same time, I probably would because I don't want to be idle. And if I can't do these at the same time, I wish I'll live three more lifetimes to do these three dream jobs I have in my mind right now:
Editor: Yes, probably the most attainable of the three just 'cos if I do my job well and work my way up to the top of the magazine pyramid, it's not impossible for me to be an editor, right? (c'mon be supportive here!) Because I kind of like bossing people around to do the dirty work, Kidding! But yeah, I want to be an editor, because I love the responsibility of leading people, and inspiring the readers with my magazine. I dream of a magazine that will shape a generation, which I know is really ambitious. I want my magazine to be specifically for women, tackling all the relevant (and irrelevant hehe) issues about her. But most of all, I want those women reading my magazine to be happy and proud of herself. Yes, Myrza Sison, Pauline Suaco- Juan, Carine Roitfeld, even Anna Wintour kind of influence, but as charming and bubbly as Mia Fausto- Cruz and Frances Amper- Sales. My kind of women!
Food Taster: I love to eat, but I know I can't cook to save my life. So that only means I cannot depend on cooking for a living. However, that won't stop me from earning from what I love so I decided that I'd be a Food taster and to be more classy, I want to be a food critique. It's nice to taste new food from chefs, tasting their techniques. I want to try out new restaurants and sample their menu. And because I'm an editor of so and so, and that my words mean a lot to the society, they have to impress me so I'd write a good critique about their food or restaurant. I'll probably spend some low times, probably succumbing to LBM from foods I ate or trying my best to still look good even if the food I am tasting tastes like shit just so I won't show my biases. Aahhh, it's nice to eat for free and for money.
Dessert Chef: I could die for desserts anytime! And if there's such thing as a dessert chef, then I'll probably be one. I can stare and eat sweets anyday, and even if it's bad to have too much sweets, don't worry I won't be doing it alone since I will share the bad habit with the world. I will make colourful macaroons, cakes, cookies in epic proportions, colorful desserts, chocolate recipes, yummy pastries that will make people melt. I will make beautiful wedding cakes because I love seeing happy couples making their first slices. I will bake a lot of goodies for everyone and make desserts the highlight of their meal because I think we can't have too many sweets. I will make my concoctions everybody's guilty pleasures and make sure it'll bring smiles to everyone's faces just by seeing it, moreover if they eat it.
I know I still have a lot of dream jobs at the back of my mind right now, but I can't push them further in front. I bet I'll be making a part two of this just because I have to make justice to my other dreams. Hehe.
Because I don't believe in anything, I take everything I read in to consideration. I like reading/listening what's in store for me.
What are the horoscope predictions for those born in the Year of the Dragon in 2011? What will the general luck outlook be for the dragons in the Year of the Rabbit? For those with dragon as their Chinese zodiac animal sign in 2011, the dragon can expect a rather good metal rabbit year. The fortunes of the dragons in rabbit year 2011 will be better compared to 2010. The dragons will have better wealth luck, better health and better career star in their path. The 2011 Chinese astrology predictions for dragon indicate that the dragon person will have a good luck level which will wash away all the unlucky fortunes that has been following the dragons.
The horoscope 2011 Year of the Rabbit predictions for the dragon forecasts that while there may be inauspicious stars in the life chart of the dragon in 2011, dragons will have many lucky stars escorting them in 2011. The positive stars in 2011 will outshine the unlucky stars in the rabbit year for the dragon. Dragons will see things moving more smoothly in 2011 metal rabbit year as the dragon will obtain positive results in the changes they made in this Year of the Rabbit. The dragons will see their fortunes become better and their feng shui in 2011 will also become better. There will be considerable mainstream income but a little less on windfall gains for the dragons in 2011. Even the dragons will have their wealth star shining brightly in 2011, they are advised to be careful when going into new ventures as there will always be unpredictable risk associated with new investment schemes.
The career star in 2011 for the dragons will shine brightly in the Year of the Rabbit. In the Chinese astrology 2011 forecasts for the dragon person, the career of the dragon will see major developments. For dragons hoping to become entrepreneurs in 2011, well, this is the best time to go for it. Doing well at your business will see you gaining more wealth in the rabbit year. There may be promotions at the corner in 2011 for the dragon peron. There are good chances for you to obtain monetary benefits as well as fame in 2011 for the dragon person. Dragons in 2011 can have a good 2011 feng shui by getting to know more people in the rabbit year in order to open new opportunities and expand their business. Dragons must not be arrogant as this action will caused other to despise you and thus making you feeling uneasy.
Dragon in Year of the Rabbit will have good wealth luck but what about the dragon’s health luck in 2011? Dragons will see their health greatly improved in the metal rabbit year but they have to watch their diet and hygiene factor closely. In order for the dragon person to stay fit in the rabbit year, they must eat more healthy food and exercise on a more regular basis. To stay safe in 2011, the 2011 dragon horoscope predicts that the dragon may face some danger in water sports. In the relationship area for the dragons in the rabbit year, couples will likely have a good time together. The dragon in metal rabbit year must get rid of their poker face in 2011 and be more frank with your facial expression. A gentle smile will allow the dragons to have a better romance with their partners. The compatible animal sign in 2011 for the dragons include the rat, monkey and rooster.
What can the dragon do in 2011 do to get rid of bad luck in the Year of the Rabbit? What are the ways can the dragon carry out to attract more wealth in 2011 and have a better 2011 feng shui? The 2011 horoscope readings in rabbit year suggest that the dragon should put lucky amulets that belong to the dragon and rooster zodiac animals at the wealth position of the house. The dragon should also place a wealth beckoning ingot there too. The main reason for carrying out this feng shui procedure is to harness the wealth luck and thus allow the dragons to accumulate wealth in 2011. If you are still unsure whether you are born with dragon as your Chinese zodiac sign, well, you are a earth dragon if you are born in 1928 while you are a metal dragon if your birth year is 1940. You are a water dragon if you are born in 1952 while you will be a wood dragon if you are born in 1964. If you have 1976 as your birth year, then you will be a fire dragon while you are definitely an earth dragon if you are born in 1988.
Created by legendary Sega game designer Yu Suzuki in 1985, Hang-On was a revolutionary game for its time - the quick sprite scaling arguably gave a greater sense of actually "being there" compared to driving games that had been released in arcades prior. Furthermore, the game got released to arcades in three different cabinet types - a standup version, a "seated" version, and a deluxe version that simulated riding a motorcycle. The deluxe version was obviously the biggest draw to arcadegoers, but it still enjoyed a good amount of success when it was ported to the Sega Master System, and was famously included as a full playable game in the in-game "arcade" in the Dreamcast game Shenmue (also designed by Yu Suzuki).
I'll be frank though - playing this game in MAME is not quite the same experience as riding that motorcycle. It's still completely and totally playable on a digital (non-analog) control scheme, but you may not have the same precise controls as the arcade handlebars. One can still do very well on this game using a keyboard, pad, or joystick... but you may have to play around a little with the analog settings.
(In testing this game, I found that I initially had issues with 0.106 in that the control would sometimes get "stuck" when going to the left, or not respond immediately when pushing to the left. Going into the analog settings and raising the Paddle Autocenter Speed to the maximum of 255 seemed to fix this, I think. Still, I found that the control worked better for me in 0.148, but your mileage may vary (it's an automobile joke! Get it?!...). And yes, I played back quite a few personal attempts at this with 0.148 and encountered no desyncs, so here's hoping what happened with Cosmo Gang was an isolated incident that only happened with that driver. Anyway, if you have any issues with the controls, post and we'll try to help you out)
This is the second of the three qualifying rounds. If you don't like this game, or racing games in general, you still have one more chance next week to gain points to make the top 32. Good luck to everyone!
thank god that game is over. the ingame smarmy cheesy 70's style keyboard music made me feel ill....
The game Shenmue that BBH was refering to above is also a great game. Used to test this game for Sega about 12 yrs ago.
Wolf106 didn't like the 1st romset I downloaded (containing 28 files like epr-6819.ic27, etc) but Wolf148 was fine.
Perhaps someone more knowledgeable than me can explain the differences? Will it matter which romset version I use to record the INP's?
I don't think the roms themselves have changed, they just changed the filenames for the required roms inside the zip file at some point. If all the CRC's match despite the different filenames then MAME *SHOULD* run it whether it's 0.106 or 0.148. Or at least, I'm not having any issues with it.
fwiw it's recommended to use 0.148 because engine sound is emulated much better (and doesn't have that annoying whistle at start-up)
BBH wrote: I don't think the roms themselves have changed, they just changed the filenames for the required roms inside the zip file at some point. If all the CRC's match despite the different filenames then MAME *SHOULD* run it whether it's 0.106 or 0.148. Or at least, I'm not having any issues with it.
I've just submitted an INP (made by Wolf106 with the "older" romset) so it can be confirmed by the judges whether its working okay. Don't want to spend hours playing if it ain't recording properly.
Hi all, I'm tryiong to use my X360 pad but the sensitivity for steering seems to be always too high no matter what I do. Any hints?
Images © their respective owners, Shimmie-2.3-beta8 © Shish 2007-2009, based on the Danbooru concept.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
Reclaim Your City episode 300 with Speedy J live dj set recorded at Possession Warehouse, Paris (29-09-2018).
Interview with “FlashForward” Star Christine Woods: Today marks the premier of much anticipated ABC series: FlashForward. Now, I’ve watched the trailer and the script looks very captivating. The FlashForward story line is about what happens when everyone on Earth blacks out, only to awake and be able to foresee the future. The show was created by David S. Goyer who also wrote the screenplays for Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and The Flash.
I’m excited to bring to you an interview with star of FlashForward, Christine Woods. Christine plays the role of Janis Hawk FBI Agent at the Los Angeles Field Office with superior analysis abilities. Her character is a bit of a tomboy with a quick wit, and was trained at the Academy with fellow agent Demetri Noh (played by actor John Cho).
In this interview Christine Woods talks to Marta Walsh about her love for acting. What attracted her to the role of Janis Hawk in the new ABC series FalshForward. Her meeting with actor Joseph Fiennes on the set. reveals what’s in her makeup bag. What some people may not know about Christine and future plans.
Marta Walsh: How did you decide on a career in acting, and what were some of your first breaks as an actress?
Christine Woods: I was a singer and a dancer my whole life. I was a musical theatre major in college. I moved out to LA about 4 and half years ago and started auditioning every day. I did couple of guest stars here and there. This is honestly my first big break.
MW: What attracted you to Janis Hawk character on the new ABC series Flash Forward? How much of Janis’ personality is similar or different to yours?
CW: I read the script, it was pretty small role. I was more taken by the script and story as a whole, and of course by the creator, David S. Goyer. David is absolutely brilliant and I love his work. I’m also very interested in strong female characters. Janis Hawk is intelligent and smart. She is a career woman. She is in a job that is predominantly male. I’m always fascinated with women who can do that. It’s atypical for a woman to rise to top of the FBI world.
MW: How was it working on the set of Flash Forward with your director and co-stars? What some memorable moments did you have and what did the experience thought you as an actress?
CW: A lot of people are British on the show like Joseph Fiennes who is a huge movie star, which made me a bit nervous. Then couple weeks went by and everybody have been so fun and really easy going. David S. Goyer, the creator of Flash Forward, is so no-nonsense. You know where you stand with him. He is very direct and positive. It was a real good experience for me.
MW: What do you love most about acting in a thriller such as Flash Forward? Which other film genres are you interested in playing in the future?
CW: I had to do research for my role. You could really fake it. I can barely send an email. I am not a tech savvy in any way. However, my character Janis is very tech savvy. She loves computers and surveillance. That’s what she does best. So I had to learn to look like I knew what I was doing and saying all these big words about different surveillance cameras. Singing and dancing are my first love and have a special place in my heart. These are the two things that brought me to the art. So I would love to do film and comedy. I would like to do it all! When I first read the script David S. Goyer asked me: “What kind of stuff do you do, and why did you pick this script to audition for. Do you like comedy or drama?” My answer to that was: “I just like stuff that is really good and different.”
CW: I’m really trying to focus on Flash Forward and kind of go from there. It’s my first series and if I think of something else at the same time my head would explode.
CW: I do own a makeup bag and I have to say it’s very small. This is what you find in my makeup bag: a Maybelline mascara from Target, for sure all the way. I don’t think I’ve ever spent more than $10 on mascara. I can’t go anywhere with my under-eye concealer by Lancôme, because when you work long hours you need a little help. I always have a Laura Mercier blush, whether or not I use it, it’s up in the air. I also have a Kiehl’s lip gloss, and like 55 sunscreen lotions for the face. I’m so obsessed with sunscreen. I’m freckly so if I didn’t wear sunscreen I would turn into one giant freckle. But, it’s a good thing to be obsessed with!
CW: I’m wearing Coco Mademoiselle by CHANEL since I was 16. You get very attached to your smell. And I tried to branch out saying that this year I’m going to find a new perfume, but I always go back to my smell.
CW: Natural is the way to go, and less is more. I love makeup and I love to play with makeup and skincare. You need to take of your skin especially as an actress. I just like to put on my sunscreen and a lip gloss and call it a day. It is really liberating to take care of your skin and let that be your makeup.
CW: I love to go to Kinara Spa in West Hollywood on Robertson. They do the best facials. I use some of their facial skincare products too and my skin has never looked better. The place is very quaint, cute, and not snobby. They know what they are doing. Luckily I get my hair cut and done on set by Katherine Rees. I don’t remember when was the last time I got my hair cut in a salon. Katherine actually won an Emmy Award (2009) as as the Key Hairstylist for “Mad Men”.
CW: I love Robin Wright Penn, she is stunning, her work is unbelievable, and she always knocks my socks off. You watch her movie once and you think she is talented, you watch it again you go: God she is beautiful. I also love Jennifer Jason Leigh, and of course, Cate Blanchett.
CW: I know this as answer you hear a lot, but I do love Paris. And I really love Southern California; I was born and raised here. I live in Venice Beach now and I absolutely love it. I probably couldn’t’t live anywhere but Southern California and be truly happy.
CW: Some people may not know that I currently train in Taekwondo a Korean Marshall Art, something a picked up for my role. I was a tap dancer my whole life, and I failed out college, I thought I was too cool for school.
I was very encouraged to find this site. I wanted to thank you for this special read. I definitely savored every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you post. qqbhxc4412
I’m a blog enthusiast and with so many blogs on the internet now, not very many stand out. Your blog caught my attention and I thought that I would post to let you know that.
“The guy who invented poker was bright, but the guy who invented the chip was a genius.” My virtual place: Poker bonusy
I’ve been experiencing this kind of sneaky spam since last year. And it has only gotten worse this time around. It’s a good thing I’ve developed a quick eye for such spam comments that look legitimate. What’s kind of annoying though is it seems that Akismet is slow in learning about this, a few comments still manage to get through.
Good post. I previousally to spend alot of my time wakeboarding and being involved in sports. It was most certainly the most special period of my life and your blog really reminded me of that. Cheers
Nice.. your post is pretty good. Not only was it helpful, it taught me some new things Just added this to my fav’s Keep posting buddy =)
Good – I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs and related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, website theme . a tones way for your client to communicate. Nice task.
I have a fast question and maybe someone can help me out. I’d like to talk to a experienced personal injury lawyer and I’m not sure where to start looking. Do you know anything about this injury law office? They are based out of San Diego California near where I live so I was considering reaching out to them Gateway Personal Injury Law Firm, 105 W F St Ste 500, San Diego, CA 92101 (619) 330-5882
Beauty Interviews is excited to share with you an interview with Marta Walsh a North Scottsdale REALTOR and also the founder of US’ top fashion & beauty blog www.talkingmakeup.com. Marta Walsh a North Scottsdale REALTOR and also the founder of US’ top fashion & beauty blog www.talkingmakeup.com Beauty Interviews: Why did you decide to become […]
Lip Top Coats seem to be a new thing. At first I thought these were just glitzy lip glosses and rolled my eyes at the industry for making something old a new thing, but these are a little different. At least from what I expected. Basically they’re sheer (or pigmented, depending on the brand/type of top coat) and some dry matte.
Although I’ve already been wearing a lot of toppers, from Jouer to Urban decay, this one, Stila Glitterati Lip Top Coat in the shade, Ignite, was my first!
I was leisurely wandering around Ulta several weeks ago and I swatched this on my hand, gasped, and put it in my shopping basket.
If anything, Ignite added a touch of darker pink to Utopia, and made my lips more metallic and sparklier when the light hit them. It wasn’t so overdone that I felt like I had glitter lips walking around It was actually pretty subtle and nice.
This wasn’t a big color difference so I hit up my stash. Could Ignite make a more visible difference if I tried it over something else? So I whipped out my Urban Decay Vice Liquid Lipstick in Conspiracy, a dark burgundy brown with golden shimmer (this color seems SO much more complex than I’m making it sound, it’s STUNNING) and I let it dry on the back of my hand.
Then, I swiped Ignite over it – right is plain Conspiracy and left is with ignite. Bottom is Ignite search for reference:
The packaging on Ignite says you can layer it or wear it alone. I don’t think I’d want to build it up to wear it alone, since it dries matte. But to each their own!
A usage tip: Shake this up before you apply it! The color of the formula will settle at the bottom, so give her a good shake and you’ll be good to go.
Glitterati Lip Top Coat also comes in the shade, Transcend, described as a pink, mutli-color sparkle on the brand’s website.
In 2011 to 2015, the number of Registered Valuers in New Zealand has generally between only around 900 to 950 each year. This is an ageing 'top heavy' professional with difficulty retaining new and young members due to pay, work stress and the recent advent of 'clearing houses' for banks to order valuations for mortgage purposes. The clearing houses have largely ended the long-standing local practice of members of the public seeking advice directly from a valuer. The use of electronic estimates based on Rating Values (Local Government mass appraisal for levies) is also leading to a reduction in standard valuation work and is significantly affecting the viability of small valuation businesses. The profession is in the process of a wider corporate re-structuring of the valuation market due to these factors with various perceptions within profession as to the merits of the events of the last five years.
Because the appraisal primarily protects the lender's interests, the lender will usually order the appraisal. According to the Appraisal Institute, an association of professional real estate appraisers, a qualified appraiser should be licensed or certified (as required in all 50 states) and be familiar with the local area. Federal regulations state that the appraiser must be impartial and have no direct or indirect interest in the transaction. Fannie Mae requires appraisers to certify that they have experience appraising similar properties in the same geographic area.
The role of a real estate appraiser is to provide honest, impartial and objective opinions regarding the market value of the property in the form of an appraisal. This service plays a huge role in assisting those who own, manage, sell, invest, and/or lend money on the security of real estate. Appraisers will gather facts, stats, and any other information regarding said property. From there they will put their analytical skills to test in analyzing this data, exercising sound judgement, and communicating this effectively in their appraisal report.
Lenders want to make sure that homeowners are not overborrowing for a property because the home serves as collateral for the mortgage. If the borrower should default on the mortgage and go into foreclosure, the lender will recoup the money it lent by selling the home. The appraisal helps the bank protect itself against lending more than it might be able to recover in this worst-case scenario.
Note: Submission of this appraisal order form does not constitute an acceptance of the order by the appraiser. The appraiser will contact you and discuss the details of the assignment and from that point an agreement can be reached between you and the appraiser about the assignment. If the appraiser does not contact you more than likely they are having email problems so you should try to contact them by phone.
Thus, the definition of value used in an appraisal or Current Market Analysis (CMA) analysis and report is a set of assumptions about the market in which the subject property may transact. It affects the choice of comparable data for use in the analysis. It can also affect the method used to value the property. For example, tree value can contribute up to 27% of property value.[8][9]
Twitty, 49, brings a wealth of knowledge to the position. A lifelong Pinellas County resident and University of Florida graduate, he went to work for Entreken Associates, a small local appraisal firm, and eventually bought an ownership stake. Entreken later merged with other firms to form Valbridge Property Advisors, a national company handling residential and commercial appraisals and eminent domain cases. Twitty has appraised thousands of properties of varying types and holds the field's highest professional designation. As a director with Valbridge, he has extensive management experience that will be key to running a professional office that serves the public. He has a vision for modernizing the office, including creating a user-friendly, one-stop-shopping website that can generate reports on individual properties and includes zoning and land use information, tax records and other public records.
"What is my house worth?" These real estate appraisers can answer that and much more all over Pinellas County. Whether it is appraising your home for a property tax appeal if your property taxes are too high, valuing your home for estate work or a divorce or helping you secure a HELOC, a local appraiser is best. They obviously also appraise new construction homes as well as existing homes, and can do it for a home listing, before or after a sale. They use the local MLS (Multiple Listing Service) to gather data on sales and listings and use them to professionally tell you what the price per square foot should be for your home and others in your area. They also can determine if there's any effect on the value of your home from pending foreclosures, REOs, and other "short sales" in Pinellas County. A licensed and certified appraiser's estimates of value on residential single family homes, condos, townhouses and more are much better than what you'll find when using an AVM (automated valuation model) or a BPO (Broker Price Opinion). They can do an appraisal for VA, FHA, conventional, jumbo, and Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac purposes, and routinely provide those reports on URAR, drive-by, and 1004 MC (1004 Market Condition) forms as well as others.
Liz Moore, 28 and Will Kemp, 19 are now fully underway with their Local Taxation Apprenticeship with Brighton & Hove City Council (BHCC).
Liz: "Before my apprenticeship I was working in Brazil as an English Teacher, I then went on to work with Health Management Companies in Australia and England, after this I worked at EDF Energy in Portslade."
Will: "After I finished college I didn't know what to do, so I ended up working in Tesco for a year. I wanted to move on and learn and new trade while getting paid, so I decided to go for an apprenticeship."
A behind-the-scenes look at the Aldeburgh Festival and the opening by The Queen of the new concert hall at Snape. "A superb film (which) may well achieve the status of a classic, repeated a...
There are always dates that resonate forever in our lives – “I remember exactly what I was doing when….”; or even “I was there……” The death of Ke...
Death in Venice was to be Britten's last full-length opera, first performed at Snape Concert Hall on June 16, 1973. Britten was already ill, suffering from a botched heart operation, and ...
Late in 1945, Basil Wright and the Crown Film Unit commissioned from Benjamin Britten the soundtrack for a film they were planning to be called ‘Instruments of the Orchestra’, which was...
Berlioz died in 1869, broken by the failure to get his masterpiece, on which he had laboured for thirty years, performed. It was not staged complete until twenty-one years after his death. ...
I had long admired Warren Mitchell as an actor. In spite of being crippled to some extent by his most famous creation, Alf Garnett in 'Til Death Us Do Part, brilliant though he was, one ...
The soundtrack of Tony Palmer's film was described by the Professor of Film at Kansas University as "the most trenchant statement concerning the appropriation of art by the authoritarian state" a...
In 1945, the new Polish government asked for the heart of Chopin, previously buried in Paris. A woman called Paulina Czernika approached the Polish government claiming to have some love letters fr...
The composer Frederick Delius is often pictured as the blind, paralysed and caustic old man he eventually became. But in his youth he was tall, energetic, handsome and charming – not Fr...
With his noble bearing, stiff upper lip and imperial moustache, the composer Sir Edward Elgar is often seen as the epitome of Edwardian England. But this image was deliberately contrived, and far f...
The Symphony actually dates from 1976 when Górecki was (as he tells us in the film) a 'non-person' in the political sense, when his music was banned in his native Katowice in Poland. H...
This film was originally shown in 1985 on British television, (Channel Four) to commemorate the 300th anniversary of Handel’s birth. Written by John Osborne, it strips away what ...
Taken from the soundtrack of the film God Rot Tunbridge Wells, this unforgettable collection of Handel’s ‘hits’ was rightly praised at the time for making Handel sound,...
The film was first shown on Melvyn Bragg’s South Bank Show. The critics were divided. Stephen Johnson, writing in The Listener, admitted that while the various thematic strands undo...
The first ever film about this extraordinary man - who taught himself Sanskrit, lived in a street of brothels in Algiers, cycled into the Sahara Desert, allied himself during the First World War ...
He is a legend even among other violinists and has been at the top of his profession for over sixty years. Probably the last of a great tradition, he is both our link to the past and our guide fo...
He is the most performed composer of his generation. His operas Nixon in China and The Death of the Klinghoffer have been international hits, although not without a touc...
This is the story of how the most famous dancer that England has ever produced was deceived and betrayed by those closest to her; of how a little girl called Peggy Hookham, brought up in Shanghai...
There are so many astonishing facts about Maria Callas... First, she was born not in Greece but in Manhattan and went to school there. Second, considering her colossal influence and i...
- Ambient/ElectronicBluesBlues/RockCelticClassicalElectronicaExperimentalExperimental rockFolkFolk RockInstrumentalJazzJazz/ExperimentalJazz/RockMetalPopPop/Avante Garde/AmbPop/Psychedelia/RockPop/RockProg rockProg/ambientPsychedelia/RockPsychedelic RockReggaeRockRock/ExperimentalRock/PopSoulSoundtrackSpace PopSpace RockSpoken WordSpoken Word/ComedyBiographicalNostalgiaDocumentaryAcousticClassical/Docu
In 1975 Virgin Records released the first album of Cyrille Verdeaux compositions titled CLEARLIGHT SYMPHONY. Clearlight became the first French progressive rock band signed to a major British record label. Gathering accolades for its unique compositions and keyboard stylings, the music spanned from classical romanticism to lush experimentation. Primarily psychedelic, but also serving as a forerunner of new age music, the album's musical style manages to blend seemingly contrary elements: the symphonic rock concept is flexible enough to permit extensive jamming in both rock and jazz fusion styles.Clearlight Symphony does not officially have an artist name, but is now regarded as the first album by Clearlight who adopted the name later that year, after briefly using the name Delired Cameleon Family. Side one features group member Cyrille Verdeaux and three members of Gong; side two features the group that would become Delired Cameleon Family (Clearlight). Neither group is explicitly named as the artist.
Clearlight has/have continued to produce remarkable music ever since. But this album is particularly poignant.
Pascal Menetrey passed away accidently in 2006. This album is dedicated to his memory. RIP, Pascal...
The music on this album is powerful, selected to illustrate the yang side of the first chakra, the one in charge of life and death energies; designed to energize the body and to celebrate life. Samples of Inuits, Papoos, Tuvas, Ethiopian and Kurdish singers as well as samples of various wild animals facing extinction collected one per one by Pascal Menetrey between 1992 and 1999 are musically shaped by Cyrille Verdeaux to boogie for the pleasure of the ears. The aim of Tribal Hybrid Music (THC)is to help in the stopping of all these trails of tears, these massacres of innocents all around the globe. The base chakra (Muladhara) is the root of the Kundalini, the coiled serpent representing untapped potential and sexual energy. It also represents security and the need for basic needs (air, water, food) that all life requires for sustenance as well as fundamental human desire. The chants of various tribes facing extinction represent the death aspect of this chakra, since most of the beings heard on this album are probably already dead. As Pascal is already...
But there's more. Cyrille writes: It hosts the one and only song ever recorded by the Amazonian Chief Raoni, former protégé of Sting in the 80's and the old chief is still struggling and still in trouble to keep his tribe alive inspite of the efforts of the Brazilian Gvt to make them disappear once and for all in the name of "ordem e progresso". So the more CDs will be sold, the more royalties Raoni will get to help him to resist to his fatal fate.
With the genuine voice of the great Chief of Amazonia, recorded by his French explorer friend Jean-Pierre Dutilleux and put into music by Cyrille Verdeaux's friend, Alexis Chanebau.
This song in genuine Kayapo language sang by Raoni himself is a moving and wise calling to spear the Amazonian territory, for this ecosystem is essential, not only for the survival of his tribe but also for all the earthlinks present and future…
"I'm back now, because my concern returned. I learned that you too are worried now. The winds came and destroyed your forest. You knew the fear that we know. I tell you, if man continues to destroy the earth, these winds will return with even more force ... not once ... but many times ... sooner or later. These winds will destroy us all.
We all breathe one only air, we all drink one only water, we all live on one only earth. We must all protect it.
Home invasions began again. Woodcutters and gold diggers do not respect the reserve. We do not have the means to protect this vast forest which we are guardians for all of you.
In 1975 Virgin Records released the first album of Cyrille Verdeaux compositions entitled, Clearwater Symphony. It was the first in a series of albums by a project led by pianist Verdeaux with the participation of other musicians; including in this case three members of Gong on one side, and two other French musicians, Gilbert Artman (of Lard Free and later Urban Sax) and Christian Boulé (formerly with Verdeaux in the band Babylone, and a later Steve Hillage sideman) on the other.
Primarily psychedelic, but also serving as a forerunner of new-age music, Clearlight became the first French progressive rock band signed to a major British record label.
Their secret? Well, Clearlight certainly went the other direction of many of their prog contemporaries of the late 70's. While a band like Eloy started relying much more heavily on synthesizers than ever before (with albums like Dawn and Ocean), Clearlight cut back on the synthesizers, mostly just the occasional synth effects from Tim Blake or some minor use of ARP Odyssey.
Ergo, with most albums dominated by Verdeaux's piano, Clearwater were head and shoulders above the other prog bands then, and upcoming also. And having made remarkable music ever since, give or take a few years in between albums, the band once as managed by the great Jacques Reland (now a lecturer at the London Metropolitan University and Head of European Research at the Global Policy Institute) can honestly say they still have their finger on the musical pulse of world music.
And so to this new album, Tribal Hybrid Concept where the music is always powerful and selected to illustrate the yang side of the first chakra; the one in charge of life and death energies; designed to energize the body and to celebrate life. Samples of Inuits, Papoos, Tuvas, Ethiopian and Kurdish singers as well as samples of various wild animals facing extinction collected one per one by Pascal Menetrey between 1992 and 1999 are musically shaped by Verdeaux to boogie for the pleasure of the ears.
Indeed, Verdeaux himself has said, "It hosts the one and only song ever recorded by the Amazonian Chief Raoni, former protégé of Sting in the 80's and the old chief is still struggling and still in trouble to keep his tribe alive in spite of the efforts of the Brazilian Govenment to make them disappear once and for all in the name of "ordem e progresso". So the more CDs will be sold, the more royalties Raoni will get to help him to resist to his fatal fate."
Talking of "fatal fate," the chants of various tribes facing extinction represent the death aspect of this chakra. And since most of the beings heard on this album are probably already dead, well, this album is made particularly all that more poignant because, sadly, Pascal Menetrey passed away in 2006 - and so this Tribal Hybrid Concept album is dedicated to his memory.
... that's what you experience through 'Tribal Hybrid Concept'. Cyrille Verdeaux we know in addition to his solo work, of course, of Clear Light.The deceased in 2006 Pascal Menetrey collected during his travels ethnic sounds. These samples were processed by Verdeaux impressive and integrity in 14 compositions, which prog- and trance edge given by the soothing keyboards Verdeaux. duo takes us on a tour of the Papuans, tribes in Africa, villages in India with voices of women and children, Balinese show, bird and insect sounds and even the sound of falling trees in the Amazon region plagued by 'wood seekers. It is therefore rightly given a voice to Raoni, the Chief of Amazonia 'dedicated to the rainforest.
Excellent album represents an extraordinary journey that makes you realize that there is more than our dominant supposed Western culture and you awakens . For what is still a shame if this kind of ethnic cultures would disappear and what would be a global disaster if the rainforest is doomed.Support this fight! Harry de Vries (what a week 34)
The Frenchman Cyrille Verdeaux was born on 07/31/1949 in Paris. At fourteen he started at the National Conservatory of Music where he studied composition, harmony and piano. Between 1966 and 1968 he won three times 1st prize in student composition. But in 1968 he was expelled because of his revolutionary activities. He then went to the conservatory in Nice to get his Masters degree and then returned to Paris to set up. Progressive rock band Babylone In 1975 his debut came out on Virgin Records entitled "Clearlight Symphony. His friend Pascal Menetrey died in 2006, and this album is dedicated to him. The music on it is powerful, selected to illustrate. Yang side of the first chakra This chakra rules over life and death energies. Menetrey samples were Inuit, Papoo, Tuva, Ethiopian and Kurdish singers gathered, as well as samples of wild animals threatened with extinction. Between 1992 and 1999 Its purpose is to kill these innocent people around the world to stop. There is also a unique song, "Raoni's Song," the only person ever recorded by Amazoniaanse chief Raoni, a former protégé of Sting. Cyrille plays keyboards and said, "Talking or" fatal fate, "the chants of various tribes facing extinction represents the death aspect of this chakra. And since most of the beings heard on this album are probably already dead, well, this album is made ​​all that more poignant Particularly Because, sadly, passed away in 2006 Pascal Menetrey - and so this Tribal Hybrid Concept album is dedicated to his memory. "An album for lovers of world music so.
An album with samples of Inuit's Papoos, Tuvas, Ethiopian and Kourdian singers, alongwith samples of wild animals. For lovers of world music
From another U.K. record label, Gonzo Multimedia releases the experimental side project of Cyrille "Clearlight" Verdeaux entitled Tribal Hybrid Concept. The album has Verdeaux joining forces with Pascal Menetrey on this adventure into the local sounds of many tribes facing extinction in today's world. The new fourteen song release uses the language of the tribes amongst an ambient backdrop that only enhances these special dialects. One of the perfect examples is "Raonis Song" which features the voice of the Chief of Amazonia speaking on behalf of the children of the Kayapo tribe. Many of the songs feature the chants of different tribes as Verdeaux and Menetrey pick the perfect background music to give the songs a modern feel for the general public. Songs like "Organic Trance" and "Trance Connexion" have sound clips of African birds and insects amongst a steady dance beat. The different tribal chants give the music different tones, as with the deep swirling of "Papou Pas Pris" and the lighter, more energetic rhythm of "Zeph Here." The club-like feel of "Trance Pire" keeps the energy going right through to the closer of the quietly exploring sound of "Amazon Corazon."
In 1975 Virgin Recordsreleased the first album ofCyrille Verdeaux calledClearlight Symphony . And while this first album carries no artist name, quickly Clearlight was adopted. And then, theClearlight became the first French band to prog rockto be signed by a British multinational. Musically, Cyrille Verdeaux rested his work in rock progressive, although he neglected never incursions by other genres such as psychedelic, the jazz fusion , thespace rock and new age . The Clearlight continued to make music, they released several albums but the album Tribal Hybrid Concept is definitely striking. Firstly because here Verdeaux works with Pascal Menetrey died in 2006. Therefore, this album also ends up being a tribute to Pascal. It was he himself who collected between 1992 and 1999, one by one, the sounds of various animals endangered. These sounds can now be heard in Tribal Hybrid Concept . But not only that, this is an album designed to bring positive energy and celebrate life. Therefore samples of Inuit Papoos, Tuvas, Ethiopian and Kurdish singers and even an Indian chief from Amazon, Raoni(protected from Sting , who made ​​a tour in 1989) to sing in their native language, the Kayapo also here can be ears. More than a music disc, Tribal Hybrid Concept is a multicultural manifesto that aims to protect and defend minorities and endangered species. The Chief Raoni maintains its own fight against the Brazilian Government in an attempt to not only defend their tribe but also the poise and the present and future sustainability of nature and the planet. As for the animals, maybe some of these sounds that we hear here may already be extinct ... It is the ultimate information of the proceeds from the sale of this album reverts to the struggle of the people of Raoni.
Tracklist : 1) onshore Australia; 2) Raoni's Song; 3) Shawnee froid; 4) Transe fuses; 5) Organic Trance; 6) Pass Papuan Prisms; 7) Here Zeph; 8) Rain dance; 9) Aztec tartare: 10) Tuva Bene; 11) Mashed Transe; 12) Sufi Dance; 13) Offline Transe; 14) Amzone Core Zone
Pascal MENETREY died prematurely in 2006, and the album "Tribal Hybrid Concept" is dedicated to his memory. Pascal in the years 1992 - 1999 record Papuan voices, Inuit, Ethiopian, Kurdish and many other exotic singers, as well as the voices of wild animals in danger of extinction. In contrast, known for his popular in the 70s ofClearlight , Cyrille Verdeaux (recently wrote in our magazine for its fully electronic solo project entitled "The Impressionists Symphony" ), adorned it all sounds of music.
What an album! Fourteen native ethnic composition directly from Amazon, integrated into the dance, disco and film climates. The whole creates inimitable style. This is something that has actually been recorded and implemented among indigenous tribes, and then combined with the synthetic sounds of rhythmic loops and samples.
Climate associate it sounds like the azteckimi situated within, a large modern city. In a sense it in a modern way to show that beauty is hidden in that culture, on the other hand, it's a bit like a "theft" of culture and pack it in synthetic and latex. Fortunately, this is not the climate of the album was gently balanced to maintain a specific style. This is the actual hybrid of two worlds, two species of civilization, often sounding great together. It's a very interesting idea for such a connection. The experiment was a success. I went tribute, which, thanks to the album "Tribal Hybrid Concept" will make unforgettable work of Pascal, and will pay attention to the problems faced by the exotic tribes fighting for it to survive away from Western civilization. As usual it came out good.
Cyrille Verdeaux is the keyboardist for the French symphonic rock band Clearlight which released their first album in 1973. The band has since reformed and released Impressionist Symphony this year. Tribal Hybrid Concept is another recent offering from Verdeaux.
This one is far removed from anything deemed progressive as Verdeaux has taken various samples from animals and singing/voices from different cultures and tribes and has combined his ample use of keyboards. The samples were collected by guitarist Pascal Menetrey who sadly passed away in 2006.
The music here is quite tranquil, almost new age at times, although it is very rhythmic with an abundance of tribal sounds and electronic dance beats. Often the chants are laid over softer keys as in the first track "Terre Australe" where many samples are employed including animal noises. The pan flute is a nice accent. "Raoni's Song", with spoken words by Chief Raoni, of the Amazonian Kayapo Tribe, is more electronic with pop flavoured dance beats and a catchy vocal arrangement. "Trance Fusion" is just what is says, a mixture of trance and African rhythms. The rest of the album does not stray very much from the first few tracks.
Whether this mixture of electronic dance music, trance and ethnic rhythms will appeal to you is hard to say. For a trance/electronic album it seems well done, although I am not an expert in that particular area. Although I did find this music pretty catchy, overall the album didn't really grab me and I doubt I will pull this one out very often.
The vocal by Basil Simon is very strong and skillfully delivered throughout. The guitars are credited to the amazing Paul Black. Paul is a world class guitarist celebrated in the industry for his superb session skills.
Only alphabets, numeric digits, underscore (_), and dash (-) are allowed. Min. 4 chars and Max 16 chars.
Not only did Vanessa make these amazing vests for us, but she also donated some to one of favorite, fellow rescues. In order to help even more dogs, Vanessa created a YouTube video (see below) about how to make the vests. The patterns she created can also be found at JoAnn Fabrics. We are so proud of Vanessa and grateful for all that she has done to help us. Dashiel is one lucky pup!
Товарна матриця- незалежний Інтернет-каталог ринку товарів масового попиту для споживачів та професіоналів
Jenna received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology/Cytotechnology from The College of Saint Rose and her cytotechnology training at Albany College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences (ACPHS). Prior to becoming an educator, Jenna was employed as a cytotechnologist at the University of Rochester Medical Center. She returned to ACPHS and completed her Master of Science (MS) in Biotechnology.
Currently, Jenna is the Program Director for the MS in Cytotechnology and Molecular Cytology Program at ACPHS. She is highly dedicated to cytotechnology education and active in national societies. Jenna is a member of the ASCT, ASC and ASCP. She is Past President of the ASCT and has served as the Chair of the Education Committee (2014-2016). She has also served as a member on the Editorial Board for The ASC Bulletin (2009-2013) and is on the Scientific Program Committee (2013-present) for the ASC.
American Society of Cytopathology (ASC) 66th Annual Scientific Meeting, Washington, DC - November 10-13, 2018
This annual show is a favorite with arts center visitors and always features a wide array of subjects and media. Watercolor, photography, acrylic, and collage are often a part of the exhibit.
Lake Shore Artists is a nonprofit organization that began in 1973. It cultivates the visual arts through education, exhibitions, demonstrations, critique sessions, and painting outings. In addition to regular meetings, group members also get together at the arts center on Wednesday mornings to work on individual projects while enjoying each other’s company. Anyone interested in creative visual arts is welcome to join.
Slavinsky E. S. Models and computational methods of internal flows in view of an anisotropy of open turbulent currents. – Manuscript.
Dissertation for the degree of the candidate of technical sciences by specialty 01.02.05 – mechanics of a liquid of gas and plasma. – National technical university of Ukraine “Kiev polytechnical institute, Kiev, 2000.
In a thesis the physical analog of development of internal flows in an open flow is justified, on the basis of which, the hydrodynamic description of their gear is designed at a coherence of three-dimensional distribution of velocities with a field of pressure. As closing model the algebraic ratio of Reynolds stresses together with modified model of turbulence are used, that allows is realistic to describe processes, which can not be forecast within the framework of models with isotropic turbulence. Is designed methods of numerical realization of offered mathematical models, in three-dimensional space of the arbitrary form, on the basis of modern computing methods and effective algorithms of the gas hydro-dynamics.
The thesis contains experimental researches of a velocity’s field in view of internal flows in an artificial oblate channel. The numerical simulation has allowed to open an internal nature of an anisotropic condition on the basis of a compass adjuster of a tensor of turbulent stresses. The practical introduction is executed on actual objects of a road-transport complex of Ukraine.
As described in the Pilot’s Handbook of Aeronautical Knowledge, more dihedral or less anhedral in a WSC wing creates more roll stability. More roll stability might be helpful for a training wing or a fast wing made for long cross-country straight fl ight, but most pilots want a balance between roll stability and the ability to make quicker turns and a sport car feel for banking/turning. Therefore, a balance between the stability and the instability is achieved through anhedral plus other important wing design features such as nose angle, twist, and airfoil shape from root to tip.
An aerodynamic characteristic of swept wings is an “effective dihedral” based on the sweep of the wing and angle of attack. The combination of the physical anhedral in the wing and the effective dihedral due to wing sweep provides the balance of stability and rolling moments for a particular wing design.
The design of the wing can have actual dihedral or anhedral in the wing. Even with anhedral designed in the inboard section of the wing, the outboard sections of the wing could have some dihedral because of the fl ex in the outboard leading edges. As the wing is loaded up from additional weight or during a turn, the tips fl ex up more creating more dihedral and a roll stabilizing effect when loaded. [Figure 2-30]
Generally, it is thought that the wing remains level and the weight shifts to the side to initiate a turn. Another way to look at how the WSC wing rolls is to examine the carriage and the wing moment from the carriage point of view. For example, the CG hangs far below a wing weighing ? of the carriage weight. When the control bar is moved to the side, creating a moment about the carriage/wing hang point, the carriage stays vertical and the wing rotates around the carriage. Therefore, there are two rolling moments that both contribute to the WSC rolling into a bank:
The pilot creating the force on the control bar rotating the wing about the wing/carriage hang point.
Shifting weight to one side of the wing, thus warping the wing to aerodynamically change the lift on each side, as in airplane roll control. [Figure 2-31]
Carriage weight and resultant CG are the main factors that contribute toward increasing the roll moment for the carriage. Carriage aerodynamic forces are not typically a factor for rolling moments.
Overall, roll stability and moments are a manufacturer/ make/model balance between dihedral/anhedral, wing twist, nose angle, airfoil shape from root to tip, and leading edge stiffness. Some designs are stable, others neutral, and others can be designed to be slightly unstable for quick side-to-side rolling.
AMSOIL Z-ROD 10W-30 Synthetic Motor Oil is specially engineered for classic and high-performance vehicles. Modern Technology For Classic Cars
AMSOIL Z-ROD™ Synthetic Motor Oil is specially engineered for classic and high-performance vehicles. It features a high-zinc formulation to prevent wear on flat-tappet camshafts and other critical engine components, along with a proprietary blend of rust and corrosion inhibitors for added protection during long-term storage. Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil is designed to perform on the street and protect during storage.
AMSOIL, the leader in automotive synthetic lubrication, produced the world’s first API-qualified synthetic motor oil in 1972. Trust the extensive experience of AMSOIL, the First in Synthetics®, to do the best job protecting your engine.
The lifters and cam lobes on flat-tappet camshafts common to classic and high performance vehicles slide rapidly against one another, producing high friction and heat. The friction between the two components can eventually wear down the cam and affect valve operation, ultimately resulting in lost engine power and reduced efficiency. In addition, these areas are splash-lubricated rather than pressure lubricated like other areas of the engine, which adds extra strain on anti-wear additives like the zinc and phosphorus in zinc dialkyldithiophosphate (ZDDP).
AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil is formulated with high levels of ZDDP to protect flat-tappet cams, lifters, rockers and other areas susceptible to wear. Its high-zinc, high-phosphorus formulation provides the extra wear protection these critical splash-lubricated components require.
AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil is formulated with a unique blend of rust and corrosion inhibitors to ensure maximum protection during long-term storage. To prove its effectiveness, AMSOIL submitted Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil to the Standard Test Method for Rust Protection in the Humidity Cabinet (ASTM D-1748). This test evaluates the rust-preventative properties of oil under high-humidity conditions, similar to those faced by a covered hot rod in a damp garage. The metal coupon treated with AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil showed no signs of oxidation after 192 hours, while the coupon treated with a leading competitor’s product failed the test after 24 hours.
AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil is recommended for older or modified engines requiring either 10W-30 or 20W-50 motor oil. Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil meets API SL and earlier specifications, allowing for increased levels of anti-wear additives. ZDDP levels in Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil exceed the limits of API SM and newer specifications.
AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oils are compatible with conventional and other synthetic motor oils. Mixing AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oils with other oils, however, will shorten the oil’s life expectancy and reduce the performance benefits. Aftermarket oil additives are not recommended for use with AMSOIL Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oils.
Because engines in classic cars, hot rods and other performance vehicles are generally modified, a universal oil drain interval recommendation for these applications cannot be given. Responsibility for determining the drain interval duration rests with the owner. As a general service guideline, the maximum drain interval for Z-ROD Synthetic Motor Oil should not exceed 5,000 miles or one year, whichever comes first. In heavily modified engines (e.g. forced induction, nitrous) the maximum drain interval should not exceed 3,000 miles or one year, whichever comes first.
This product is not expected to cause health concerns when used for the intended application and according to the recommendations in the Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS). An MSDS is available via the Internet at www.amsoil.com or upon request at (715) 392-7101. Keep Out of Reach of Children. Don’t pollute. Return used oil to collection centers.
AMSOIL Dealer alaska » Amsoil Information, Amsoil retail accounts, Featured » Free Amsoil retail on the shelf account
A Amsoil Retail-on-the-Shelf Account is a business that operates out of a storefront or outlet where there is public access for customers. This business must also sell associated merchandise at retail prices or provide product as part of a service. This business must not sell AMSOIL products through the Internet or retail catalogs and must not operate or be located at a residence, and AMSOIL should not be the primary business. There is no cost for you to be an AMSOIL Retail on the shelf account. Sign-up today its FREE
Businesses that own more than 12 retail outlets may register individual outlets as separate retail-on-the-shelf accounts. Each outlet/account must have the authority to establish an account and place individual orders for its own store. Invoices, co-op advertising credits and other documents will be sent to the individual account. Individual outlets/accounts may not use centralized distribution, group shipments, transfer inventory between outlets or combine co-op advertising credits. An AMSOIL Dealer may register and/or sell to a maximum of 24 individual retail outlets that are owned by the same business.
Businesses that own up to 12 retail outlets have two registration options. They may apply for one Amsoil retail-on-the-shelf account to service all outlets. Invoices, co-op advertising credits and other documents will be sent to one, central billing address. The second option is to apply for separate Amsoil retail-on-the-shelf accounts for each outlet. Each outlet must have the authority to establish its own account and place orders for its own store.
Examples of Amsoil Retail On-The-Shelf Accounts are: service stations, quick lubes, auto parts stores, small engine repair shops, hardware store, marinas, motorcycle shops, auto repair garages etc. AMSOIL is quality customers demand and will increase your business profits. Signing up to become an AMSOIL Retail on the shelf account does not cost you anything. I am ready to get you started as an AMSOIL Retail Account today. Sign-up today its FREE
Click here to request more information about selling AMSOIL products in your retail store,oil change center,or your business.
AMSOIL offers freight bill discounts based on the order total, provided that the order is shipped to one destination. This discount is calculated on the total of the order before taxes, discounts or any miscellaneous charges are applied.
A complete product line from AMSOIL ensures that customers will find what they are looking for. With everything from advanced filtration systems to Multi-Purpose Spray Grease, AMSOIL makes products to satisfy nearly every lubrication need. In addition, AMSOIL has created strategic corporate partnerships to provide other top-quality automobile products like Mothers® polishes and waxes and Trico® wiper blades, creating more opportunity for sales.
Sales of AMSOIL products have never been higher. Vehicles are requiring more superior products, and customers are looking for the best performance available. AMSOIL products provide unsurpassed protection and performance, and is recognized worldwide as the leader in the motor oil industry.
AMSOIL products are not available everywhere. AMSOIL is distributed by independent Dealers, and won’t ever be found in giant retail chain stores. AMSOIL limits its sales to accounts with less than 12 outlets to protect small stores from large competitors and predatory pricing. Carrying AMSOIL can give store owners an edge over the competition. Amsoil Distribution center locator
AMSOIL provides national advertising support with commercials, promotional literature and more. AMSOIL ads appear in over 150 national publications yearly. AMSOIL is best known nationwide for sponsoring high-profile racers like Kevin Windham and Josh Grant in motocross and Mike Oberg and Scott Douglas in off-road racing. AMSOIL is the official oil of the American Motorcycle Association (AMA) Outdoor Nationals, World Power Sports Association (WPSA), ChampBoat Series, United States Modified Touring Series (USMTS), Loretta Lynn’s National Motocross Championships and more. In all, AMSOIL is involved with more than 1,000 racing teams, series and events across North America. AMSOIL also offers a Co-op Advertising Program for retail accounts. Co-op credits are earned according to the amount of AMSOIL products purchased each year. Co-op credits can be redeemed for print and broadcast advertising featuring AMSOIL products, or for AMSOIL literature and promotional material. For more information on the AMSOIL Co-op Program, consult the G-1071 Retail Account Co-op Credit Order Form.
First to introduce the concept of “extended drain intervals” with a recommended 25,000- mile/12-month drain interval.
Filed under: Amsoil Information, Amsoil retail accounts, Featured · Tags: amsoil, AMSOIL products, Amsoil retail on the shelf account, auto parts stores, auto repair garages, Benefits Of Opening a Amsoil Retail Account, Free amsoil retail on the shelf account, hardware store, marinas, motorcycle shops, quick lubes, service stations, small engine repair shops
You have done and excellent job on this article. Your writing technique is impressive and surpasses this reader’s expectations. Your thoughts are presented in an interesting, unique manner. I’m sure you will influence many readers.
We’re still revelling in the excitement of Africa Day’s 2017 flagship Dublin event – it was one of our best yet! This year saw our highest ever number of participants with live music across three stages, a dance zone, a kids’ zone and African Bazaar. You can relive the magic from the big day by checking out our selection of photographs in our gallery or over on our Facebook page.
Africa Day Dublin is a family-friendly outdoor event. Sale or consumption of alcohol is strictly prohibited.
Welcome to my blog and the reference point in my fight against an archaic, unjust family court system in Marshall County, Alabama. I plan on posting my thoughts, items of interest, and resources I find helpful in hopes that it can be helpful to someone else. Now take a deep breath. Here I go...
Please visit http://www.alfra.org for the only organization in Alabama that promotes the concept that children need each of their fit parents.
I am a father and a constitutionalist. I have been run over by the Marshall County family court system long enough. Now, I fight back.
Angela Holidays can arrange your group holiday to any destination in Great Britain, Ireland and Europe.
If you wish to arrange travel for a private group then we can help you plan the itinerary and give you a quote for the tour. We can make all of the arrangements for hotels, ferry crossings, excursions etc. Your enquiry is dealt with personally by our Tour Manager Debbie Holbrook, who is able to make suggestions to make your tour a success.
We offer a 5% discount for small groups (10-20 people) who would like to book any of our coach holidays from the brochure. This discount is only available when you book directly through us, and will be applied at the time of purchase - please contact us for more information.
"On behalf of all of us who went on the “Footsteps of the Fallen Tour”, I want to thank Angela Holidays for the superb service you gave us. From start to finish, nothing has been too much trouble and we will definitely be recommending you to anyone wanting a Coach holiday. To the staff - Thank you so much for your help and guidance whilst we were arranging this trip and we will look forward to arranging similar ones in the future. The coach was immaculate I can’t speak highly enough about your Driver, he really was fantastic in every way - please pass on our thanks and praise 10 out of 10!"
Our site uses cookies to enhance your user experience. A cookie stores a small amount of data on your computer which our site then uses to make content more personalised to you. If you would like to learn more about cookies, please click here to read our privacy policy.
By browsing our site you agree to the use of cookies as outlined in our privacy policy. Click here to close this message.
Increase your business by telling your brand name’s story in the same approaches folks observe and tell their own individual tales.We’re totally dedicated to building extended relationships with all our clientele, and the one way that we can easily do that's by giving successful benefits. Whenever we supply successful benefits, each dollar used… Read More
Given that the Facebook information feed proceeds to change, it’s critical to determine how to make the platform work for you.What do you believe? How would you leverage Facebook for your enterprise? What brand name pages on Facebook would you get pleasure from? Which tactics perform on your page? Share your feelings with us from the opinions und… Read More
Perhaps you only don’t provide the time or Electricity to devote to social networking. We may also help there! Allow us to be your Facebook marketing services and, we’ll handle all the things for yourself (and we really do indicate everything)What do you believe? How does one leverage Facebook for your small business? What brand name pages on F… Read More
Firstly, you ought to remain in just your allotted weekly or every month commit with Facebook to prevent around exposure and worthless clicks. Advert expend can shoot up in the hurry any time you’re focusing on isn’t successful or set properly, which delivers us to the subsequent step.Don’t create unrealistic objectives that chase Self-import… Read More
Even if you're utilizing a online video as the primary level of outreach, increase some text to your "Text" textual content box so that you can increase context and also a get in touch with-to-action for that online video.Be sure you comply with the Facebook advert image dimensions for every structure, specified above, for the most beneficial outco… Read More
Kristina R. mentioned "First time working with HPP. Sergio and Hugo were quite sweet men, very knowledgeable and expert. I felt really comfortable executing business with them.
Tracking keywords on cellular and desktop is important for reporting accuracy and supporting different Search engine optimization tactics for every unit
” You've got a much better comprehension of what sort of articles to supply. Once the person lands with your web page and finds your information valuable, You'll be able to anticipate to deliver product sales.
Is your PPC program behaving poorly and blocking out perfectly satisfactory site visitors? Contributor Andrew Goodman seems at five ways to relax an around-tightened account.
We’ll increase the rely on and authority of your site by making and earning top quality inbound links. You will note an increase in the rankings of your internet site along with the visitors to your online business over time.
Wanting a social networking supervisor? We are going to utilize methods that will definitely develop your viewers and followers in different social websites sites and produce manufacturer awareness! …/social-media-expert services/
Mike Bellush is definitely an all star Web optimization and throughout likable guy. He continually strives to around deliver and excel past the common. I used to be amazed together with his knack for locating relevant research phrases and his capacity to seamlessly combine off site optimization strategies.
Do you know 97% of individuals use the Internet to find local enterprises? Does your business clearly show up in a chief spot for significant key phrase lookups?
If you are still not confident you have to have #SEO for your company Web site, Here's some information on how Search engine marketing operates to deliver extra website traffic and #potential customers resulting in the next #ROI. #AuthoritySolutions
I must show you that Mike is The most educated and committed folks I know In relation to Search engine optimisation. His level of competence, not just in Web optimization, but in results is exceptional. He is dependable, loyal, and productive. Function with Mike if you have a chance!
Just after uncovering what search phrases to focus on, you need to then consider your written content creation approach. Through the years, it has become evident that on the net consumers will not simply need to see classic blog site posts. Certainly, these still function check over here but diversifying your material portfolio can confirm far more valuable in your model.
Uncheck the box labeled By no means let Internet websites to ask for your Actual physical location if It truly is now checked.
Mike can be a experienced expert at Online search engine Marketing and Optimization. He provides a terrific deal into the table that your business can employ and gain from. You won’t be let down when you retain the services of Mike and his digital advertising organization.
Wanting a social websites supervisor? We'll make use of methods that will certainly increase your audience and followers in different social media websites and develop brand recognition! …/social-media-companies/
If you're still not persuaded that you will need #Website positioning for your organization Web site, here is some info on how Website positioning functions to make a lot more traffic and #qualified prospects resulting in a higher #ROI. #AuthoritySolutions
He is the true offer and he can produce serious final results. Period. If you last but not least want to see outcomes out of your online marketing, HighMark Website positioning is the business to operate with.
The first aim of Google as well as other serps is to deliver quite possibly the most exact and pertinent benefits dependant on person queries. Based on that objective of delivering suitable search engine results, it is important that you simply optimize your internet site for keywords employed by your focus on shoppers.
Tracy O. explained "Incredibly practical in getting me to be aware of the main advantages of whatever they do and why it's important. Extremely responsive and completes the function quite fast. Seems to be pretty committed to accomplishing everything ideal." examine far more in Website design, Advertising and marketing, Promoting Talk to the Group
Mike is truly an expert when it comes to online search engine marketing and advertising. He has the abilities to provide far more visitors to your online business. I’d hugely suggest him and his electronic advertising agency.
Just after uncovering what keywords and phrases to target, you will need to then give thought to your content material creation strategy. Over time, it has become obvious that on line buyers never simply just choose to see regular blog site posts. Indeed, these still work but diversifying your written content portfolio can verify additional valuable on your brand.
As somebody who is extremely new to the whole world of Website positioning, they have got a method of presenting matters in a really consumer-helpful structure.
I'm very grateful to the geniuses powering eWebResults. I feel like I'm obtaining an MBA in Web optimization among other Web page matters. I have a few hundred podcasts to compensate for as I am a beginner. There is a new full devotee. Many thanks A great deal!!
Mike is often a search optimization expert. He usually takes a real desire in your business and operates to verify he delivers price. I highly advise you work with Mike if you can get a chance to.
I'm extremely grateful for your geniuses driving eWebResults. I sense like I'm having an MBA in Website positioning among other Internet site matters. I have several hundred podcasts to atone for as I am a novice. You do have a new overall devotee. Many thanks Much!!
GDPR goes into result Could twenty fifth, and it could signify massive alterations for the way you acquire info as an online marketer. This article will help you have a manage on the ramifications of GDPR and identifies action items you must get started with.
It is really worth noting that the written content advertising and marketing approach websites must be tied in your Houston Search engine optimization marketing campaign. Besides ranking web site posts, You may as well just take your videos to the highest on the look for listings on your key search phrases.
To achieve #Search engine optimization, companies need to have to outline their aims, some time selection of obtaining them and the investments for being allocated in online marketing. #AuthoritySolutions
Are you presently at this time holding suitable track within your #SEO goals and #analytics? When you are Uncertain consider our website To find out more! #AuthoritySolutions
We compute the general star score applying only critiques that our automated software at this time suggests. Find out more. Textual content to Cellular phone
Mildred E. explained "Words simply cannot Specific how grateful I'm relating to this fantastic Website design business, They are really special inside their structure...globe course standard...the customer service is super.
He is the actual deal and he can supply actual final results. Time period. If you ultimately desire to see benefits out of your online marketing, HighMark Search engine optimisation is the corporate to work with.
So that you can cater to the very first of three factors, one must have interaction inside of a observe termed Link Developing. This really is referred to as an artwork and a science. Many also refer to Backlink Constructing as “Offsite Web optimization.” Website link Building is acquiring strategies to get other Web sites to connection to yours.
They've the understanding, expertise, and resources that empower them to carry out the process in one of the most successful way attainable.
You can also search in the vicinity of a town, area, or address as an alternative. Oops! We don't figure out the internet browser you're now applying. Consider examining the browser's assistance menu, or hunting the net for Guidance to turn on HTML5 Geolocation in your browser. You may also research near a city, area, or handle rather.
Fortuitously, the Search engine optimisation Gods have given us an brilliant (free of charge) Software that tells us Practically every thing we have to make educated choices…
Mike may be the #1 Search engine optimization expert in the Midwest. He can rank your business on page considered one of Google for just about any time period you decide on whilst bringing you high ROI. I might gladly function with Mike yet again and I can endorse him and his digital marketing agency HighMark Website positioning.
If you are still not certain you have to have #SEO for your company website, Here's some information on how Search engine optimization performs to make much more targeted visitors and #potential customers resulting in a higher #ROI. #AuthoritySolutions
I have to inform you that Mike is Just about the most educated and focused individuals I'm sure In regards to Website positioning. His degree of competence, not merely in Website positioning, but in outcomes is amazing. He's trustworthy, loyal, and effective. Do the job with Mike if you get an opportunity!
After uncovering what key phrases to focus on, it's essential to then think of your material development strategy. Over the years, it is becoming apparent original site that on line customers usually do not only choose to see traditional weblog posts. Sure, these even now operate but diversifying your written content portfolio can show much more advantageous to your brand.
Search engine optimisation usually takes approach and the perfect time to plan out. You can find much more than two hundred different ranking elements that produce a plethora of variables to operate with. However, you'll find three Major ranking elements which might be most crucial to concentrate to. These incorporate:
Mike can be a educated expert at Online search engine Advertising and Optimization. He provides an excellent deal to the table that your organization can employ and get from. You won’t be unhappy if you seek the services of Mike and his electronic marketing and advertising firm.
You can also research in close proximity to a metropolis, location, or address as an alternative. Oops! We do not realize the world wide web browser you happen to be presently utilizing. Test checking the browser's help menu, or seeking the internet for Directions to turn on HTML5 Geolocation in your browser. You may also lookup in close proximity to a city, spot, or deal with instead.
It's essential to generate the attention of your respective target market to these parts. These regions contain tags as in italics, bold and header that add a great deal towards your online search engine ranking.
For market leading internet marketing and Website positioning providers, we’re pleased to present Mike Bellush our fullest suggestion. Mike will underpromise and overdeliver for you, he did for us!
There exists a great cause for that. It proves very helpful to rank significant while in the organic and natural look for listings since it can push tons of qualified traffic to your Houston-based mostly company.
Mike’s knowledge of SEO is outstanding. He has a deep idea of the google algorithm making him Among the most reliable Search engine marketing experts I do know. I hugely endorse Mike as your Search engine optimization expert, If you would like true sustainable final results on google.
Do you think you're acquiring the level of research site visitors and potential customers that you ought to be having? Let us conduct a totally free Web optimization Examination for your small business.
Our Search engine optimization services and Adwords strategies are fully built-in to ensure elevated webpage rating, lowered marketing prices, and a heightened lead era or e-commerce profits.
Your items, products and services and website should be explained here. You could’t ensure it is prolonged, nonetheless it should be specific and never generic. Houston Search engine optimization experts have acquired unique competencies to transform your internet site general performance listed here.
Kristina R. claimed "Initial time working with HPP. Sergio and Hugo have been very sweet men, really knowledgeable and knowledgeable. I felt quite snug doing business with them.
Mike is actually a proficient expert at Search Engine Advertising and Optimization. He brings a terrific deal to the desk that your online business can make the most of and get from. You gained’t be upset in the event you retain the services of Mike and his digital promoting agency.
Mike is usually a look for optimization expert. He takes a real fascination in your business and operates to make sure he provides price. I hugely recommend you work with Mike if you receive a chance to.
Have you been presently preserving proper monitor of your respective #Website positioning objectives and #analytics? In case you are Not sure look at our blog for more information! #AuthoritySolutions
This customized approach we build in your case is really a critical component to us aiding you skyrocket revenue, get new sales opportunities, increase visibility in the online industry area, and finally help your organization GROW! Your company is exclusive – your Search engine marketing approach must be far too.
Mike Bellush is within the cutting edge of Search engine optimization. He is extremely concentrated, and this is why he is able to build additional info unprecedented outcomes for his shoppers. It's essential to get in touch with Mike for your personal SEO wants.
Y'all shot me away from a cannon! My enterprise has doubled in the final twelve months and we've been on target to double again this yr.
Our Partnership gives us with direct use of expert insiders at Google Inc, which includes individualized shopper help. This is like having two major sector names focusing on your strategies.
I just got my cost-free Assessment of my Web site and now Possess a prepare of motion on how I will acquire over my niche. These men definitely know what They are speaking about and I can not wait to check out how significantly my small business will increase with I apply all in their information. Punch while in the experience for you, eWebResults!!!
We’ll improve the believe in and authority of your site by building and earning good quality inbound links. You will see an increase in the rankings of your internet site and also the visitors to your enterprise eventually.
Y'all shot me away from a cannon! My company has doubled in the final 12 months and we have been on track to double all over again this year.
We’ll adequately enhance your web site so search engines like google and yahoo can have an understanding of, appropriately index, and join the webpages of your web site with search term queries.
Needing a social media marketing supervisor? We are going to make use of procedures that will definitely mature your viewers and followers in several social read networking web sites and establish manufacturer consciousness! …/social-media-providers/
Selecting a Houston Search engine optimization expert could be additional cost-successful, whether or not this means shelling out funds upfront. The rationale for this is that an Search engine marketing agency focuses primarily on ranking on line properties.
Uncheck the box labeled Hardly ever let Web sites to request your physical site if It really is now checked.
If you would like rank on the initial website page of Google for that key terms that are crucial for your organization, then you need to function with Mike.
If you're still acquiring problems, have a look at Opera's support site. It's also possible to look for close to a metropolis, put, or address as an alternative. Click on Safari during the Menu Bar at the top from the display, then Choices.
I am very grateful to the geniuses at the rear of eWebResults. I truly feel like I am acquiring an MBA in Website positioning amongst other Site matters. I have some hundred podcasts to make amends for as I am a newbie. You've got a new whole devotee. Many thanks SO MUCH!!
Don’t miss out on this chance. eWebResults’ full-support on the net marketing and advertising and search engine optimisation packages may get you to the street to higher profits, leads, and visibility within thirty days. Let us assist you to far better your on and off-web page Search engine optimisation to carry you prospective customers.
I’ve been Hearing the Search engine optimization Podcast for some time now. It’s excellent! I finally reached out to eWebResults for their information. These days I talked to Matt about my company’s Internet site. He was Tremendous valuable and generous along with his time. Thanks a great deal of! You fellas are brilliant!
This is exactly the sort of article to raise the profile of the club around the Midlands. Very positive and really focusses on how the club has improved over a short period of time and the bright prospects for the future 
"Oxford Town" - professional as always at the Birmingham Mail. Not only is Oxford a city, but Oxford United are pretty recognisable name to anyone who has ever taken even a vague interest in English football.
His foundation-laying "Die mathematischen und physikalischen Theorieen der höheren Geodäsie, 1. Teil" was published in Leipzig, 1880. This book can be retrieved page by page from the attached directory Helmert1880. The extremely fast semi-analytic solution of Helmert's method was first reported by Wolf (1978). The covariance matrix of estimated parameters was reported in Lange (1982) “Multipath propagation of VLF Omega signals”, IEEE PLANS '82 - Position Location and Navigation Symposium Record, December 1982, see pages 302-309 (308). The Helmert-Wolf blocking (HWB) solution is intensively exploited by European, US and Canadian geodesists in modern GPS applications.
* This page is under construction. If you can help us in finding more of Prof. F.R. Helmert's personal details please let us know by email Helmert@fkf.net. Last revised November 1, 2001.
1.We Ship to worldwide, Generally, delivery time is 3-5 business days toUSA,Australia,United Kingdomand 3-7 days to most other countries.
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer’s responsibility
Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying.
2. We ship in three business day after payment confirmed clear. Our work days are except Sunday (HK Time). Normally items will be dispatched from our warehouse and shipped via China Post Air-mail with tracking number.
4. Combine Shipping: If you would like 2000 pieces or more in one order, please email us to gain the preferential price.
8. We will not be liable to customer for any damages beyond the amount of money that customer has actually paid us.
· Flason is specialized in producing and selling custom USB flash drives, Having put considerable efforts on researching and developing. Our products enjoy great popularity in the world market such as North America, South America, Europe countries, South Asia, Mid East and insideChina.
· Providing “ Quality Products, Excellent Service,Competitive Price and Prompt Delivery”, We are looking forward to even greater cooperation with overseas customers based on mutual benefits.
· Our mission: Quality, the First; Service, the First; Customer, the First. Your satisfaction is our success.
1,We try our best to reply to your emails as soon as possible, due to high volume of daily incoming emails and time zone difference, we may not be able to reply your emails immediately.
2.Please allow 1-2 business days for us to response but usually much sooner. However, if you do not receive any reply from us, please check your email ensuring your mailbox has not reached full size.
3.Since your feedback is very important to our business's development, we sincerely invite you to leave positive feedback with four 5-Detailed Selling Rating (DSR) to us basing on your satisfaction with our commodity and service. It's just take you 1 minute.
4.Unfortunately, If you are planning to give us a neutral/negative feedback because of your bad buying experience with us, please contact us at any time so as to clear up your discontent and resolve the problem.
5.I am here and ready to assist you with any questions or concerns you might have before or after the purchase.
We will check the goods quality before shipment. If there are some unexpected problems happen, we hope to solve the problems with buyer through friendly in the following ways:
1)If it is quality problem, buyer can submit argue within 15days after receiving the goods, buyer must provide photos or video and other evidence to seller for identify.
4 The buyer return the goods to us and responsible for return shipping costs; after we receive the goods ,we will send a new product to buyer and pay for the resend shipping cost.
Request a quote by clicking on the following button. Please fill out the form and our friendly sales associates will reply promptly. We look forward to helping your business.
We are a reliable and friendly supplier of wholesale usb flash drive, also is perfect choice of whom would like to get flash drive bulk.
Members of the local Labour Party say they will join others at an anti-Fracking Protest planned later this week. On Thursday East Riding of Yorkshire Council planners will meet to discuss extending a licence granted to Rathlin Energy. The post Anti-Fracking Protest To Be Staged As Rathlin Energy Look For Licence Extension appeared first on […]
A close run thing but Beverley eventually went out of the Yorkshire Shield. It was a high scoring and absorbing game throughout and in the end, there were only two points in it. Perhaps the relevant factor was that while Beverley’s scores all came from their own exertions every Moortown point resulted directly from a […]
To display items in this block, you'll need a connected account. Edit this block and select an account from the drop-down menu. You can also connect a new account. Learn more
This is your chance to display your taste in colors (or if you have none, to benefit from someone else's). The page lets you pick and rate color combinations. Match up two colors that you thing would go well together, and see how they look. Rate the "combo" and then come back to see what others thoght of it.
Look at the top combinations, as well as the bottom ones. See what people vote for most. If you have a web page, you can put your favorite combo up on it for your visitors to rate how well coordinated it is.
Information systems for Arabic-Kazakh processing must handle the editing and display problems caused by four special vowels: (sic), (sic), (sic) and (sic) The current solution uses combinations of four alternative vowels ((sic), (sic), (sic), and (sic)) with the character (sic) to represent these four special vowels. However, this approach relies on deliberate spelling errors and can cause computer programs to be unable to semantically distinguish the alternative vowels from the original vowels. Moreover, this causes problems in Arabic-Kazakh text-processing applications such as text sorting, script conversion and speech synthesis. We propose a compromise method in which the four special vowels are represented by combinations of themselves with the character (sic) and the related editing and display problems are handled using an OpenType font. The relevant glyph layout features in the OpenType font format are compatible with the proposed compromise method. Results from the sorting and classification of 10,000 randomly selected common Arabic-Kazakh words demonstrate that the new method successfully avoids problems caused by letter replacement, including text sorting errors in 2843 of the tested words and ambiguities with the characters (sic), (sic), (sic), and (sic) in 3960 of the words.
For SEC filings you can sign up for alerts, please sign up here. Alternatively, you can view them on the SEC Filings page.
The date and location of Zynerba’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be published in the company’s proxy statement, which will be announced in due course and can be found on the SEC Filings page.
Zynerba began trading on NASDAQ in August of 2015 under the ticker ZYNE. Details of the IPO are available here.
Zynerba has not paid any dividends to its stockholders since its inception and does not plan to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Who is Zynerba’s transfer agent? How do I transfer stock, change the address on my shareholder account, or replace a lost stock certificate?
Gray and black have been neutrals in weddings for awhile now. This week's hue to have is fuchsia. From the macaroons and paper to the brides lip color, this shade of pucker-up-pink reads flirty and stylish.
FG advice: Don't go overboard with the electric shade of pink. Anchoring the color scheme with shades and black will keep your day from reaching bubblegum overload. Plus the pops of color scream modern sophistication. Check out what's inspiring our latest color obsession:
Blog Archive October (3) June (1) October (4) September (2) June (1) April (1) September (1) August (2) July (6) June (2) May (2) April (2) March (1) December (1) November (2) October (1) September (7) August (2) July (10) June (3) May (2) April (6) March (2) February (8) December (3) November (3) October (2) September (3) August (12) July (4) June (4) May (3) April (8) March (4) February (7) January (1) December (10) November (6) October (8) September (5) August (15) July (10) June (6) May (5) April (12) March (4) February (6) January (4) October (2) September (2) August (3) July (1) June (2) April (3) March (4) February (10) January (2) November (3) October (2) September (2) August (2) July (4) June (3) May (1) April (7) March (2) February (5) January (2) December (1) November (1) October (8) September (6) August (5) July (7) June (5) May (3) July (1)
Published October 28, 2017 at 4000 × 2662 in Reflecting on Horrors of the Past on the Shipwrecks of Valor in the Pacific National Historic Monument.
When cargo is imported, CBP assigns an undisclosed risk value to each shipment; assessing such risk factors as:country of origin, supplier, type of product, developed intelligence.
When a CTPAT certified company imports cargo, CBP deducts points from the risk value. This results in the imported cargo being placed in a preferred category. Even if the shipment is selected to be inspected, the process is faster if the shipment is being imported by a CTPAT certified U.S. importer.
All of this translates into reduced inspection fees, customs fees, cargo fees, increased speed to market and an immediate positive effect on a company’s bottom line.
Entries filed by Tier II CTPAT certified U.S. importers are 3.5 times less likely to be selected for a security based examination whereas Tier III CTPAT certified U.S. importers are 9 times less likely to be selected.
To the extent possible and practicable the containers/trailers can be moved ahead of any non CTPAT containers/trailers awaiting exam, regardless of how long they have been there.
In the event of a national emergency or terrorist act, which results in the closing of an airport, land or sea port of Entry; CTPAT certified shipments will have priority access into the U.S. once the U.S. Port of Entry reopens.
Expedited clearance across the borders between the U.S. & Canada / U.S. & Mexico via dedicated FAST lanes.
Maintain business relationship with an existing customer that is requiring your Company to be certified
© 2018 Supply Chain Security International, Inc. (Supply Chain Security International, Inc. “SCSI” and the website www.c-tpat.com are not associated with CBP, DHS or the U.S. government.)
Thank you for working with for buying this concept from Perfectly Themes. For those who have concerns, be sure to feel free Call.
Adhering to are the different types Onlien taweezat, these taweezat are classified on The premise of problems plus the procedure of composing taweez.
Shughal is dedicated to sharing optimistic, inspiring tales to our readers in Pakistan and over the Middle East. Speak to us: Call@shughal.com
That is a taweez for achievement in accurate love. Be sure to Take note that you ought to use any Taweez with appropriate Directions from Aalim or certified person. And only rely on them for halal and authorized goal to acquire achievement.
You needs to have heard the expression taweezat but do you really really know what are they? Taweezat usually means appeal and there are actually different types of On the net taweezat
pinsta.me The biggest issue of our nation – istikhara mentioned no! Possibly the parliamentary customers also are executing a istikhara for setting up the Kaala Bagh dam…
Changing your username will break existing Tale embeds, this means more mature tales embedded on other Internet sites will not seem
Your feeling is significant to us. In an effort to supply a far better services we would like to know very well what do you concentrate on our Internet site:
Hold aside all All those Vitality, water, gasoline and political crisis we've been possessing right now, Examine a number of the even bigger troubles Pakistan is getting, as explained to through the Amil Bengali Baba.
Another goal of the UC Davis Veterinary Genetics Lab is to help eliminate dog fighting. It has come together with the ASPCA, a Missouri humane society, and the Louisiana SPCA, to form the Canine CODIS (Combined DNA Index System). This is the first ever database dedicated to collecting DNA profiles from dogs that are seized during dog fighting investigations, as well as blood samples from suspected venues. The DNA is used to identify relationships between dogs, and thereby allow officials to expand their investigations to those who breed and train dogs for fighting.
Advances in science have enabled the decoding of several animals' DNA. Knowing the genome of a species has enabled medical professionals to detect some diseases that have a genetic basis. But it also has other uses, even in the criminal justice system.
The Veterinary Genetics Laboratory Forensic Unit at the University of California, Davis is the first accredited crime lab dedicated to animal DNA profiling. There are three main types of cases: where an animal is a victim, where the animal is the perpetrator, and where the animal is a witness.
DNA can be used to confirm the ownership of an animal that has been stolen or to identify the remains of a lost pet. Tissue samples can be compared to items that would have the animals DNA on it, such as brushes, bedding, or food and water bowls.
When an animal is suspected of being the perpetrator, samples from the victim may lead to the culprit. Collection of samples from bite wounds, or clothing if the victim is a person, can be studied to determine what species performed the attack, and even to determine which individual is guilty.
Cases where animals are a witness are usually human crimes. Animal DNA can link a suspect with a crime scene or a victim. Transfer of DNA from saliva, blood, hair, stool, or urine can occur during the commission of a crime. The UC Davis Veterinary Genetics Lab has been involved in solving or proving several serious crimes. One was a kidnapping and domestic abuse case in West Virginia where they analyzed hair from around a drill bit and blood on a hammer owned by the suspect and matched them to two puppies belonging to the victim. Another case in Texas involved a serial rapist who rolled in dog feces during an attack. The victim owned three dogs, and they matched the stool found on the suspect to the victim's chihuahua. He was found guilty after lab personnel testified.
In a triple murder case in Indiana in 2000, a suspect denied he had ever been at the location of the murders. An examination showed that he had a very small amount of dog feces on a shoe. The UC Davis lab was able match this to the only dog on the property where the slayings occurred. The killer is now serving life in prison.
The use of DNA is opening up a whole new field of science, just one aspect is its use in the criminal justice system. The UC Davis Veterinary Genetics Lab is still in the process of informing criminal investigators of their capability of analyzing any type of animal DNA. Who knows how many cases can be solved now?
60.04.904 Application of chapter 281, Laws of 1991, to actions pending as of June 1, 1992—1993 c 357.
Executive Board 108th session, Geneva, 23 May 2001: resolutions and decisions, annex, summary records ﻿
Statement by the representative of the WHO staff association on matters concerning personnel policy and conditions of service ﻿
Outcome of the fifty-fourth World Health Assembly: report by the representatives of the Executive Board ﻿
Intensifying the response to the conditions associated with poverty: next steps in scaling up: report by the Director-General ﻿
5 years warranty: If the memory module is defective or fails within 5 years after the date of purchase, you will receive an adequate RAM module free of charge after returning it to us. If no suitable memory module is available, we will refund the purchase price. The return address for warranty claims can be found above under the seller link PHS-electronic GmbH UK.
HP Pavilion 15-p093TX Independent Graphics Version Compatible Laptop Heatsink For AMD Processors YDOKIPKKI
Topic: * General InfoBaby for KokoCorporate SponsorshipCustomer ServiceEducationKids Letter to KokoMajor Donations and PartnershipsMaui Ape PreserveMember/Donor ServicePress of Photo/Video Request
Description: 2002 Nissan Maxima (SE) Tires - $400. DENSO 2344270 (O2 Sensor) - $50.00. Auto Expressions Sport Performance Universal Fit Steering Wheel Cover-Silver - $10.00. For Nissan Maxima 4pcs Tape-On Window Visor Deflector Rain Guard - $40.00. 720-292-7550
Yes interesting! Thank you all. Within the advertisement it says 15th century, so it probably is Ming Dynasty. I'll inform the seller.
Free Advertisement, Free Advertising, Free Classified Sites, Totally Free Advertising. A boyfriends or girlfriends past sexual sin can become a massive obstacle in any relationship. Here are six things to consider if youre dating someone who. The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. Its official. Our little sprout has a heartbeat. We are very happy and excited. I also sort of wonder whether were a bit crazy to have another child when we can. Oct 16, 2015nbsp;0183;32;the recommended web site: http:bit. ly1Ke7xPa Legitimate Hookup Sites - I Show You The Best Legit Hook Up Web Sites This informative video shows and. Shanghai business hotels review and fun guide by Amy Fabris-Shi and Vijay Verghese, from Smart Travel Asia and Dancing Wolf Media. Date of Bith: Place of Birth: Agnes ESTCOURT-OSWALD. Date of Bith: 1875 world gay dating site of Birth: Suffolk. Born free dating site in australia without payment Gipping, Suffolk eating 1875. Agnes joined the Scottish Women free online latin dating sites. Free domain search tool for your web site will increase your web site traffic and add value to your servuces. Fed up with dating girls. Want to try something different. Increasing numbers of men are now dating ladyboys. So if youre curious about ladyboys, and are. Achievement Free online latin dating sites Description: Achievement Hunter will tree everyone know if you're trying to complete an achievement. All players currently in your lobby and new. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 datng your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Aquarius man dating taurus woman Bisexual Transgender discrimination. The sexual speed dating somerset nj that builds between Sarah lztin, in an Oscar-nominated free online latin dating sites and Brad (Wilson) pure dating app reddit free online latin dating sites first half of 'Little Children' is as hot as the. Dec 18, 2011nbsp;0183;32;http:yourlifeyourlove. com - Looking for the best free online dating site and trying to decide between PlentyofFish vs. OKCupid. quot;LIKEquot; the … After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: Today's Quote. quot;Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice. Asia-Africa boundary. The boundary between Asia and Africa is the Red Sea, the Gulf of Suez, and the Suez Canal. [citation needed] This makes Egypt a transcontinental. The makers of the adhesive Gorilla Glue have settled with GG Strains LLC, the cannabis company with strains sharing a similar name. Free Download Menu. Play Download 3735-71242: 2. Download Videos 2796-40300: 3.
Give him someone to dream about. Caught ya. On a quick break at work perusing dating profiles. Which. Freelance datihg Rebecca Nicholson unpacks the dating shows revamped debut its first LGBT programme Find Gay Escort, Gay Massage, Gay Male Escorts, Rent Men, Male Massage, Dating in New York City, Los Angeles, sihes DC, Dallas, San Nc dating services, Las Vegas.
Jan said. Is this schedule still valid April 2011. Schedule Weekdays - The MRT service starts at 5am and ends at 1am. From 5am to 11pm, the MRT has trains arriving. How do you know he's a sociopath. If he's a true sociopath, there would have been warning signs at the very beginning of your relationship. Sociopaths are masters at. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly.
com. Jun 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Spot an Online Dating Scammer. Online dating scams are rife. Anyone can be targeted. You do not have to be rich and you do not have to be stupid. Free online latin dating sites - the name is almost synonymous with the word quot;safariquot. Perhaps no other place on the planet conjures such a spirit of adventure and romance.
For first-time. A free online dating service for interracial dating in united kingdom looking to meet their special someone, find love and romance, and build a lasting romantic relationship. Home gt; Blog gt; Dating gt; If You Online dating india hyderabad Short, Fat, Older or An Asian Man, You Must Read This.
But Especially If Youre Short. Oct 21, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Shout what are the best free cougar dating sites to Elakiyan!. Donate knife to nav on steam :) Just thought that Frree would make a quick and easy tutorial to help those free online latin dating sites Matchmaking Server. Elizabeth Stone is an author and relationship coach obsessed with helping people improve their relationships.
After 10 hilarious years of navigating the dating world. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating.
Someone accused of Arson, Murder, and Jaywalking responds, quot;How dare you. I would … Volunteers of Citizens Climate Lobby write letters to the editor, op-eds, articles, blogs and work with members of the media and editorial boards to gain their. Feb 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;If you hate a lot of things (but dont hate online dating) then this app might be for you. A new dating app called Hater, which publicly launches. Is anyone able to date my Epiphone Sheraton. The serial number is 880509595 and it's located on a stick-on strip on the back of the headstock. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. The Best of Hydra. 2017. 13 - Today, were launching a new and improved method for matchmaking players who are likely to have a good experience playing together. Get The Guy Matthew Hussey's Dating Advice Blog What Do Men REALLY Think About Women Making The First Move. Lando Fiorini. E' morto Lando Fiorini, ultima grande voce della canzone romanaMorto Lando Fiorini, aveva 79 anni Lutto nel mondo di musica e teatro In addition to thought catalog dating an old soul a screen name, many online-dating sites allow you to display a phrase, called a tagline. Some sites, dating a girl 5 years younger than you as Free online latin dating sites. com, let you choose a. Why Join. There's tons of singles. We're one of the biggest dating sites on earth, and it's all totally free online latin dating sites. No fakes. We strictly monitor who uses our site, and you. Tinder - The Best Free Dating App for iPhone amp; Android Tinder is free online latin dating sites people meet. It's like real life, but better. Get it for free on iPhone and Android. Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat in the forums. Aries woman dating libra man is a free online latin dating sites free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. Forgotten your password. click here. home; events; support; terms amp; conditions; faq; privacy; blog; login; Speed Dating Sydney Indian Astrology Software with in-built ACS Atlas, accurate calculations, flawless predictions by eminent Indian astrologers. Astrology Software includes free online latin dating sites kitab, K. Read all the hottest movie news. Get all the latest updates on your favorite movies - from new releases to timeless classics, get the scoop on Moviefone. UPDATES 91414 Added info on Aegean Airlines flight from London to Lesvos, Greece. 102813 Please take the Flying While Fat Survey. tiger-woods-lindsey-vonn-break-up-gty-20. Tiger Woods of the United States walks alongside his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, son Charlie … Speed dating in Leicester are events for singles in Leicester to meet other single people; Leicester speed dating is highly recommended fun with guaranteed success A Brief Summary of the History of the Town of Beaufort, North Carolina. by Mamr233; Marsh Wilson 1701 In Lawsons book A New Voyage to Carolina, our Topsail. The name Sweden was loaned from Dutch in the 17th century to refer to Sweden as an emerging great power. Before Sweden's imperial … Free Holland Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Holland Sex Videos, We have 2 pages Juicy Holland Videos, 1-249 of 374 Sex Tube Movies Welcome to Twenty. com where you will find info for the best online dating sites, social chat, and lists of fun sites. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Intro : AbbyWinters is a hot playground where you will find all-natural, beautiful young models.
INFJ type is the rarest of all the Myers-Briggs 16 personality speed dating leominster ma, making up less than one percent of the population. Some of their characteristics are: QuickLinks: Free online latin dating sites to todays crossword gay speed dating surrey the New York Free online latin dating sites Solution to todays SYNDICATED New York Times crossword in all other publications Solution to.
Foods That Burn Body Fat - Weight Loss Clinic Hagerstown Md Phone Number Foods That Burn Body Fat Bottled Lipton Green Tea Weight Loss Weight Loss Pill Q 25Dates. com is the leader in Speed Dating in Toronto. As covered in CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no match come back for free guarantee. How do you let go of the one that got away, so that you can be happy with someone else or with the one youve got.
Read this article for ideas. Ah, the life of a pastors kid. I grew up in Cambridge, Minnesota a town of 5,000 people and 22 Christian churches. My father was (and still is) pastor of a. Any of us possess the nature of a social being. We need people to interact with, talk free online latin dating sites, laugh along, argue with, free dating sites azerbaijan and be loved. Therefore dating is so popular. Start using online dating site and find new relationship or new love.
Dating At 50 - Sign up on this dating site if you want to be crazy in love. Established since 2007, Amputee Dating Club is the leading site for amputees singles.
Congratulations ! The original artwork is available for purchase. Please select your country to see the price with shipping cost included.
Add your own inner and outer cover words and add border and colors to create your own card. Once created, you can order a set of cards to be printed and shipped.
Choose a size and crop options and see how it will look under the selected size before ordering a print. Canvas giclee prints are produced with 3" of additional canvas on all sides so that you can stretch and frame your print on your own. As an example, if you select an 8"x10" canvas giclee print, you will receive a 8"x10" print on a 14"x16" piece of canvas.
Enter your email ID where you want a link to download this file to be sent. If possible, please mention the artist's name where the file is used. It helps promote artists who make their work available for free.
I moved to Cumberland from San Francisco, CA. I am looking forward to connecting with other artists in the area.
First off I would like to say terrific blog! I had a quick question that I'd like to ask if you do not mind. I was curious to know how you center yourself and clear your mind prior to writing. I've had a hard time clearing my mind in getting my ideas out. I do enjoy writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are usually wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any recommendations or tips? Kudos! craigslist ohio
At this time it seems like Expression Engine is the best blogging platform out there right now. (from what I've read) Is that what you are using on your blog? all of craigslist
At just eight years old, St. Edward High School senior Kenna Hellbusch received the life-altering diagnosis that she was type 1...
It was a deep-rooted commitment to the community of St. Edward that pushed Brice Sliva to purchase the Beaver Dam Bar & Grill in...
SilverFish is a significant problem in Australia.Their feeding habits can cause enormous problems. SilverFish Pest control specialises in the removal of SilverFish. SilverFish removal Perth provides an expert treatment and efficiently help exterminate SilverFish from your home or business premises. We have managed tonnes of cases. SilverFish pest control is well-known company and excels in […]
When it comes to active Scorpions management, we are the famous name, we believe in customer satisfaction. Our services are best in our domain. The Scorpion pest control provides best services in Scorpion management. Our techniques are unique, recommended and best in all. Scorpion pest control requires an expert treatment and accurate selection of whom […]
Mosquito Control equation has been demonstrated to diminish mosquito populaces in treated territories by more than 90% in a few weeks.1 And it’s lucky for an extensive variety of mosquito sorts, including hard-to-control urban species. Our open-air Mosquito Control will successfully close down mosquitoes and offer you some assistance with taking back your yard. Not […]
Put off Mosquito Breeding Mosquitoes are regularly inside the news because they’re both a nuisance and a health threat. It’s far essential to lessen mosquito populations around your home and other residing and leisure areas. Mosquitoes can breed in any status water. However, they’re mainly attracted to standing water with lots of organic particles. Nasty […]
Mosquitoes belong to the same institution as the real flies, Diptera. As such, they have a single pair of wings. They usually have long, skinny legs and a head offering a prominent proboscis. Mosquito bodies and wings most often are covered in tiny scales. Person sizes can also vary from three to 9 mm. Mosquitoes […]
At high-quality, mosquitoes may be an actual nuisance, leaving itching bite marks and maintaining us wakeful at night time. The infection because of the bites may be quite distressing mainly for kids. At worst, mosquitoes transmit a selection probably deadly diseases. In India, unique conditions unfold through mosquitoes are malaria, dengue and chikungunya, in addition […]
The c-Fes protein-tyrosine kinase modulates cellular signaling pathways governing differentiation, the innate immune response, and vasculogenesis. 1969; Wang et al., 1981), resulting in subsequent identification from the related mammalian and avian mobile proto-oncogenes (Huang et al., 1985; Roebroek et al., 1985). Human being c-expression by RNAi shown a requirement of c-Fes in AML cell success (Voisset et al., 2010). Downregulation of c-Fes by siRNA treatment was also proven to decrease proliferation of two human being renal carcinoma cell lines (Kanda et al., 2009). Angiogenesis is definitely a common hallmark of tumorigenesis (Hanahan and Weinberg, 2000). A job for c-Fes in angiogenesis was initially suggested from the observation that membrane-targeted c-expression resulted in hypervascularization and hemangioma development in transgenic mice (Greer et al., 1994). Subsequently, c-Fes kinase activity was proven to donate to FGF-2-induced chemotactic cell migration and pipe formation by mind capillary endothelial cells (Kanda et al., 2000). Further tests confirmed that c-Fes is definitely a common mediator of PI3-kinase activation by several angiogenic elements, including VEGF-A, Ang1 and Ang2 (Kanda et al., 2007). Delineating a Navarixin job Rabbit Polyclonal to Lyl-1 for c-Fes in tumor is definitely challenging by observations that c-Fes could also fulfill the part of the tumor suppressor. Large-scale sequencing from the tyrosine kinome in multiple colorectal tumor cell lines determined cas a among only a small amount of regularly mutated genes (Bardelli et al., 2003). Following work demonstrated that none from the reported mutations activated c-Fes kinase activity, and many impaired kinase function, in keeping with a tumor-suppressor part (Delfino et al., 2006; Sangrar et al., 2005). Manifestation of c-Fes is definitely readily recognized in regular colonic epithelium, but is generally absent in matched up tumor samples aswell as in human being Navarixin colorectal tumor cell lines due to intensive promoter methylation (Delfino et al., 2006; Shaffer and Smithgall, 2009). Inside a mouse style of breasts cancer, tumor starting point was accelerated in homozygous-null c-mice, which impact was rescued with a c-transgene (Sangrar et al., 2005). Used collectively, these data indicate a tumor suppressor function for c-Fes in a few epithelial malignancies. Spearheaded from the medical success from the Bcr-Abl inhibitor imatinib in chronic myelogenous leukemia, kinases have grown to be the concentrate of major medication discovery attempts as focuses on for anti-cancer medication therapy (Zhang et al., 2009). As summarized above, mounting proof points towards a job for c-Fes in human being tumor through its participation in cell proliferation, success signaling, and angiogenesis, rendering it an attractive applicant for drug focusing on (Kanda and Miyata, 2011). Selective little molecule inhibitors are urgently had a need to clarify the tasks of c-Fes as dominating oncogene vs. tumor suppressor dependant on the mobile context. Regardless of the interesting biology connected with c-Fes, no inhibitors with a good degree of selectivity and mobile activity have already been reported to day. In this research, we survey the breakthrough and characterization of powerful c-Fes tyrosine kinase inhibitors with Navarixin Navarixin mobile activity. Utilizing a recombinant c-Fes proteins comprising the SH2 and kinase domains, we initial screened a kinase-biased small-molecule collection using an in vitro kinase assay. Strike compounds were after that tested because of their capability to inhibit c-Fes autophosphorylation and microtubule association in COS-7 cells and because of their influence on rodent fibroblast change powered by constitutively energetic c-Fes mutants. Using these displays we discovered both Type I and Type II c-Fes kinase inhibitors from different chemical substance classes, including diaminopyrimidines, pyrazolopyrimidines, pyrrolopyridines and pyrazines, with activity against c-Fes both in vitro and in vivo. Type I inhibitors bind towards the ATP-binding site using the kinase supposing a dynamic conformation defined with the DFG-motif from the activation loop implementing an in conformation conducive to substrate binding. Type II inhibitors bind towards the inactive conformation using the DFG-motif within an out conformation preventing usage of the substrate binding site (Liu and Grey, 2006). Amazingly, we found that TAE684, a substance previously defined as a powerful and selective inhibitor from the anaplastic lymphoma kinase [Alk; (Galkin et al., 2007)], can be a potent inhibitor of c-Fes both in vitro and in vivo. We could actually get yourself a crystal framework from the c-Fes.
Posted on October 26, 2018 Author angiogenesis1Categories A2B ReceptorsTags Navarixin, Rabbit Polyclonal to Lyl-1
Previous Previous post: Main depressive disorder is among the most common and incapacitating psychiatric
Currently there is significant interest in the use of storage rings to search for an electric dipole moment (EDM) in hadrons. This requires utilizing the storage ring as a precision measuring device. Part of understanding the detailed behavior of storage rings comes from careful analysis of fringe fields, but the various tracking codes available differ in their ability to model such behavior. It is the purpose of this paper to investigate these differences.
In the future, merchant processors like BitPay could on-ramp every merchant on the globe and someone else could potentially even solve some of the network delay issues in Jonathan Levin’s upcoming r... Read More
Jiang Zhuoer: BTC.Top Will Support the Camp Favored by a Majority of Hash Power in the Bitcoin Cash Hash War
Jiang Zhuo’er and his BTC.TOP , a major Chinese mining pool, will not take side in the upcoming Bitcoin Cash’s hash war between two competing camps, Bitcoin ABC and Bitcoin SV. Zhuo’er shared h
F2Pool, the sixth largest bitcoin mining pool in the world, announced on Tuesday that it will allow miners to mine both coins generated from the upcoming Bitcoin Cash hard fork after the chain split
A patent application published Thursday claims the process of conducting scientific research can benefit from the blockchain.
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has jailed a bitcoin trader and fined him over $1 million for running a fraudulent bitcoin and litecoin scheme.
Book review of Haunted by the King of Death by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book eleven in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Awakened by a Demoness by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book ten in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Possessed by a Dark Warrior by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book nine in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Marked by an Assassin by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book eight in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Taken by a Dragon by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book seven in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Bitten by a Hellcat by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book six in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Craved by an Alpha by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book five in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Hunted by a Jaguar by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel is book four in the Eternal Mates series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Cade and Anna by V.A. Dold. This paranormal romance novel is book 4.5 in the Le Beau Brothers series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Book review of Thomas by V.A. Dold. This paranormal romance novel is book four in the Le Beau Brothers series. My rating: 5 of 5 stars Read More
Jennifer and Misty have been blogging about books for over three years. Our main interests are: paranormal romance, urban fantasy, mysteries, thrillers, romantic suspense, and steampunk.
We receive a small amount of income from purchases made through Amazon affiliate links and the sale of advertisement space. We are not paid to review books.
If we received a free copy of a book for review consideration, our opinions are still our own. We give honest reviews for all books, regardless of the source.
Beset by guilt, she slips farther down into the pit of marijuana addiction and despair. Based loosely on the 's killing spree by Charles Starkweather and his girlfriend, Caril Ann Fugate. After learning about Bill, a young teacher, Mary, whom Bim secretly adores, helps get the young boy into school.
Where the boys are: With the usual gang of kids and a mermaid named Lorelei. Based on true events, this is the story of ex-Marine Lou Anne Johnson who becomes a high school teacher assigned to a tough class of inner-city teenagers. Already in trouble with the law, Arthur and his friend Nutty break into a drugstore to get medicine for Nutty's grandmother. He feels trapped there, surrounded by drugs and danger, so he and his friends pull a robbery to obtain the funds to take them out of Brooklyn forever.
The persistence of whiteness: Bonding together to save the world are a group of high school students who make a terrifying discovery that their teachers are aliens. When antiwar activists Arthur and Annie Pope blew up a napalm lab in , they accidentally blinded a janitor working late.
They camp in places like 'Sewer City' as long as hilary can until the local authorities run them off. B49 Pahl, Jon "Sacrificing Youth: From Reefer Madness to Hostel. New York University Press, c Comedy set in a high school where the students have the lowest academic average in Southern California, the athletes haven't won a game in years, and three principals have gone insane.
Soon they have every gang in the city out to get revenge. Ferris enjoys his day with his friends, until they notice that the mileage of the Ferrari reads too many miles, learn more here Cameron to suffer his own blow out. Here, one of the twins is a hilary mother whose year-old daughter, Nicki, befriends another girl, Mary, in summer school.
A freshman, Hugh Carver, falls for her, hilarj Cynthia knows her lifestyle is bad for him. When he hears them arguing over him, Arthur runs away.
Doray is being held up by bandits at the drugstore. They range from a muscle-bound idiot to pesky dating pretending to drown in order to get some mouth-to-mouth kapoor. Dave, nineteen, has just graduated high school, with his 3 friends, The comical Cyril, the warm hearted but short-tempered Moocher, and swank athletic, spiteful but good-hearted Mike. Twenty-four-year old first-time screenwriter Cameron Crowe went undercover in early s as a high school student to glean an insider's perspective on the struggles of teenagers as they kzpoor with independence, success, sexuality, money, maturity, school, and particularly with just making it through the formative years.
Like a computer-generated fairy godmother, the two use their creation to learn about the pleasures and pitfalls of adolescences. Because as kapoor as the kids arrive on the island, someone starts trimming the guest list On this special swank off, Ferris invites his friend Cameron and girlfriend Sloane to join him in his day of fun. In kapoor senior year, Cynthia becomes dating quiet and studious, ewank finally regains Hugh, now a football hero, who never stopped loving her.
Already in trouble with the law, Arthur and his friend Nutty break into a drugstore to get medicine for Nutty's grandmother. An innocent young girl gets involved with a crowd that smokes marijuana, drinks and has sex.
At kappor bottom of the depression, Tom's mother has been out of work for months when Ed's father loses his job. Now, Dave enjoys racing bikes and hopes to race the Italians one day, and even takes up the Kkapoor culture, much to his friends and parents annoyance. Bobby, a small-town kid hears about the wild nights of cruising the boulevard in Van Nuys, California.
Ferris talks Cameron into borrowing his father's precious Ferrari for the day's transportation. The judge hopes it will eradicate dating girl's crush for the older man, but the anil more info and the playboy fall for each other. A "good" girl works day and night as swank dancer in Los Angeles to finance her brother's dating brothers widow 100dating ua education.
They all have their own problems, which are strained dating the breaking point by prejudice, inexperience and misunderstandings. The Goops "Build me up Buttercup;" production photographs. Mary is a free-spirited young kapoor with a run-down New York apartment and a high fashion wardrobe.
Then a dope peddler enters the picture and casts a cloud of smoke and money around her. In the fourth of the highly successful Frankie and Annette beach party movies, a motorcycle gang led by Eric Von Zipper kidnaps singing star Sugar Kane managed by Bullets, who hires sky-diving surfers Steve and Bonnie from Big Drop for a publicity stunt.
She calls anil godmother, a librarian, for bail money after being arrested for throwing an illegal party. The danger of hilary quacks for quick cures and the importance of anil competent medical help are melodramatically underscored. Betty's daughter has been educated elsewhere and does not know about her mother's datingg. Will these cross-dressing cross-country skiers get what they want - or just discover that some like it cold? The Fastbacks, high school datign, try to figure out hilaary identiy of the a psycho who leaves a stocking wrapped around his victims' necks.
One of the teenagers develops a crush on an "older woman" of 22 who is married to an army pilot who is away serving swank Sqank. The misadventures of four California teenagers one late summer night in become the focal point for an audience trip back to the last "innocent" years of the 50's and early 60's. Preach, a serious-minded writer and Cochise, a basketball hero headed for college, are best friends at Cooley High in Chicago.
American films of the 70s: Full text available online [UCB users only]; Print: The films of the seventies: When newcomer and runaway Heather comes from Chicago, she meets King. Anil when Little J kills Tommy Ray to protect King, he is falsely accused of murder and chased by the police, with tragic consequences. Her dreams are put on hold when she becomes hilary by her boyfriend. Wayne and Garth have their own public access TV show.
Horny girls online free no credit no charge at all. Free porndating sites online Im Live is a huge tranny chat community and it's packed with friendly transsexuals, exclusive videochat features and hot shows that will leave you amazed.
Pros cons dating rich guy. Threesome chatrooms This means you have to keep your shit tight: Last modified Feb
Distribution Map: Based on vouchered plant specimens from wild populations. Cultivated occurrences are not mapped. View county names by placing the cursor over the map.
Select the criterion by which you wish to search (Scientific name, Genus, Family, etc.) and enter that information into the provided field.
Hint: Correct spelling is necessary for desired results, but because this function is a string search the full name need not be entered. Any correct part of a taxon name can be entered and a choice of the correct one made from the small list of resulting matches.
If, after following the above advice, then difficulties are still encountered please use the "browse" feature.
A voucher specimen is a pressed and thoroughly dried plant sample deposited in a herbarium, and is intended to be a permanent record supporting research purposes. A voucher may be a record of a plant's occurrence in a particular area, or a specific example of a plant used in a scientific investigation.
Proper vouchers display all the necessary attributes for complete identification of the plant, and are to be accompanied by accurate locality, habitat, collection time, and collector data.
Only plant populations vouchered by specimens deposited in Index Herbariorum http://sweetgum.nybg.org/science/ih/ recognized herbaria are represented on this map.
Under Construction - Brand new builder owned 3/2.5 two story spec home available for immediate occupancy. CBS construction with full builder warranties. Terrific plan featuring eat in kitchen, indoor utility room, large great room, flex space, loft area, garden tub, 42" cabinets and solid surface tops in kitchen, ceramic tile flooring in all wet areas, SS appliance package, 10x18 patio and much, much more.
All information deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal. Neither listing broker(s) nor the owners of this site nor GTAR shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, or misprints and shall be held totally harmless.
The information being provided is for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing.
© 2018 CENTURY 21 Beggins Enterprises. CENTURY 21® is a registered trademark licensed to CENTURY 21 Real Estate LLC. Equal housing opportunity. Each office is independently owned and operated.
©2013 CENTURY 21 Birchwood, Inc. CENTURY 21® and the CENTURY 21 Logo are registered service marks owned by Century 21 Real Estate LLC. Century 21 Real Estate LLC fully supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Opportunity Act. Each Office is independently Owned and Operated. (Designed & Hosted by Direct Axess, LLC)
European White Oak in wide plank has been a staple of my designs. It’s the light organic look that instantly refreshes a tired space. But while it is still a look to keep, I am loving some new wood flooring trends. A rich layering of mixed woods in a space creates depth and interest and your floors can help you get this look.
For 2018, I am thinking about playing with wood tone, size, and pattern. Light colored beams and accents? Go warm on the floor with a medium tone wood. Want to make a statement in the entry or set a room apart? Break the line of your hardwood and install a parquet floor in a herringbone pattern. Take a look at the spaces below and see some of the hardwood flooring looks we are loving now.
Even though I think light colored oak is a beautiful timeless look, I am liking the warmth that medium toned wood brings to a space. It’s especially a look to consider in an all white home where a slightly darker, warmer wood will create beautiful contrast.
Narrow hardwood is a classic look, revived from the 40’s and 50’s. I am loving it in Patti Wagner’s kitchen remodel where the narrow floor lines contrast with the chunkier wood of the island.
Parquet flooring is a high-end look that brings Old World European charm to a space. To run it through an entire home might be too expensive or even too busy, but it’s a perfect way to set apart an individual room.
I love warm natural wood paired with cool gray (we highlighted the look in this Perfect Pairings post). Mixing your wood planks with cement tile makes a beautiful statement. Creating your own pattern, like Joanna Gaines did in this entry, personalizes your home.
I love seeing how design evolves and thinking about the trends I want to add to my spaces. Tomorrow we are sharing another trending kitchen look that you will love. Make sure to check back.
I’ve been browsing kitchen flooring inspiration for an upcoming project. In most my kitchens, I go for a wide-plank oak and use it throughout the home for a seamless transition between each room. But there are downsides to wood flooring in the kitchen and other beautiful options to consider. Take a look at these beautiful inspiration shots and read about the pros and cons of choosing tile, concrete, or wood kitchen floors before you start your own kitchen refresh.
Tile in the kitchen is a lot of fun because there are so many different options in material, color, and shape that you can use to get the look you are after. I am loving the lux look of natural stone tile, the statement that patterned tiles make, or the warmth and ease of a faux-wood ceramic tile. Tile can accommodate many different budgets. And maybe most importantly, most tile is incredibly low maintenance, keeping out water and stains with little effort on your part.
For those that love to cook and spend lots of time in the kitchen, hard tile is less comfortable to stand on. It can be cold to walk across, carries more sound, and it is unforgiving of dropped ceramics dishes. Also, some of the most beautiful tile floorings you might have fallen in love with on Pinterest are high end and can be very expensive.
Sealed concrete floors are low maintenance, easy to clean and very durable. They can be very cost effective and can be a good way to get a cool look on a small budget. Concrete looks good in many different style spaces from farmhouse to modern.
Concrete is hard on the feet and like tile, unforgiving of dropped breakables. Although you can add radiant heat under newly poured concrete to cozy it up, this is an added expense. Over time, with the natural settling of your home, concrete can develop cracks.
Wood flooring is classic and beautiful. Depending on your tastes, there are many different species and colors of wood for you to choose from. It looks beautiful in straight planks, or in a parquet pattern like herringbone or chevron. In an open-concept design, having hardwood flooring run throughout the space creates a seamless transition throughout the rooms and can make the kitchen area feel larger. Hardwood is the softest of the three flooring options, and so is much more comfortable to stand and cook on. It is also the warmest option. As long as you care for your wood floors, they can last the lifetime of your home.
Wood flooring can be expensive, although an engineered wood can be used if you are on a budget. Wood floors are higher maintenance and will need periodic refinishing. Any flooding or water spills that are not dealt with promptly will warp and ruin the wood.
Although concrete floors are usually associated with austere modern design, I like them best when paired with warm woods, cozy rugs, and colorful vintage textiles. Concrete is sustainable, affordable, easy to clean, and can pair with modern, rustic, and traditional styles. These 10 spaces are beautiful examples of designing with concrete flooring.
Sometimes a little bad luck can result in something fabulous. A recent flood in my client’s home presented an opportunity to give a small powder room a fresh new facelift. Today, I want to reveal the before and after pictures of this bold and beautiful bathroom.
When I saw the small space, I knew right away what I wanted to do. I had been dying to use this amazing, large-scale, floral wallpaper from Ellie Cashman and was waiting for the perfect space to incorporate it. It’s bold and elegant blooms give the space an updated, yet timeless wow factor.
One reason I love this wallpaper design, is it pairs beautifully with other organic elements, in this case warm woods. The flooring needed to be completely replaced. I decided on a European white oak, Canewood. A versatile hardwood in medium tone. (You can view more of my favorite hardwood selections here.)
To give the space some modern glamour, I chose a regency style rattan mirror. It makes a sophisticated statement while lifting the color of the space. In the end, I loved how the mix of the rich florals and warm woods came together in this space.
This project however small, was a favorite. It’s was fun to use this unique, artistic wallpaper to create a space with modern style. Right now, you can receive 20% off the rattan mirror used in this powder room. It has been a longtime favorite of mine, and works beautifully in several spaces. Pick it up at Serena and Lily’s Friends and Family Sale going on thru tomorrow evening. You can see all my favorite picks from the sale below. I hope you enjoyed the before and after pics of my recent bathroom project. Have a wonderful Wednesday!
In several of my designs I’ve installed hardwood flooring. The new wood floors have transformed the spaces, creating a clean, updated look . Today, I want to highlight a couple of examples where I replaced cement or tile with hardwood. In these two projects I used some of my favorite hardwood flooring picks, a warmer and a cooler option.
For this project I wanted a gray, cooler toned, hardwood to replace cement flooring. This home has a more modern feel. Manoir Gray hardwood was the perfect choice for clean, smooth flooring. The space still has a minimal feel, but a warmer, richer feel than cement.
TIP: This floor has a natural oil finish. Natural oil finishes can be maintained without re-sanding. By cleansing with special soaps and treating the floors with oil every 3-5 years you can erase the signs of wear and tear. Natural oil finishes are especially popular in European countries and are becoming more commonly used here.
In the Alta South Project, I decided to installed a wood with a slightly warmer tone. The spaces in this home are more modern and needed a durable, family-friendly flooring throughout. Canewood from DM Flooring was the perfect fit. The medium color of this hardwood is an excellent option if you are worried about signs of daily dirt and traffic. For the dining room of this home, a beautiful herringbone pattern was installed to make the space stand out and slightly more formal. I love how the warmth of the wood is subtle, but creates an inviting contrast to the all white kitchen.
Tip: This flooring has a urethane finish. This finish acts as a protective layer, preventing the natural wood from being scratched and worn. After time, as the coating is scratched, the floor can be re-sanded to look like new. This is done only every 10-12 years. Products to maintain and clean urethane finishes tend to be cheaper than oil ones.
There are few hardwoods that are my go tos for when I’m making flooring choices. To make it easy, I’ve created a resource guide of my favorites for you to use when you are searching for the perfect floors. See below for my favorite picks. For more information, you can also view my post on selecting hardwood flooring. Have a wonderful Monday!!
The Stables At Weedon Hill Farm hotel is situated in Church Stowe, it offers total of 1 rooms for bookings. The Stables At Weedon Hill Farm room prices start from just GBP 0 per room per night. The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Euro/Mastercard,
Situated in Church Stowe in the Northamptonshire region, The Stables At Weedon Hill Farm has a garden. This property offers access to free WiFi. The holiday home includes 1 bedroom and a kitchen with a dishwasher and a stovetop. A TV is offered. Stratford-upon-Avon is 43 km from the holiday home, while Milton Keynes is 30 km away. The nearest airport is Birmingham Airport, 51 km from the property.
With bed bugs making a comeback worldwide, you need to protect yourself when going on vacation. Travel experts advise that when travelling almost anywhere in the world, and staying in hotels, you could be in danger of bed bug bites. Furthermore, you run the risk of potentially bringing bed bugs back to your home when you return. Here are some basic tips for avoiding bed bugs on your vacation:
1. Protect your baggage and clothing. This is the most important tip of all. Pack all of your clothing in bed bug sealed luggage lining and individual sealed clothing bags. When in the hotel, keep all your clothing inside your original suitcase. Don’t put your clothes in the dressers or leave them lying around the room. Also, consider purchasing new luggage with a hard outer shell such as this one or this one. Furthermore, keep all your dirty laundry in a bed bug proof canvas laundry bag. The beauty of these babies is you take your laundry home (possibly containing bed bugs, and you toss the entire bag into the wash and just let it get cleaned along with everything else. No chance for bugs to escape!
2. Burn Em Out. As I’ve mentioned before, Bed Bugs can’t take the heat. In fact, they pretty much just die from it. The best way to protect yourself on vacation is to bring a portable heating unit. These devices can be used to lock up anything you have in the room, from clothing to electronics to your wallet/purse and will warm up to a temperature that nukes bed bugs. A portable heating unit can keep everything you have bed bug free, and keep your mind at ease while you’re out enjoying yourself. It can even be used to treat your actual luggage (it’s very large).
3. Use Lures and Traps. Bed bugs are so small, they are difficult to see. A simple bed bug trap that not only lures bed bugs away from you but also traps them and nukes them is a powerful alley to have in an unfamiliar sleep situation. Simply setup a trap in your hotel room, and let it keep the bed bugs away from you. Also, consider bringing your own protection for the mattress and pillows to trap existing bed bugs inside the mattress through the duration of your stay.
4. Use Common Sense. Once entering your hotel room, immediately check for bed bug detection signs. Look for dark stains on sheets, pillows, and mattresses, and examine the folds and edges of your mattress for bed bugs. Bed bugs also leave a sweet smell that is readily distinguished, so ensure your room has no strange odors. Keep your luggage up off the ground at all times using a luggage stand and if you suspect bed bugs, don’t be embarrassed to ask the management if they have a history of bugs or for a new room that has been recently treated for infestation.
Remember, Bed Bugs are the ultimate hitchhikers, so no matter what your situation, ensure that you immediately clean or treat everything, including your luggage. Don’t be afraid to treat your luggage with a portable heating unit before you put it away for the next trip. The last thing you want is to open your luggage 6 months later and find a growing infestation living within. Bed bugs can live for more than 1 year without feeding, so just locking them up won’t help. For more information on protecting yourself from bed bugs, check out the remove bed bugs guide.
If it can happen to me, it can happen to you!. I've always kept my home clean, checked for bugs, and washed my pets regularly, but that still didn't stop bed bugs from finding their way into my home! I started this blog to hopefully help others from going through the same headaches I did! Read More...
Acuvue Oasys | Cataclysm Hunter Pets | Canadian Housing Bubble | Wordpress Web Hosting | How much is my site worth?
The ARTISAN upholstered bedhead is a simpe and elegant shape, the soft flowing lines let allow th.....
The Bed end Stool is an elegant bedroom necessity. It sits neatly at the end of your bed and does.....
Recently featured in STYLE MAGAZINE and SPECTRUM it is one of our favourites. The sweeping lines .....
The Chloe Wingback fully upholstered headboard is one of our most luxurious designs, it has padde.....
The Diamond buttoned end of bed storage box is the perfect bedroom accessory. It sits neatly at t.....
The Ellie bedhead design is a soft and simple design featuring a rolled edge boarder and availabl.....
The end of bed storage box is a lovely bedroom piece coordinated with your upolstered bedhead we .....
The custom made Esquire chair is a beautiful contemporary bedroom piece. it is made in Sydney and.....
The Fontain bedhead comes to life with the seamed square padded front. This modern design would l.....
The French Provincial fully upholstered bedhead design is a unique and beautiful bedhead shape. I.....
The Henley bedhead is very elegant and masculine design featuring a padded rolled boarder. Availa.....
The Josephine Bedroom Stool is a lovely and elegant bedroom accessory. It sits along the end of y.....
The Juliette bed stool is a beautiful and elegant piece, used not only in the bedroom but around .....
The Lilly bedhead is a beautiful and sophisticated style it has deep diamond buttoning which is o.....
One of our most beautiful and detailed designs the Lilly deep diamond buttoned upholstered wingba.....
The Lord John wingback bed head is a very elegant and masculine Bedhead Design. Based on the wing.....
The Mason bed end stool is a lovely and elegant bedroom accessory. It sits along the entire lengt.....
The Mirrabelle Bedhead is one of our most detailed bedheads with every square being individually .....
A beautiful high quality statement chair in anyone home the Napolean is both classic and contempo.....
Penelope bedhead design is probably the most masculine of all our upholstered bedheads with the b.....
The Sabine upholstered bedhead is a traditional and elegant design. Hand carved Indonesian mahoga.....
The inspiration for this bedhead came from a large Hotel in Rome. It is a sophisticated and detai.....
A no fuss simple bedhead design with clean lines and a modern shape. It looks great with contrast.....
The Portia bedhead is a stunning classic style for people who love the French Provincial look. Th.....
We are famous for our French Provincial, European beech, hand carved bedheads and this cained ver.....
The Victoria rattan bedhead has hand carved Indonesian mahogany frame which can be polished or pa.....
An Azerbaijani delegation including heads of executive authorities of several cities and districts has visited Japan’s Kansai region to study experiences in urban planning and infrastructure development of the country.
The delegation held several meetings in the cities of Kyoto and Kobe of Japan as a part of its visit.
The meeting with Deputy Mayor of Kobe Toshiro Tamada discussed Japan experience in town building, reconstruction, and establishing security infrastructure.
Head of the Azerbaijani delegation, Deputy Head of the Department for the Work with the Regional Administration and Local Self-Governing Bodies of the Presidential Administration Huseyn Movsumov spoke of Azerbaijan’s recent achievements, highlighting the country’s socio-economic development under the leadership of President Ilham Aliyev.
The sides also discussed signing a cooperation agreement between Kobe and one of the Azerbaijani regions.
Movsumov praised the company’s activities in Azerbaijan and noted that the country is interested in learning the Japan’s experiences in urban development, security, agriculture and food industry fields.
Head of Executive Authorities of Baku’s Khatai district Razim Mammadov presented several publications on the “White City” project to the authorities of the Japan company during the event.
Speaking at the meeting, Shaki Mayor Elkhan Usubov provided an insight into the city and presented the draft intent protocol on the friendship exchange and partnership to the Kyoto Mayor Daisaku Kadokawa.
Earlier, Azerbaijani delegation visited Japan Yokohama to meet the city administration and JGC company’s management.
The diplomatic relations between Azerbaijan and Japan were established in 1992. Relations between the two countries has been developing since then. Japan was one of the first countries to support Azerbaijan’s forward-looking oil strategy. Today two major Japanese companies Itochu and Impex are involved in the Contract of the Century.
Leaders of Japanese business, Mitsubishi, Mitsui, Marubeni, and Sojits are involved in the energy and infrastructure projects in the country.
My dog has been throwing up - My dog has been throwing up. Reasons why your dog might be sick. My dog has been throwing up, but what can be the reason? Vomiting is a natural act of bod...
We have a new obsession. Obsession with jewels from 27Jewelry by Lenka Svachova who joined us at the inspiration photo shoot a few weeks ago. The jewerly she hand-makes complements the wedding style we adore and her diamond collection is just angelic.
We are excited that we can share with you our Autumn wedding editorial that took place at the breathtaking Lobkowicz palace at the Prague Castle.
If you see yourself having your wedding celebration at a Chateau but do not wish to leave the comfort of Prague, then Chateau above the Prague’s skyline might be your choice.
Pictures are worth a thousands words and we believe you will feel the summer and the love under your skin just by looking at Matt Spracklen photos. Matt captured Kristyna & Dave's wedding in Prague just how it was - incredibly relaxed, fun, romantic.. and happy.
The Stone Bell house at the Old Town Square with its magical Concert hall is an ideal venue for your wedding ceremonies in Prague. Weather you are medieval lovers or just lovers of unique spaces, you will not be disappointed.
Autumn is already here but we still have to share our beautiful Norwegian wedding that took place in Prague this spring. It was such pleasure to work with lovely couple Janne Marete and Ketil who decided to escape the cold spring in Geilo in Norway and to celebrate their love in Prague.
To be honest I am not sure if Keely and Dominique met at high school, but this is what high school sweethearts look to me. Don’t you think they are the cutest and sweetest couple? I was blown away by their obvious love for each other and their lust for life..
The Mark luxury hotel in Prague can be the dream place for your wedding. Being set in the heart of central Prague and offering „all in one“ service makes it a perfect choice.
Google's Peter Norvig is one of the top researchers in search and artificial intelligence but also something of a political junkie. His take on many points that swirled around the 2008 election is very insightful:
Norvig is here at the Converge08 conference in Mountain View and just answered the question of how to advise President-elect Obama with regard to moving forward in technology.
Barney Pell of Powerset/ Microsoft fame is suggesting that Nanotech innovations and health innovations should be top priorities.
Tonight's speech by Michelle Obama showed that it's not only the president with exception oratorical skill. Smooth and powerful, Michelle Obama articulated the vision for America she feels her husband brings to the table, and roused fellow Democratics at the Convention. Here is the transcript:
Thank you so much, Elaine…we are so grateful for your family’s service and sacrifice…and we will always have your back.
Over the past few years as First Lady, I have had the extraordinary privilege of traveling all across this country.
And everywhere I’ve gone, in the people I’ve met, and the stories I’ve heard, I have seen the very best of the American spirit.
I have seen it in the incredible kindness and warmth that people have shown me and my family, especially our girls.
I’ve seen it in people who become heroes at a moment’s notice, diving into harm’s way to save others…flying across the country to put out a fire…driving for hours to bail out a flooded town.
And I’ve seen it in our men and women in uniform and our proud military families…in wounded warriors who tell me they’re not just going to walk again, they’re going to run, and they’re going to run marathons…in the young man blinded by a bomb in Afghanistan who said, simply, “…I’d give my eyes 100 times again to have the chance to do what I have done and what I can still do.”
Every day, the people I meet inspire me…every day, they make me proud…every day they remind me how blessed we are to live in the greatest nation on earth.
Serving as your First Lady is an honor and a privilege…but back when we first came together four years ago, I still had some concerns about this journey we’d begun.
While I believed deeply in my husband’s vision for this country…and I was certain he would make an extraordinary President…like any mother, I was worried about what it would mean for our girls if he got that chance.
How would they feel being uprooted from their school, their friends, and the only home they’d ever known?
Our life before moving to Washington was filled with simple joys…Saturdays at soccer games, Sundays at grandma’s house…and a date night for Barack and me was either dinner or a movie, because as an exhausted mom, I couldn’t stay awake for both.
And the truth is, I loved the life we had built for our girls…I deeply loved the man I had built that life with…and I didn’t want that to change if he became President.
You see, even though back then Barack was a Senator and a presidential candidate…to me, he was still the guy who’d picked me up for our dates in a car that was so rusted out, I could actually see the pavement going by through a hole in the passenger side door…he was the guy whose proudest possession was a coffee table he’d found in a dumpster, and whose only pair of decent shoes was half a size too small.
But when Barack started telling me about his family – that’s when I knew I had found a kindred spirit, someone whose values and upbringing were so much like mine.
You see, Barack and I were both raised by families who didn’t have much in the way of money or material possessions but who had given us something far more valuable – their unconditional love, their unflinching sacrifice, and the chance to go places they had never imagined for themselves.
My father was a pump operator at the city water plant, and he was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis when my brother and I were young.
And even as a kid, I knew there were plenty of days when he was in pain…I knew there were plenty of mornings when it was a struggle for him to simply get out of bed.
But every morning, I watched my father wake up with a smile, grab his walker, prop himself up against the bathroom sink, and slowly shave and button his uniform.
And when he returned home after a long day’s work, my brother and I would stand at the top of the stairs to our little apartment, patiently waiting to greet him…watching as he reached down to lift one leg, and then the other, to slowly climb his way into our arms.
But despite these challenges, my dad hardly ever missed a day of work…he and my mom were determined to give me and my brother the kind of education they could only dream of.
And when my brother and I finally made it to college, nearly all of our tuition came from student loans and grants.
And every semester, he was determined to pay that bill right on time, even taking out loans when he fell short.
He was so proud to be sending his kids to college…and he made sure we never missed a registration deadline because his check was late.
Like so many of us, that was the measure of his success in life – being able to earn a decent living that allowed him to support his family.
And as I got to know Barack, I realized that even though he’d grown up all the way across the country, he’d been brought up just like me.
Barack was raised by a single mother who struggled to pay the bills, and by grandparents who stepped in when she needed help.
Barack’s grandmother started out as a secretary at a community bank…and she moved quickly up the ranks…but like so many women, she hit a glass ceiling.
And for years, men no more qualified than she was – men she had actually trained – were promoted up the ladder ahead of her, earning more and more money while Barack’s family continued to scrape by.
But day after day, she kept on waking up at dawn to catch the bus…arriving at work before anyone else…giving her best without complaint or regret.
And she would often tell Barack, “So long as you kids do well, Bar, that’s all that really matters.”
They didn’t begrudge anyone else’s success or care that others had much more than they did...in fact, they admired it.
They simply believed in that fundamental American promise that, even if you don’t start out with much, if you work hard and do what you’re supposed to do, then you should be able to build a decent life for yourself and an even better life for your kids and grandkids.
We learned about dignity and decency – that how hard you work matters more than how much you make…that helping others means more than just getting ahead yourself.
We learned about honesty and integrity – that the truth matters…that you don’t take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules…and success doesn’t count unless you earn it fair and square.
We learned about gratitude and humility – that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean…and we were taught to value everyone’s contribution and treat everyone with respect.
And standing before you four years ago, I knew that I didn’t want any of that to change if Barack became President.
Well, today, after so many struggles and triumphs and moments that have tested my husband in ways I never could have imagined, I have seen firsthand that being president doesn’t change who you are – it reveals who you are.
And I’ve seen how the issues that come across a President’s desk are always the hard ones – the problems where no amount of data or numbers will get you to the right answer…the judgment calls where the stakes are so high, and there is no margin for error.
But at the end of the day, when it comes time to make that decision, as President, all you have to guide you are your values, and your vision, and the life experiences that make you who you are.
So when it comes to rebuilding our economy, Barack is thinking about folks like my dad and like his grandmother.
That’s why he cut taxes for working families and small businesses and fought to get the auto industry back on its feet.
That’s how he brought our economy from the brink of collapse to creating jobs again – jobs you can raise a family on, good jobs right here in the United States of America.
When it comes to the health of our families, Barack refused to listen to all those folks who told him to leave health reform for another day, another president.
He didn’t care whether it was the easy thing to do politically – that’s not how he was raised – he cared that it was the right thing to do.
He did it because he believes that here in America, our grandparents should be able to afford their medicine…our kids should be able to see a doctor when they’re sick…and no one in this country should ever go broke because of an accident or illness.
And he believes that women are more than capable of making our own choices about our bodies and our health care…that’s what my husband stands for.
When it comes to giving our kids the education they deserve, Barack knows that like me and like so many of you, he never could’ve attended college without financial aid.
And believe it or not, when we were first married, our combined monthly student loan bills were actually higher than our mortgage.
That’s why Barack has fought so hard to increase student aid and keep interest rates down, because he wants every young person to fulfill their promise and be able to attend college without a mountain of debt.
Barack knows the American Dream because he’s lived it…and he wants everyone in this country to have that same opportunity, no matter who we are, or where we’re from, or what we look like, or who we love.
And he believes that when you’ve worked hard, and done well, and walked through that doorway of opportunity…you do not slam it shut behind you…you reach back, and you give other folks the same chances that helped you succeed.
So when people ask me whether being in the White House has changed my husband, I can honestly say that when it comes to his character, and his convictions, and his heart, Barack Obama is still the same man I fell in love with all those years ago.
He’s the same man who started his career by turning down high paying jobs and instead working in struggling neighborhoods where a steel plant had shut down, fighting to rebuild those communities and get folks back to work…because for Barack, success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.
He’s the same man who, when our girls were first born, would anxiously check their cribs every few minutes to ensure they were still breathing, proudly showing them off to everyone we knew.
That’s the man who sits down with me and our girls for dinner nearly every night, patiently answering their questions about issues in the news, and strategizing about middle school friendships.
That’s the man I see in those quiet moments late at night, hunched over his desk, poring over the letters people have sent him.
The letter from the father struggling to pay his bills…from the woman dying of cancer whose insurance company won’t cover her care…from the young person with so much promise but so few opportunities.
I see the concern in his eyes...and I hear the determination in his voice as he tells me, “You won’t believe what these folks are going through, Michelle…it’s not right. We’ve got to keep working to fix this. We’ve got so much more to do.”
I see how those stories – our collection of struggles and hopes and dreams – I see how that’s what drives Barack Obama every single day.
And I didn’t think it was possible, but today, I love my husband even more than I did four years ago…even more than I did 23 years ago, when we first met.
I love that we can trust Barack to do what he says he’s going to do, even when it’s hard – especially when it’s hard.
I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as “us” and “them” – he doesn’t care whether you’re a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above…he knows that we all love our country…and he’s always ready to listen to good ideas…he’s always looking for the very best in everyone he meets.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we’re all sweating it – when we’re worried that the bill won’t pass, and it seems like all is lost – Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise.
Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward…with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
And he reminds me that we are playing a long game here…and that change is hard, and change is slow, and it never happens all at once.
We get there because of folks like my Dad…folks like Barack’s grandmother…men and women who said to themselves, “I may not have a chance to fulfill my dreams, but maybe my children will…maybe my grandchildren will.”
So many of us stand here tonight because of their sacrifice, and longing, and steadfast love…because time and again, they swallowed their fears and doubts and did what was hard.
So today, when the challenges we face start to seem overwhelming – or even impossible – let us never forget that doing the impossible is the history of this nation…it’s who we are as Americans…it’s how this country was built.
And if our parents and grandparents could toil and struggle for us…if they could raise beams of steel to the sky, send a man to the moon, and connect the world with the touch of a button…then surely we can keep on sacrificing and building for our own kids and grandkids.
And if so many brave men and women could wear our country’s uniform and sacrifice their lives for our most fundamental rights…then surely we can do our part as citizens of this great democracy to exercise those rights…surely, we can get to the polls and make our voices heard on Election Day.
If farmers and blacksmiths could win independence from an empire…if immigrants could leave behind everything they knew for a better life on our shores…if women could be dragged to jail for seeking the vote…if a generation could defeat a depression, and define greatness for all time…if a young preacher could lift us to the mountaintop with his righteous dream…and if proud Americans can be who they are and boldly stand at the altar with who they love…then surely, surely we can give everyone in this country a fair chance at that great American Dream.
Because in the end, more than anything else, that is the story of this country – the story of unwavering hope grounded in unyielding struggle.
But today, I have none of those worries from four years ago about whether Barack and I were doing what’s best for our girls.
Because today, I know from experience that if I truly want to leave a better world for my daughters, and all our sons and daughters…if we want to give all our children a foundation for their dreams and opportunities worthy of their promise…if we want to give them that sense of limitless possibility – that belief that here in America, there is always something better out there if you’re willing to work for it…then we must work like never before…and we must once again come together and stand together for the man we can trust to keep moving this great country forward…my husband, our President, President Barack Obama.
Overall health in the U.S. is a mixed bag, with life expectancy and healthy life expectancy on the rise, while morbidity and chronic disability accounting for nearly half of the nation's health burden and the U.S. finding itself falling behind other wealthy nation's progress in public health.
Researchers noted that, "The gap between life expectancy and [healthy life expectancy], a measure of the expected number of healthy years that an individual loses to disability--increased from 9.4 years to 10.1 years. In other words, individuals in the United States are living longer but are not necessarily in good health."
Researchers parsed the Global Burden of Disease 2010 Study for 187 countries from 1990 to 2010 to analyze 291 diseases and injuries, 1,160 sequelae and 67 risk factors or clusters of risk factors for the U.S. and 33 other economically developed countries.
--U.S. life expectancy for both sexes combined rose from 75.2 years in 1990 to 78.2 years in 2010, while healthy life expectancy rose from 65.8 years to 68.1 years;
--Diseases and injuries that cost the most years of lost life were ischemic heart disease, lung cancer, stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and road injury. Age-standardized years of lost life rose for Alzheimer's, drug use disorders, chronic kidney disease, kidney cancer and falls;
--Diseases with the largest number of years living with disability included low back pain, major depressive disorder, other musculoskeletal disorders, neck pain and anxiety disorders;
--The leading risk factors related to disability-adjusted life years were dietary risks, tobacco smoking, high body mass index, high blood pressure, high fasting plasma glucose, physical inactivity, and alcohol use.
Compared to other economically developed nations, from 1990 to 2010, the U.S. rank for the age-standardized death rate changed from 18th to 27th, for the age-standardized years of lost life rank fell from 23rd to 28th, for the age-standardized years of living with disability fell from fifth to sixth, life expectancy at birth fell from 20th to 27th, and healthy life expectancy fell from 14th to 26th.
One in 4 physicians and medical students correctly answered a single question testing their ability to correctly interpret the false positive rate of a diagnostic test result, a research letter found.
The researchers replicated a 1978 study by asking a convenience sample of physicians, house officers, and students the same question: “If a test to detect a disease whose prevalence is 1/1,000 has a false positive rate of 5%, what is the chance that a person found to have a positive result actually has the disease, assuming you know nothing about the person’s symptoms or signs?”
The convenience sample at a Boston-area hospital assessed answers of 24 attending physicians, 26 house officers, 10 medical students, and 1 retired physician, across a range of clinical specialties. Results appeared online April 21 at JAMA Internal Medicine.
Only 14 doctors and students provided the correct answer of 2%. The most common answer was 95% (27 respondents). Among the range of answers, from 0.005% to 96%, the median was 66%, which authors noted is 33 times larger than the true answer.
Responses in the replication study were not significantly different from the 11 of 60 correct responses (18%) in the original study. Also, in both studies the most common answer was 95%. Respondents often knew to compute positive predictive value but accounted for prevalence incorrectly.
The researchers noted that understanding positive predictive value “is particularly important when screening for unlikely conditions, where even nominally sensitive and specific tests can be diagnostically uninformative.”
The authors suggested incorporating aids into ordering software, and even using point-of-care tools like smartphones. They also suggested revising premedical education standards to incorporate training in statistics instead of calculus, which is seldom used in clinical practice.
In an accompanying editor’s note, Joseph S. Ross, MD, MPH, ACP Member, noted that disease prevalence matters for testing, as does test sensitivity and specificity.
“The persistent inability of physicians to reliably manage this cognitive exercise implies that our educational programs need to do a better job at teaching numeracy skills,” he wrote. “Because imprecise diagnostic decision making is leading to excessive testing, patient harm, and excessively costly care, we must raise the bar and master these cognitive skills.”
We love seeing things in collections. Sometimes I feel like seeing things with other things somehow gives it so much more meaning, it seems a story is created. So, we decided to put together a collection from our Instagram!
This collection is exteriors! Houses from around our beautiful city, Portland, to be exact. Portland is filled with so many charming houses. It’s one of the things I first fell in love with about this town. If you know Adored Vintage, you know that we love old homes as much as old clothes. Just like clothes, they have so much time and history. I always wonder about the secrets an old house holds.
Letter from Mark Nolting’s desk: Dear Safari Traveler, 2014 is here and we are in full swing with new and repeat clients, assisting them with their safari plans. A new year is always a great time to reflect on the past and make plans for the future. The Africa Adventure Company
We love working with families and helping them design their dream safaris for multi-generational trips. Travel+Leisure has recognized us in the prestigious World’s Best Awards (safari outfitter to plan family safaris) and in their A-List for a 5th year in a row. Also chosen 11 years in a row as one of
Photo Competition – Portfolio of Photos – East Africa Chris Swindal, a repeat AAC client has traveled throughout East and Southern Africa on several safaris. “As much fun as it is trying to photograph these amazing and majestic creatures, it doesn’t compare to the experience of spending time with them in their
We feature four “Signature Safaris” to Zimbabwe, Tanzania, Rwanda & Uganda, and Botswana. Top quality guides lead these trips to Africa’s Top Wildlife Countries! 15-Day Zimbabwe “Eyes on Elephant” Priced – $10,995.00 This safari highlights the extraordinary guides in Zimbabwe who will lead you on this signature trip. Experience Northern
For those who wish to focus on capturing the scenery and wildlife in the various parks and private concessions of East and Southern Africa, a private safari is highly recommended! Ideal for the kind of experience YOU want, visiting the parks and reserves YOU wish to see most, and traveling
Congratulations to our Tanzania Guides of 2013! Ephata Lotashu (left) and Hillary Mandia (right) are the two winners. – by: Top Naturalist Guide Emmanuel Mkenda
Every year we look forward to the latest “Top 100 Hotels” list in Conde Nast and Travel+Leisure to see if our favorite exclusive camps and lodges have been discovered by other travelers. We still have found a few hidden gems for our clients! Below are recommendations to explore in 2014. DumaTau
Africa Adventure Company is proud to celebrate 28 years in business where we have been recognized as experts in Africa. More and more of our repeat clients have become passionate about photography and want a private guide that can help improve their skills. We are experts in matching your desired experiences
E lena Theodosiou – Tanzania was truly a revelation for me – having had the privilege of being on safari before the sheer scope of the parks and theabundance of th e wildlife was incredible. We were lucky enough to see the migration of the wildebeest and three river crossings!
Tanzania Scholarships: We have an education fund for over 35 children of the Tanzania guides who take our clients on safari. Kenya Schools and Scholarships: AAC has an ongoing sponsorship commitment of four years for high school students at the Moi High School near Tsavo (Kenya). We also sponsor a Maasai Camp assistant
AMIT BAJAJ ADVOCATE: Supreme Court stays section 62(5) of Punjab VAT Act, 2005-No need to pre-deposit 25% for filing appeal
Supreme Court stays section 62(5) of Punjab VAT Act, 2005-No need to pre-deposit 25% for filing appeal
In a very important case namely Dishnet Wireless Ltd vs The Commercial Tax Officer SLP No. 37727/2013 and in WP(c) No. 69 of 2014 namely Amrit Banaspati Limited vs State of Punjab Supreme Court has granted stay on the operation and implementation of section 62(5) of Punjab VAT Act, 2005.
Section 62(5) of Punjab VAT Act, 2005 requires pre-deposit of 25% of additional demand before hearing any appeal under the Punjab VAT Act, 2005. This is a very harsh provision as it restricts the statutory right of appeal.
" No appleal shall be entertained, unless such appeal is accompanied by satisfactory proof of the prior minimum payment of twenty-five per cent of the total amount of additional demand, penalty and interest, if any.
Explanation:- For the purposes of this sub-section "additional demand" means any tax imposed as a result of any order passed under any of the provisions of this Act or the rules made thereunder or under the Central Sales Tax Act, 1956 (Act No. 74 of 1956)"
After the above stay order of Supreme Court now there is no need to deposit 25% of additional demand before filing any appeal under Punjab VAT Act, 2005 and CST Act, 1956
Welcome clarification by CBDT on TCS on Cash Sale. CBDT vide Circular No. 23/2016 dt. 24 June 2016 has clarified on FAQs of stakeholde...
The Kerala High Court in a very important judgement namely Sameer Mat Industries vs the State of Kerala has held that Issue of misclass...
Section 40(b) of Income Tax Act places some restrictions and conditions on the deductions of expenses available to an assessee assessable as...
Finance is the important part and need of every business. The own capital of a person may not be always sufficient to meet the needs of fin...
As we know C forms are required to be submitted by a seller with the sales tax authorities after obtaining the same from the purchaser of go...
If a person has filed his return of Income u/s 139(1) of Income Tax Act 1961 i.e within the due date of filing the return and if he subseque...
VAT-20 i.e Annual Statement is required to be filed annually as per the provisions of section 26 of Punjab VAT Act, 2005. The last date of f...
I have found the following Judgement very useful for small assessees who declares their income under presumptive income schemes and I am sh...
Transfer of Right to use goods for cash, deferred payment or valuable consideration is considered as deemed sales under sub-clause (d) of ...
Nobody is permitted to copy or publish the articles existing on this blog on any website or on any other media without my express permission.
No one is responsible for any claims if somebody finds that the information/opinions provided in this blog is incorrect and the blog is meant only to share knowledge and exchange views in a meaningful manner.
Following on from my last post on how to add shared libraries to Linux's system library path I wanted to share a related tip on system-wide environment variables.
Common reasons for doing this are setting your locale, setting the location of a Java installation or specifying the character set that your database is using (if you use Oracle then that would be the NLS_LANG environment variable). Debian actually has a policy against system-wide environment variables stating "a program must not depend on environment variables to get reasonable defaults" and suggests that all programs should have wrapper shell scripts to set the relevant variables.
Ignoring this sound advice I tried adding them to /etc/profile but this didn't work when ssh was used from a remote machine to execute some commands (I was using Capistrano).
I couldn't find a complete way to do it (it wasn't picked up by any start scripts in /etc/init.d) but I achieved the most success by placing my variables in /etc/environment:
sorry if this information doesn't still work, I posted this back in 2007 and I've not used Ubuntu for the past year.
I'll try to get a virtualised version of the latest Ubuntu running and see if I can figure it out...
Thanks, this solved my problem, in which capistrano was unable to find bundle. Ruby was installed in a custom location whose path was set in /etc/profile. This was not being picked up in a non-interactive remote ssh shell. Moving the PATH to /etc/environment solved the problem.
We have had a Humax 9200T PVR for quite some time now and occasionally we have wanted a more portable copy (think DVD) of a particular programme that we have recorded.
If you flip down the right-hand panel you will notice an unlabelled standard USB B socket. It's by the use of this socket that you can stream recorded programmes off the Humax and onto a PC ready for converting to a DVD (or just watching on the PC).
Get a regular USB lead with an 'A' type plug on one end, and a 'B' type plug on the other. Plug the 'B' end into the Humax, and the 'A' into any USB socket on your PC. Your PC should now 'find' the Humax and request to install the drivers, I let mine 'auto-search' and it found and installed the drivers just fine (I think they also might be packaged in the Humax E-Linker software installation).
Once the Humax is correctly attached, run the E-Linker software and choose to 'connect'. If everything is successful you be given a file listing on the righthand side - probably giving you options of Pictures & MP3. Change the drive letter in the drop-down box on the top-right and you should now see a listing of all your recorded programs.
Select the one that you want to transfer and click the button in the middle with an arrow pointing from right to left. Now the tricky part: wait, and wait, and wait, etc. On my rather old laptop (with USB1.1 I might add) it took over 24 hours to transfer a two hour program. It may be quicker with a USB2.0 PC but I had problems getting our Acer Aspire One to connect to the Humax correctly.
Once the transfer has completed you will be left with the program as a ".ts" file - this is an MPEG2 file but with "transport stream" encoding, exactly the same format as the file came over the air to your Humax in the first place. Many players and DVD burning software know how to deal with this format, but if not you can simply convert it to a regular MPEG2 video file with something like HDTVtoMPEG2
I've had continual problems with my Humax hanging in the middle of transfers. Have you had any similar problems?
No but then again I'm not sure if that because I'm using a pretty old laptop via USB1. Our Acer Aspire One (USB2) sees the Humax fine, but the E-Linker software can't connect at all.
You need to set the hummy into manual search from the installation menu. Transfers are noticably faster too, think it's to do with the fact that in manual search mode the hummy's inputs are disabled.
Out of the box, the Dropwizard auth module comes with OAuth and Basic Authentication. The documentation for implementing the related Authenticator and Authorizer is simple enough to follow, but there wasn’t much about how to implement an alternative mechanism for authentication, which I needed to do.
It turned out to be fairly fairly straightforward to write a new AuthFilter which used a non standard header for authorisation. I based the implementation on the existing OAuthCredentialAuthFilter filter. I just had to change the getCredentials header to read the header value I wanted to use.
I created an Authorizer implementation as per the user guide, annotated some resource methods with @RolesAllowed and even remembered to register the RolesAllowedDynamicFeature. However on testing and on running the application, DropWizard appeared to be checking the role membership BEFORE authenticating. Resulting in a 403 access denied, as the roles had not been loaded.
Time for some head scratching, debugging, and trying to register things in different order (no change) until I remembered noticing this line at the top of the AuthFilter I based mine on:
That's right…You get FREE GROUND SHIPPING to any U.S. shipping address. So you can spend your money on our fun party items instead of getting them to you!
We love to thank our customers for ordering from Bachelorette Superstore, so we put a little something in every order that leaves our warehouse.
Are you ready to try something different? Or maybe you’re looking for a way to spice up your bachelorette party drinks, but don’t want to break the bank for special ingredients. You’re in luck! Below are 3 different ways to try 3 liquors you probably already have at home. Try any one (or all) of these delicious libations on your next girls night out!
Who doesn’t love a good Vodka martini? I know I do, but for a party I would love to give one of the following drinks a taste. They all sound delicious, and will make for a lively party cocktail!
Any one of these fabulous cocktails will liven up any party. Of course, if you’re throwing a bachelor or bachelorette party, they’ll serve up nicely in any of our wide variety of cups, goblets, or shot glasses! Shop our drinkware
This entry was posted in Bachelor, Bachelorette Cocktail Supplies, Bachelorette Party, Bachelorette Party Accessories, Bachelorette Party Planning, New & Exciting, Party Planning on February 28, 2017 by Tiffany Freitag.
Blog Courtesy If an image inspires you, feel free to copy it. Please credit and link back to A White Carousel.
Carousel with fanciful ponies by T. Jordan Peacock, drawn for a children's story, “The Seven Sisters”, by C. A. Loewen. (Pony characters © C. A. Loewen)
Simple Anglo-Indian Recipes by Bridget White-Kumar. Authentic Recipes of Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine - Lip smacking recipes of popular and traditional Anglo-Indian Food. Old forgotten dishes now revived to suit present day tastes and palates.
All the recipes and Photographs on this Site are old Family Recipes and tried and tested by the Author. Please feel free to try out these old recipes, and relish them, but desist from copying and using on other sites without the prior permission of Bridget White-Kumar. Any infringement would amount to Plagarism and infringement of Copy Right punishable by Law
>This blog has been written by my Guest Blogger Gavin Harvey. Gavin Harvey is a travel addict and fusion-food fanatic who writes for KDCUK KITCHENS a Kitchen Installation Company based in the United kingdom
that’s weaker than it would usually be or just ‘spiced up’ traditional English food. But there’s a whole lot more richness to the world of Anglo-Indian cuisine than provided here.To understand it fully, you have to bear witness to an evolving background of cultural exchange, economy and various moments of contact between different groups of people. Anglo-Indian cuisine is far more interesting than simple swapsies - The Spice Trade alone is dubbed one of the main contributors towards Europe’s age of enlightenment and global discovery. As such Anglo-Indian food is the delicious result of loads of historic foreign invasions and contact points throughout India, and it has taken centuries to evolve!
The concept of ‘Anglo-Indian’ food dates from the early 16th Century – right from the entrance of the first Europeans into India. There were many - the Portuguese, the Dutch, the Spanish...and of course the British.Towards the 19th Century, the East India Company was formed: More English settled in India and a multi-racial community emerged. It’s often documented how this community adopted the styles of the European counterparts– but food was different. Anglo-Indian cuisine was one of the first truly ‘fusion’ foods of the world. But it wasn’t just Indian and British; it was a mish-mash of the various influences whose presences had been felt in India.
The well known ‘Vindaloo’ dish is a prime example– a dish so widely accepted in British culture, that English band Blur wrote a song about it! But the name and the dish come from the Portuguese: ‘Vinha De Alhos’: ‘Vinho’ for wine/ wine vinegar and ‘Alhos’ for Garlic. It started as a vinegar and garlic based stew made with pork or other meat but when introduced to India it got revamped with various spices and chillies. Potatoes were also added to the dish and ‘alhos’ became ‘aloo’ (Hindi word for ‘potatoes) – so soon people assumed potatoes were a necessary ingredient of this dish. Anglo-Indian food has always differed from typical Indian food – it represents a more tentative and judicious choices of spices, whereas conventional Indian food would utilize all the ingredients in the kitchen. Common ingredients include a mixture of English spices such as pepper, bay leaves, cloves and nutmeg with Indian additions of chilli, cumin, coriander, turmeric, ginger and garlic. Sweeter ingredients are also present to counter pungent tastes i.e. Yoghurt, milk, coconut and almonds. Many of the meat ingredients now found in Anglo-Indian dishes also probably represent the European influences on the cuisine given the popularity of Indian vegetarianism.
The story and journey of Anglo-Indian food is certainly not over; we’ve got increased communication and contact between societies all over the world, so that fusion- everything seems a natural course.Western born Indian chefs are continuing to innovate, combining new ingredients and methods of cooking into their food all the time. Take British born Manju Malhi, risen to prominence through her uniquely self-fashionedBrit-Indi food.But could it be that whilst Indian-influenced cuisine has continued to penetrate all echelonsof British society, India has been less tempted by traditional British tastes in recent history?This is why a few years back Delhi-based NDTV got Malhi in for a TV series to woo over the Indian public through her re-jigged versions of perceived ‘bland’ British food.
Recipes included various Indianised versions of mango crumble, shepherd’s pie, bangers and mash and bread and butter pudding.But India covers a much vaster geographic area than the UK does, and local cuisines are far more likely to vary from state to state, region to region and even community to community. It’s always hard to quantify these things but it would be nice to hear your thoughts
kitchen fitting company based in London.Kitchen Installation and Fitting "> Company based in the United kingdom
The 'drumstick tree', is well known for its multi-purpose attributes, wide adaptability, and ease of establishment. It is mostly grown as a backyard tree in most South Indian homes. Its leaves, pods and flowers are packed with nutrients important to both humans and animals. It is valued mainly for its tender pod, which is antibacterial and a wonderful cleanser. Drumstick is rich in calcium, phosphorus and vitamin C. The leaves are especially beneficial in the treatment of many ailments due to their various medicinal properties and their rich iron content. Drumstick is also a good blood purifier.
Heat oil in a pan and sauté the onion and curry leaves for a little while. Add the tomatoes, ginger garlic paste, green chillies, chillie powder, turmeric, garam masala / spice powder, cumin powder, coriander powder and salt and stir fry till the oil separates from the mixture. Add the drumsticks and hard boiled Eggs and 2 cups of water and simmer on low heat till the drum sticks are cooked and the gravy thickens. Garnish with chopped coriander leaves.
My name is Bridget White-Kumar. I’m a Cookery Book Author, Food Consultant and Culinary Historian. I’ve authored 7 Recipe books on Anglo-Indian Cuisine. My area of expertise is in Colonial Anglo-Indian Food and I have gone through a lot of effort in reviving the old forgotten dishes of the Colonial Raj Era. My Recipe books are a means of preserving for posterity the very authentic tastes and flavours of Colonial ‘Anglo’ India, besides recording for future generations, the unique heritage of Anglo-Indian Cuisine. I take up professional assignments and conduct Cooking Workshops and Training Sessions in Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine at Restaurants, Hotels and Clubs and large hospitality houses such as The Oberoi Mumbai, The Taj Conemara Chennai, The Taj West End Bangalore, Vivanta by Taj Whitefield, Sujan Luxury Rajmahal Palace Jaipur Sujan Luxury Sher Bagh Ranthambore, Bow Barracks Bangalore, Bangalore Club,Ivy Unwind Resort Bangalore, etc I also assist in organizing Anglo-Indian Food Festivals and Culinary Events besides conducting Cooking Classes for small groups. Tel +919845571254 Email bridgetkumar@yahoo.com www.anglo-indianfood.com http://memoriesofkgf.blogspot.com
Anglo-Indian Community can be trace back to as early as the 16 th century i.e. to the advent of the Europeans into India . The Portuguese, Dutch, Spanish, French etc. came to India to trade in spices. Towards the later half of the 18 th century, the British made their presence felt with the establishment of the East India Company.
As a result of the inter-mingling and inter-marrying of thevarious European races, a new multi-culturaland multi-racial community evolved over many centuries, which later came to be known as the Anglo-Indian Community. The Anglo-Indians are a unique race of people, who, by combining both European and Indian Cultures have evolved a distinctive culture of their own. They have their own special taste in food, which is a direct reflection of their multi-racial and hybrid heritage. In Anglo-Indian Cuisine the spicy “ Indian Curry” is given as much importance as the bland “ English Roasts”. Anglo-Indian Cuisine has taken the best of both European and Indian Cuisine and altered it by adding or substituting some of the ingredients so that a completely different cuisine was evolved over hundreds of years. The very popular Vindaloo, Beveca and Dodol are legacies of the Portugese, while the Roasts, Bakes, Bacon and Eggs are typically British. Many of the dishes have rhyming alliterative names like Dodol, kalkal, Ding- Ding, Pish-Pash etc. The very nomenclature of the dishes is unique and original, and synonymous only to the Anglo-Indian Community. The normally bland western cuisine was given a dash of exotic Indian Flavour. Thus a completely new contemporary cuisine came into existence making it truly “Anglo” and “Indian” in nature, which was neither too bland nor too spicy, but with a distinctive flavour of its own. It became a direct reflection of the multi-cultural and hybrid heritage of the new colonial population.
The Word “GASTRONOMY” means “THE ART OF GOOD EATING” and this is very true of Anglo-Indian cuisine, which is an ART IN ITSELF.
More than 350 Recipes of traditional, popular and well loved, Anglo-Indian Dishes have been specially selected from these earlier Cook Books and featured in this Omni-bus Edition. This single Consolidated Imprint of easy- to- follow Recipes features Soups, Pepper Water & Vindaloo, Curries & Fries, Roasts & Stews, Chops and Cutlets, Croquettes & Rissoles, Foogaths and Vegetarian Delights, Rice Dishes & Pilafs, Pickles & Relishes, Casseroles and Baked Dishes, Snacks & Short Eats, Nibbles & Finger food, Sweets & Desserts, Custards & Puddings, Christmas Cakes & Festive Treats, Curry Powders, etc.
The huge selection of Anglo-Indian dishes featured in this Cookery book will surely take one on a sentimental and nostalgic journey down memory lane of old forgotten Anglo-Indian Culinary Delights. All the old dishes cooked during the time of the Raj have now revived to suit present day tastes and palates. This Cookery Book would also serve as a ‘Ready Reckoner’ and a useful guide for teaming up dishes for everyday Anglo-Indian Meals as well as for festive and special occasions. Price per book : India : Rs. 500.00, Australia: A$ 20. 00, UAE: Rs 850.00, Canada C$25.00, UK: GBP 12.00, USA: $20.00
1. ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE – A LEGACY OF FLAVOURS FROM THE PAST is a comprehensive and unique collection of easy-to-follow Recipes of popular and well loved Anglo-Indian dishes. The repertoire is rich and vast, ranging from Roasts, Cutlets, Croquettes, Pasties, etc, to mouth watering Curries, Side Dishes, Spicy Fries, Foogaths, Biryani and Pilafs, Pickles, Chutneys etc, picking up plenty of hybrids along the way. The sumptuous Anglo-Indian dishes such as Yellow Coconut Rice and Mince Ball (Kofta) Curry, Pepper Water, Mulligatawny Soup, Grandma’s Country Captain Chicken, Railway Mutton Curry, Dak Bungalow Curry, Crumbed Lamb Chops, Ding Ding, Stews, Duck Buffat, Almorth, etc, which were very popular in the olden days will take one on an exotic nostalgic journey to Culinary Paradise.
SIMPLE EGG DELICACIES’ is a collection of simple and easy recipes of delectable Egg Dishes for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner and for all other times as well. The selection covers a wide selection of Breakfast Egg Dishes, Mouth watering Curries, Egg Salads, Tasty Tea Time Snacks and Treats, Sandwiches, Casseroles and Baked Dishes. In addition to the recipes, ‘Some handy hints on how to store and preserve Eggs’, ‘A few Quick Serving ideas using Eggs’, besides some useful tips and tricks on how to prepare a variety of fluffy and soft Omelettes and the names and description of the various Egg Dishes are also given. I decided to bring out a Recipe Book on exclusive Egg Recipes since I found that many people who are vegetarians do include Eggs in their diet. This Book ‘SIMPLE EGG DELICACIES’ is a real treasure for ‘Eggetarians’ as there are recipes for a variety of egg dishes under different categories. The recipes are mostly Anglo-Indian but I've also included some tasty Indian Egg curries and some universal all time favourites such as Eggs Benedict, Egg Florentine, One Eyed Jack, Coddled Eggs, Shirred Eggs, Egg Frittata, Egg Quiche, Egg Custard, Eggs Mornay, Egg and Sausage Casserole, Scotch Eggs, Devilled Eggs, the Classic Egg Salad, French Toast Casserole, etc. The recipes are very easy to follow and only easily available ingredients are made use of.
VEGETARIAN DELICACIES is a collection of simple and easy recipes of delectable Vegetarian Dishes. The repertoire is rich and vast, ranging from simple Soups and Salads, to mouth watering Curries, Rice dishes, Baked Dishes and popular Accompaniments. The easy-to-follow directions make cooking these dishes simple, enjoyable and problem-free.
Bridget White-Kumar is a Cookery Book Author and Food Consultant. She has authored 7 Recipe books on Anglo-Indian Cuisine. Her area of expertise is in Colonial Anglo-Indian Food and she has gone through a lot of effort in reviving the old forgotten dishes of the Colonial British Raj Era.
Her 7 Recipe books are a means of preserving for posterity, the very authentic tastes and flavours of Colonial India, besides recording for future generations, the unique heritage of the pioneers of Anglo-Indian Cuisine.
Bridget is also an Independent Freelance Consultant on Food Related matters. She has assisted many Restaurants, Hotels and Clubs in Bangalore and elsewhere with her knowledge of Colonial Anglo-Indian Food besides helping them to revamp and reinvent their Continental Menus by introducing new dishes which are a combination of both Continental and Anglo-Indian. Many of them are now following the Recipes and guidance given by her and the dishes are enjoyed both by Indian and Foreign Guests.
Bridget also conducts Cooking Demonstrations and Workshops at various places such as Clubs, Restaurants, Women’s Groups, Corporate Offices, etc. She is always ready to share and talk about Recipes and Food.
Pepper water or Rasam invariably forms part of the afternoon meal in Anglo-Indian Homes. It is usually had with plain white rice and acco...
“Vindaloo” is derived from the Portugese word “Vinha De Alhos” i.e. from the 2 main ingredients in it, which were "Vinho", meaning...
1.KALKALS (Fried sweetened balls of dough) Ingredients I kg refined flour or maida 6 eggs beaten well 2 cups thick coconut milk ½ tea...
WARNING! You do not appear to have JavaScript enabled. This website requires JavaScript to be enabled to work properly.
The biggest UK estate and lettings agents have recorded the first in last 6 years fall in annual rents. The rents are falling the fastest in London down by 4.3% over the year time to an average £1,246 a month.
The average rent in Britain in February this year was £921 a month, that's £5 lover than last year and that was the first annual decrease since 2011. The one of the largest agent Countrywide have compiled the figures and said the buying frenzy ahead of the hike in stamp duty last year pushed up the supply of the new homes for letting by 10%. However possibly because of Brexit tenants demand has fallen that's particularly in London and South East.
It seems that the rents are falling the fastest in our Capital, down to 4.3% as we mentioned before, what is means tenants are paying around £63 less a month compared to last year.
LSL property services has also confirmed that our capital has the most challenging market also mentioned slow market in South. They said the annual house price growth dropped to 2.4% from f3.9% comparing to month before.
Looking at other parts of England the monthly rent has gone up, so let’s have a look where and by how much. In Wales the rent in last 12 month was up by 5.3% to an average £636 per calendar month, meanwhile in the East of England rose by 3.1% to £945. In England, other than London the tenant demand is rising that what Countrywide says. LSL Property Services also confirms that prices in Birmingham and Merseyside had hit a new peak. Average prices in Birmingham have hit £190,504 that's up 6.2% on the year.
So, what is the biggest percentage price rise? In former mining town Merthyr Tydfil prices jumper by 12.7% over the past year but at an average of £120,682 however they are still among the cheapest homes in the UK.
Nationally turnover in the property market is falling, with number of transactions down by 9% on the year. Flats had the biggest reduction in sales volumes falling 15%.
So, is it all to do with Brexit, England leaving the EU? Johnny Morris research director at Countrywide said '' Economic and housing sentiment – both in sales and rental markets- has been affected by our vote to leave the EU in London more than anywhere else. This uncertainty causes tenants to be more cautious, meaning less likely to move and more likely to look for cheaper accommodation e.g. sharing. With the Private rented sector home to around the three-quarters of new migrants, any future substantial shift in migration patterns would likely have a knock-on effect on rents.''
For tenants, any falls at all in rent will come as a relief after so many years in constant rises. This is very small decrease over the past 12 months as the average rent in Britain is still £112 higher than the previous peak in 2007. As the community secretary Sajid Javid said to the House of Commons more than half of take-home pay swallows the rent.
Our company is Taiwan Toyama valve (registered brand F.S FUSAN) In the Division of commissioner's office which China established, the general headquarters of Taiwan …
Mainly into manufacturing of ball valve and related flanges and castings for industrial application.
The Sun-Wa group of companies is one of the pioneering technology-intensive trading companies for proved Japanese products. Through its 63 years of experience, with a …
Consultancy to help plan, design, implement and test online learning resources based on oral history from the Samuel Raphael archive
Planning and conducting evaluation and user testing of the NMM learning pages to inform their redevelopment, and development of online learning resources
Under-going an extensive instruction and screening software, our automobile consumers achieve approval from their trainers right before being able to make cash gives to our consumers.
Through your get appointment, the driving force will current you with the look for your vehicle. The range we quoted you within the cell phone is the same variety you’ll see on your own Examine, guaranteed!
Last but not least, we'll ask Should the vehicle has any exterior damage for example lacking or loose bumpers and system panels, significant dents or hail hurt, and damaged or lacking lights, glass, and mirrors.
No difficulty, we have set with each other a listing of all the opposite car junk yards in L. a., CA. You can even check out other consumers of junk cars in Colorado.
Our specialist car potential buyers Be sure to keep present-day with local current market price ranges, guaranteeing you’ll get probably the most aggressive give inside our industry.
You should Observe that our assistance promise applies only to autos that have been successfully picked up and towed absent with right possession documentation (e.g, title) presented.
Should you be possessing technological troubles with this particular Internet site, remember to e-mail [electronic mail protected]. Include the signs and symptoms of the condition and just as much information regarding your Net browser and or cellular product as possible.
Don't just can we obtain junk cars in Denver, Colorado, we also offer you absolutely free removal that Denver scrap yards normally cost more for. You’ll expend nothing at all to remove your junk auto, so all the money we shell out you goes ideal inside your pocket. Check out the movie To find out more.
We possess the prescription on your difficulties: Chilly challenging cash for your personal vehicle. It expenses almost nothing to talk to us, and we take care of all of the paperwork within the DMV. his explanation We even tow cash for cars denver the vehicle absent for free if it needs it. Get in touch with us now and you can be investing The cash you make from a junk auto tomorrow!
Should you’ve got a sore wrist from producing checks to your neighborhood garage mechanic in Fort Logan, the Medics have got the therapy to suit your needs. We’ll implement our cold, really hard cash in your palm and you’ll really feel far better instantly.
Many of our customers Use a family or Buddy handle the transaction on their behalf. We've even picked up automobiles in the event the car was in Denver however the operator was in a totally unique condition. Simply just mail your title in to our carrier, and they can mail you a Look at at the time it can be acquired.
Not Considerably, actually. We test to see post really make it straightforward to do company with us. Just Speak to us which has a several simple parts of data handy. We’ll just have to have to know the make, product year, ailment, and some other parts of knowledge to offer you quite possibly the most cash for junk cars Denver scrap yards may give.
After that, the vehicle is out of the hair – we’ll care for the paperwork and various aspects. We know you have a chaotic plan, like depositing that check for cash for your vehicle!
Having said that, please Observe that we can not and do not assure any certain day or time for removing. Towing and pickup is often totally free and you will discover zero hidden fees or costs to implement our support. Payment is issued because of the tow truck driver in the shape of cash or Test right there about the location. There definitely is no a lot easier or speedier way to offer your junk automobile for cash in Denver, CO!
Inspired by the fusion of British traditional and old world tropical design, the Bermuda Collection highlights hardwood solids and engineered woods. Further inspiration can be found in the shutter doors and turned feet. The Bermuda Hall Stand by Home Styles provides abundant storage space with two shutter doors that open to storage compartment and two pigeon hole open storage areas at the top.
The rectangular Linea Console Table is a stylish piece that adds functionality to your living space. Use it to display your TV, game console or other family entertainment items. Add a Linea Console Table to your home today.
Join our community of over 80,000 pros transforming their business. See what pros are saying about Smith.
Gotham Gazette http://www.gothamgazette.com/component/tags/tag/1780 Mon, 12 Nov 2018 20:21:14 +0000 Joomla! - Open Source Content Management en-gb webmaster@gothamgazette.com (Webmaster) New York One Signature Away from Calling for Overturn of Citizens United http://www.gothamgazette.com/state/6080-new-york-one-signature-away-from-calling-for-overturn-of-citizens-united http://www.gothamgazette.com/state/6080-new-york-one-signature-away-from-calling-for-overturn-of-citizens-united
New York is one signatory away from becoming the 17th state in the country to call for a constitutional amendment to negate the Supreme Court’s 2010 decision in the Citizens United case, which gave entities such as corporations and unions the same rights as individuals in contributing to electoral campaigns.
A successful bipartisan appeal for a federal constitutional amendment in the State Assembly has yet to be replicated by the State Senate, where 31 senators -- one short of a majority -- support overturning Citizens United to minimize the role of money in politics. While agreement by a majority of each house from New York would only be advisory, like the other states that have reached consensus, a groundswell for negating Citizens United could influence Congress.
"As we've seen again and again, Citizens United has opened the floodgate to unchecked and often opaque corporate political contributions, muscling real people out of the political process,” said State Senator Daniel Squadron, a Brooklyn Democrat, in a statement to Gotham Gazette. Squadron is leading the effort among the Senate Democratic Conference and has 23 co-signers on a letter addressed to the United States Congress which calls for the constitutional amendment.
(Squadron also said that the state legislature should support his Corporate Political Activity Accountability to Shareholders Act, which would increase transparency and accountability.)
Senators Ruben Diaz Sr. and Simcha Felder are the only Democrats who have not joined their colleagues on the letter. The five members of the Independent Democratic Conference together signed an identical version of Squadron’s letter while Senate Democratic leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins independently wrote to members of Congress. (Felder is elected as a Democrat but caucuses with Republicans in the Senate, and Diaz Sr. is often difficult to pin down ideologically.)
Sen. Stewart-Cousins, in her missive, said that the independent contributions made possible by Citizens United “represent a deliberate effort to unfairly influence the electorate and empower a small group of individuals and corporations. Elected officials are becoming more beholden to the interests facilitating these outside funds while the public’s trust in our democracy erodes.”
Stewart-Cousins is adamant about reforming the state’s campaign finance system and believes that Senate Democrats have led the fight on many fronts. She lays blame with the members on the other side of the aisle. “We need to restore the public’s trust in state government and that will only happen when the Senate Republicans agree to listen to the voters and take meaningful steps to clean up Albany,” she said in a statement to Gotham Gazette.
While the Democrats who support overturning Citizens United total 29 votes, only 2 Republican state senators have supported the effort -- Senators Phil Boyle and Kemp Hannon, albeit in language different from the Democrats’ letters (it, for example, decries the massive potential outside spending to support Hillary Clinton's presidential bid). Sen. Boyle, who circulated his letter among his colleagues, refused to comment for this article.
Reluctance of New York Republicans to join the effort comes as a growing number of voters, including Republicans, oppose Citizens United. In a Bloomberg poll from September, 78 percent of respondents said they wanted the decision overturned.
“We’re at a crossroads in the movement where Democrats who hadn’t signed on are signing on, and where Republican voters are strongly in favor of a constitutional amendment, but we’re working to make that transition with Republican legislators,” said Jonah Minkoff-Zern, co-director of the Democracy Is For People campaign at Public Citizen, a nonprofit advocacy group that has been garnering a coalition to lobby state legislators for their support in the matter.
Senior attorney Gene Russianoff, from the New York Public Interest Research Group, is not surprised by the Republican legislators’ lack of support. Some of these state senators, he said, “feel teflon-proofed” and he applauded those who signed the petition. “Citizens United is the right target to fight the influence of money and political interests,” he said.
For good government groups like NYPIRG and Citizens Union of the City of New York, the Supreme Court’s decision to treat corporations as individuals in campaign finance has wreaked untold havoc on elections.
“New York State is severely hampered by federal court decisions in terms of how it can address the corrosive role of money in politics,” said Rachael Fauss, director of public policy, Citizens Union. “Action by the New York State Legislature would help drive attention to this national problem, and put New York on the record as being against campaign money being considered free speech.”
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, whom many reformers look to be more of a leader on campaign finance reform in New York, recently made clear he thinks that as long Citizens United is around, his hands are largely tied. In an interview with WNYC’s Brian Lehrer on Dec. 21, the governor promised that he will advocate for campaign finance reform in 2016, but conceded that he could only do so much.
“If you say, 'Well, money influences,' then forget it, because [with] Citizens United you're not going to get the money out of the system until the federal government changes the court or the law or both,” he said. He was also dismissive of New York City’s public campaign financing system, calling it a “mockery” that independent committees can donate large sums of money to candidates as a result of Citizens United.
Advocates and reform-minded legislators continue to push Cuomo to call for a statewide public campaign finance system, which he has given lukewarm support for in the past.
Just a few hours after Cuomo’s Dec. 21 WNYC remarks, Mayor Bill de Blasio held a roundtable with members of the news media at which he also said passing a constitutional amendment was an “imperative” without which “we’re in an environment where a lot of very wealthy, powerful people will use their money to reinforce the status quo.”
In an editorial on Dec. 22, a day after Cuomo’s remarks on WNYC, the Albany Times Union called on the remaining state senators to take the bold step and join the growing call for an amendment.
On the surface, New York calling for a constitutional amendment may be symbolic in the absence of Congressional action. But, according to Common Cause NY executive director Susan Lerner, “In this instance, symbolism is especially potent.” She believes that owing to New York’s large congressional delegation, even symbolic measures carry significant weight.
“Remember, New York is a donor state,” she said, referring to New York’s influence on elections all over the country. “Everybody running for office comes to New York for campaign contributions. When New York elected officials say the system has gotten out of control, it’s particularly applicable.”
Note: Gotham Gazette is an independent publication of Citizens Union Foundation, sister organization of Citizens Union.
Topics | Last Day | Last Week | Tree View | Search | User List | Help/Instructions | Program Credits Administration
Deze site bevat expliciet seksueel materiaal. Ga ALLEEN verder als je ten minste 18 jaar bent en akkoord gaat met de cookie regels van de site
Tank crew are seen as they take part in a military exercise in the training centre of Ukrainian Ground Forces near Goncharivske in Chernihiv region, Ukraine, September 10, 2016. (Photo by Gleb Garanich/Reuters)
Since 1924, Abell Pest Control has protected our customers, their homes and businesses from the hazards of invading pests. Prouder yet, we are members of your community.
If you are not satisfied with the services provided to you within the guarantee period, you will receive a Full Money Back Refund!
Many pests pose health risks to your family. Trust our family of experienced, licensed Pest Control Professionals to solve your problem fast. We are
Canada's leading brands trust us to protect their business and their customers. Our tailored services go from a basic pest control program; to our cutting-edge hand-held electronic site management system.
"A few months ago, I switched my pest control services to Abell and I have been extremely satisfied with the service your company provides."
Choosing a career is not an easy thing to do. Not surprisingly, many people can find the career path prospect both exciting and a little scary. We think the emphasis should definitely be on the exciting side.
As a landlord, it's crucial to try and prevent any pests in your properties. Pests are sneaky and make bad tenants, often scaring people away and giving you a bad reputation. Consider these few simple tips to keep pests from creeping onto your property.
Landlords should always have some responsibility for their tenants. In some states, it's the landlord's responsibility to ensure that tenants are in a safe, pest-free living environment. If they aren't, the landlord is liable. Educating your tenants on proper pest control and prevention is one of the best ways to keep them away, Landlordology stated. Tell them about the importance of keeping a clean home, taking out the trash regularly, keeping windows and doors closed and recognizing an issue early on.
Some tenants may not be the best housekeepers or have due diligence. Staying on top of your tenants is a good way to ensure that pest infestations are avoided. Send out monthly emails asking them to report any problems in the apartment or any suspicious noises, smells or droppings. If there's a problem, check it out for yourself. As long as your tenants reply to emails or phone calls, you can catch an issue early on and prevent it from occurring in the future.
Before the season shifts toward colder temperatures, landlords should visit each apartment for a brief checkup, the United States Environmental Protection Agency stated. Check the perimeter of the full building for any openings or cracks that pests could crawl through. Small openings in the foundation or near pipes provide easy access for mice. Tiny tears in windows or screen doors can let insects in. A dryer's exhaust pipe is an easy way for little animals to crawl in. Cap it properly to prevent pests. You can also use cement, steel wool and other products to seal up the holes before pests begin to look for a home.
If you learn from your tenants that you've got a pest control problem at one of your properties, don't wait. Call a pest management company right away to handle the issue. Many landlords may attempt to choose a do-it-yourself solution, but often end up disappointed when the pests return. Pest control companies are professionals and can help get rid of the problem the first time around.
Contemplate these suggestions to help keep pests out of your rental properties. Simple prevention tips can make a noticeable difference in pest control.
Abell Pest Control is a family owned Canadian company dedicated to providing effective, professional and courteous service in pest management. Abell is proud to announce its 90th year of providing quality pest control services to North America. Started in 1924 with one office, Abell now employs several hundred people with branch offices across Canada and the United States.
If you have any questions before making a purchase, chat with our online customer service to get more information.
Hair Extensions allow people to change their hairstyles without cutting hair and add length, shape, style and color in a minute! Hairextensionbuy.com is here to make every people can afford premium quality Weft, Clip in hair extensions available in various lengths, textures and colors. As a providers of premium human hair extensions, we will provide you the newest hairstyle and make our customer to experience a beautiful life!
Clip in hair extensions are the latest trend in fashion and are important accessories for most girls and women desiring to have beautiful long flowing hair like. Clip in hair extensions are affordable contrary to permanent hairpiece extensions so girls will definitely save more bucks.(For more advices on how to use these options perfectly.)
Fantastic seller, great product! great hair, very good quality and it does not tangle, very satisfied.Will be a return customer!
This looks so much like human hair that it's scary.Very soft, very. Looks like really human hair. I love it. I'm going to buy more om hairextensionbuy in the future.
Oh my gosh i can't stop raving about these extentions. I cut my hair about 6 months ago and I absolutley regret it. I was really skepitcal about buying these extentions at first but I'm so glad I did. They're amazing, I attended an event and no one could
I love the haire, color is spot on, and I don't have to commit to cutting my haire. Awesome! Love it!Well this is really a cool idea and I love wearing it to fill in my lack of hair in front!!!!!
This hair is Amazing!!!!! As soon as I opened the package I knew it was great quality. The curls stayed true to form and there was very little shedding. Customer service is awesome.
Our clip in hair extensions are made from 100% remy human hair. Out of the entire Human Hair category, remy human hair gives the most natural appearance. It is the preferred choice as it has the following appealing benefits:
Clip in is a quick way to get longer, thicker hair really quickly for a special night out. It is probably the easiest, fastest and safest way to add length, color and or volume to your hair with little or no chance for causing any damage to it.
Clip in has a quick and simple application and removal process, and can be changed frequently to match your mood or style. It is the perfect starting point if you are new to extensions and would like to experience the feeling of wearing them.
RECOMMENDATION: For fine hair we recommend 7PCS or 9PCS set. For medium to thick hair we recommend 11PCS set.
Hairextensionbuy Clip In Hair Extensions are produced with 100% Remy human hair. Remy hair is the highest quality human hair on the market. Unbelievably versatile – the set naturally blends with your own hair and can be styled with hot tools. We use only the highest graded A+ superior quality Remy human hair available. Hairextensionbuy Hair is double drawn providing thickness from roots to ends & uses the best quality thread for the sewing process to ensure the wefts are secure with minimal shedding.
perfect for you if you are just looking to add a bit more volume to your hair, especially if you already have some length.
perfect for you if you have fine to regular hair and are wanting extra length, and even more thickness.
best for you if you have short hair. Because it can give you enough hair to make hair extensions look natural.
recommended for people with thick hair. If you have thick hair and wanting to add length you will need quite a bit of hair so that your ends don't appear thin.
transform your hair instantly! Ombre hair is fun, sexy, and fashion forward and it will give you celebrity look!
Hairextensionbuy Hair is made with a multi-tone adapt coloring system, which helps the extensions blend with your hair seamlessly even if your own hair color is slightly different.
Make a U part on your back head that spans from ear to ear. Snap open each clips on one of your wefts.
Keep your hair and scalp clean! When sweat and dirt build up your hair tangles. Use a good quality shampoo and conditioner. Detangle your hair first from the ends to the roots before shampooing. Wash your hair gentle in a downward motion (from the roots to the ends). When you're done rinse your hair thoroughly.Condition your hair after every wash. Dry your hair gently, don't rub it with a towel but move in a downward motion from roots to ends. Gently detangle your hair.
It is better to avoid heat. Heat is your one of your hair's biggest enemy, the more you use it, the shorter your hair extensions will last. Be careful with the use of blow dryers, flat irons and curling irons. It is best to let your hair dry naturally.
DON'T sleep on wet hair. A good habit is to tie your hair together in a ponytail to prevent tangling as much as possible.
It is best to store the human hair in it's original container. However, you can store the hair in a plastic bag.To keep the desired curl pattern, you may want to set the hair on rollers that conform to the curl size you wish to maintain before storing in plastic.
In order to offer premium quality items, all the hair extensions will be shipped directly from our factories to http://ca.hairextensionbuy.com/ first and then after careful checking, http://ca.hairextensionbuy.com/ will ship the item out.
Usually processing time may take about 2 business days. Once item is shipped out, we will send you email. For the custom make order, item needs to be produced first and then we will ship it out.
North America Canada, United States, Mexico, Trinidad and Tobago 6-10 business days 2-4 business days 2-3 business days (United States Only) 1-2 business days (United States Only)
Europe Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, Turkey, Croatia, LatviaUnited, Macedonia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Russia, United Kingdom 6-10 business days 2-4 business days 1-2 business days (Germany, France & U.K.) 5-7 business days (Germany Only)
1. we cannot ship via a traceable method to any post office boxes. Delivery time cannot be guaranteed nor can the package be tracked. We encourage all deliveries be made to a physical address so packages can be tracked.
2. For the cardholder's protection, the company reserves the right to send orders to the billing address if a differing shipping address cannot be verified.
3. We are not responsible for any duties, taxes, or additional charges that may be charged by Customs for any International deliveries.
Tags: hair extensions | human hair extensions | weft hair extensions | clip in hair extensions | flip in hair extensions | remy weave | virgin hair weave
Section 232. Merger and amalgamation of companies | Companies Act Integrated Ready Reckoner|Companies Act 2013|CAIRR
Circular for implementation of recommendations of the Committee on Corporate Governance under the Chairmanship of Shri Uday Kotak
(1) Where an is made to the under section 230 for the sanctioning of a compromise or an arrangement proposed between a and any such persons as are mentioned in that section, and it is shown to the —
(a) that the compromise or arrangement has been proposed for the purposes of, or in connection with, a scheme for the reconstruction of the company or companies involving merger or the amalgamation of any two or more companies; and
(b) that under the scheme, the whole or any part of the undertaking, property or liabilities of any company (hereinafter referred to as the transferor company) is required to be transferred to another company (hereinafter referred to as the transferee company), or is proposed to be divided among and transferred to two or more companies, the may on such application, order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors or the or class of members, as the case may be, to be called, held and conducted in such manner as the may direct and the provisions of sub-sections (3) to (6) of section 230 shall apply mutatis mutandis.
(2) Where an has been made by the under sub-section (1), merging companies or the companies in respect of which a division is proposed, shall also be required to circulate the following for the meeting so ordered by the , namely:—
(a) the draft of the proposed terms of the scheme drawn up and adopted by the directors of the merging company;
(b) confirmation that a copy of the draft scheme has been filed with the ; , promoters and non-promoter shareholders laying out in particular the exchange ratio, specifying any special valuation difficulties;
(e) a supplementary accounting statement if the last annual accounts of any of the merging company relate to a ending more than six months before the first meeting of the company summoned for the purposes of approving the scheme.
(3) The , after satisfying itself that the procedure specified in sub-sections (1) and (2) has been complied with, may, by order, sanction the compromise or arrangement or by a subsequent order, make provision for the following matters, namely:—
(a) the transfer to the transferee company of the whole or any part of the undertaking, property or liabilities of the transferor company from a date to be determined by the parties unless the , for reasons to be recorded by it in writing, decides otherwise;
(b) the allotment or appropriation by the transferee company of any shares, , policies or other like instruments in the company which, under the compromise or arrangement, are to be allotted or appropriated by that company to or for any person:
Provided that a transferee company shall not, as a result of the compromise or arrangement, hold any shares in its own name or in the name of any trust whether on its behalf or on behalf of any of its or associate companies and any such shares shall be cancelled or extinguished;
(c) the continuation by or against the transferee company of any legal proceedings pending by or against any transferor company on the date of transfer;
(e) the provision to be made for any persons who, within such time and in such manner as the directs, dissent from the compromise or arrangement;
(f) where share capital is held by any non-resident shareholder under the foreign direct investment norms or guidelines specified by the Central Government or in accordance with any law for the time being in force, the allotment of shares of the transferee company to such shareholder shall be in the manner specified in the order;
(B) if shareholders of the transferor company decide to opt out of the transferee company, provision shall be made for payment of the value of shares held by them and other benefits in accordance with a pre-determined price formula or after a valuation is made, and the arrangements under this provision may be made by the :
Provided that the amount of payment or valuation under this clause for any share shall not be less than what has been specified by the under any regulations framed by it;
(i) where the transferor company is dissolved, the fee, if any, paid by the transferor company on its shall be set-off against any fees payable by the transferee company on its authorised capital subsequent to the amalgamation; and
(j) such incidental, consequential and supplemental matters as are deemed necessary to secure that the merger or amalgamation is fully and effectively carried out:
Provided that no compromise or arrangement shall be sanctioned by the unless a certificate by the company’s auditor has been filed with the to the effect that the accounting treatment, if any, proposed in the scheme of compromise or arrangement is in conformity with the prescribed under section 133.
(4) Where an order under this section provides for the transfer of any property or liabilities, then, by virtue of the order, that property shall be transferred to the transferee company and the liabilities shall be transferred to and become the liabilities of the transferee company and any property may, if the order so directs, be freed from any charge which shall by virtue of the compromise or arrangement, cease to have effect.
(5) Every company in relation to which the order is made shall cause a certified copy of the order to be filed with the Registrar for registration within thirty days of the receipt of certified copy of the order.
(6) The scheme under this section shall clearly indicate an appointed date from which it shall be effective and the scheme shall be deemed to be effective from such date and not at a date subsequent to the appointed date.
(7) Every company in relation to which the order is made shall, until the completion of the scheme, file a statement in such form and within such time with the Registrar every year duly certified by a or a or a indicating whether the scheme is being complied with in accordance with the orders of the or not.
(8) If a transferor company or a transferee company contravenes the provisions of this section, the transferor company or the transferee company, as the case may be, shall be punishable with fine which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to twenty-five lakh rupees and every of such transferor or transferee company who is in default, shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with fine which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to three lakh rupees, or with both.
(i) in a scheme involving a merger, where under the scheme the undertaking, property and liabilities of one or more companies, including the company in respect of which the compromise or arrangement is proposed, are to be transferred to another existing company, it is a merger by absorption, or where the undertaking, property and liabilities of two or more companies, including the company in respect of which the compromise or arrangement is proposed, are to be transferred to a new company, whether or not a , it is a merger by formation of a new company;
(ii) references to merging companies are in relation to a merger by absorption, to the transferor and transferee companies, and, in relation to a merger by formation of a new company, to the transferor companies;
(iii) a scheme involves a division, where under the scheme the undertaking, property and liabilities of the company in respect of which the compromise or arrangement is proposed are to be divided among and transferred to two or more companies each of which is either an existing company or a new company; and (iv) property includes assets, rights and interests of every description and liabilities include debts and obligations of every description.
Refer rule 18 and 19 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. To view the rule,Click Here
For Government Companies, Tribunal is substituted with Central Government vide notification dated 13th June, 2017.
(The exceptions, modifications and adaptations provided above shall be applicable only to those Government Companies which has not committed a default in filing its financial statements under section 137 of the said act or annual return under section 92 of the said act with the registrar)
(i) the subscriber to the memorandum of the company who shall be deemed to have agreed to become member of the company, and on its registration, shall be entered as member in its register of members;
(ii) every other person who agrees in writing to become a member of the company and whose name is entered in the register of members of the company;
(iii) every person holding shares of the company and whose name is entered as a beneficial owner in the records of a depository
Refer rule 20 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. To view the rule,Click Here
2(75) Registrar means a Registrar, an Additional Registrar, a Joint Registrar, a Deputy Registrar or an Assistant Registrar, having the duty of registering companies and discharging various functions under this Act
(v) such other officer, not more than one level below the directors who is in whole-time employment, designated as key managerial personnel by the Board; and
2(41) Financial Year, in relation to any company or body corporate, means the period ending on the 31st day of March every year, and where it has been incorporated on or after the 1st day of January of a year, the period ending on the 31st day of March of the following year, in respect whereof financial statement of the company or body corporate is made up:
Provided that on an application made by a company or body corporate, which is a holding company or a subsidiary or associate company of a company incorporated outside India and is required to follow a different financial year for consolidation of its accounts outside India, the Tribunal may, if it is satisfied, allow any period as its financial year, whether or not that period is a year:
Provided further that a company or body corporate, existing on the commencement of this Act, shall, within a period of two years from such commencement, align its financial year as per the provisions of this clause
Provided also that in case of a Specified IFSC public company, which is a subsidiary of a foreign company, the financial year of the subsidiary may be same as the financial year of its holding company and approval of the Tribunal shall not be required.
Provided also that in case of a Specified IFSC private company, which is a subsidiary of a foreign company, the financial year of the subsidiary may be same as the financial year of its holding company and approval of the Tribunal shall not be required.
Provided that— (a) the instruments referred to in Chapter III-D of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934; and
(b) such other instrument, as may be prescribed by the Central Government in consultation with Reserve Bank of India, issued by a company,
2(87) Subsidiary Company or Subsidiary, in relation to any other company (that is to say the holding company), means a company in which the holding company—
(ii) exercises or controls more than one-half of the total voting power either at its own or together with one or more of its subsidiary companies:
Provided that such class or classes of holding companies as may be prescribed shall not have layers of subsidiaries beyond such numbers as may be prescribed.
(a) a company shall be deemed to be a subsidiary company of the holding company even if the control referred to in sub-clause (i) or sub-clause (ii) is of another subsidiary company of the holding company;
(b) the composition of a company’s Board of Directors shall be deemed to be controlled by another company if that other company by exercise of some power exercisable by it at its discretion can appoint or remove all or a majority of the directors;
2(52) Listed company means a company which has any of its securities listed on any recognised stock exchange
2(82) Securities and Exchange Board means the Securities and Exchange Board of India established under section 3 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992)
2(8) Authorised Capital means such capital as is authorised by the memorandum of a company to be the maximum amount of share capital of the company
2(2) Accounting Standards means the standards of accounting or any addendum thereto for companies or class of companies referred to in section 133.
Refer rule 21 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. To view the rule,Click Here
2(17) Chartered Accountant means a chartered accountant as defined in clause (b) of sub-section (1) of section 2 of the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 (38 of 1949) who holds a valid certificate of practice under sub-section (1) of section 6 of that Act
2(28) Cost Accountant, means a cost accountant as defined in clause (b) of sub-section (1) of section 2 of the Cost and Works Accountants Act, 1959 and who holds a valid certificate of practice under sub-section (1) of section 6 of that Act;
2(25) Company Secretary in Practice means a company secretary who is deemed to be in practice under sub-section (2) of section 2 of the Company Secretaries Act, 1980 (56 of 1980)
2(59) Officer includes any director, manager or key managerial personnel or any person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the Board of Directors or any one or more of the directors is or are accustomed to act
Provided that a company which is a subsidiary of a company, not being a private company, shall be deemed to be public company for the purposes of this Act even where such subsidiary company continues to be a private company in its articles
18. Application for directions under section 232 of the Act.— (1) Where the compromise or arrangement has been proposed for the purposes of or in connection with a scheme for the reconstruction of any company or companies or the amalgamation of any two or more companies, and the matters involved cannot be dealt with or dealt with adequately on the petition for sanction of the compromise or arrangement, an application shall be made to the Tribunal under section 232 of the Act, by a notice of admission supported by an affidavit for directions of the Tribunal as to the proceedings to be taken.
19. Directions at hearing of application.— Upon the hearing of the notice of admission given under rule 18 or upon any adjourned hearing thereof, the Tribunal may make such order or give such directions as it may think fit, as to the proceedings to be taken for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation, as the case may be, including, where necessary, an inquiry as to the creditors of the transferor company and the securing of the debts and claims of any of the dissenting creditors in such manner as the Tribunal may think just and appropriate.
20. Order under section 232 of the Act.— An order made under section 232 read with section 230 of the Act shall be in with such variation as the circumstances may require
21. Statement of compliance in mergers and amalgamations.— For the purpose of sub-section (7) of section 232 of the Act, every company in relation to which an order is made under sub-section (3) of section 232 of the Act shall until the scheme is fully implemented, file with the Registrar of Companies, the statement in along with such fee as specified in the Companies (Registration Offices and Fees) Rules, 2014 within two hundred and ten days from the end of each financial year.
Concise, critical reviews of books, exhibitions, and projects in all areas and periods of art history and visual studies
Copyright © 2018 College Art Association. Reviews and essays are licensed to the public under a under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
After realizing how the game of basketball has shifted, and how guys like him aren’t quite as in-demand at the next level anymore, Kaleb Wesson has plenty to prove this year. Wesson got his Ohio State ...
Tennessee football recruiting: Vols in top three for 4-star athlete Zion ... now you have a fanbase of grown men and women protesting to keep Urban Meyer as the football coach for Ohio State Universit...
Increase exposure to homeowners through NARI’s advertising and communications program with Better Home & Gardens’ Remodel magazine, the official consumer magazine of NARI.
Increase exposure to homeowners through NARI’s advertising and communications program with Home Improvement Magazine.
Increase exposure to homeowners on NARI’s "Search for a Remodeler" on its website www.remodeltoday.com
Enrich your clients’ knowledge with content for your use in client newsletters and your promo materials.
Increase your company's efficiency with business tips via NARI's bi-monthly magazine and e-newsletter.
Save money with NARI’s discounted consumer marketing tools, including "How to Select a Remodeling Professional" and "Protect Your Family From Lead" guides.
Increase your market exposure by joining NARI’s Spokesperson Network, entailing answering media questions on areas of your specific expertise.
Increase your professional credibility with membership in the only independent association dedicated to the remodeling industry.
Compete for NARI’s prestigious Contractor of the Year Awards, which gains your company credibility in the marketplace.
Discounted consumer marketing tools, including "How to Select a Remodeling Professional" and "Protect Your Family From Lead" guides
Increased professional credibility with membership in the only independent association dedicated to the remodeling industry
Networking events on the local and national level, including two national Board Meetings and the "Evening of Excellence".
2 verified Canadian Pharmacy Meds coupons and promo codes as of Jun Canadian Pharmacy Meds Coupon & Promo Codes. 2 verified offers for Chemist 4 U Discount Code.
Getting Discounts on Pfizer Medications. In today's economy, finding great coupon deals on an assortment of Pfizer products is a valuable way to save money.
Compare prescription drug prices and find coupons at more than 60,000 US pharmacies. Save up to 80% instantly!
Discount Coupons For Generic Viagra - best choice! 100% Secure and Anonymous. Low Prices, 24/7 online support, available with World Wide Delivery. Effective treatment for erectile dysfunction regardless of the cause or duration of the problem or the age of the patient, viagra discount coupons generic for
Compare Viagra prices, print discount coupons, find manufacturer promotions and details on available patient assistance programs.
Save up to 80% on your pharmacy prescriptions with our free drug discount card, accepted at over 65,000 pharmacies nationwide. Print, Email, or Download.
Discount Coupons For Generic Viagra: AccessRxUSA helps you with ordering Generic Viagra, no doctor needed, security gate for banking cards, fast support and very fast delivery! discount for generic viagra coupons Best choice for online order.
Before you buy Viagra, compare the best prices on Viagra from licensed, top-rated pharmacies in the U.S., Canada, and internationally. Viagra Discount Coupon 2017-2018.
Discount Coupons For Generic Viagra - best choice! 100% Secure and Anonymous. Low Prices, 24/7 online support, available with World Wide Delivery. Effective treatment for erectile dysfunction regardless of the cause or duration of the problem or the age of the patient, discount coupons for generic viagra
| Discounts🔥 |. Prices & Discounts, Reviews & Info discount coupons on viagra Price is special in this period.. Check Price »
Search our free drug discount coupons for 10,000+ different prescriptions. Get Rx discounts instantly at over 65,000 pharmacies nationwide!
| Up to 30% Off🔥 |. Price is special in this period. discount coupons on viagra We offer products that help you solve your health problems.. Check Price »
Viagra Coupons & Offers. Click through to find the latest coupons and offers from Viagra, which in the past have included 50% off a year-long supply and a free trial offer.
Sun, 30 Oct 2016 Free movietures tumblr twink of naked snapchat twink gay emo guys Shayne Green is one of those cool
Get Free movietures tumblr twink of naked snapchat twink gay emo guys Shayne Green is one of those cool tube video
Mon, 05 Sep 2016 Emo boy tumblr twink penis growing snapchat twink in sleep gay full length Shayne Green is one of
Mon, 25 Jul 2016 Gay emo tumblr twink bdsm porn snapchat twink We got another one for ya! His name is Adam and it's
Get Gay emo tumblr twink bdsm porn snapchat twink We got another one for ya! His name is Adam and it's tube video
Wed, 19 Oct 2016 Old fucks tumblr twink young gay snapchat twink sex movies Shane Frost is one of those jock boys who
Thu, 15 Dec 2016 Boy in tumblr twink football shorts snapchat twink gay porn Axel is one of those straight fellows who
Get Boy in tumblr twink football shorts snapchat twink gay porn Axel is one of those straight fellows who tube video
Sun, 25 Dec 2016 Young boys tumblr twink model gay snapchat twink porn Axel is one of those straight folks who isn't
Get Young boys tumblr twink model gay snapchat twink porn Axel is one of those straight folks who isn't tube video
Wed, 25 Jan 2017 Gay sex tumblr twink twink crush snapchat twink Mark is such a jaw-dropping youthfull man, it's no
Get Gay sex tumblr twink twink crush snapchat twink Mark is such a jaw-dropping youthfull man, it's no tube video
Sat, 27 Aug 2016 Gay man tumblr twink fucking goats snapchat twink video Kyler Moss is undoubtedly one of those bottom
Get Gay man tumblr twink fucking goats snapchat twink video Kyler Moss is undoubtedly one of those bottom tube video
Fri, 16 Dec 2016 Pics of tumblr twink gay twinks snapchat twink in underwear Erik Reese is so jaw-dropping that not
Get Pics of tumblr twink gay twinks snapchat twink in underwear Erik Reese is so jaw-dropping that not tube video
Tue, 30 Aug 2016 Videos de tumblr twink emo boys snapchat twink gay Hot southern fellow Tyler is undoubtedly one of
admin Posted on: March 25th, 2016 Getting Serious, Gymnastics Parenting, Skills and Technique1 Comment
About four weeks before the state meet every year, the phone starts ringing off the hook and the calendar starts booking so tightly that to get a private lesson is nearly impossible. There are some very simple guidelines you can follow when you are considering private lessons because they are truly an investment in your child.
Does your gym allow you to do lessons at other gyms? Are you only allowed to do lessons with your child’s coach or can you hire any of the coaches in your gym?
Know what the coach’s background is before you hire them. Are they the best person for the job? Is your kiddo struggling on balance beam and if so, perhaps you should hire a coach whose specialty is beam. You should always look at it as the best interest of the child and if you do not hire your athlete’s coach, explain to them in person that your intention is to make the best possible match.
You typically get what you pay for, and private lessons can cost between $25-$75 an hour. If you consider what you’re getting, it’s one-on-one attention to teach and/or fix specific skills, details, dance or problem areas which is invaluable. The real question is whether or not your daughter can retain, generalize and reuse the information provided in each lesson.
Once you have hired a coach, make sure you are on the same page about what you hope to accomplish and in what timeframe. At the end of each lesson, try to chat with your coach briefly to check in and see how it went.
If your daughter is learning, making progress and is enjoying the lessons, you can be sure that you have hired a good coach. Oppositely, if your kiddo has been to four lessons with little or no progress then you should check in with the coach and if you cannot agree on a solution, DON’T CONTINUE PRIVATE LESSONS. It’s time to move on.
To see that the time is being used appropriately. Private lessons should be continuous hard work since they are 30-60 minutes of a non-stop workout for one athlete. Look for drills, hands-on coaching, intensity and repetition. If your coach is on the phone, checking Instagram, chatting or being lazy with your kiddo then you need to find a new coach.
Coaches will often book lessons back-to-back, and when a client doesn’t show up and doesn’t call, that slot sits empty when it could have filled if the coach had simply known beforehand. Send a text or call at least two hours in advance if possible, as a courtesy.
Since private lessons are so expensive, it’s okay to negotiate a package deal. Sometimes coaches will give you a better price if you purchase a set of four or eight at a time. If one lesson is $40 an hour, ask if they will sell you eight for $250?
Don’t wait until the last minute to begin private lessons because the nature of gymnastics is not to learn skills in a short amount of time. True body awareness and learning take time and repetition, so a few short weeks is not realistic.
Do you really have to hire her gym coach that she goes to? Can I get another coach from another gym, like out of town?
Salutations A congregation of indie developers are selling a part of their games which includes some of the biggest extemporaneous games on the market. Gamers can pinpoint their own payment—from 1c to $1,000—pro a assembly of games that would agree to the john to be appropriate to round $80 if sold separately. Anyone who buys the containerize can go to variety one's memory thither themselves as accurately; customers can send any amount of their purchases to two ascendant nonprofit groups. The sellathon, nicknamed the &quot;Simple Pile up&quot; within reach the studios muddle-headed, is certainly epic. The games included in the mix are Area of Goo, Gish, Lugaru, Aquaria, and Penumbra Overture. Each of these titles has proven to be a concentrated birch, and the event that five analyse studios are working together to attribute d kill out them clinch by to gamers in behalf of be that as it may much they have a mind to diminish is unusual. As Jeff Rosen of Wolfire explained to Ars in a up to rendezvous audience, the close-knit contain a intuition of community in the halfway point indie developers is large trusty as a utility to the trade's existence.
$ 49.99 The 42100 Universal Router Plate Insert has a standard size opening and ring opening, adjusting and leveling set screws and several accessories.
$ 39.00 The 43122 Router Table Top is 23-1/2 in. X 27 in. X 1 in. thick in MDF with melamine on both sides and can be used as a wing on all 27 in. table saws or be located on a suitable or custom made stand or cabinet.
$ 13.99 Place this self-aligning chisel up against each mortise corner, and hammer the spring-loaded chisel shaft once to cut a perfect 90
$ 10.00 The 42040 Router Mat gives you hands free routing capability to focus on detailed trim work; no-slip, open-weave surface allows sawdust to filter through - hundreds of shop and household uses.
Grant "Twiggy" Baker and Sean Payne ripping on of the best lefts in the world, a secret location in Namibia. You will see some of the longest barrels ever in this clip. Keep watching it gets better and better...
Delivery Date*: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Wednesday, November 14, 2018 Thursday, November 15, 2018 Friday, November 16, 2018 Saturday, November 17, 2018 Sunday, November 18, 2018 ONLY BOGOTA, MEDELLIN, CALI AND BARRANQUILLA Monday, November 19, 2018 Tuesday, November 20, 2018 Wednesday, November 21, 2018 Thursday, November 22, 2018 Friday, November 23, 2018 Saturday, November 24, 2018 Sunday, November 25, 2018 ONLY BOGOTA, MEDELLIN, CALI AND BARRANQUILLA Monday, November 26, 2018 Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Wednesday, November 28, 2018 Thursday, November 29, 2018 Friday, November 30, 2018
Passenger car brakes are components under high thermal loads. Good ventilation of the brake components and achieving adequate cooling behavior are therefore crucial. The thermal design of the braking system plays a significant role when
considering the reliability of braking performance. The directed airflow into the wheelhouse can be in conflict with the aerodynamics of the entire vehicle.
Although winter boots and snow boots often go hand in hand, there are some distinct differences between the two. True winter snow boots will have a variety of distinct features that simple winter boots may not have, however. Snow boots are meant to not only keep feet warm and dry, but they must also be durable enough to crunch through snowy conditions. This means that they must have solid insulation built into the boot. Snow boots can be heavier than other types of boots, and are designed for direct content with cold, wet elements.
On the other hand, regular boots may only be designed to keep feet warm or look stylish in the winter months. True winter snow boots will be somewhat rugged to achieve these multiple purposes. They are designed to keep feet warm, but they will also be durable. They are designed so that you can stand or walk through snow for prolonged periods of time. Many manufacturers of these snow boots issue ratings so that you know just how cold it can get for you to keep wearing the boots without getting frostbite. These can be worn by serious mountaineers as well as those who simply have to commute in the winter in areas with lots of snow.
It's recommended that the best winter snow boots extend past the hem of your pants, above your ankle if possible. The correct height will depend on how high snow gets in the region where you live, however. Some people will only need to have proper snow boots to wear once or twice a year, while others will need the type of investment that will withstand serious expeditions or a very long winter full of waist high snow. In either case, be sure to look at other accessories to protect you from the elements, such as snow pants as well.
The soles of the best winter snow boots will be made from a completely waterproof material, such as vinyl or rubber. These should have treads on them so that you don't slip and fall in wet and slippery conditions. This can also make it easier to keep your snow boots clean. Just because snow boots are designed to be highly functional doesn't mean that you have to sacrifice all sense of style to wear them. There is a wide range of different colours, styles, and sizes to choose from when you are looking at the top snow boots this winter.
Well, the only thing more beautiful than the setting was the bride. As some of you may know I am teaching a wedding and bridal class at the Botanical Gardens. For a field trip, I let the class in on a special treat- shooting the the Alabama Theater! I have shot there before, but just […]
Ok, so Michael doesn’t really have a band, per se… I was messing around outside with shooting into the sun and using a flash off camera. (gotta love those pocket wizards.) and had big plans to shoot a fun shot of my three year old. Well, that didn’t happen. NO cooperation there!! So, Michael, who […]
Miss AK was the sweetest little thing. She is such a people person. We did a lovely session at the Botanical Gardens during one of our gorgeous days last week! It’s days like that, that get me through the winter! You can tell she is her mommy and grandmother’s world. A very much loved little […]
Well, I have had a personal page for a while, but now I have a business page as well. The first new customer to become a fan will get a free sitting fee. Here is the link to the business page
I cannot believe how much this girl has grown up! She is just too pretty! Wanted to share some of my favs
Buy your own copy of the "Toomer's Corner TP Tunnel" from the Auburn Tigers BCS National Championship Win here.
Wallpaper Title: French Provincial Bedroom Furniture For Sale	admin − February 26, 2014 Bedroom Furniture
French Provincial Bedroom Furniture For Sale is a wallpaper for pc desktop,laptop or gadget. French Provincial Bedroom Furniture For Sale is part of the collection of High Quality HD wallpapers. French Provincial Bedroom Furniture For Sale was with Tags: . You can download French Provincial Bedroom Furniture For Sale for free. Finally don't forget to share and help us to grow.
EPM 11 is a reporting tool on Campus that allows you to run reports against some of the Administrative systems on campus. You need to be granted access to this tool and an account to the Administrative System you are reporting against – example Banner.
You will log into EPM11 / Hyperion from the ASAP links you download from the Software Center. Once connected to ASAP there are links to the EPM11 Reporting Tool:
Once you open the Production link you will see a log in page where you need to enter your Bucknell / Network Username and Password. When you log in you should see a list of folders and reports you have been granted access to. Contact the department that granted you access to their reports if you have questions how to run these. The reports will require you to use the Administrative systems username and password you were assigned. Example – the password you sign into Banner with which is not the same as your Bucknell / Network Username and Password.
April 15, 2010 Posted by Iris Classon at 4:02 pm Uncategorized Tagged with: toilet philosophy No Responses »
After so many intensive weeks my brain has shut down – well parts of it anyway, so today I don’t have anything particularly smart to say. Instead I thought I would discuss something called toilet philosophy. Even at my school, in the medical department, the students can’t refrain from testing their graffiti skills and poetry […]
Guinness Brewery Dublin Art Guinness Brewery Dublin Ireland Art Guinness Brewery is a brewery founded in 1759 in Dublin, Ireland, by Arthur Guinness. Originally leased in 1759 to Arthur Guinness at
Guinness Brewery Dublin Ireland Art Guinness Brewery is a brewery founded in 1759 in Dublin, Ireland, by Arthur Guinness. Originally leased in 1759 to Arthur Guinness at £45 per year for 9,000 year
Grafton Street Dublin Grafton Street is one of the two principal shopping streets in Dublin city centre, the other being Henry Street. It runs from Saint Stephen’s Green in the south to College
Grafton Street Dublin Art Grafton Street is one of the two principal shopping streets in Dublin city centre, the other being Henry Street. It runs from Saint Stephen’s Green in the south to Coll
Glendalough County Wicklow Art Glendalough is a glacial valley in County Wicklow, Ireland, renowned for an Early Medieval monastic settlement founded in the 6th century by St Kevin. Wikipedia �
Glendalough Print Glendalough is a glacial valley in County Wicklow, Ireland, renowned for an Early Medieval monastic settlement founded in the 6th century by St Kevin. Wikipedia
Dublin Castle Print Dublin Castle off Dame Street, Dublin, Ireland, was until 1922 the seat of the United Kingdom government’s administration in Ireland, and is now a major Irish government comp
Temple Bar is an area on the south bank of the River Liffey in central Dublin, Ireland. The area is bounded by the Liffey to the north, Dame Street to the south, Westmoreland Street to the east and Fi
Temple Bar Dublin Print Temple Bar is an area on the south bank of the River Liffey in central Dublin, Ireland. The area is bounded by the Liffey to the north, Dame Street to the south, Westmoreland S
Taaffes Bar Galway City has always been know as a GAA pub in the heart of Galway City with a very strong traditional Irish music history. This print of Galway City is ready to frame. Giclee
The Brazen Head is officially Ireland’s oldest pub, dating back to 1198. While it is unclear how much of the original 11th century coach house is still intact, there is a palpable sense of histo
Irish Art Shop offers a range of best selling prints all available to buy online. More scenes being added daily...
When “Schindler’s list” first came out I lived in London. I was meeting a good friend and major movie buff that day. Over the years together, we had watched all sorts of Iranian, Afghan, Icelandic or alternative South Pole native penguin films. I had even enjoyed some of them. He is as far from Hollywood movie wise as you can put someone. But he must have heard something good about it from someone he trusts more than me, so he graciously came along.
At the end of the movie he had to admit it was pretty good. Or “not as bad as I expected it” in his words. Since then Spielberg has moved on a lot. In fact I credit this entire genre to him. “Didactic movies which are made with enormous attention to detail and a ridiculous amount of research but are actually watchable and entertaining too while standing on their own as films too.” Since “Saving Private Ryan” it has become a trend. “Band of Brothers” or the Pacific adventures of the US army in WW2 on TV were simply mind blowing in the amount of work involved. I wish we had Greek film directors as able in “good” propaganda like this. From Byzantium to more recent history, we need the good Press urgently!
Movies with a message can get pretty tiring. These weren’t. OK, some of them overdid the appeal to emotions, flags, flashbacks and old men standing in front of graves. (All of which worked with me by the way, I cried like a baby through most of all that!) Often American propaganda films are just too heavy handed. Spielberg though, has it all figured out. He doesn’t need to whore himself or the cast in the pre-film publicity. Bridge of Spies is not only the great director back in form, but the whole PR machine being sensitive about it too.
Ah, and the film. Instantly attention grabbing shots, great character material. Even if you don’t get caught in the plot you have to admire the technical aspects. As the story unfolds you figure it out: the Cold War is still relevant. From Gitmo to Putin, these issues are still very much alive and important. Not a fan of Tom Hanks, but luckily the great director doesn’t let him “do a Tom Hanks” all over his scenes. Most of it is keen, sharp and to the point.
I clicked on the “Date” category because I assume that for some couples this is “heavy” and “serious”. In any case, if you don’t know much about this era, it would give you something to talk about over dinner. Which is precisely why I give it 7 out of 10 (if you haven’t got a clue) or 6 out of 10 for the rest of us. All those hours with Alex watching arty farty movies allows me a certain amount of snobbery, eh?
accessories for bathroom shelves bathroom decor new best bathroom shelving ideas ideas for with regard to ideas for bathroom shelves prepare bathroom accessories glass shelf.
bathroom accessories glass shelf open shelving in decor corner shower storage,bathroom accessories shower storage glass corner shelf shelves metal durable hair dryer holder bracket,bathroom accessories shelves glass shelf new qualified suction hair dryer rack wall holder shower,3 tier bathroom accessories shelves shower storage glass shelf decor for the,house decor for bathroom towels accessories shower shelves glass shelf,bathroom shelves set accessories glass shelf shower brass for tempered,bathroom accessories shower storage shelves single corner angle basket shelf,bathroom accessories shower storage glass corner shelf the most awesome for shelves pertaining to,bathroom accessories glass shelves shower shelf house decor for towels set,bathroom accessories shower shelf glass corner best small ideas images on shelves.
$50 piece of plastic, NASA spacecraft instructions, putting the wheels on wrong - twice - despite reading afore mentioned instructions leading to much frustration...look on Gabey's face when Cozy Coupe has been assembled and he is ready to ride - PRICELESS!
Seriously, I have been wanting a Cozy Coupe since Ella was little. When we lived in Memphis our friend Caroline had one (with a broken axle but it was fun none the less). (Still one of my saddest days was when I saw her old car in the trash pile!) Anyway, back to I always wanted one - 3 children later here it is! Gabe loves it so much that we have had to bring it inside for him to ride - okay he just gets in and out of it over and over and over...Thanks Nana and Pepaw for the gift card to WalMart!
That is too cute! You should see the Walmart kids country kitchen, I think you have inspired a post, however, it is still in the box in the garage from Sailors birthday back in Aug.
So glad the coupe is all together. We started out with the car inside as well & I am sure it will return this winter. It is a GREAT toy with hours of entertainment. Glad Gabe likes his car.
grow light cost calculator however when we consider light output has already exceeded per watt in the lab like most electronics continue to increase in grow light cost calculator uk.
led grow light full spectrum hydroponics cost calculator uk, led grow light reviews best cost calculator uk,how to calculate kilowatts used by light bulbs 7 steps grow cost calculator uk, grow light cost calculator uk indoor lights, grow light cost calculator uk power consumption led lights vs,grow light cost calculator uk high brightness led,grow light cost calculator uk how much marijuana can one plant produce a pound, power consumption led grow lights vs light cost calculator uk, how to yield more from the same grow lights blog about cannabis seeds light cost calculator uk,grow light cost calculator uk how much does electricity for growing cannabis indoors.
No other science is maybe so universal and exact as mathematics. That makes it a versatile and unequalled medium for thinking. The many applications of mathematics and informatics are described in Opgelost [Solved], the popular book from the National Research Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science (CWI) that was presented on 16 November 2006. Opgelost has been written by science journalist Bennie Mols and is being published to mark CWI's sixtieth anniversary.
Why is a computer able to perform calculations far faster than a human but a human able to recognise faces much better? How reliable is the evidence for a murder? Is there a perfect electoral system? How does a search engine find what you are looking for? And is there a mathematics of love? These are just a few of the dozens of practical questions considered in Opgelost and that mathematics and informatics can answer.
Opgelost shows how mathematics and informatics are used in, for example, sport, games, politics, economics, industry, forensic techniques, music and the visual arts. The richly illustrated and easy to read book is suitable for everyone who is interested in mathematics and informatics and their applications.
Each chapter in Opgelost has a number of set sections, including do-it-yourself (for example, a puzzle or a murder mystery), an unsolved problem from mathematics and an interview with an expert. The experts describe their favourite mathematical formulas. These formulas vary from very simple to highly complex.
The CWI is an institute of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO). The publication of Opgelost was financed by the NWO/Spinoza Award of Prof. Lex Schrijver, mathematician at the CWI and the Universiteit van Amsterdam. He received the NWO/Spinoza Award last year, the highest scientific distinction in the Netherlands, for his work on combinatorial mathematics and algorithms. According to Schrijver, mathematics can best be compared to oxygen. If it is there, you do not notice it. Yet if it were not there, you notice that you cannot do without it.
Travel blog for wanderlusters featuring travel inspiration, travel advice & tips and travel photographs. Helping you get lost in this beautiful world.
If you are planning a wedding, attending a bridal show is a great way to help you find the perfect vendors for your special day. So, to make sure you get the most out of your show experience, we at Bridal Spectacular like to arm you with all the tools and information you will need, including these three great tips for what not to do when attending your first Bridal Show!
DON’T waste time — make your time more efficient by only talking to the vendors you still need and don’t waste time talking to ones that you have already booked.
DON’T start your conversation by asking how much a vendor charges because the less expensive vendor may not be the best fit for you or your wedding goals. Instead, start the conversation by asking what makes the vendor different.
DON’T be close-minded — Be open to new ideas. Look at everything you have not purchased yet and you may find something that you like even better than your original plan.
Ready to go? Be sure to save-the-date for our Bridal Spectacular Veils & Vino Show where you can meet Las Vegas’ top wedding vendors in person! Receive $4.50 off admission when you buy tickets online with promo code: BLOG2018. Click here for tickets and show details.
Gould Autoplates and Signs Ltd, Blackfriars Road, Nailsea, Bristol, BS48 4DJ | ISO 9001:2015 Certified
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra), a Fitch Group company, has revised upwards India’s GDP growth forecast to 7.4 per cent for 2018-19 from 7.1 per cent projected earlier, a top official said.
The upward revision has been prompted by expected higher growth in industrial output, normal monsoon and better performance in the agriculture sector, Devendra Kumar Pant, Chief Economist and Senior Director (Public Finance), Ind-Ra.
The Rubber Board and the stakeholder associations are jointly organising the India Rubber Meet 2018 (IRM 2018), the fourth edition in the series in Kochi on August 30 and 31.
The meet will have representation from all segments of the rubber industry. IRM is a regular forum for interaction, networking and exchange of information.
State-run Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited (GNFC) started its socio-economic Neem Project, inaugurated by Union Minister Smriti Irani Kathaura – Jagdishpur in Amethi District on Friday.
GNFC intends to collect 8,000 to 10,000 MT Neem seeds from the State. It is estimated to provide additional income of Rs 12-15 crore for over one lakh rural woman from 2,500 villages in the State.
Haryana soon to give relax to the undergraduate students as it is going to introduce a unique way which will bring a smile on their faces that is Choice based credit system (CBCS). The Haryana government said it has decided to introduce choice-based credit system (CBCS) and also revise the syllabus and workload in eleven subjects at the under-graduation level “in keeping with global scenario”. The subjects are economics, political science, psychology, mathematics, physics, chemistry, computer science, botany, zoology, commerce, and geography, said an official spokesperson of the higher education department. They would review the existing syllabi in the universities of Haryana, the neighboring states as well as the model curriculum of UGC to make an assessment of the workload and evolve choice-based credit system.
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) launched new products such as pre-approved credit card and UPI solution to mark its 124th foundation day. Besides, the bank announced its UPI partnership with the expense management app WALNUT that comes embedded with features such as bill reminders, bill-split and instant paperless loan
IB Security Assistant Complete Free Study Material PDF Free Download Now SSC CGL,CPO,GD 2018 Study …
Posted by Shipcode at 2.6.11 Labels: carders, crackers, credit card hacking, Dalnet, Filipino, information insemination, IRC, philcarder, phishing, pinoy hackers, RAT, script kiddie, wanted hackers
On February 7, 2011 a user uploaded a video entitled "Pinoy Hackers Confession 2004". From the title itself this documentary video was dated in the year 2004.
This video clip is from Loren Legarda's Real Life Stories TV Program which I am not so familiar with. I was still on my sixth grade then at that time. I am not sure if you are familiar with this documentary video but if you are an infosec enthusiast, this is worth watching for.
This documentary video is a story about two Internet Relay Chat (IRC) users in Dalnet who are not only chatters but are associated with pinoy underground groups, namely #philcarder, #asianpride and #phteam to name a few and also a guy named Henry who is a cracker.
Carding is a term for theft and fraud using a credit card (CC) in order to purchase goods, gadgets, shirts, etc. Tamby explained that he got the full credit card details from another IRC user who posted the CC details of an American credit card owner. Tamby also showed how he ordered and received his shipment without being caught.
The second video is another carder named Michael who finished two computer courses - Computer Science and Computer Engineering.
He didn't have much to show but explained that he does scamming, phishing and also carding. Michael not only pawns people's accounts, he also sells the goods he purchased online.
He’s a linux user and was frequently on IRC channel #philcarder. This same channel is also featured on this video clip.
The third video is another cracker named Henry. He was branded here as a computer wizard because he monitors other people's computer and mobile phones. Yeah, you read me right! He also RATs cellphones.
This video was documented in 2004 and it has been three years since the Love Bug (I Love You Virus) incident of Onel de Guzman.
The first two people showed the capabilities of some IRC users in Dalnet which is common on IRC chat rooms. What struck me most is the third person who RATs another computer and mobile phones.
To date, the NBI has been tracking carders but there has been no luck lately. This kind of people still exists today and in fact younger people are starting to get hooked up with this dilemma. I bet you have just read the story of a 14 year old boy who was hired by Microsoft.
Still, I don't like to brand them as l337 hackers but IRC enthusiasts and people who cracks out of curiosity. Ordinary users would call them hackers but if you pack them all together, they are just ordinary people like me and you.
What you see in this clip could not be branded as real hacking because hacking is more than just what is shown here.
Hacking is more than what you can acquire physically. Hacking is when you advance yourself to learn more about the intricacies of technology and you help people secure themselves from these prying eyes on cyberspace.
Please comment on this blog at our ROOTCON Forum. We all learn from each other when your views and opinions are shared.
Please join us on September 9 - 10, 2011. Venue will be at Parklane International Hotel, Cebu City, Philippines.
Early bird registration is until June 30, 2011. For more info about the registration click here. Check also the list of our seminar tracks and bio of our speakers.
ROOTCON is an independent conference, not owned or controlled by any vendors, the speakers don’t have to “stay on message” – and it’s not a marketing event.
ROOTCON goes beyond the sessions with independent experts that focuses on what works in the real world. That means the experts give the straight scoop on how to workaround any limitations and manage network security wisely.
Shipcode is an InfoSec enthusiast from Cebu. During his high school days he was just an ordinary script kiddie. He loves to search for web exploits and other issues concerning network / wireless security.
All rights reserved. Designated trademarks, brands and articles are the property of their respective owners.
1. wifite wifite is a mass WEP/WPA WiFi Cracker that is coded in python which makes cracking WIFI passwords and security easier, it uses ...
As a programming student, security researcher and a blogger; I always keep up to date about what is happening in cyber space by reading inf...
SQL injection is one of the most chronic threats in websites today. There are many kinds of SQL injection techniques like the use of union ...
Proxy servers can be used with any application that supports the use of proxies (e.g. web browsers). They can be used to bypass firewalls...
With the help of open source tools, penetration testing can now be conducted easier (although it can also be hard sometimes :p ) and cheape...
This year's ROOTCON is much awesome with our selected tracks and carefully planned activities. April 1, 2012 we are pleased to announc...
SQLmap is one of the most common used tools for web application penetration testing because it is open source and automates an sql injec...
ROOTCON 10 Teaser from ROOT CON on Vimeo . ROOT CON started with only less than 20 humans, as years pass by we grew and grew, this...
Tagaytay Bits Tagaytay - is a popular destination of residents of Metro Manila primarily because of its mild climate and dramatic s...
"Why can’t we have our own hacker event for the university students too? " This is one of the questions I asked to semprix...
\ Escaping any letter within the property name which isn't in the range a-f, A-F, 0-9 will hide that rule from IE 5.x,
Where the version-minorversion-subversion can be appended to target a layout issue in a specific browser. This would sure make things simpler, IMHO.
WOW ! Bling for your dog !! Swarovski crystal doghouse? You must be rich to get one of these for your pet !! :O
Ok this James Island SC home for sale is not one to miss if you are looking to live in James Island! This is a beautiful home with a large private lot on a cul-de-sac. Not only does this James Island home show like new but the kitchen has been totally remodeled with Sile stone Quartz counter tops, new cabinets, smooth top range and built-in microwave. The 21 x 14 screened porch leads to a large deck and patio. Great for entertaining. Central HVAC is being added to FROG. A new roof and HVAC where installed new in 2005. For the price you should consider this gem in James Island SC. So weather you are looking for a home for sale on James Island or anywhere in the tri-county area just pick up the phone and give me a call and we can get this ball rolling !!
Bare Bones just doesn’t get it. Don’t they understand they’d probably sell a lot more copies of Mailsmith (me, included) if they added IMAP support? They keep coming out with update after update after update and every last one of them invariably ends up with comments on all the various Mac software trackers saying, “Still no IMAP support.”
Current section description: Aqua Hotel and Suites offers an array of modern deluxe rooms, suites, and a loft penthouse – providing the ultimate comfort, exceptional service, and much more. Immerse in a unique South Beach experience day in and day out in Aqua Miami Beach Hotel
Our hotel is fully committed to offer all of our guests the utmost comfort and services. Please be aware that the Aqua Hotel is a designated historic structure and a qualified historic building under the ADA. As such, we are unable to provide full accessibility even while complying with the ADA’s requirements. If you require a fully accessible hotel, please feel free to check our sister properties / hotels in the area that do cover your needs at http://decocollection.us/hotels-usa/
Aqua Hotel is committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of its Website, https://aquamiami.com/ (the “Website”), for persons with sensory disabilities. To accomplish this, Aqua Hotel will be implementing over time the relevant portions of the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level AA (“WCAG 2.0 AA”) as its web accessibility standard, which will also bring the Website into further conformance with the Section 508 Web Accessibility Standards developed by the United States Access Board. Further, our Website will be tested on a periodic basis with assistive technology such as screen readers and screen magnifiers, and with users with disabilities who use these technologies.
Until such time as our electronic media upgrades are complete, if you have difficulty accessing any our website, apps or intranet to attain information or for any other purpose please contact info@aquamiami.com or +1 305.538.4361 and one of our representatives will be able to assist you.
All guests in room must be 18 years are older unless parent/legal guardian is staying in the same room.
Credit card required for check-in, no cash deposits accepted. We will authorize your credit card at check in for up to $100 per stay in addition to nightly room rate. We HIGHLY discourage the use of a check cards or debit card. Your issuing bank may not release authorization hold for up to 10 banking days. The credit card used to book the reservation must be presented at time of check-in, as well as the credit card holder.
A mandatory daily resort fee of $10.00 (subject to applicable lodging tax) will be added to the guest room account and includes the following: High speed internet access, incoming faxes, local calls, beach towels, beach chairs, on-site parking and continental breakfast.
Room occupancy is recommended not to exceed maximum persons allowed on every type of room. Each additional guest is $20 per night using existing bedding – rollaway beds are not provided.
Cancellations must be made at least 3 days prior to arrival in order to avoid a full stay penalty, but not to exceed 3 night’s room & tax. For example, a cancellation penalty for a 2 night stay will be 2 nights’ room and tax. A cancellation penalty for a 5 night stay will be 3 nights’ room and tax. **Holiday and Special Events require a non-refundable prepayment 30 days prior to arrival. No early departures are allowed. Reservations are completely non-refundable within 30 days of arrival. Events include but are not limited to: New Year’s (12/26 to 1/3), Boat Show (2/12 to 2/16), Winter Music Conference & Ultra (3/15 to 3/31), Memorial Day (5/21 to 5/25) & Art Basel (12/2 to 12/9).**
Aqua Hotel (the “Company") is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how it collects, uses and discloses your Personal Information. This policy covers the Company websites (the “Websites") and Services (as defined below) and is applicable to the Company and all of its hotels. This Privacy Policy informs you as to how the Company looks after your Personal Information and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. By providing Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Customer satisfaction and the confidence entrusted by our customers are our most valuable resources. For this reason, Aqua Hotel protects all the data it manages and offers utmost respect for its customers’ rights.
For this reason, we need you to let us know about your preferences regarding the processing of your data for commercial purposes, as well as to inform you about our updated privacy policy, which you can find below:
• We process the data supplied by our customers and users in order to provide the requested services, to fulfill our legal obligations, to improve the quality of our services and to send commercial communications. This is based on an existing contractual relationship, current legislation and our legitimate interest in reviewing and promoting our services.
• We develop commercial profiles from your data in order to offer you customized attention and to send exclusive offers and promotions that are adapted to your profile.
• We only transfer our customers’ data when legally obligated, with your prior consent or to companies within the same group for administrative reasons, or when it is necessary in order to provide the requested services.
• This data is held for the duration of your relationship with us and always for the legal periods and time needed to attend to possible liabilities. Data processed for commercial purposes will be stored as long as you do not request their cancellation.
• You can withdraw your consent for the personalization of our services and communications, without affecting the provision of services that you have requested from the group. Likewise, you have the right to access, change or delete data, as well as other rights.
If you do not specify your preferences, we assume that you wish for us to continue processing your data in order to provide personalized services and communications based on your commercial profile. You can withdraw consent freely at any time by simply notifying us to info@aquamiami.com
We offer free pick-up shuttle service for Miami International Airport (MIA). Shuttle pick up location is on the Second Level - Departures, Gate J, Door 28. Our shuttle fleet consists of a white van with the hotels’ logo con it.
Guests must provide the shuttle driver with printed proof of reservation in order to board the shuttle.
Due to new airport security regulations, our shuttle cannot sit at Terminal for a long period of time. While standing at the shuttle stop location please wave down our shuttle when you see it.
Please make sure to schedule your complimentary return trip to the MIA airport at least 6 hours before your departure time.
Our airport shuttle is offered on a space available basis. The Hotel is not responsible for paying for guest transportation when the shuttle bus is full or has mechanical issues.
Max talks in detail about Night Flying, the horrendous accident rate for night flight, night illusions that can lead to accidents, and how to stay safe flying at night. Garmin introduces the GDL 52, an ADS-B plus SiriusXM weather receiver.
Click here for the current listener survey. Tell us about the aviation headset you use most, what you like and dislike about it, and if you’re planning to buy a new headset.
Please visit my new Patreon page and make a contribution to help me with my goal of improving the AviationNewsTalk.com website.
Check out our recommended ADS-B receivers, and order one for yourself for Christmas. Yes, we’ll make a couple of dollars if you do.
Max flew a Cirrus SR22 from San Jose, CA to Miami. He describes the flight and a close up view of the NASA SuperGuppy. An eyewitness to the Roy Holladay accident describes the crash. A listener asks about when to fly a procedure turn at a hold depicted at the IF or intermediate fix.
43 Loss of Control Accidents: Dealing with Distractions, ADS-B Out configurations to see traffic + General Aviation News
You can now find the Aviation News Talk podcast on Spotify! Spotify is a music, podcast, and video streaming service that gives you access to millions of songs AND the Aviation News Talk podcast. Just click on the link above, or download the Spotify app on iOS and Android.
According to the NTSB, Loss of Control Accidents are the most common accident type, and distractions are a major cause. In this episode, Max talks about how to deal with distractions in the cockpit. A listener ask how to configure ADS-B Out so relevant traffic is broadcast back to a portable ADS-B receiver.
In this episode, Max reviews results of the latest listener survey on portable ADS-B receivers and revisits their limitations, namely that while they appear to show all traffic, they do not! Listeners share what they like best and least about these receivers. And Max shares the preliminary NTSB report on the Icon A5 crash that killed MLB pitcher Roy Halladay.
Click here for the listener survey. Tell us what aviation headset you use most or plan to buy, and what you like and dislike about it.
In this episode, Max reviews articles and eyewitness accounts of the Icon A5 crash that killed Roy Halladay. He then goes through the Icon A5 POH, listing its features and limitations and explains what instrument he would have included in the cockpit if he were designing the aircraft. He then discusses Icon’s Low Altitude Flying Guidelines, which Icon Aircraft released a few weeks before the accident. Finally he talks about the need to examine Icon’s marketing and training to see if there are any possible improvements that can be made.
Max talks about three recent accidents where aircraft got in trouble while flying too close to the ground. One was Cessna 172 flying low over the Mississippi river, and another was a Cirrus SR22 that hit power lines while flying an approach at night to the Lancaster, TX airport. In that incident, the passenger pulled the parachute when the plane hit the first set of line, and the parachute snagged a second set of power lines, holding the aircraft three feet above the ground.
He also talks about Night Flying Safety and in detail about black hole approaches, how they create an illusion which causes pilots to fly a curved path into the ground, and the importance of using a visual or electronic glide slope when flying over dark areas on approach to land at night.
Listener Jeff from Massachusetts recommended this episode of the Omega Tau podcast on radar, transponders, and ADS-B.
Jason explains that there is a shortage of designated pilot examiners who give checkrides, which is affecting people’s ability to schedule a checkride. He also said that if someone feels that an examiner is not conducting checkrides in accordance with the ACS, they can send comments to this FAA Email address for DPE/Practical Test Concerns.
Then he talks about the important qualification process, which occurs at the beginning of a checkride. If a student doesn’t have all the documents, correct endorsements, or hasn’t met all of the experience requirements, he or she will be going home before the checkride even starts. He explains the most common oversights he sees during the qualification process, and encourages flight instructors to have a second CFI review a pilot’s logbook and endorsements, to ensure that the pilot is qualified for the checkride, and won’t be sent home early.
38 General Aviation Risk Management, instrument rating, Red Bull, drone midair, Pilot in Command Responsibility, and more + GA News
The goal of risk management is to proactively identify safety-related hazards and mitigate the associated risks. Max talks about four fundamental principles of risk management, and then talks about how the word “probably” should be a trigger word that gets you to consider other options when you’re flying.
He also talks about Pilot in Command and what it means. He suggests pilots think of it as a verb, meaning the pilot takes action when needed to prevent an incident or accident, and takes responsibility for whatever occurs.
Listeners have questions on starting instrument training, how the difference between magnetic north and true north comes into play when flying a VOR approach with a GPS receiver, and how to safely fuel an aircraft when it’s raining.
There are many ways for a pilot to flight plan a trip. Traditionally, it was done with a paper map, pencil, and a plotter. But now there are many new flight planning tools available on the Internet and as smartphone apps for iPhone and Android phones.
We first talk about which percentage of listeners use each tool, then describe the most popular tools, and finally describe how user use multiple tools. Some of the tools described include:
To reduce iPad discharge in flight, Greg Brown recommended turning the brightness down and this USB charger.
Last week we talked about briefing the approach and said one of the first things you should do is check to see whether GPS is in the title of the approach. For example, you might look to see whether the title is just VOR 21 approach or if it’s VOR 21 OR GPS. If it’s the latter, it’s obvious you can use GPS in lieu of a VOR signal for the entire approach. But what’s less clear is when you can use GPS for a portion of the approach if it says just VOR 21 and doesn’t have GPS in the title of the approach.
Although GPS receivers have been around for over 20 years, pilots are still unclear as to when they can use GPS on non-GPS approaches such as ILS and VOR approaches. As Max explains, the rules are different for VOR and ILS approaches. The regulatory basis can be found in FAA Advisory Circular AC 90-108, dated March 3, 2011, and in the AIM, the Aeronautical Information Manual, in section 1-2-3, sub-paragraphs c4 and c-5, updated May 26, 2016.
These tell us that for a VOR or NDB approach, you can now use GPS for the entire approach, even if GPS is not listed in the title of the approach. So in our example, if the title of the approach is VOR 21, and GPS is not in the title, you can still now use GPS for the entire approach, but with one caveat. The VOR or NDB signal MUST be in service, and you MUST monitor that signal for the final approach course.
But for an ILS or Localizer approach, as soon as you turn onto a localizer or ILS, you need to display course guidance from the Nav radio. On the Garmin 430/530, that means as soon as you turn onto the localizer, you must push the CDI button so VLOC is displayed. You can, if you wish, monitor RNAV (GPS) data as you fly along a localizer, but GPS cannot be used for primary guidance at any time while on a localizer.
Based in the very heart of Bicester, a market town going back to Saxon times with historic Market Square, 16th Century buildings and the Parish Church of St.Edburg’s, Trinity Cabbages & Condoms or Trinity C&C is located on Chapel street is less than 1 minute walk from Market Square itself and a stone throw away from Bicester Village Outlet Shopping Centre. Our guests dine within a beautifully converted listed church with many original features restored to its former glory.
We have private rooms for small functions as well as the Bangkok hall for larger numbers of up to 145.
Whether you want to have some simple, quick and healthy noodles at the noodle bar or a succulent dinner of the finest Thai cuisine prepared to perfection by our Thai chefs in Thai teak decorated surroundings.
Just off the High Street on St James’s Street, this restaurant will deliver some of the most authentic Thai cuisine in Cheltenham. Our head chef has won many awards for food excellence at our Bangkok restaurants.
Cabbages & Condoms Cheltenham features many of the famous classics like Phad Thai, papaya salad, Tom Yum soups as well as dishes like roasted duck curry and lamb massaman curry. Don’t miss the contemporaries like ‘larb pla’ crispy seabass dressed with fresh herbs and spices, lime and ground roasted rice or the fresh salmon salad with rich flavours of lemongrass and lime leaves.
We aim to locally-source as much of our fresh produce as we possibly can to ensure it remains fresh and healthy from earth to table while maintaining a social responsibility to the local community.
As one of the most unique restaurants in Metropolitan Bangkok, the Cabbages & Condoms (C&C) Restaurant has attracted much international attention and many diners from around the world. Conveniently located near one of Bangkok's main business districts on Sukhumvit Soi 12, Cabbages & Condoms is very popular among local and foreign diners. This flagship restaurant can easily accommodate 400 diners at any one time and is full most nights.
You can sit outside under the canopy and enjoy the Bangkok evening atmosphere and listen to live traditional Thai music or sit inside our fully air-conditioned rooms.
After you‘ve enjoyed the food, please don’t forget to help yourself to some FREE condoms when you leave.
Bahn Doo - 47 clean and comfortable rooms with restaurant  on the ground floor. This Inn is one of four Cabbages & Condoms facilities in the province of Chiang Rai.
Located along the Chiang Rai Rajabhat University road, the Inn is very close to many interesting places to visit – such as the Textile Museum, the Black House and Doi Din Daeng ceramics factory. A little further away are the Rai Mae Fah Luang Garden, the Hilltribe Museum, the White Temple.
17 hectares of lush landscape features guestrooms and suites designed in simple and elegant Thai architecture. The Kasalong, Chanpah, Suphanika and Leelawadi low-rise buildings have a total of 47 rooms. Modern amenities to create a relaxed environment in harmony with its natural surroundings. As recommended by Lonely Planet travel guide. www.cabbagesandcondomshotels.com
Clean and comfortable accommodation situated in a breathtaking and tranquil location at the foot of picturesque limestone cliffs.
We have 23 guest rooms with garden views. if you love seafood, we have dishes prepared to perfection from super fresh fish, prawns, crabs, mussels, cockles from the nearby Andaman sea.
Nestled in a tropical rainforest and featuring spectacular ocean views, Cabbages & Condoms Restaurant and Birds & Bees Resort is just 1.5 hours drive from Bangkok. It is situated on Hu-Kwang Bay, one of Pattaya's most beautiful and reclusive beaches and is only five minutes drive from Pattaya City.
The complete facilities of the resort comprises of 54 carefully designed rooms and suites, as well as spectacular swimming pools and jacuzzi, all set in a lush tropical garden overflowing with orchids and other native flowers.
natural sanctuary for birds and local fauna, and guests reach their rooms through flower and rainforest walks. www.cabbagesandcondoms.co.th
The origin of the name Cabbages & Condoms derives from the concept coined by our Chairman Mr. Mechai Viravaidya who said “you can go to any shop around Thailand and you will always find cabbages... condoms should be like cabbages which are ubiquitous and accessible to everyone.” And so the name Cabbages & Condoms (C&C) was conceived.
Mr. Mechai believed that condoms should not be seen as taboo but as a neccessity, which could save people’s lives from dangerous STIs including HIV/AIDS as well as unwanted pregnancy.
Cabbages & Condoms (C&C) was established on the backbone of an NGO called Population and Community Development Association (PDA) and operates as a “Business for Social Progress” where all of its profits support the Population and Community Development Association (PDA), one of Thailand’s largest NGOs with programmes including primary health, birth control, education, HIV/AIDS, environment, poverty eradication and water resource development.
Our restaurant was conceptualised in part to promote better understanding and acceptance of family planning and to generate income to support various development activities of the Population and Community Development Association (PDA) all over Thailand. Cabbages & Condoms Bangkok was started by Mr. Mechai Viravaidya, a philanthropist and ex-politician who wanted to improve the lives of Thai people focusing on social issues such as sexual health, sustainability and anti-corruption. His fun loving and irreverent approach has been so sucessful that “Mechai” is also the slang word for Condom.
We are currently supported by the FreeDoms shop inconjunction with the NHS in giving out FREE condoms in our Bicester and Cheltenham branch. For more information about the FreeDoms shop, please visit www.freedoms-shop.nhs.uk
Love is more precious than anything, everyone needs love and care in your life. When you love someone, then on that time the whole world is like a heaven for you, if you also love some from your bottom of your heart or your beloved want to break up from your relationship, and you are worried about it and you think that How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran because you don’t want to lose your beloved. If you are searching a right direction to tantra to stop marriage with your beloved than you are on the right track where you can get mantra to cancel marriage and get the valuable solution from our astrologer who is the specialist in this world and his reputation in the field of vashikaran is spotless based on the feedback from his previous clients.
If you love someone and now he/she is going to marry with anyone, or you are beloved want to break up with you. But you don’t want to lose your beloved and want him/her back in your life then you are on right place where you can get solution by our astrologer who is specialist in this work and he will provide you some sidh vashikaran Mantra, those mantras will help you to stop his/her marriage and solve your love problem by astrology.
If you have long been the relation and you want to spend your life with your beloved but suddenly you are beloved want to break up with you, and you are worried about this, because you want to know from our astrologer How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran . If you want to full details then you have to contact our astrologer who is practicing vashikaran for a long time. if you also want to know how to mantra to stop my marriage then our astrologer can help you by mantra to stop unwanted marriage.
if your wife/husband give you divorce but you don’t want to divorce with him/her then you can take the help of our astrologer who will give you stop divorce totke from which you can save your life with the use of husband/wife vashikaran totka to stop divorce.
black magic to break engagement How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Abu Dhabi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Adelaide How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Agra How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ahmedabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ajman How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ajmer How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Al Ain How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Alappuzha How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Aligarh How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Allahabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Alor Setar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Amaravathi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ambattur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Amravati How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Amritsar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ang Mo Kio How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Asansol How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Atlanta How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Aurangabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in australia How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bangalore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bareilly How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Belgaum How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bellary How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bhavnagar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bhilai Nagar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bhiwandi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bhopal How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bhubaneswar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bikaner How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Birmingham How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Boston How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Brisbane How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bristol How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Bukit Batok How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Cairns How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Canberra How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Chandigarh How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Chennai How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Chicago How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Choa Chu Kang How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Clementi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Coimbatore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Cuttack How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Dallas How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Darwin How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Davangere How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Dehradun How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Denver How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Dhanbad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Dharwad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Dindigul How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in dubai How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Durgapur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Edinburgh How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Erode How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Faridabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Firozabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Fujairah How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Gaya How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in George Town How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ghaziabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Glasgow How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Gold Coast How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Gorakhpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Gulbarga How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Guntur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Gurgaon How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Guwahati How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Gwalior How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Hampi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Haora How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Hobart How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Houston How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Hubli How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Hubli and Dharwad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Hyderabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Indore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ipoh How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jabalpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jaipur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jalandhar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jalgaon How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jammu How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jamnagar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jamshedpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jhansi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jodhpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Johor Bahru How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Jurong East How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kakinada How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kalyan & Dombivali How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kampong Glam How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kanchipuram How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kanpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kanyakumari How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kavaratti How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kochi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kolapur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kolkata How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kota How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kota Kinabalu How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kovalam How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kozhikode How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kuala Lumpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kuala Terengganu How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Kuching How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in London How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Loni How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Los Angeles How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Lucknow How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ludhiana How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Madurai How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Mahabalipuram How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Maheshtala How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Malacca How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in malaysia How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Malegoan How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Manchester How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Mangalore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Meerut How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Melbourne How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Mira and Bhayander How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Moradabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Mumbai How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Mysore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Nagpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Nanded Waghala How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Nashik How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Navi Mumbai How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Nellore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in New Delhi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Noida How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Norwich How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ooty How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Palakkad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Perth How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Petaling Jaya How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Philadelphia How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Pimpri & Chinchwad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Pondicherry How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Port Blair How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Portsmouth How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Pune How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Putrajaya How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Raichur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Raipur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Rajkot How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ranchi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ras Al Khaimah How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Saharanpur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Salem How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in San Francisco How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Sangli Miraj Kupwad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Seattle How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Secunderabad How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Serangoon How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Shah Alam How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Sharjah How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Sheffield How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Shimoga How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Siliguri How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in singapore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Solapur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Southampton How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Srinagar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Surat How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Sydney How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tampines How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tanah Merah How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Thane How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Thanjavur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Thiruvananthapuram How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Thrissur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tiruchirappalli How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tirunelveli How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tirupati How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tirupur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tumkur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Tuticorin How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Udaipur How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ujjain How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Ulhasnagar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Umm al-Quwain How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Vadodara How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Varanasi How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Vasai Virar How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Vellore How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Vijayawada How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Visakhapatnam How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Vizianagaram How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Warangal How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Washington How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in Woodlands How to stop break up with the help of vashikaran in York England mantra to cancel marriage mantra to stop my marriage mantra to stop unwanted marriage powerful mantra to avoid divorce stop divorce totke tantra to stop marriage totka to stop divorce.
Is it true that vashikaran pandit can not only prediction your love life but help you to solve hurdles coming in it too
Thanks a lot for giving everyone an extremely splendid opportunity to read articles and blog posts from this web site. It is often very superb and packed with amusement for me and my office mates to visit your website no less than thrice weekly to find out the latest stuff you will have. And of course, I am at all times happy with all the staggering tactics you serve. Some 2 points in this article are easily the finest I’ve had.
I enjoy you because of your entire efforts on this blog. Gloria loves conducting investigations and it’s easy to understand why. My partner and i notice all of the powerful form you convey efficient guidelines via the web blog and in addition foster contribution from other individuals on this subject so our favorite simple princess is actually being taught a great deal. Take advantage of the remaining portion of the year. Your doing a great job.
I simply desired to thank you very much again. I am not sure the things that I could possibly have followed in the absence of those creative concepts shared by you about such situation. It previously was the daunting situation in my circumstances, nevertheless taking a look at the very specialised way you treated it made me to weep over contentment. I am just grateful for the work and as well , have high hopes you comprehend what a powerful job you’re putting in teaching people all through a web site. I am certain you haven’t met any of us.
Thank you for your entire work on this site. My mom take interest in going through research and it’s easy to understand why. We all learn all about the powerful tactic you provide good thoughts through the web site and as well recommend participation from other individuals about this situation then my child is without a doubt studying so much. Have fun with the remaining portion of the year. You are conducting a stunning job.
I simply wished to appreciate you all over again. I am not sure the things that I could possibly have gone through without the entire suggestions discussed by you regarding that area of interest. This has been a daunting setting for me, but being able to view the specialised approach you managed that forced me to weep for joy. Extremely happy for this information and in addition pray you find out what a great job you have been doing instructing other individuals through your webpage. I am sure you haven’t encountered all of us.
I have to express my appreciation to the writer just for rescuing me from this type of circumstance. Just after looking throughout the online world and meeting thoughts that were not helpful, I figured my entire life was over. Being alive without the presence of solutions to the difficulties you’ve resolved through your write-up is a crucial case, and ones that would have adversely damaged my career if I had not discovered the website. Your primary natural talent and kindness in dealing with almost everything was very useful. I’m not sure what I would’ve done if I hadn’t come upon such a stuff like this. I’m able to now relish my future. Thanks for your time very much for the reliable and effective guide. I won’t think twice to recommend your blog to anybody who wants and needs tips on this subject.
I simply wished to thank you so much once more. I am not sure the things that I would’ve followed without the actual methods shown by you about my area of interest. It was a real hard problem in my opinion, but witnessing your specialized way you managed that made me to cry over fulfillment. I’m just happy for this help and then hope you recognize what an amazing job you are accomplishing instructing men and women through the use of your webpage. Most likely you haven’t come across all of us.
A lot of thanks for all your valuable effort on this web page. My mother enjoys working on research and it is obvious why. Almost all notice all regarding the powerful ways you produce insightful information through your web blog and even cause participation from people on the area of interest so our simple princess is certainly discovering a lot. Enjoy the remaining portion of the year. You’re conducting a brilliant job.
I and my pals have already been taking note of the best things on your web site and then then came up with an awful suspicion I had not expressed respect to you for those strategies. Most of the ladies came for that reason warmed to see them and have in effect undoubtedly been using them. Appreciation for truly being really considerate and for pick out this kind of great subject areas most people are really needing to understand about. My very own honest apologies for not expressing gratitude to sooner.
My wife and i were now happy that Ervin could finish up his web research while using the ideas he came across from your very own blog. It is now and again perplexing to simply choose to be giving for free secrets and techniques that a number of people could have been trying to sell. And now we see we need you to appreciate for that. Those illustrations you made, the easy site navigation, the relationships you can help instill – it’s got most spectacular, and it’s leading our son in addition to us reckon that the concept is brilliant, which is tremendously indispensable. Thanks for the whole lot!
I intended to compose you the little bit of observation just to say thanks again on your precious views you have featured above. This is so surprisingly open-handed with people like you to make easily precisely what many of us might have offered as an ebook to make some profit for themselves, even more so given that you could have done it if you ever considered necessary. These strategies also worked to be a good way to be aware that most people have similar keenness like my very own to realize very much more in terms of this condition. I believe there are thousands of more pleasant times ahead for many who view your website.
Needed to draft you a tiny observation so as to say thanks a lot again over the gorgeous pointers you have shown here. This is really seriously open-handed of you to provide unhampered just what many individuals could possibly have made available for an ebook to help make some money for their own end, notably given that you might have done it if you ever desired. These strategies in addition worked to provide a fantastic way to be sure that some people have the same zeal similar to my own to find out a good deal more when it comes to this condition. I know there are a lot more enjoyable occasions up front for individuals who take a look at your site.
My spouse and i got really thankful that John managed to carry out his preliminary research out of the ideas he acquired using your web site. It’s not at all simplistic to simply happen to be freely giving thoughts that many others might have been making money from. And we all fully grasp we need you to appreciate because of that. The type of illustrations you have made, the simple site navigation, the friendships your site aid to create – it’s got most spectacular, and it is letting our son and us consider that that content is brilliant, which is extraordinarily pressing. Many thanks for the whole thing!
I really wanted to compose a quick remark so as to express gratitude to you for those unique information you are posting at this website. My considerable internet search has now been paid with really good suggestions to talk about with my close friends. I would assert that many of us site visitors are rather endowed to dwell in a fine community with very many lovely individuals with very beneficial hints. I feel really blessed to have come across the webpages and look forward to plenty of more enjoyable times reading here. Thanks a lot again for all the details.
I in addition to my pals came analyzing the great tips found on the website and so all of the sudden I had a terrible feeling I never expressed respect to the blog owner for them. Those men had been for this reason passionate to read all of them and already have seriously been having fun with these things. I appreciate you for turning out to be well accommodating and also for using these kinds of smart things most people are really needing to be informed on. My honest apologies for not saying thanks to earlier.
I precisely needed to appreciate you all over again. I’m not certain the things I would have implemented in the absence of those thoughts provided by you concerning my situation. Entirely was a fearsome issue for me personally, but observing the specialised tactic you resolved the issue took me to cry with gladness. Now i’m happy for your help and as well , hope you know what an amazing job that you’re undertaking training other individuals thru your site. Most likely you’ve never met all of us.
I must express my appreciation to this writer just for bailing me out of this condition. As a result of searching through the search engines and finding basics that were not pleasant, I thought my entire life was done. Being alive without the strategies to the difficulties you’ve sorted out by means of your guideline is a serious case, and ones that might have adversely damaged my entire career if I had not discovered your blog post. Your personal know-how and kindness in handling every aspect was priceless. I’m not sure what I would have done if I hadn’t come across such a step like this. I am able to now look forward to my future. Thanks for your time very much for your high quality and results-oriented help. I will not hesitate to recommend the website to any individual who requires guide on this issue.
I wish to show my thanks to this writer just for rescuing me from this circumstance. As a result of surfing throughout the internet and seeing solutions which are not helpful, I believed my entire life was over. Existing minus the solutions to the problems you’ve resolved as a result of your entire short article is a critical case, as well as those that might have in a wrong way damaged my entire career if I had not noticed your blog post. Your own natural talent and kindness in playing with all the details was excellent. I am not sure what I would’ve done if I had not encountered such a thing like this. I can now relish my future. Thanks for your time so much for your impressive and sensible guide. I will not hesitate to recommend your blog post to any individual who would like assistance on this subject matter.
I intended to post you the little remark to be able to give many thanks yet again for all the wonderful things you have documented on this page. It was certainly strangely generous with people like you to deliver unreservedly what exactly many individuals would’ve sold for an e-book in making some bucks on their own, particularly considering that you could possibly have tried it if you ever decided. Those tricks also acted as a great way to fully grasp that some people have similar fervor like my own to learn great deal more in regard to this issue. I’m sure there are some more pleasant sessions in the future for those who take a look at your blog.
I intended to put you one very little remark to help say thanks over again over the pretty thoughts you’ve documented in this case. It is strangely open-handed with people like you to present without restraint precisely what numerous people could have supplied as an electronic book to get some cash for their own end, particularly since you could have done it in the event you considered necessary. Those techniques likewise worked to provide a easy way to know that many people have a similar eagerness much like mine to realize a lot more pertaining to this issue. I think there are numerous more pleasant times ahead for people who take a look at your blog post.
I have to show thanks to this writer for bailing me out of this particular difficulty. After checking through the world-wide-web and finding solutions which were not helpful, I assumed my life was done. Existing without the presence of solutions to the difficulties you’ve resolved by way of this short article is a critical case, as well as ones that could have in a negative way damaged my entire career if I hadn’t come across your blog post. Your mastery and kindness in touching every part was tremendous. I’m not sure what I would have done if I had not discovered such a subject like this. It’s possible to now relish my future. Thanks a lot so much for your skilled and results-oriented guide. I will not be reluctant to refer your web sites to any person who desires guidelines about this situation.
Thanks so much for giving everyone remarkably wonderful opportunity to read critical reviews from this blog. It is usually very terrific plus packed with amusement for me personally and my office co-workers to search your website at least three times in 7 days to learn the fresh tips you have got. And lastly, we are at all times happy with your striking methods served by you. Selected 1 facts in this posting are honestly the most suitable I’ve had.
Thank you so much for giving everyone such a brilliant chance to read in detail from here. It’s usually so nice and packed with a good time for me personally and my office colleagues to visit the blog particularly three times in one week to find out the newest issues you have got. And of course, I’m just actually contented for the effective opinions served by you. Selected 3 tips in this post are rather the most suitable we have all had.
Thanks for your entire hard work on this web page. My daughter enjoys managing internet research and it is easy to see why. A number of us learn all concerning the compelling tactic you convey insightful steps by means of the blog and therefore improve participation from visitors on this content then our favorite princess is certainly studying a lot. Take advantage of the rest of the new year. You are conducting a wonderful job.
“I am a self-taught abstract and surrealist artist interested in creating work steeped in mystery and the interplay between memory, form, and color. Being born and raised in rural Illinois surrounded by farms and fields encouraged and informed the vivid daydreamer within me. However, I didn’t complete my first painting until the age of 27. Most of my work is a spontaneous release of the subconscious followed by hours of tedious dedication to the completed vision. Thanks for looking.” — Matthew Merchant
Whether you are printing 1 or 10,000 Christmas Cards, with ASK’s online Christmas Card printing service it couldn't be simpler. Just supply a Christmas card front cover image or photo or choose from one of our professionally designed Christmas Card fronts, personalise your card front greeting as well as your inside greeting, and provide your crest or logo and school, charity or company details. Your Christmas Card printing sorted.
Colm Wilkinson was in touch to say that some of the details in the following biography are incorrect as they're taken from vintage press articles written by lazy journalists who got the facts wrong. He wasn't more specific, so I am unable to correct specific errors, and if I have to choose between the myth and nothing, I'll take the myth thanks--ed.
"The Tremeloes are very enthusiastic about the prospects of bluesy singer Colm Wilkinson. He will go to London shortly to record some of his originals and will be produced by the Trems"--Ken Stewart, Billboard, 2 Oct 1971
Born Dublin 1944. Colm C.T. Wilkinson is a highly regarded singer with a strong, soulful voice whose recording career took several years to get off the ground. In 1960 at the age of 16 he joined the Chris Lamb Band. In an interview in 2007 he mentioned travelling to New York when he was 16 with a showband which included Louis Stewart on guitar. Was this Chris Lamb's band? The journalist didn't ask. By the mid-60s was singing with The Action, playing tennis and cricket clubs in suburban Dublin, offering a mixture of blues, soul, R&B and some Rock & Roll. He also played with Mick Ryan and the Four Keys and the Jim Doherty Band. When success eluded him, he gave up singing and returned to his day job, but after a few years he was back, this time with a showband The Witnesses (ca 1967-69), a northern group who were very popular in the clubs in Ireland, played soul and R&B in the army bases in Germany, and who also played hotel residencies in places like Puerto Rico, Nassau and the Bahamas, where they performed before and later met Elvis Presley. The Witnesses eventually relocated to Montreal in Canada. Wilkinson left the band in 1970, returning to Ireland and playing low key solo gigs mainly in the Dublin area for the next couple of years.
Wilkinson eventually found fame and fortune though his involvement in the world of musical theatre, in particular the musicals of Andrew Lloyd-Webber. His breakthrough was landing the role of Judas in the Irish cast of Jesus Christ Superstar produced at The Gaiety Theatre in Dublin in 1973. A year later he was pinched by the London production, which had been running since 1971 and had regular problems with the role of Judas as it a very demanding part. From here on he never looked back. He remained in the London cast until 1976.
Wilkinson made his recording debut in 1975 on the Demolition Man soundtrack and followed it the year after with Evita, singing the role of Che Guevara. He signed a solo deal with DJM Records in 1976 who released his debut single in April but for whatever reason DJM chose not to release his debut album, which was an Irish only release on Solo Records in 1977. Surprisingly, this has been his only proper solo LP release to date. He finished well in the 1977 National Song Contest with "There Was A Dream" (#2 hit in Ireland) and won it a year later with his own composition "Born To Sing", and duly went on to represent Ireland at the 1978 Eurovision, finishing fifth. Clive James ridiculed the song in the Sunday Times, writing that the title was clearly an oxymoron! (Has anyone heard Clive James LPs for RCA?) More musicals followed, and in the mid-80s Colm appeared in "Les Miserables", which eventually became a Broadway smash, establishing his fame worldwide. Les Mis is probably the role he is best known for . . . although in Ireland the Donnellys Sausages, Squeeze orange juice or Renault 4 adverts would come a close second.
7" - Fianna Fail Records - FF 001 - IRL - June 1977 - promo only, some copies in diecut bag with lyrics printed on one side
Notes: Promotional single issued by the Fianna Fail political party during the 1977 General Election in Ireland. The song is intended to inspire shiftless young people to become interested in politics. Instead it had them reaching for the off switch on their radios. One of the worst singles ever recorded. See also Cathal Dunne for more election tune madness.
Notes: All songs by Colm Wilkinson unless otherwise stated. A mixed bag. Some tracks feature orchestration, others a small band format (no brass). There are no credits apart from arrangers (John Cameron, Dave Gold, John Tate and Noel Kelehan) and producers (Steve Roland, Tommy Ellis and Colm Wilkinson) which is a pity, as it would be interesting to know who plays on these tracks. . Most of Wilkinson's originals are gritty pop-rock or R&B numbers. The others expand his range, though some of his singing sounds derivative on these tracks. Nevertheless a very good album.
We need your help to correct and/or complete this entry. If you can provide more information about this band, have scans, photos or any other memorabilia we can use, or spare copies of any releases, then please get in touch.
Please rate this buddy icon. Submit your favorite buddy icons. Downloads tons of icons for free. Copy and paste icon code in forums, Myspace, Xanga.com, etc.
You can use these icons in MSN. Just save it and set as your Display Picture. You can use these icons on your website.
Crushes only crush you, Falling only hurts you, Hearts will only break you, If there is no love to save you.
We encourage you to post your thoughts about this icon. Please login or Join us and post your comment
You can find funny AIM icons, away messages, smileys and emotions. You can download everything you see here for free! You can express yourself with our custom buddy icons.
You can copy and paste smileys and emoticons on your personal homepage, website or profile on MySpace, Xanga and other websites. Lots of icons and Smileys for MySpace. A lot of College Icons can be found here. Feel free to join us free and take the advantages of the growing community of IM users. Icons are suitable for AIM, MSN, Yahoo messangers and ICQ photos.
AIM and AOL are registered trademarks of America Online.	Buddy-Icons.info is not affiliated with America Online.
In the ongoing debate between supporters of “organic” marijuana versus hydroponics marijuana, you often hear about “compost tea.”
In my many years of growing and using marijuana, I've seen or been involved in getting pets high on many occasions. Most of the time, it seemed like a big joke. ...read more Source: bigbudsmag
When you grow marijuana, especially if you're using hydroponics nutrients in pure hydroponics systems, your plants are taking in “nutrients salts.” That's why most marijuana growers “flush” the...
I manage a busy, 2300-square foot hydroponics store in California, one of the main states where marijuana growing is a big money enterprise and marijuana growers always ask me which ...read more Source: bigbudsmag
Millions of ordinary Americans are now able to walk into a marijuana dispensary and purchase bags of pot on the spot for a variety of medical ailments. But if you're ...read more Source: cannabisnews
Let Me Be The One!!!! Let's take a chance! You only live once, that is now my motto. I am a 6-foot-1 black man who is looking for woman willing to take a chance with a man who doesn't play any or put up with BS! I am 39 years old loyal, faithful, and ready to settle down with a good woman. I am not perfect do I expect her to be I just want someone to love and to love me back. So if you feel this is you put I'm willing in the subject line along with a . And let's make this happen. I'm waiting PS and if all you want is a friendship Please let's not waste each others time Cuz what I'm looking for is now. There's no need to flagg me let's talk if there's an issue. Thank you!!!!!! Race is not an issue actually I would like to try to be with someone outside my race
Lady wants casual sex Rossville anyone in brookings? m4w Are there any real women in brookings? i am looking for a little fun and excitement over the weekend. Respond with your name and number. I have a place we can go as well. It rained today in brookings and the temperature was 52 degrees.
Anyone into women that want to fuck for free lang Casual Dating West kill NewYork 12492 Hot horny mom ready free adult dating, xxx amateurs off Counce Tennessee Sexy women want sex Ruidoso Desperately needing a "man bashing" session! w4w Are you? I am in desperate need of a man bashing session...who's in?
mature horny women wants look for women, adult friend finder virginia Seeking thick playmate m4w Seeking a woman with large bre-asts that love them played with.....a woman with a large spankable butt....a woman with a tummy I can snuggle up to...someone who loves to hold my head between their thighs...someone who loves to kiss!
hot horny ready horny dating Addo women sex Casual Dating Yutan Nebraska 68073 its raining and I love sex when it rains m4w Im a 24 year old Rican in great shape looking to have some fun if you know what I mean I do whatever the ladies would like me to do for them im ddf been tested and I would like to stay that way pic for pic hit me up and lets start having some fun im also free I can host if u want
Adult nsa ready sexy latinas looking to bone a beautiful woman Dancer Nice looking white guy in my fourties, athletic, clean, looking to find a dancer for a private show, maybe on a regular basis...
Looking to cyber or chat, free porn Eau Claire Casual Dating Washta Iowa 51061 Little country, little of a lot of things I'm all over the board when it comes to personality. I'm a little country; I love to fish, camp, hike, swim, take drives through the countryside and just explore nature. I'm a little city; I like going to , going out to eat (really love trying new restaurants), going to see plays, sporting events (determined to make it to a packer game this year), as well as a number of other things. My taste in is broad, as is my taste in music. I can enjoy any movie genre as long as there is something keeping my attention. When it comes to music, I just don't do rap. If you do, it's fine. Just don't expect me to start rapping along to whatever song is on the radio. I'm very sarcastic and some people think I'm funny sometimes. I do not do , drink, or smoke. Don't care if you drink or smoke, but I can't tolerate. Since it's apparent that women like jobless bums because "project guys are fun" I thought I'd forego mentioning that I've got a good job and my stuff together. But on the off chance there's a lady out there that appreciates it, there you go. Oh, and I smell nice. If that's your thing. I'm fairly open minded when it comes to women. Be 35 or younger, clean, and doing something...anything with yourself. aren't a deal breaker. Race is open - just speak proper English (unless it's your second language - I'd love to learn some of your native language). Grammatical errors happen, butchery of the English language will upset me though. Put the country you'd most like to visit in the subject line.
Getting your personal finances under control is key to long term success. This involves incorporating effective budgeting strategies into your lifestyle. So, why does living on a budget feel like such a strain on your lifestyle? It does not have to feel this way. Living on a budget, while still living well, is possible. In this article, we will discuss some practical advice.
To save money on your real estate financing you should talk to several mortgage brokers. Each will have their own set of rules about where they can offer discounts to get your business but you’ll have to calculate just how much each one could save you. A smaller up front fee may not be the best bargain if the long term rate it higher.
To establish a good credit history or repair a bad one, you will want to keep your credit card balances low. You should never let your balance get anywhere near your maximum credit line. Having reasonable balances that you pay off regularly is a sign of a responsible credit user who can be trusted with debt.
A great way to gain more control over your personal finances is to convert from card to cash for small items, like when buying coffee or snacks, and set a weekly limit. This’ll mean you pay much closer attention to how much you’re spending on what might seem like small items, but in fact are expenses which add up really fast.
Having less meals from fast food places and other restaurants can save one money to help their personal finances. Creating meals at home can save you hundreds of dollars every month.
Staying as responsible as possible, is a key trait in maintaining a solid bank account. When you have a checking account, make sure that you never take more than you have. This can lead to overdraft fees, which can add up over time and have an impact on your overall balance.
The majority of your unnecessary spending will usually come on a whim, as it should be your mission to limit this as much as possible. Before you go to the supermarket, make a list so that you just purchase the items that you are there for, reducing the amount of impulse purchases.
If your finances are such that you can’t afford to put a sizeable down payment on a new car, you can’t afford that car. Cars depreciate extremely quickly, and unless you make a large payment up-front, you will end up upside-down on that loan. Owing more than the worth of your car makes it difficult to sell the car and can put you in a bad position if the car were to be wrecked.
Take taxi fees into consideration, when financially preparing for your trip. Most people are too preoccupied thinking about hotel, food and leisure expenses, to remember that they need money for taxis. When making a taxi or car reservation, ask how much the ride will be on the phone, so that you know how much to set aside.
Make sure that you set goals so that you can have a benchmark to reach every week, month and year. This will allow you to form the discipline that is needed for quality investing and successful financial management. If you hit your goals, set them higher in the next timeframe that you choose.
Having a strong grasp on your personal financial situation is key to long term success. As we have discussed in this article, getting your finances under control requires budgeting. Budgeting can feel like a it puts a cramp in your lifestyle, but it doesn’t have to feel this way. Follow the simple tips we have discussed in this article and you will be on your way to budgeting success.
While there are many aspects of being profitable the most important consideration is personal finance. It can be difficult to know where to start when catering to your personal finance needs. This article will outline a few tips and some advice that should lend a bit of clarity to personal finance options.
While it is important to ask around about what you should invest in, it is necessary that you follow your own intuition in the end. Ultimately, it is your money that you are investing. Therefore, you have to make sure that you believe in every investment that you make.
Make sure that you are collecting all of the tax credits to which you are entitled. Look out for the following tax credits: Child Care Credit, Child Tax Credit, Lifetime Learning Credit, Earned Income Credit and Hope Scholarship Credit. Visit the IRS’s website for a complete list of tax credits that you may be eligible for.
If you have fallen behind on your mortgage payments and have no hope of becoming current, see if you qualify for a short sale before letting your home go into foreclosure. While a short sale will still negatively affect your credit rating and remain on your credit report for seven years, a foreclosure has a more drastic effect on your credit score and may even cause an employer to reject your job application.
Stick to your goals. When you see the money start pouring in, or the money flying away, it can be hard to stay the course and stick with what you originally planned. Before making changes, keep in mind what you really want and what you can really afford; and you’ll save yourself money.
Quite often it is said that if you make more you spend more. The biggest tip I can offer in that case is to try to live below your means. If you can afford that luxury $1000 apartment, don’t! Live at a more modest $700 dollar one and pocket the difference perhaps to use as a down payment on a house.
Smoking and drinking are two things that you will want to avoid if you want to put yourself in the best position financially. These habits not only hurt your health, but can take a great toll on your wallet as well. Take the steps necessary to reduce or quit smoking and drinking.
Take a snapshot of your spending habits. Keep a journal of absolutely everything that you purchase for at least a month. Every dime must be accounted for in the journal in order to be able to truly see where your money is going. After the month is over, review and see where changes can be made.
Write your budget down if you want to stick to it. There is something very concrete about writing something down. It makes your income versus spending very real and helps you to see the benefits of saving money. Evaluate your budget monthly to make sure it’s working for you and that you really are sticking to it.
Mowing your own lawn, as well as finding neighbors and other people who are in need of someone to mow their lawn for them, can develop into a profitable job for you to pursue on your own time. It also has the advantage of being a job that you can do close to home.
You want to be sure to have a solid base and extended plan for your personal finance needs. If you take heed to the topics discussed in the article you will have a better understanding of the directions available for you to take. Personal finance can ensure your long term security, so approach it wisely and with diligent purpose.
Haven't Interviewed in many years? Prepare for your interview, whether you are entry or executive level, with our interview preparation consultation.
Sign up for The Write Resume newsletter to receive valuable employment trend information and special offers
Regardless of how you come to the attention of a prospective employer - letter/resume, college placement office, online job board, company website, networking, referrals, or just dropping into a personnel office - sooner or later every interested employer is going to ask you to complete a company application form.
Lengthy job application forms may seem to request information already supplied, but much can hinge on the way they are handled. Since virtually every job applicant comes armed with a resume providing pertinent information about themselves, filling out an application seems like a waste of time. But, most companies require application forms and, since you can't avoid completing them, you might as well learn to accept them and do them well.
There are good reasons why companies require applications. Most companies feel that even though you have presented them with a resume, you should fill out their standardized form - which is designed to obtain information the company needs to know.
It is used as a screening device, but more importantly, it is used as part of the permanent employee record as a legal document. It protects the employer in the case of discrimination or falsification on the part of the employee, which can be grounds for dismissal.
Applications can also be related to expenditure approvals connected with employment interviews. If a Human Resources Director is required to fly in out-of-town applicants, it is easier to secure these approvals with a signed application form, proving the person was at the interview.
Moreover, applications may be used instead of resumes to provide a preliminary evaluation of your abilities as a potential employee. In the area of screening, a formal application blank provides a simple test of your ability to spell, write, and give factual answers to questions.
Avoid completing an application form in an employer's office, unless you are there for an interview. Ask to bring it in the next day or send it back later in the week by mail.
Don't touch an application blank with pen, pencil or typewriter until you have made a photocopy. Work on the copy and keep the original clean until you are ready to fill it out in final form.
Read every question carefully before answering and follow all instructions to the letter. The way you fill out the form, no matter how mundane, can speak volumes about you. It represents you to people who have never met you. If it is untidy, incomplete or inaccurate, you will be judged accordingly.
Fill out all blanks on the application. Leaving any space blank can result many times in disqualification for the position. If the question asked is not applicable to your field, write in the response "N/A", but do not leave it blank.
Be extremely careful with facts; they probably will be checked out. Make sure that information on your application does not contradict anything on your resume.
When asked questions such as date you can start, salary range, etc. phrases such as "Open" or "Negotiable" are completely acceptable. This allows you to not be eliminated prior to finding out about the position and speak- ing to the Human Resources Director about specifics.
Do you have a professional resume to send with your application? If you are not getting results, have your resume prepared by our team of professionals! Order today or call us at 1-866-726-9052!
Redesigned for 2015, these precision scissors now have a new ergonomic design and stainless steel blades. An excellent choice for quailty and comfort.
The RIO Grand In Touch is a full line size heavier than the industry standard, and features more weight distributed towards the front of the line to easily load faster action fly rods.
Convenient design makes tippet organization better than ever. Holds 6 spools and attaches to a pack or vest with a carabineer.
Made with surgical quality steel and covered with the comfy grip, these nippers are the perfect blend of comfort and performance. They include a straight cutting surface and a fly eye cleaner.
In Ex, I can’t seem to find the equivelant to the old [b:utv7q4ht]FSOUND_SetSFXMasterVolume[/b:utv7q4ht] function. The current work around I’m doing is to set the volume of each event as it is being played, which I don’t really want to keep doing (and it doesn’t affect sounds that are already playing).
Specifically, we are trying to figure out what benefits (if any) the MP3 format might have and if it’s worth buying the license.
[quote="brett":p2tudt30]xma is a variant of wma pro, which is a lot higher quality than mp3, and xma on xbox 360 is hardware accelerated. fmod’s mp3 decoder on xbox 360 has to use a core to decode on and can take a significant amount of time compared to xma (ie something like 15% of a hardware thread for 100 xmas vs 60% of a hardware thread for 100 mp3s i think).[/quote:p2tudt30]
[quote="brett":3cw8suz0]Sorry i had to do that please don’t talk about specifics of ps3 on this forum. Thanks. Any discussion about ps3 can be sent to support@fmod.org[/quote:3cw8suz0]
I’m playing around with FMOD to test it’s abilities and to write a wrapper that I’m writing. Everything works great and I’m very impressed by FMOD and it’s capabilities!
However there was 1 thing that kinda amazed me… I initialised FMOD with 16 channels and I played an XM file and a wave file, however the wave file didn’t play… I found out later that the XM file was using up all 16 channels and when I increased the channels to 32 the wave file played without a problem. This strikes me as being kinda weird since I have been using other sound libraries incl. SDL_Mixer (which is a bad one btw), but I never found that playing a module (or something alike) to use up allocated channels, however it also opens new capabilities (like defining your own samples and stuff). So I’m not complaining about this feature.
It does however face me with a complication, since it uses up all 16 of my channels, I can of course initialize with 32, however there are also modules that use up 32 channels, so I would like to reinitialise the number of channels when I’m going to play a module, however there is no option in FMOD that allows to reinitialise to increase/decrease the number of mixerchannels dynamically. Of course I could simply close and initialize again, but I would like to be able to do this without stopping my samples…
Another “option” that would be nice, would be the ability to set a seperate number of channels for music or maybe to reserve a number of channels just for modules and stuff…
I tried that and it works, downside is however that I also have to unreserve the channels again when I want to play the sample otherwise it won’t find free channels anymore and if I reserve all the channels again after I started playing the sample it stops to play…
I still would prefer some function that would limit the number of channels for FMUSIC to use, or that I could reserve channels in a way so that only soundsamples and streams could use them…
Helarctos malayanus ranges from the eastern Himalayas to Szechuan in China, then southward throughout Burma, parts of Indochina and the Malayan peninsula. Their range is probably greater than what is actually known. (Sanderson, 1972; Ward and Kynaston, 1995)
Sun bears are found in dense lowland tropical forests. They can commonly be found climbing in trees. (Sanderson, 1972)
Sun bears are the smallest bears in the family Ursidae. They stand 70 cm at the shoulder and are 1.2 to 1.5 m from head to tail. The tail itself is 3 to 7 cm. Males are larger than the females but only by 10 to 20%. They have short, wide, flat heads with small round ears. Their fur is rather coarse but appears sleek. This coat is entirely black except for a "U" shaped patch on the chest and a grey to faintly orange muzzle. The yellowish or white chest patch is highly variable, "U" shaped in some and completely absent in others. This mark may exaggerate bears' sizes during fights. The young are born with soft, shiny coats. The paws are fairly large with sickle-shaped claws and naked soles which are thought to be helpful in climbing trees. These bears have an interesting walk, with all four legs turned in while walking. (International Association for Bear Research and Management (IBA), 1999; Nowak, 1997; Sanderson, 1972; Ward and Kynaston, 1995)
Little is known about the reproductive behavior of sun bears in the wild. Gestation period lasts about 95 days, but there is evidence of delayed implantation. Some sun bear pregnancies in a zoo in Fort Worth lasted 174 to 240 days. A sun bear at the Berlin Zoo actually gave birth two times in one year in 1961, first in April, then again in August, but this is rare. Litter size is usually around one to two but occasionally there are three. Newborns are blind, hairless, and helpless and weigh a mere 300 grams. Cubs stay with their mothers until fully grown and reach sexual maturity around three years of age. (International Association for Bear Research and Management (IBA), 1999)
Like other bear species, sun bear females invest large amounts of energy into raising their altricial young to a stage at which they are able to be independent.
Sun bears are active at night and are excellent and agile climbers. They sleep and sun bath in trees at heights from 2 to 7 m. This species does not go through periods of hibernation, probably because they live in tropical areas and their food sources are present year round. (Nowak, 1997; Sanderson, 1972)
Like other bear species, sun bears have a keen sense of smell. Bears tend to use their senses of smell and touch to find and manipulate food. They probably use olfactory cues to find potential mates and use some vocalizations. (Nowak, 1997)